  nice , i was not aware of this . 
  god damn , i thought you were making stuff up with that laser shit . 
  i did n't think it was possible for this story to get any more retarded , but there we are . 
  better submit this shit to / r/nottheonion if it 's not already there . 
  surely , they realise that agents can point lasers in other locations as well . 
  also , agents can just kidnap and torture glenn greenwald from his apartment until he provides all of the data . 
  but , yeah , doing the laser shit is much easier obviously . 
  the council of europe should just read the guardian where nick clegg ( deputy prime minister ) already answered the first part of the question . 
   `` on the specific issue of records held by the guardian , the deputy prime minister thought it was reasonable for the cabinet secretary to request that the guardian destroyed data that would represent a serious threat to national security if it was to fall into the wrong hands . 
  `` the deputy prime minister felt this was a preferable approach to taking legal action . 
  ** he was keen to protect the guardian 's freedom to publish , whilst taking the necessary steps to safeguard security ** . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/aug/21/nsa-nick-clegg-guardian-leaked-files i have given up trying to make any sense of this statement , particularly the bold part . 
  they claim they have somehow protected national security by destroying the copies in the london branch , but leaving the multiple other copies in other countries , branches and people intact . 
  if anybody can decipher this idiocy , i would be very grateful . 
  but one thing is clear beyond any doubt -- the british government tried to censor the guardian , failed miserably at that , but succeeded in intimidating the guardian into moving part of their reporting outside of the country . 
  nobody has yet apologised for any of that btw . 
  rookie mistake, 
  yet more irrelevant facts . 
  i do n't think i can spell it out any better . 
  * bulgaria has never declared war on the soviet union and has never fought against the soviet union * soviet union declared war on bulgaria * soviet union occupied bulgaria , removed its government and installed their own puppet regime what exactly is not clear ? 
  this was no liberation . 
   except that this is a memorial for the dead soldiers of wwii from all of the soviet and allied countries that died fighting the nazi regeeme no , it 's not , it 's specifically for the `` liberating soviet army '' that did n't liberate anything in bulgaria as can be seen in the inscription . 
  your ramblings about what happened before the soviets came are completely irrelevant . 
  the fact is they did n't liberate anything . 
  even if bulgaria did n't switch sides and fought against the soviet union , it would still be an occupation . 
  the soviet union declared war on bulgaria on the 5th of september and then occupied the country , despite the fact that bulgaria has never declared war on the soviet union and has never fought against the soviet union . 
  pretty simple . 
  what do you think was liberated here ? 
  edit : bulgaria was neutral at the beginning of the war . 
  it joined the axis after the germany army was at the north bank of the danube river demanding passage to greece . 
  if it were to not join the axis and then get occupied by the nazis , only then would liberating the country by the soviets make sense . 
  but of course , this is not what happened . 
   this monument is built for the red army that liberated the country from fascism , and the same russian army that liberated bulgaria from ottoman slavery nope , you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the russian army which liberated the country from the ottomans has a separate monument in the city , nowhere near the monument of the soviet army . 
  i have never heard any objections to that monument and indeed the bulgarian people are very grateful to the russian army for that . 
  also , the deaths of these soldiers and anybody else who has lost his life fighting against the ottoman empire are commerated annually on the 2nd of june when air raid sirens in the entire country sound and everybody stands still for one minute . 
  soviet army ! = russian army also , the soviets did n't liberate shit in bulgaria as i explained in my [ other comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ksd45/on_the_night_of_the_45th_anniversary_of_the_1968/cbs7ssh ), 
  this monument , which is by far the largest in the capital , is an embarassment for my country and it glorifies a historical lie . 
  the inscription of the monument clearly reads : `` to the liberating soviet army from the grateful bulgarian people '' of course , the soviet army did n't liberate anything in bulgaria , ever . 
  in ww2 they occupied the country while engaging in exactly zero battles on bulgarian territory . 
  in return , they removed the democratically elected government and installed a totalitarian puppet regime which is responsible for the deaths of more bulgarians than in any single war in the 20th century and responsible for the oppression of hundreds of thousands of bulgarians . 
  the same regime also brainwashed my parents generation into believing that the soviets liberated the country during ww2 . 
  this monument needs to be removed as soon as possible and put in a monument park or museum or whatever and the historical lie depicted in the description put in a proper context . 
  even to this day , i meet people who still believe this lie . 
  yeah , thunderbird with enigmail is pretty good . 
  there are still usability problems though . 
  what happens when you lose your keys ? 
  your emails are gone . 
  a lot of people will hate this . 
  also , another big problem -- almost nobody is using gpg for emails . 
  you will need to educate people on how to use it . 
  you will also need to convince them that the downsides in terms of usability are worth it . 
  until you send an email to somebody with a gmail/yahoo/hotmail / outlook etc. 
  account ( vast majority of people ) and then prism will just pick it up on the american end . 
  the only solution is client-side encryption , everything else is bullshit . 
  and that , unfortunately , has some downsides in terms of usability . 
  i am aware , yes . 
  i was just pointing out that industrial espionage is very real and it 's not in tinfoil territory and that the us , among others , is certainly doing it in the eu . 
   well were n't the three major countries that the nsa is spying on china , india and germany ? 
  seems pretty obvious to me what this is about and it ai n't national security . 
  [ it 's one of the most spied on countries , but it 's not in top 5 . 
  most spied on in europe though . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/boundless-heatmap-large-001.jpg ) obviously , the intelligence gathering has little to do with terrorism in germany . 
  for example , the uk does n't attract the same amount of interest and there are far more potential-terrorist wackos over there . 
  i 'd also put my bet on industrial espionage . 
  edit : also , ** back in 2001 ** , the european parliament , while investigating [ echelon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/echelon ) , had already decided that the threat of economic espionage from the usa is real . 
   in 2001 , the temporary committee on the echelon interception system recommended to the european parliament that citizens of member states routinely use cryptography in their communications to protect their privacy , because economic espionage with echelon has been conducted by the us intelligence agencies if you follow the [ reference ( pdf ) ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//nonsgml+report+a5-2001-0264+0+doc+pdf+v0//en&amp;language=en ) , there 's an interesting section on page 135 . 
   part of the remit of foreign intelligence services is to gather economic data , such as details of developments in individual sectors of the economy , trends on commodity markets , compliance with economic embargoes , observance of rules on supplying dual-use goods , etc. 
  for these reasons , the firms concerned are often subject to surveillance . 
  ** the us intelligence services do not merely gather general economic intelligence , but also intercept communications between firms , particularly where contracts are being awarded , and they justify this on the grounds of combating attempted bribery ** . 
  detailed interception poses the risk that information may be used as competitive intelligence , rather than combating corruption , even though the us and the united kingdom state that they do not do so . 
  well , now there 's no need to investigate bribery -- you have terrorism . 
   even places like tor have been demolished by the fbi now that 's not true , tor is still doing fine . 
  france has just been deporting them back to bulgaria and romania for several years now . 
  tempora - captures every single data packet within the uk . 
  stored in a buffer for 3 days . 
  afterwards some filters that nobody knows how they work are applied that determine whether it should be retained for longer . 
  all perfectly legal and nothing to worry about according to william hague ( `` nothing to hide bla bla bullshit '' ) . 
  i 've seen plenty of roma doing construction work and low-skilled labour ( like street cleaning ) in my country . 
  i do n't have any statistics , so take it for whatever it 's worth . 
  i assume it will be the same in romania . 
  if anybody is planning to change his os , i can assure you that switching to trisquel is not a good idea , unless you know what you are doing . 
  it 's endorsed by the fsf because they do not offer any proprietary software . 
  want to use nvidia 's proprietary driver for your video card ? 
  nope , not offered in the repositories , you should install it yourself . 
  from that list i would recommend linux mint , as it is the most user friendly . 
  there are several mint flavors that one can choose from , depending on the desktop environment . 
  this list could have been better and still foss friendly if it was n't for the massive amount of fsf dick-sucking . 
  the only parties that care about citizens ' privacy and governmental transperancy in the european parliament are the greens and the pirate parties ( that i know of ) . 
  everybody else is obsessed with national security and terrorists hurr durr . 
  just saying . 
  yep , obama and william hague . 
  i meant the one linked by op, 
  the next time somebody asks you :  `` why should i care about all this spying bullshit when i have nothing to hide ? '', 
  then just link to this article . 
  a perfect illustration of how innocent lives have been ruined . 
  and make special notice of this paragraph :  if the state is prepared to abuse its powers and instruments so widely and gravely in cases such as this , where there is a high risk of detection , and if it is prepared to intrude so far into people 's lives that its officers live with activists and father their children , what is it not prepared to do while spying undetectably on our private correspondence ? 
   we operate under the rule of law and are accountable for it . 
  accountable to whom exactly ? 
  the latest bullshit about tapping trans-atlantic fibre-optic cables was done in complete secrecy .
