  what was once created as a delicious and rejuvenating food for the betterment of mankind might end up destroying us all . 
  bulgaria should have thought more before creating shopska salad . 
  i am aware . 
  but if you enter legally , then according to the dublin agreement other countries have no obligation to accept you . 
  hence why you might end up staying in bulgaria for a long time . 
  there 's a joke about this : the best deterrent against migrants is to place giant billboard signs across the border which list the minimum and average wages in the country . 
  do n't tell this to volen siderov . 
  he will probably demand that a russian army group arrives to protect bulgaria just in case . 
  * call the armed squads bashi-bazouks * balkan nations panic and unite again * balkan war against turkey ( second edition ) erupts ( * caution : this may end up causing ottoman empire 2 * ), 
  i 've seen worse . 
  there was a video on youtube about how some french footballers from the national team were alleged to have had sex with a teenage prostitute . 
  one of the commentators was very proud of the fact that she is of algerian origin . 
  you forgot about the thracians who were all gold miners apparently . 
  so , bulgars -- warriors and shit , ruling class . 
  slavs -- woodmaking and whatnot , very peaceful , perfect harmony , majority population of the country . 
  thracians -- a lot of gold ( basically balkan leprechauns ) . 
  yeah , for the early years before the formation there is n't much information . 
  but after that it 's pretty well known what happened . 
  mix all of that above and after centuries of fucking you get a new slavicized bulgarian ethnicity . 
  edit : at least that is what i remember from school . 
  but then again , the early bulgarian history is only taught in elementary school where everything is super simplified for obvious reasons . 
  the real story is obviously much more complicated . 
  it 'd be nice if that is in the history books in later years of school in my opinion . 
  when bulgaria was founded in the 7th century , there were three main ethnic groups -- bulgars , slavs and thracians , with slavs believed to be the majority . 
  then there was a lot of fucking and history and you get bulgarians . 
  very few people believe in this bs though . 
  what a lot of people believe is that the former state security ( bulgarian kgb ) is still controlling the whole country ( there 's certainly some influence , but not as much as people pretend it is ) . 
  also , luidmila zhivkova ( daughter of the long time communist leader ) was assasinated by the kgb ( could be true , would n't surprise me ) . 
  shopska salad is glorious bulgarian though and pleskavica is serbian . 
  but the pleskavica shown here was very small , they are usually gigantic . 
  traffic laws are only for people who ca n't drive and foreigners . 
  i am an excellent driver and i know better than everybody else on the road , so i get do whatever i want . 
  -- bulgarian driver 's logic . 
  i hope you are not trying to push the idea that anybody who downvotes this snarky reply is from that sub . 
  i am certainly not a poster there , nor have i ever read it , but i downvoted the mod 's posting because it completely evaded my criticism for the reason as to why the armenian genocide should not be denied . 
  i generally value your posts in this sub and i hope you can see that denying the armenian genocide is not allowed under a false pretext as according to the mods . 
  this is what i was trying to explain in my comment . 
  obligatory : anybody who browses my posting history will see that i am no fan of the ottoman empire , nor of the turkish government . 
  i accept the fact that the armenian genocide has occurred and i personally have armenian bulgarian friends who ended up in bulgaria because of these events . 
  however , i find the idea that you should not be able to deny the genocide absolutely disgusting . 
  i 've been posting here for years . 
  this has never been written in the rules . 
  i 've never seen anybody deny the holocaust here . 
  i 've seen several posters with turkish flairs who have denied the armenian genocide though . 
  they certainly were not justifying xenophobia , nor racial hatred . 
  i felt like the posters did n't want to believe this actually occurred because it would be too embarrassing to admit it . 
  plus , i do n't think the turkish government is properly educating its citizens on the matter obviously , so it 's not like anybody who denies it is doing this with malicious intentions . 
  cool , thanks . 
  i realise modding this sub can be a pain in the ass and takes a lot of work . 
  anyway , i think the most transparent sub when it comes to moderation is / r/anarchism . 
  they have a separate sub called / r/metanarchism where they discuss everything about moderation and have transparency logs . 
  by the looks of it , the transparency logs are automated . 
  just a suggestion if you decide this is worth the effort . 
   we 've also not been very transparent in our modding here . 
  we 've not kept you very onboard with the changes to modding policies . 
  that 's a large reason for updating the rules in the sidebar . 
  we thnk that all users will enjoy themselves more if they are more aware of what is going on behind the scenes , and so hopefully this is a sign that we are very willing to do that . 
  talking about transperency of modding , is there some sort of way to see what gets deleted/hidden from the sub ? 
  i have seen some threads disappear from the sub frontpage with no explanation given whatsoever . 
   additionally , holocaust denial ( of either the 1915 armenian genocide or the 1941-5 holocaust of the jews , homosexuals , the disabled , jehovah 's witnesses , etc. ), 
  is completely unacceptable . 
  the holocaust does n't refer to the armenian genocide . 
  do you mean genocide in general ? 
  or only those two ? 
  the problem that the bulgarian finance minister is talking about is that companies in bulgaria ( and ireland and cyprus ) which are trading with greece are automatically assumed to be evading tax according to new legislation in greece . 
  hence , a tax of 26 % is imposed , instead of the usual 10 % tax which they would pay otherwise . 
  the 16 % difference will only be subtracted once it is proven the company is not evading tax . 
  that 's what he is complaining about . 
  personally , i think this is the wrong way to handle tax evasion . 
  there are plenty of legit companies trading with greece which should not be subjected to this . 
  now this is creating trouble for them as well . 
  this article is badly written . 
  the problem is that with new legislation in greece , companies in bulgaria , ireland and cyprus which are making some transactions between them and greece are presumed to be evading tax and are taxed at the rate in greece 26 % . 
  they will be taxed at the normal rate only if it is proven they are not evading tax . 
  basically this is what understood from the same article , but in bulgarian . 
  tl ; dr transactions between companies in bulgaria . 
  ireland and cyprus are guilty of tax evasion until proven otherwise and taxed at the rate in greece until proven otherwise . 
  edit : [ press release from ministry of finance ] ( http://www.minfin.bg/en/pubs/1/8920 ) . 
  there 's a link to a pdf which is the sent letter ( english on pages 2 and 3 ) . 
  do n't put words into my mouth , alright ? 
  i have n't said any of those stuff . 
  i just explained why there are illegal migrants and how they are a very minor problem for bulgaria at best . 
  if the free market is as great as you say , then maybe we should remove all of those nasty restrictions for the citizens as well , so that they can enrich their lives also . 
   in particular their children will bring a lot of change to this country which we so desperately need . 
  wtf are you talking about ?!, 
  if the migrants enter the country illegally , they are not much of a problem for bulgaria to be honest . 
  nobody wants to stay here , so they will just carry on with their journey towards western europe . 
  it then becomes a problem for other countries . 
  however , if the migrants enter country legally , that is through a border checkpoint , then as per the dublin agreement , they get to stay in glorious bulgaria . 
  hence the illegal attempts of crossing the border . 
  leave a comment under the article and ask the author . 
  he 's responded to most comments . 
  both to varying degrees . 
  we do not talk about azis . 
  probably , but you do n't top the scoreboards like we do . 
  i know , that 's why i am bitching about it . 
  the more correct version of the saying is : `` it does n't matter if i am well , what matters more is that vute ( my neighbour/friend/whatever ) is worse off than me . '', 
  i have always wondered where this comes from . 
  anyway , this saying kinda shows why people like to complain so much . 
  i was looking for that one , thanks !,
