  i am very well aware of what happened and i have nowhere suggested what you are insinuating . 
  some mods fucked up , some other mods decided to clean up their mess . 
  if you read the posted comments here , you will see that metaleks does n't know why theskynet removed one of the threads and acknowledges the fuck up . 
  so basically , there are so many people who do n't like that guy , that even mentioning his name gets you automatically censored , until further approval . 
  nobody sees a problem with that ? 
  / u/theskynet said the first and most popular thread was removed for `` gaming reddit '' with no further comment since then . 
  now a different story is presented ( racist comments ) . 
  in two of the other removed threads i did n't see any racism , it was mostly people bitching about moderation . 
  sorry , but this just stinks of bias . 
  some of the mods did n't like the story and how it was being discussed , so instead of removing offending comments , the entire threads were removed . 
  so is this the final story now ? 
  when the first thread was removed it was for `` gaming reddit '' as according to theskynet . 
  the other three were removed with no explanation given whatsoever . 
  this is pretty bad fuck up as far as transparency goes , especially when one of the mods was recently saying that you always leave a post explaining why a thread is removed . 
  also , this policy of removing entire threads for containing racists comments is ridicolous . 
  just remove the comments themselves . 
  otherwise , anybody who does n't like some story would be able to remove it from the sub by just creating new accounts and writing racist comments . 
  this is assuming that the mods would treat this objectively and by this point i am sure they wo n't . 
  are you trying to say the intellectuals deserved to be executed for not doing enough ? 
  this is a stunning revelation . 
  previously i was unable to figure this one out . 
  i only knew that the soviet union occupied bulgaria and in the first two weeks of the occupation over 15 000 people primarily from the intelligentsia were murdered while the communists came to power . 
  now i can finally connect the dots . 
  the one you are linking to was removed as well . 
  actually , two threads were removed . 
  the first one for [ `` gaming reddit '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32trxv/italian_police_migrants_threw_christians/cqeqta3 ) , the [ second one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32u478/italy_muslims_immigrants_accused_of_throwing/ ) with no explanation . 
  btw , this thread was just removed as well . 
  no explanation given . 
  there is an explanation given which is exactly [ `` hi this post was removed for gaming reddit . '', 
  from theskynet . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32trxv/italian_police_migrants_threw_christians/cqeqta3 ) not exactly a bastion of transparency . 
  and now this thread was removed as well . 
  it was removed for `` gaming reddit '' . 
  no further explanation is given currently . 
  what do you mean ? 
  this act fits all three of your criteria . 
  fear was certainly created because 150 people were murdered , 500 injured . 
  political goals are obvious -- this was done by the communist party . 
  nobody is retarded enough to believe that civilians wo n't be attending a funeral service , so their safety was disregarded as well . 
  they were meant to spread freedom to the proletariat !, 
  [ the commemorative plaque ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_nedelya_church_assault#/media/file:sign_outside_old_church_in_sofia,_bulgaria_september_2005.jpg ) was of course nowhere to be seen during communist times . 
  for the curious , the bottom is not translated . 
  it means `` may god forgive them . '', 
  it was the biggest terrorist attack in the world at the time and remained as such for a number of years . 
  well , we do , this guy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/simeon_saxe-coburg-gotha, 
  this is a good move . 
  it decreases vendor lock-in and gives more control to the government of its it infrastructure . 
  it will probably be way cheaper in the end as well . 
  android is using the linux kernel , but other than that , it is very different from traditional gnu/linux distributions . 
  there 's chromeos which i personally think is complete crap , but that 's selling well i think . 
  your son is taken away from you and forced to work for the empire . 
  he and his parents do n't have a choice . 
  your son is given the legal status of a slave . 
  this is literally child slavery , no matter how you try to downplay it . 
  bonus points : your son is also converted to islam , which is even worse for christian parents . 
  as for the rest of your post , you are missing a very simple point -- oppressed people will still hate you even if you are oppressing them less compared to what could be otherwise . 
  i am not the one being crazy here , you are . 
  i am not denying or downplaying the fact that many turks died during the dissolution of the ottoman empire . 
  but look at what you are doing in this thread . 
  you are blaming the armenian genocide `` mostly on kurds '' , you are downplaying the centuries of cruelty , massacres and oppression that the ottoman empire has caused on the balkans , you are building some sort of strawman about reparations , you are suggesting turkey should receive reparations from the balkan states and you are also suggesting that the hatred of the ottoman empire is based purely on religious grounds . 
  all of this is completely ridiculous . 
  well , christians in the ottoman empire were second class citizens and they were subjected to pretty nasty forms of taxation , one of them being child slavery . 
  seems like the hatred was pretty well justified . 
   the man does have a point . 
  by contemporary standards ( 14th-15th-16th-17th centuries ) the turks were somewhat lenient conquerors . 
  things got ugly in the region only when their empire declined and nationalism appeared . 
  certainly not by the contemporary standards of the balkan people living in the ottoman empire though . 
  they hated the ottoman empire and there were frequent rebellions . 
   nobody destroyed your culture its still there . 
  ottoman empire did horrible things but they were were good to the minorities compared to their time . 
  you cant just simply think with your 21st century logic . 
  well , in that case i 'd like to thank the ottoman empire for oppressing the balkans less compared to another hypothetical empire that could have conquered it instead . 
  the relations are certainly souring when a parliamentary commision is looking into ww2 war reparations and coming up with such numbers . 
  so since there is no intention of taking this to court , we go back to my initial point -- this is all done for cheap political points , primarily aimed at voters ( populism ) . 
  i honestly do not see how this can be used as leverage against germany in negotiations since the prospect of getting anything out of them are extremely slim . 
  alright , in that case the greek side can insist on settling this in court . 
  there 's a decent chance germany will agree to do it anyway as they have a solid legal basis for their case , so that this will finally get resolved . 
  however , as far as i know , nobody on the greek side is seriously considering the possibility of taking this to court anyway . 
  it 's all just talk to score political points in my opinion . 
  obviously , the german parliament wo n't be convinced by the analysis of some greek parliamentary commission that they need to cough up 278 billion euro . 
  the only other way of collecting the money is through international court . 
  if this is not on the table , then this is just populism . 
   someone trying to cash in on old unpaid debts when money is tight ? 
  how is that surprising ? 
  and why should germany not be criticized for trying its best to weasel out of paying its debt ? 
  the german government disagrees that debts are unpaid . 
  as i said , settle it in international court once and for all . 
  this is the civilized way of doing things . 
  everything else is cheap political pr . 
   what would you think would be the overwhelming reaction of this subreddit if greece told their creditors to take it to international court ? 
  i do n't care , because this is something which will never happen . 
  he was n't gay for macedonians though . 
  if the greek government actually has a case , settle it in international court once and for all . 
  but that 's too time consuming and money is needed now , not 10 years later , so now we have to listen to populist bullshit with crazy figures . 
  there are no slavic macedonians . 
  all of them descended directly from alexander the great 's balls . 
  only if you forfeit all of your salads to us . 
  this video is complete bullshit . 
  the wall is affecting only illegal migrants . 
  if you want to cross the border legally , then you need to go through a border checkpoint and you can seek asylum there .
