  seriously , fuck that , this shit was not seen in the balkans even during the time of the ottoman empire . 
  my heart warms up every time i see the bulgarian ~ ~ socialist ~ ~ communist party embarassed . 
  the eu elections provided me quite an entertainment , but this is even better . 
  some people in the leadership will have to return a lot of rubles back to putin now . 
  oh and btw , this project made no economic sense whatsoever . 
  i am glad that it is on halt , because the whole thing was just detrimental for the country . 
  and when these far-left cunts destroy all of the fascists they will just disband , go home and wo n't attack any of their political oponents that disagree with them and anybody who they determine is an `` enemy of the people '' . 
  outsider perspective here . 
  if [ these ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/26izkb/spains_socialist_leader_throws_in_the_towel_after/chrkt2h ) are their actual promises ( taken from a thread from yesterday ) , then it 's pretty obvious that these people are just the worst kind of left-wing populists . 
  it would be pretty impressive if they could pull off a single bullet point from that list , but in this time of economic crisis you can just forget about it . 
  i was actually pretty disgusted with a particular populist party in my country here that gained some serious traction , but holy shit , this is even worse . 
  if somebody promised me all that in bulgaria i would just disregard it as populist nonsense that will never be implemented even if they got a majority in parliament . 
  then you should probably watch the video . 
  their nazi radars are not very accurate and they are beating up non-nazis both by accident and deliberately . 
  i will support you by signing an online petition . 
  thank you for letting me know mah_niggard . 
  no , because far left is far from those evil conservatives that want to ruin your life . 
  so i am a bulgarian student in the uk . 
  to me , it looks like the `` progressive '' solution ( yelling racism , calling people stupid and ignoring their concerns ) that people think will keep the uk in the eu is n't working . 
  how about actually sitting down , doing some work , listening to people 's concerns and maybe reforming the eu ? 
  the euroskeptics have 25 % of the seats . 
  they can now sabotage the work of the eu parliament much more effectively and will gain more media exposure than before . 
  the anti-eu demands can not be ignored any more , it will only get worse if they are . 
  reform is badly needed or the eu is headed towards collapse . 
  reddit told me that left is good and so i concluded far left is very good . 
  but that would be too expensive , whereas this measure will be barefy felt by anyone , yet appease some voters . 
  quality balkan engineering or just pure luck , not sure . 
  when all else fails , start talking about pedophiles . 
  that 's how to fuck the internet 101 . 
  yet , microsoft was n't broken up and german minister wants to do so for google . 
  these kinds of measures should n't be applied selectively . 
  you either break both monopolies or you dont . 
  i do n't know what you mean by pushing linux . 
  the eu is not pushing linux at all as far as i know . 
  the only fines that microsoft has incurred from the eu that i know of are precisely because they are a monopoly ( ie being bundled with windows and leveraging that against competitors ) . 
  i do n't know , they are doing pretty well with the whole openstack thing . 
  i do n't have high hopes for ubuntu mobile though . 
   that 's united states ... europe : http://returnonnow.com/internet-marketing-resources/2013-search-engine-market-share-by-country/ if it ca n't work without a server , then it 's a service which you interact with via a client . 
  also , a lot of cad software is only available on windows , so if you need such software , then you are stuck . 
   but it 's not up to them what tracker other companies install , which you need if you want some kind of comparison and look the bigger picture . 
  well , it 's also not up to a company what office suites others are using and with whom you need to exchange documents . 
  so , similiarly , you are fucked if they go with ms office . 
   people are using search engines mainly google these days to find businesses . 
  want your business to be found ? 
  make sure you rank good on google . 
  do n't forget other search engines . 
  google holds 67 % of the market ( opposed to over 90 % of desktop operating systems for microsoft ) . 
  http://searchenginewatch.com/article/2307115/google-fails-to-gain-search-market-share-bing-steals-from-yahoo  so skydrive is a service and word is n't ? 
  where exactly is the difference ? 
  if microsoft 's servers die , skydrive is useless . 
  you can use word long after microsoft dies . 
   developing for linux is up to the software company , installing trackers on websites out there is not up to microsoft . 
  that 's a flawed analogy . 
  it 's up to the company to decide whether to offer their product on linux . 
  it 's also up to the website which tracker to install . 
  i work in a department of computer science in a univesity . 
  all of the academic staff are writing documents in latex which has perfect cross-platform support . 
  the admin staff are using ms office and as a result when we need to fill in forms and other bs we still have to fire up ms office . 
  sadly , libre office is not reliable for editting and properly rendering documents in . doc and . docx . 
  but this reqires me to literally click three times in firefox , so that i change all future searches . 
  it 's too hard :(, 
  that was just a pr move to justify them moving their efforts away from the desktop and towards cloud / mobile . 
   running office on your tablet is not-very constructive ? 
  doing research with your tablet browser ? 
  no it ' not , because you do everything much slower . 
  tablets are still not as productive as desktops for the vast majority of use cases . 
  i and all of my colleagues do our work on workstations . 
  i have a tablet and i use it to check my email account and read some sites while i am in bed and to read pdfs . 
   this is a valid concern for many , though still by far the minority of users i believe . 
  it 's not going to drive the market . 
  and it will be a sad day if most stuff are done in the cloud . 
   by the way , is there any serious open source option for a hosted office suite ? 
  i do n't think there is anything with the quality of what google doc offers . 
  https://prism-break.org/en/ offers some alternatives though . 
   moving away from google when doing seo is impossible . 
  i still do n't see why . 
   if you are a phd student you are already using office for much more than the average home user out there . 
  that is relevant how exactly ? 
  i was just saying that you ca n't move away from ms office even when i am mostly working with latex . 
  it 's much harder for other people . 
  that was the entire point . 
   you mean like ie is competing with firefox and chrome ? 
  yet i have the choice to use all of them on windows . 
  those are not services . 
  apples to oranges . 
   90 % of the population is not using bing , so they ca n't offer me the same as google . 
  also just check reddit : do they have a google tracker ? 
  yes . 
  do they have a bing tracker ? 
  now you can guess which webmaster tools will offer me better information . 
  so you can easily move away from google , but you do n't want to , because they cover a bigger part of the market ( i.e. 
  track more people ) . 
  same reason why many companies do n't offer their product for linux / macosx , windows just dominates the market . 
  your examples of openstreet map and skydrive are really irrelevant . 
  you can run both on your desktop and phone/tablet and in your browser . 
  what 's the problem exactly ? 
  that they do n't appear on top of a google search ? 
  smartphones and phones do n't cover many use cases . 
  not everybody uses computers to check their email and facebook account . 
   according to the forbes article linked by / u/waz _ met_jou , the market share had already dropped to 80 % in 2013 .
