  we would be kicking them out as invoking such an article is independent of the actions of their elites . 
  because this would increase euroskepticism even more , all over the eu . 
  it would be seen as the eu kicking out the uk ( which it legally is ) , whereas otherwise you have the uk leaving on its own . 
  currently it is not clear whether the british government would respect the results of the referendum . 
  the eu can not do anything legally to force the uk to invoke article 50 . 
  they can only bitch about it and exert political pressure . 
  the only other way to kick the uk out is by invoking another article which requires the unanimous consent of all member states to kick the uk out which is obviously not happening . 
  so it is up to the uk to decide when they leave or if they are going to pull any tricks and ignore the referendum result . 
   but mr tusk said this was `` not a moment for hysterical reactions '' . 
  that 's pretty rich coming from tusk who said 10 days ago that [ brexit could destroy western political civilisation . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36515680 ), 
  what division are those clubs playing at ? 
  also  i was standing a good distance away but i heard the fart loud and clear . 
  must have been a good fart . 
  [ why not both ? 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/feb/09/french-law-blocking-terrorist-and-child-abuse-sites-comes-into-effect ) in terms of draconian measures , child pron legislation is way ahead of everything else in pretty much every country . 
  these guys are amateurs . 
  the way you push these things is by throwing in child porn into the legislation . 
  then it becomes almost impossible to argue against or even ask questions . 
  terrorism alone rarely cuts it these days . 
  i just hope we are not over peak butthurt yet . 
  i believe in erdogan , he can top this . 
  corbyn has been shitting on the eu for thirty years . 
  that 's why he is so quiet these days . 
  it will be way too easy for his opponents to remind people of that . 
  he started singing a different song these days only because he became leader of the labour party . 
  year of the linux desktop is always $ current_year +1 . 
  that 's the joke at least . 
  source : linux user since 2008 . 
  you ignored it in your first post , which is why i replied ( and this is what i said in my last post ) . 
  as for the catchphrase , do n't forget that next time someone points out a correlation which you do n't like you should refrain from using it ( happens all the time here when immigrants are discussed ) . 
  i have taken no offense whatsoever , that 's in your imagination . 
  that 's a well-known fact , not merely a catchphrase . 
  plus , i showed you another major political event -- the establishment of nato . 
  you can not ignored it as per your own admission , which is exactly what you did in your first comment . 
  you also have no idea what my political views are regarding the eu . 
  my point is not that nato guarantees peace , but that correlation does not imply causation . 
   do you also think that our peace is a coincidence ? 
  no , it 's just that i do not attribute it to the eu solely . 
  using the same kind of logic , i can simply claim that peace is due to nato which was established years earlier before the european union was a spermatozoid in the testicles of its founders . 
  it ca n't be a coincidence after all . 
   what do you do if someone insults you in real life ? 
  you lash out and hit them - about which in many countries the law protects the attacker because of the provocation ( source : my ass : / ) in many countries , you can get arrested for assault ( and possibly spend jail time ) . 
  so no , the law does not protect the attacker at all . 
   when we removed it , there were n't though . 
  we removed articles from yahoo and low quality newspapers . 
  i think we can agree that this story is big so we waited for a reliable news source ( like the independent ) to report on it before allowing the thread . 
  there was one post from independent.co.uk which was removed , because it was `` local news '' . 
  as you said , the independent is a reliable news source , so op 's criticism is accurate . 
  it was only allowed after independent.ie was posted that it stopped being local news somehow . 
  seeing that the newly elected president has stirred up major shit , i was thinking that these idiots would go into damage control mode and shut up for a while . 
  apparently , they are completely delusional . 
  this asinine motion that they passed would encourage even more universities to disaffiliate . 
  i didnt know what you were complaining about so i provided some context . 
  as for who is caring , it is pretty clear that nobody gives a shit , progressives included , because nothing gets done about this . 
  that depends on the editorial policy of the media organisation . 
  for example , the bbc always says migrants when it is talking about people who are just entering europe . 
  the guardian usually says refugees for example . 
  other news outlets have different policies . 
  this clearly leads to much confusion when reading the news . 
  this is what is being referred to btw : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-32337725 it was major news when it happened . 
  government on that scale is simply unimaginable . 
  the current government barely represents or understands the needs of my people . 
  electing some buerocrats from western europe sure as hell wo n't improve that . 
  that 's not a particular governmental policy ... 
  i thought you were referring to the work requirements . 
  after joining the eu , bulgarian and romanian citiziens are the only two eu countries which need to apply for a work permit in order to work in the uk . 
  what kind of other discrimination is there that i am not aware of ? 
   bulgarians have also faced racist discrimination when they came to the uk after bulgaria joined the eu ( ` taking all our jobs ' etc ) . 
  a fine example of how racism is a terribly overused word . 
  i am bulgarian and i am living in the uk and no , i do not have a work permit . 
  i would love to get one and earn some money by being a teaching assistant ( am a doctoral student ) . 
  however , i refuse to play the victim game and claim that i am being terribly discriminated on based on `` race '' , as some of my friends here do . 
  i guess ethnic bulgarians are of the same race as british people ( white ) . 
  but then again this policy is towards bulgarian citizens which include ethnically turkish and roma people among others . 
  maybe some bulgarian citizens of anglo-saxon decent are discriminated against too . 
  it 's clearly not about race or ethnicity , it 's just politics . 
  we , bulgarians , regardless of race or ethnicity , are poorer and we will take your jobs , do n't make any mistake about it . 
  this is , for the time being , a very sensible policy as far as british interests are concerned . 
  i am not complaining , because i can still get a job after graduating . 
  it 's just a little harder for me because i need to be highly qualified . 
  i would also support similar immigration laws in my country . 
  as a non-brit living there - this is the bane of my existence . 
  i still do n't understand why people would want that shit . 
   and since it seems to be impossible to have ownership of history at all , i think there is no such a thing , and everyone can claim whatever they want . 
  yeah , sure . 
  i suppose you are also ok with the holocaust deniers ? 
  also stop embarassing yourself . 
  you obviously have very little knowledge of history . 
   so it 's really more like , some people that lived on the territory that is today bulgaria , revolted some time in the 19th century , they did n't know what else to call themselves so they grabbed the name `` bulgaria '' , and with it claimed some history as their own . 
  that does not mean they have ownership over that history , only that they claim it . 
  that 's just plain fucking retarded . 
   why the fuck is bulgaria in the eu ? 
  because nobody vetoed it 5 years ago . 
   bulgaria lost wwii and the ussr decided to solve the `` macedonian issue '' by `` appointing '' a macedonian state within yugoslavia with the `` approval '' of the bulgarian communist party . 
  kinda relevant actually http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=macedonia ( top definition ), 
  the country is even poorer than bulgaria , which is the poorest country in the eu . 
  you obviously do n't know what you are talking about . 
  this has never even been brought up . 
  moreover , the state of macedonia did not even exist back then , so there was no macedonia back then to begin with .
