  borisov 's party ( gerb ) actually won the most votes on the election anyway . 
  they could n't form a government because nobody wanted to enter a coalition with them . 
  i can assure you that hardly anybody who is protesting now has ever voted for the two parties which are now forming the government . 
  most of the protesters will either vote for the reformist block or gerb . 
  a non-coalition government is not possible . 
  personally , my hope and many of my friends hope is for the next government to be gerb + reformist block . 
  my source is personally having seen both sets of protests . 
  much more people are protesting now ( at least in sofia ) . 
  as for the elderly folks , do n't worry , they will join as soon as winter comes and they receive their heating bill . 
  i also recall at least one self-immolation attempt in the middle of the street which was interrupted by a policeman during this government , so that 's covered as well . 
  gerb + reformist block . 
  that is what should come next . 
  even when gerb alone was in power the protests paled in comparisson to what is hapenning now . 
  to put it even more shortly -- anything other than the current government will get more popular support . 
  if we are to exclude the syria crisis , then there are hardly any immigrants coming into bulgaria . 
  greece , italy and other southern european states have * much * bigger immigrant problems than we do . 
  if we decide to consider the syria crisis , then the number of immigrants who entered bulgaria is less than 10 000 since the crisis started . 
  still not that big of a problem compared to italy and greece . 
  tear gas has never been fired in 150 days . 
  there have been some baton incidents , but they are basically isolated . 
  the protests are very peaceful and that 's why they are not reported in outside media -- no violence , not interesting . 
  the government 's approval rating is below 20 % now and there have n't been such big protests for a long long time . 
  obviously they need to resign . 
  the guy who was appointed for security chief did resign . 
  other than that , the main goal of the protests is for the whole government to resign , but that has not happened . 
  the communist mind can not comprehend things like peaceful protests , so i think they will only resign when the protests become less peaceful . 
   it 's just unemployed people or students in general taking coffee breaks all day long . 
  that 's complete bs . 
  also , the interior minister lied about the origin of the information initially . 
  this government is absolute crap . 
  somebody obviously leaked information so that cunt can run away and resign before charges were raised . 
  now he 's somewhere on a hot beach in a country with no extradition laws i suppose . 
  also , by spying on everybody you will be spying on future leaders as well . 
  what is now a 16 year old girl , 20 years later might be the next merkel . 
  also , what 's the point of a deal anyway ? 
  the usa is already breaking all kinds of domestic and international laws . 
  this will just be yet another law to ignore . 
  and who is going to keep the usa accountable ? 
  they already do n't respect the jurisdiction of the international court of justice . 
  lol , that 's what i meant . 
  nobody is immigrating into bulgaria and sending money out to other countries ( bulgaria is pretty poor , also tough immigration laws ) . 
  it is bulgarian people working in richer countries sending money back to bulgaria ( primarily to relatives and spending it home when they get back ) . 
  does n't mean the person who was accused of being a daily mail reader actually is one though.in any case , that guy was just pulling off an ad hominem , there 's not much point in discussing what he said . 
  then , he did another ad hominem with the islamophobia . 
   i was also under the impression that economic migrants were sending very large sums of their money back to their home countries , thus taking what they 've earned out of the british economy and placing it in another . 
  can definitely confirm this is happening for bulgaria . 
  i would be really surprised if my country and other poor eastern-european countries are engaged in such surveillance . 
  our intelligence agencies are pretty underfunded and as a result very inadequate . 
  not to mention that if it were to be ever revealed that we were engaged in spying on germany / uk / usa / other-more-politically-influential-country we would get our asses handed to us . 
  so being engaged in such spying is just downright retarded . 
  do you have any evidence btw ? 
  i do n't know , maybe the nsa was just trying to make sure she is not a terrorist . 
  no biggie . 
  there was no point in widespread surveliance to detect fascism anyway . 
  i mean , hitler wrote a book explaining his ideas and shit , there were big ass nazi rallies all over the place , jews and political oponents disappearing , continous and systematic erosion of civil liberties and occupation of power by one party and one man . 
  that did n't tip them off or anything ? 
  similar arguments can be made for communism as well . 
  i mean , it was pretty obvious . 
  the communists in my country were pretty open about it anyway , assassianting people here and there and [ commiting the biggest terrorist attack in history at the time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_nedelya_church_assault ) . 
  kind of hard to miss i think . 
  if somebody does n't know , the american embassy is located right next to the brandenburg gate ( like meters away ) . 
  the brandenburg gate is one of the most popular places in berlin and there are always tons of people there . 
  having been there , it 's kind of weird to imagine that such disgusting illegal surveillance can be taking place in the middle of crowded berlin . 
  i really do hope that people get prosecuted for this , but i wo n't hold my breath . 
  just want to point out that merkel did n't really care about the widespread surveliance of the german population and even downplayed it on several occasions . 
  this only became a big deal once it was revealed that she was under surveliance as well . 
  i can only reach to the conclusion that the political elite is perfectly fine with spying on the plebians , but spying on them is absolutely disgusting . 
  this article does n't even mention the dumbest thing that guy said . 
   going further , rogers claimed that the emergence of fascism in europe in the early 20th century could be partly explained by a conscious decision by the us not to monitor its allies . 
   `` we said : ` we 're not going to do any kinds of those things , that would not be appropriate , '' he said . 
  `` look what happened in the 30s : the rise of fascism , the rise of communism , the rise of imperialism . 
  we did n't see any of it . 
  and it resulted in the deaths of tens of millions of people . '', 
   rogers added : `` remember : sometimes our friends have relationships with our adversaries . '', 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/oct/27/barack-obama-nsa-angela-merkel-germany definitely the dumbest thing i have read in a while . 
  how is he not embarassed to say something like that is beyond me . 
  and that clown is actually one of the heads of intelligence legislation . 
  who the fuck votes for these people ?!, 
  ie has a ridicolously high market share in sk because there is a dumbass law requiring the use of activex in many websites . 
  that 's what you get for being stupid and buying into vendor lock-in bullshit . 
  local farmers are getting fucked hard by the monopolists in the market right now , so foreign investors are very welcome i have to say . 
   the countries who are against the admission are far more afraid of poverty immigration from those countries . 
  getting into schengen or not will not change absolutely anything about that . 
  work restrictions will be removed in 2014 and there is nothing stopping people from moving into any eu country and starting work or living or leaching on benefits there . 
  no chance in hell . 
  i envy you . 
  we are still getting fucked hard by the russians over our gas ( and general energy ) dependence on russia . 
  unfortunately , there are too many totalitarian communist cunts in my country for this thing to change any time soon ( they actually want even bigger dependence ) . 
  parliament just went full retard . 
  business as usual unfortunately . 
  i mean , somebody just has to protect the interests of the monopolists in the market , right ? 
  how exactly has national security been damaged ? 
  by exposing gchq 's crimes ? 
  i wo n't hold my breath for straightforward answers though . 
  these are the same people who were worried that foreign spy agents can point lasers at cups of water in a basement to figure out the contents of a hard drive . 
  yes , i think that dogs that have broken the law should get a fair trial in dog court in front of a jury of dogs . 
  only if found guilty should the dog go to dog prison and never be sentenced to death . 
  the whole infrastructure thing is not going to cost more than a few billion euros . 
  small price to pay for animal rights . 
   also , they think that there 's a big conspiracy against stray dogs : i 've seen blog articles claiming that the child killed by dogs was in fact murdered using attack dogs and then the stray dogs were blamed .
