  i also included it in my post . 
  i also agree with the cultural aspect . 
  keep in mind that bulgarians are probably the people who like to complain the most in the world . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  [ confirmed three times in a row by gallup ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/166076/suffering-bulgaria-armenia-highest-worldwide.aspx ) :  for the third year in a row , bulgaria in 2012 once again had the negative distinction of leading the global suffering list , with 39 % of bulgarians rating their lives poorly enough to be considered `` suffering . '', 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  life here is even worse than war-torn countries such as afghanistan , iraq , syria , worse than extremely poor countries like haiti who have been destroyed by a giant earthquake , worse than countries in africa where people are starving and do n't have clean water . 
  well , according to the polled people at least . 
  there was also another article , by the economist , [ `` the rich , the poor and bulgaria '' ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/17722557 ) . 
  bulgaria was , of course , a massive outlier when comparing gdp per capita and happiness . 
  and also  `` the saddest place in the world , relative to its income per person , is bulgaria . '', 
  basically , bulgarians like to complain a lot . 
  ** a lot ** . 
  it 's like a national sport over here . 
  even when there are good news people figure out how to complain . 
  anyway rant over . 
  i just wanted to say that even though things obviously are n't all flowers over here , bulgarians are still way more pessimistic and complain than should be . 
  edit : the irony just occurred to me . 
  i am bulgarian who is complaining about how much bulgarians are complaining . 
  i think / u/naurgul explained it pretty well . 
  as a concrete example , bulgaria is the poorest eu country . 
  there are exactly two reasons why somebody would even think of starting a business in bulgaria compared to say germany -- lower taxes and lower wages . 
  everything else about starting a business here is much worse -- much more corruption , legal and bureaucratic obstacles , shit infrastructure , shit judiciary , political instability , etc. 
  if bulgaria were to get the same tax system as germany , then this would remove one of only two selling points for starting a business here , which means reduced foreign investment and that is pretty important for our economy . 
  well that is pretty funny . 
  i imagine the same thing happening over here after the judicial reform ~ ~ finishes ~ ~ ~ ~ gets started ~ ~ maybe begins eventually possibly . 
  what 's diicot and who is alina bica ? 
  sorry , am clueless . 
  i hate isis , but i watch their videos every now and then as well . 
  it 's just curiosity . 
  get a glass of water ? 
  i do n't know . 
  oh boy , i ca n't wait to hear the response from the putin asslicker `` nationalists '' . 
  greece is getting the same amount of help as bulgaria when it comes to syrian refugees . 
  big difference is that nobody over here is trying to extort the eu over that though . 
  all this time i was thinking it was local ukranian men who found some assault rifles and armored vehicles in their grandmothers ' farms . 
  that was just damage control after she fucked up . 
  i am pretty sure this is some bullshit you are imagining or severely exaggerating . 
  i 've been a student in the uk for over 4 years now btw . 
   ukip.txt the most inconvenience ukip has caused me is having to listen to other bulgarians bitch about ukip , usually in extreme exaggerations . 
  also , getting your child converted to islam , which most christians believe means going to hell for an eternity . 
  also , your kid will have the legal status of a slave with no possibility of leaving this prestigious jedi order . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  if you converted to islam you would n't be a second class citizen anymore . 
  [ some people did so ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomaks ) . 
  nah , even then it was a shithole for the conquered peoples at least . 
  with friends like these , who needs enemies ? 
  in eastern europe labour day is very politicised . 
  it is commonly associated with the old communist regimes because celebrating it back then was organised by the government with big marches and whatnot . 
  as a result , many people hate it . 
  at least that 's the case in bulgaria , but i imagine it 's the same in other ee countries . 
  plus , today its easter in some countries and this is definitely a way bigger deal for the vast majority of people . 
  yet the mods decided to sticky the labour day thread and not easter . 
  i am guessing this might piss off some eastern europeans . 
  personally , i do n't give a shit , but i know that 's how a lot of people think . 
  just my 0.05 stotinki . 
  muslims in bulgaria are mostly turks and they did n't give a shit about any of the charlie hebdo cartoons . 
  i would imagine it 's the same in turkey . 
  so what the fuck is wrong with erdogan ? 
  that guy is just going full retard . 
  i just do n't understand . 
   `` male staff sit in one room and the session is simultaneously broadcast to female staff in another part of the school , '' he said . 
  appropriate use of fairly modern technology for pretty backwards purposes . 
  there are no muslim extremists in bulgaria , excluding this one shady mosque that we are talking about and it is debatable how extreme they are . 
  pomaks are ethnic bulgarians who had converted to islam way back during the days of the ottoman empire . 
  their native language is bulgarian and they do n't speak turkish , but they follow islam . 
  there 's plenty of roma muslim in bulgaria , but the vast majority of them follow the same kind of islam that the turks do . 
  they are barely religious and do n't give much fucks about islam . 
  these people in pazardzhik are literally the only exception that i know of . 
  i have never heard of anybody else wearing a full-face veil in bulgaria outside of that town . 
  and that only happened very recently . 
  the problem comes from the local mosque which is extremist and it has been investigated for that and for connections to saudi arabia . 
  i think the investigation and the court cases failed , but there 's been a lot of shady shit reported about that one mosque in the media . 
  i mean , if it happens in literally only one place in the entire country , then clearly something is up there . 
  maybe not illegal , but something is definitely up . 
   and that 's criticism . 
  which you consider ridiculous . 
  what kind of logic is this ? 
  banning people is also `` doing things '' . 
  so i must consider `` doing things '' ridiculous as well then ? 
  again , stop putting words into my mouth , this is becoming very annoying . 
   ... and how exactly would you label that issue , if not `` free speech '' ? 
  you have explicitly pointed out in one of your posts that `` free speech means that the government ca n't prosecute you for your shitty views , unless they 're shitty enough to be worthy of it '' . 
  now you are flat out contradicting yourself . 
   greer was criticized and then nothing happened . 
  you consider this `` ridiculous '' . 
  no , the ridiculous part is people feeling entitled to ban her as i explicitly wrote . 
  yet another misrepresentation of my words . 
   well , we 'll have to disagree on that , and so did the university . 
  christ church is a college , not a university . 
  and they did n't disagree with that , they banned it because of `` little time to address security concerns '' . 
  nice try at yet another misdirection . 
   we 're in a thread that literally has free speech in the title . 
  sorry for assuming that somehow , your post about whether people should be given a platform to speak could be connected to that in any way . 
  your apology is accepted . 
  it is important to read what people are writing . 
  as i have said multiple times , my beef is with students who want to ban and disrupt discussions and debates because they do not like certain ideas . 
   so you 're suggesting freedom from criticism ? 
  how the hell did you come up with that ? 
   that was not a reasonable debate about abortion , that was two men arguing about `` abortion culture '' , organized by a pro life society .
