  do you really believe criminal charges for spanking are more serious issue in the russian society than wife beating ? 
  pleased to meet you, 
  http://svoboda.fm/images/stories/photoreport/resized/265/1218122603_080807_fal2.jpg ), 
  thank you for explaining it , i was thoroughly confused . 
  even after this instagram link i was n't sure op did n't mean his general attitude or something . 
  . . because they wanted to destabilize because ... ? 
  because it was what witches do ? 
  how exactly do you overthrow a guy using 5 billions of aid ? 
  do you pile it in a truck and threaten to pit him under it ? 
  what 's an illegitimate joke ? 
  does uncle vova forbids you to tell it ? 
  you would have a bitchy man over good woman ? 
  how typical . 
  russia , without any doubt . 
  chechnya , georgia , ukraine , syria . 
  all wars were very harmful to civilians and filled with lies about it . 
  even the fact that you compare russia and us suggests that us were much more honest and open about their military campaigns . 
  russia would n't kill thousands of civilians because their side would win ? 
  ca n't battle this logic . 
  no way , damp teabag maybe . 
  because the thing americans call coffee tastes like shit , and proper coffee is too strong . 
  tea is a hot drink that tastes good and can be drunk in plenty several times throughout the day . 
  you 're saying `` mary sue '' like it 's bad thing . 
  downvote and go on . 
  exactly . 
  it has nothing to do with moderation , it 's what people want to see . 
  i 'm not from us and i consider myself rather conservative , at least in economical issues . 
  it 's not about left or right , trump is a fucking lunatic with no sense of reality . 
  lies ca n't be policies . 
  key word is business . 
  i also come from a poor country ( ukraine ) , but million dollar is still a small amount of capital . 
  you ca n't build a factory on that money . 
  no they not . 
  some interpreters do , but it 's a special skill and not without competition . 
  if you 're living alone , it 's either a dog or a job . 
  being 17 and not an idiot is a hell of an achievement , though . 
  source : i 'm a 32 yo idiot . 
  not necessarily crazy , could be blind . 
  it looks ... like a formula 1 car . 
  not `` this a new era of formula 1 , shut up and deal with it '' , it looks like a genuine formula 1 . 
  i know the sound is still going to be shit , but i 'm fucking excited . 
  also commentary on local channels can be plain awful . 
  not circlejerk crofty-called-wrong-driver , but proper awful from people who know fuck all about formula 1 . 
  you should say thousand , it 's a higher number . 
  the original came out when nobody in russia gave a fuck . 
  this conservative trend is pretty recent , even first 5ish years of putin rule can be called liberal now . 
  do n't you think that it maybe was a political statement back then , when no animation movies had gay characters ? 
  did n't save from shitty engineering in sam michael 's period , though :(, 
  would n't be incorrect , like others have said , but it 's quite cheesy and very old fashioned . 
  not ` old school ' fashioned , but 19th century , which is too much . 
  i 'm sure he can in ukrainian ( \u0427\u0438\u0433\u0440\u0438\u043d\u0441\u044c\u043a\u0438\u0439 ) , but the thing is we have no proper latinisation system ( technically we do , but it 's total crap because it was originally designed for * russian * to be read by someone who speaks only english , that 's where abomination like zaporizhzhia comes from ) . 
  so depending on language of `` transmission '' ( ukrainian or russian ) and `` reception '' ( english , german , spanish etc ) there 's hundred ways to spell the same name . 
  personally , i 'm a fan of adopting czech/slovak system - that would be \u010cyhrynsky . 
  polish tend to overcomplicate slavic words . 
  he will race against british driver so he 's gon na be villain alright . 
  well , to be fair , he did almost the same number of laps in testing than two of them combined . 
  you assume that putin is not a nutjob . 
  the fact that dugin is not taken seriously by academics and educated middle class does not mean he is not taken seriously by your ruling class . 
  have you actually seen a pony ? 
  no way baby horse would have such massive legs ( also genitals probably ), 
  it is , geographically at least . 
  this is formula 1 you 're talking about . 
  money . 
  they could n't really keep up in mid-00s , they had zero chances with a new engine formula . 
  fucking honda ca n't do it . 
  ] ( http://podrobnosti.ua/media/pictures/2015/9/25/thumbs/740x415/probka-na-prospekte-pobedy_rect_b08e0a1f6b64cf2e02d5ad9bca4855b7.jpg ), 
  so i have a powerful and rich daddy who paid for it all . 
  unlike dozens of other rich bastards , i turned out to be quite decent in this here thing . 
  so i kinda stayed . 
  cheers . 
  the end . 
  he is credited everywhere as ` businessman ' , or ` head of state energy companies ' and he was mp in regional parliament of bashkortostan ( this where daniil was born , it 's an oil-rich region ) , but he is very non-public . 
  there 's strong rumours that he is part of mafia that is now integrated into putin 's elite . 
  the only article with some back info on him ( from 2006 ) is actually deleted now , but it 's available on one of those archive resources ( in russian ), 
  it was n't dry , it was dump . 
  humidity was high and it did n't vaporize . 
  racing line was visible until the end of the race , which means that everywhere else the grip was shit . 
   sure going off line for passing is one thing and can be more difficult, 
  that 's what i meant . 
  it did n't look like he was way out of pace from other cars , it 's just that they could use all the track and he could n't . 
  he was probably the guy who was overtaken the most , which should n't happen normally because williams is high on power and hard to follow . 
  turns out , your daddy 's not so cool now , eh ? 
  you 're not wrong but hair was just a fashion . 
  struggling for basic things when talking about hair is an exxageration . 
  there were enough food and enough clothes , most families lived in separate apartments . 
  everything was kinda shitty , though . 
  it was n't about wealth it was about being cool . 
  and yeah , looking western in 80s ussr was being cool . 
  source : grew up in the place and the time . 
  ukrainian , can confirm . 
  probably placebo effect , idk , but it does . 
  you 're supposed to do it right before you go to a warm bed , you sweat a lot at night and you wake up with a clean nose and everything , it 's like in a fucking magic book . 
  i 'm ukrainian , so i 'm obviously biased , but i also speak russian . 
  he was * extremely * rude . 
  he used singular pronoun ` you ' which is absolutely unacceptable in an official environment and he said ` look at me ' in the way it is used before a streetfight . 
  the only next thing he could do is to start swearing and calling people names . 
  40 year old guy winning rookie of the year ? 
  i 'd say he 's done pretty good . 
  ha , my time to shine ( is there other ukrainians here ? 
  i remember there was a poll a year or two ago and there were two of us ) .
