  still , he should be on the ballot for the people to decide , do n't you think ? 
   can you imagine such person to be elected in eu or us ? 
  you 're really asking ? 
  by going faster over a lap . 
  strange system , i know . 
  no you . 
  now do me . 
  he was standing outside and did n't see them . 
  also two fucking seconds after this video cuts off he sees the guy going out smiling and says `` good , somebody is smiling here '' . 
  funny how this post is exactly what it tries to criticize . 
  he 's 9 years older and has 4 f1 seasons of experience . 
  also stroll de facto took his seat at williams . 
  it 's totally justifiable . 
  hence de facto . 
  massa kept the same engineer and probably his mechanics team . 
  no you wo n't , you 're too old , tired and stupid . 
  did you driver even won yesterday ? 
  yeah , the thing is , i 'm also old , tired and stupid . 
  either hollywood standards of young have changed and i missed it , or you do n't know her age . 
  [ \u0412\u0435\u0437\u0434\u0435 ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/ca7gy6ezqdh32/giphy.gif ), 
  the content is not the onion . 
  and you will ... jerk off to it ... till eternity ? 
  i mean , what 's the real gain here ? 
  if they keep same amount of nudity while doing it , i 'd be ok with it . 
  ussr acquisitioned quite a lot of finnish territory and finland remained a neutral country during cold war , so it went alright . 
  still 151 races more than that commentator , i presume . 
  you 're supposed to say it three times . 
  funny how people two years ago said that f1 is boring and dying and all that while lmp1 is just the best fucking thing ever . 
  sort of proof from the top of google , but i remember more extreme examples, 
  all true , but the point is , 2 years is nothing . 
  everything that came into play later was already set up back then . 
  it 's fun to look back into people 's knee-jerk reactions , same as watching them now . 
  i thought we 've settled on hamsters ? 
  i see mercedes decided to scratch monaco from their memory . 
  was n't comfortable but they managed it . 
   20 years ago, 
  god fucking damn it . 
  you never get used to it , do n't you ? 
  he still wears it , get a shitload of money from the sponsor logo , though . 
  good joke mate, 
  you can block people on res . 
  but i personally would n't do it , it 's part of the experience here . 
  when next drama comes , yes . 
  until that - no fucking way . 
  those dutches and their angles ... 
  after hamilton of course, 
  did you understand what you just said ? 
  for fuck 's sake , do i need to also get a second job to compensate for a little gene thingy ? 
  yeah , i honestly doubt windows machines get past karting , sure parents ca n't afford ram/cpu for a graphic system in the kernel that [ has no job anyway . 
  and i should be in some ludicrous hotel somewhere in manhattan drinking champagne and banging models . 
  glad that you 've taken that off your shoulders and kept that juicy karma in the safe place while gambling for a little extra . 
  i 'm totally not an expert in the law of tort , but i think that generally speaking you ca n't absolve yourself from the negligence claim through any document . 
  this is kinda the point of a negligence . 
  thanks for clarification . 
  i 'm not even a lawyer but i had to pass a couple exams of english law . 
  i do n't think english law is so specific about types of negligence , my layman understanding is that you can absolve yourself from responsibility that arises from execution of the contract , but you ca n't dismiss your general duty of care contractually . 
  i do n't understand what do you mean . 
  does wars still happen at the same scale ? 
  it 's quite proportional , i 'd say . 
  look up boko haram and isis . 
  you 're saying it like it 's a bad thing . 
  i do n't see a connection between these two statements . 
  coinbase.com is for everyman , gdax is for institutions and professional trades , crypto is for all and everybody . 
  i do n't see any problem with that . 
  so that 's where the orange thing comes from . 
  it makes so much sense now . 
  probably , but only to teenagers . 
  do you really care ? 
  yeah , but they want to genocide * other * nations , so it 's not a problem . 
   30-and-up, 
   older gentlemen, 
  well , fuck you too :(, 
   most people in africa do n't have a fucking local warlord . 
  does n't people who have need help more than those who do n't ? 
  i 'm not sure giving money to a bunch of school kids in downtown nairobi is what op meant . 
  i only saw/heard that ` myth ' in relation with the middle ages , which is well within the civilisation has started timeframe . 
  nah , how about going straight to the boat ? 
  especially if he does very good and some time on the future joins ferrari which is , let 's be honest , his and definitely his father 's dream . 
  that 's too edgy , which would work good in some subreddits . 
  it 's not about lewis , it 's about mercedes . 
  mercedes in dry monza is unbeatable . 
  in wet conditions there 's always a chance . 
  by the speed of light ? 
  which is a ) universal constant b ) to high in normal conditions to bring any interference . 
  well , if you insist . 
  so what the fuck are you doing on reddit ? 
  you should be playing golf or banging a 20-yo escort girl now . 
  or having a fancy dinner with your wife , if the latter is not your thing . 
  so why pay more ? 
  both , of course . 
  that 's how being neutral works . 
  you 're never doing good from anybody 's pov , you 're universal bad guy . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i 'm talking about - you are a bad guy even from another neutral 's point of view . 
  what i like about this video is that sometimes james looks genuinely frightened of that fucking insanity in front of him . 
  also looks better , but smells worse . 
  well , in this case he is literally trying to sell a car to a guy . 
  did the author get paid per word ? 
  cause there are too many of them for such little information . 
  latin and greek words are transliterated symbol by symbol , not the way they are pronounced in english . 
   i obviously did n't know the story of the bible,
