actually , ussr in 80s , especially 2nd half , were n't any of the 4 words you used . 
  in fact , this strategy is very fitting to what was going on in those times . 
  he actually became a quite successful businessman afterwards , though it seems he has switched to a career in ioc for now . 
  who knows , judging from recent scandals , it might be a better business than a bank in ukraine which he used to co-own . 
  well , maybe that thing and probably also time turner were bit too much . 
  otherwise it 's quite relatable , dragons and house elves were especially spot on . 
  so when people hire , say , johnny depp , do they really expect somebody else ? 
  ( t ' means soft t , y as in you , last two words can be interchanged to make it closer to the original , again = snova , but keeping it this way is more organic and fittingly pompous ), 
  sdelat is alright , maga does not mean ` make ' as in `` i 'll make you do it or else '' , it 's a literal make with your hands, 
  already done by others the same way but why not, 
   how is kyiv in terms of stability and infrastructure ? 
  i 've read that the metro is unreliable due to bomb scares , is this true ? 
  if it is , how safe is the city ? 
  i 've also read that ukraine has some of the fastest internet speeds in europe , is this true ? 
  generally acceptable , details to follow in the next answers . 
  bomb scare is complete bollocks , where does it come from ? 
  there was some trouble in 2014 ( not even in kyiv ) but otherwise ukraine is probably one of the safest countries terrorism-wise in europe . 
  never have been any sorts of trouble in the metro specifically . 
  chance of muslim terrorism is 0.00 % , chance of russian/domestic is probably about the same as ira in london 2017 . 
  in terms of criminal activity , same as any other european city - do n't be a stupid foreigner in the wrong part of town at the wrong time of day and you 'll be perfectly alright . 
  you 'll probably live in a multi-storey apartment building , so yeah , you 'll get a 100mbs for $ 4 or so ( no last mile problem ) . 
   i do n't drive and in fact hate it . 
  how is the public transport around kyiv and ukraine ? 
  i 'm particularly fond of travelling by train - both metro and over ground . 
  public transport is perfectly capable to take you from a to b ( cheap ) but do not expect much else . 
  municipal transport ( bus , trolleys , tram , metro ) can be enjoyable if not at rush hour , ` marshrutka 's ( small buses , usually privately owned ) are demo version of hell on wheels . 
  try it for fun when you 're in a right mood and do n't do it ever again . 
  get an eway app , it 's quite good overall and once you know the city better you can avoid using marshrutkas almost completely ( municipal transport has gps trackers and you can be clever about your routes based on that ) . 
  metro stations are quite sparse , but otherwise it 's very simple and frequent . 
  ground train is a bit of a joke - it 's not a bad idea per se , but it just does not fit to actual city commutes ( it uses main rail network which was designed for cargos and intercity routes ) . 
   what sort of recreational activities are there ? 
  i 'm particularly interested in dinning out , theatre/opera/ballet , museums and any cafe/bar/pub culture . 
  theatres are more or less divided into dusty traditional boring establishments with provincial repertoire , and quite vibrant modern , often experimental scene . 
  language barrier would be a problem on both cases , though . 
  only 1st option for the opera , unfortunately . 
  bars are plenty , but beware that there 's no equivalent of british pub culture . 
  hard to explain , really , you 'll have to see . 
  there 's places popular among expats , but they are pricey . 
   how is shopping in kyiv ? 
  i 'm think more toward markets and small , independent shops - clothes in particular - and groceries as opposed to large shopping centres/western chains . 
  clothes are a problem - there 's no department stores at all , only ridiculously overpriced crappy boutique malls . 
  you should really consider just buying your clothes in uk . 
  markets are for asian crap , and are still overpriced . 
  i know virtually nothing about small shops , they exist but barely , you 'd have to make an effort , maybe it 's worth it , i just do n't know . 
  groceries are alright . 
  there 's couple of shitty discounters , but otherwise it 's decent in both markets and stores . 
  local produce is good and cheap , hard to guess how will it go with your taste , of course . 
   related to clothes , i 've some winter clothes - wool jumpers , coats etc , but they 've never hate to deal with anything other than a western/central european winter - probably nothing more than -4 degrees c or something . 
  how easy/affordable would it be to get proper ukrainian winter clothes in kyiv ? 
  weather with less than -5 c is a bit of novelty in the last 20 years , actually . 
  probably 10-15 days a year ( we 're having 5-ish today , for example , counting from the start of a cold weather ) . 
  just buy something like a ski jacket and you 're done . 
  it 's a city , not a fucking hut in the middle of the steppe . 
   one of the jobs i 'm applying for pays 19,233 uah/month on top of a 18,000 uah/month accommodation allowance . 
  how affordable is kyiv on this salary ? 
  that 's a strange proportion . 
  40k ( net , do inquire if it 's net or gross , there 's 18 % flat income tax , most local jobs are listed at net , but you never know ) is alright for decent life , without going to those expat pubs i mentioned earlier or strip clubs/vulgar overpriced vodka bars/whatever , and of course if you do n't plan to make any savings out of it . 
  with that total income i 'd go for a 8k-something apartment , though . 
  if it 's one bedroom , that would be very comfortable place ( well , by ukrainian standards , lifts and other shared spaces will be shit ) , close to a metro station , or it 's an ok studio in the centre . 
   i understand that the political climate is tense , does this have any impact in the way foreigners are treated ? 
  i 'm a straight , white british male , if that makes a difference . 
  no , apart from a mild amusement , you 'd be alright . 
  again , just do n't be a stupid foreigner in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  if you happen to be , just pretend you 're deaf and mute . 
  nothing about prejudice or hostility , it 's just that foreigners in kyiv are supposed to be here on a business purpose and have lots of money and a last iphone model , or why the fuck else they would be here ? 
  on the other hand , you 'll have a higher chance to score if you play it right ( same reason ) . 
   are there any schools to learn russian/ukranian ? 
  is speaking russian going to get you into trouble ? 
  no , kyiv is a russian-speaking city , it 's the moscow accent that can get you into trouble , but you wo n't have it . 
  you 'll learn some russian from your workplace , depending what it will be . 
  if you want more , there 's schools or you can just get a girlfriend - a very popular method . 
  also learn a couple of ukrainian phrases , everyone would be very pleased, 
   is there anything else it might be worth knowing as a brit wanting to work in kyiv ? 
  it 's probably better than you think , overall . 
  in the end , may turn out to be not such an adventure and be boring . 
  definitely try to get out of kyiv , you 'll get a different perspective . 
  try to make friends and go with them out of kyiv to meet their friends/relatives in the country and you 'll guaranteed to get a different perspective . 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/9e/b4/bc/9eb4bcd8d66f356d976852d8f1adbde4.jpg ), 
  sorry , i 'm a bit new to / r/politics , is it ok here to post a made-up transcript with words that were n't being said just below the link to the interview ? 
  not trying to be stubborn and pretending they know better than the market does ? 
  market , not soros , see his own quote . 
  he did n't overcome everybody through his magic jewish powers like people seem to think . 
  he just understood what the real stakes were and went all-in for the winner , thus helping the winner ( bears ) even more ( see the quote again ) . 
  but he never had power to create the situation at the first place . 
  that was boe 's doing . 
  those were sanctions mostly in financial sector , not oil embargo . 
  actually , they encouraged russia to sell more to fix the budget . 
  dubbed in english . 
  synchronisiert in deutsch . 
  you just wrote one of the stupidest things i 've read in 33 years of mine , though . 
  20 years ago i 'd say meh . 
  it 's a real classics now , with unique atmosphere and audience . 
  the track also brings some difference to the tilkedroms , i do n't mind a slow-but-not-monaco-slow track at all , it 's earned its place . 
  also , how many times you heard about piles if dust that settled overnight in singapore or russia ? 
  those are things that make f1 special . 
  i mostly used portable player ( i stopped using my aiwa player probably around 2005 , it was so fucking awesome , i skipped cd players going straight to mp3 because of it ) and i did n't have a batteries drawer . 
  battery drain was a concern , also i believed that fast rewinding puts a strain on a tape , so i rewinded with a pen a lot . 
  you 're saying it like it 's a bad thing, 
  so in your view , wives and daughters do not qualify as close relatives or what ? 
  do you really believe there 's a gender equality in terms of domestic violence in russia .
