  so when f1 mostly moved to pay tv several years ago , ukraine has been left without their own f1 broadcast - apparently no one could afford a license and there was n't much interest anyway . 
  what you 're hearing here is literally a guy ( who used to be a commentator when f1 was on tv ) sitting in a pub in the centre of kyiv with a microphone and live commentating for the pub audience ( over what is probably an illegal video feed ) . 
  this audio is also translated on http://f1ua.org/ , what i do n't know is whether they add video feed too , i never used it , i watch sky streams . 
  so obviously he 's very relaxed about his commentating . 
  what he says here is, 
   it looks like hulkenberg has overtaken everybody under the safety car . 
  he just went like ` oh fuck it ' . 
  cause russia is a different country and russian sports channels have no right to broadcast in ukraine ? 
  also podzigun ( the guy in question ) is actually a decent commentator and he commentates in ukrainian , which is more convenient for a lot of people . 
  man replacement cost, 
  i think first sentence was a placeholder until he comes up with something actually funny . 
  no , you have to deal with it yourself . 
  there 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  little pieces of fire, 
  so you were born and educated in the uk and your skills were lower than low skill labourers from eastern europe ? 
  are you sure that brexit would solve this problem ? 
  i dunno , super high clapton was a good clapton for my taste . 
  holy shit , somehow it fell between the cracks for me when i switched to subscription services for listening to the music , i totally forgot about it . 
  thank you so much for the reminder that it exists , i need to listen to it asap . 
  british invasion was the reason dylan went electric . 
  yeah , it 's been confirmed as an official donation page for this purpose . 
  always wanted to know , how is beer in the alternative reality ? 
  is it still good ? 
  i guess people should have understood now why williams had to unretire him . 
  putting another inexperienced driver beside stroll would be a complete disaster . 
  you should say 1990s , it 's more recent and you can also blame soros this way . 
  people do n't call frankish empire ' a french history ' , though . 
  they are pretty ignorant then . 
  also i suspect they do n't do that in germany or the netherlands . 
   to each his own, 
  this is the essence of the dialectic . 
  feel free , i guess, 
  you 're watching eurovision , right ? 
  most classic unrequited love stories told from a man 's point of view are . 
  well , it 's not like he/she is able to breed with those creatures . 
   you 're more likely to die in a car than by terrorists . 
  does n't mean you want to add those chances . 
   chill dude, 
  it 's not a sewege pipe , it 's hot water supply pipe . 
  how the fuck would sewege pipe explode ? 
  it 's not pressurized , apart from regular pumping to compensate for the height changes . 
  it has brown color because - surprise - there 's soil beneath the asphalt . 
  oh so buy them and fuck off from f1 . 
  this whining helps no one , he 's just being a twat . 
  you have just answered your op question . 
  some like marlboro stayed that way but most just went out of the sport . 
  different timing and circumstances . 
  bmw decided to pull off early 2009 , probably decision was in the making in 2008 . 
  they were division that reported losses and in those times it meant you get axed in any corporation automatically . 
  mercedes acquired world championship team for a bargain price ( if you count in prize money receivable ) after 2009 championship ended . 
  it looked like a good investment on the balance sheet and things were improving already . 
  not sure it counts as sarcastic . 
  you 're right about the second part , though . 
  no , no buyouts . 
  engine deal is cool , some kind of prize money option as a part of the deal - fine . 
  but no equity purchase . 
  that 's because , in case of a big company , `` corporation '' or `` they '' is not a person . 
  or 2 , or 10 . 
  it 's an institution . 
  you ca n't expect emotion from an abstract structure . 
  your boss may like you , but he 's not `` they '' , he is just another employee . 
  while in a small company `` they '' are actually one or two people who can have an emotional attitude towards you . 
  yours is fucking hilarious , though . 
  the fact that you are currently not smart enough to get your ged does n't mean that there is no sense in it . 
   forging polish documents to come to europe as refugees . 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  the referendum was about association agreement , not visa free travel . 
  shows how much you knew what you were voting on . 
  so as a part of association agreement they agree to ` ensure the full implementation ' of previous agreements , which are 10 years old . 
  this new agreement neither replaces nor voids those agreements and its status is absolutely irrelevant to them . 
  sometimes it is good not only to read something , but also to understand it . 
  depends on how it will go on . 
  he is still way behind , but there 's definitely progress there . 
  what 's not normal about a dry canada race ? 
  4 dnf 's not normal ? 
  you know that was formula 1 you 've been watching , right ? 
  it 's like she 's working for a company that needs to sell subscriptions . 
  lose a position , then ? 
  this is racing , asymmetrical does n't equal unfair . 
  ricciardo and bottas as are only two years younger than seb , btw . 
  not 30 , they are mostly young guys , but yeah , you 've got to have some resume to even be allowed near the car . 
  i do n't think passes are the bottleneck here . 
  f1 travels around the world for 8 months or so , and moving , accommodating and paying salary to an extra dozen guys is a huge waste of money for a team . 
  it 's not even about regulation , they can change it if they need . 
  it 's about cost efficiency . 
  if you can train a lorry driver to do an extra job for $ 15k instead of hiring a guy for $ 100k , you do it regardless whether you have spare passes lying around or not . 
  and even if he does the job slightly worse , let 's be honest , 1 second lost per race does not cost $ 8 mil . 
  you better spend it for some extra wind tunnel time or something . 
  red bull is on higher end , half of the teams spend $ 100m - $ 200m per year . 
  she was ? 
  i do n't think it was that kind of movie . 
  they are not fascist , they are postmodern punk ( ?? ), 
  band sometimes mocking sometimes straight anti- fascism . 
  it 's really fucking hard to pinpoint them , they change theme song to song , but they are as far from fascism as it gets . 
  raw or crude is a more appropriate translation . 
  they do n't mean literally rain wet . 
  actually , it 's parody in this case . 
  everything you see in this video is a parody of / r/anormaldayinrussia done by the russians themselves . 
  they have gp2 engine anyway,
