  his speeches have almost been comical recently . 
  in electoral rallies before this year 's general election , he kept saying he wanted 400 mps ( out of 550 ) for a party , but he claimed that he does n't state exactly which party he means . 
  he constantly said `` i am at an equal distance from all political parties , but there is a party in my heart . 
  you know which one , right ? 
  right ? '', 
  he does n't even try to respect the constitution ostensibly , he is literally just making fun of it . 
  and of course , the impartial president can not actually hold those electoral rallies , so technically they were all opening ceremonies , which is all the worse because he used public money for it instead of party money . 
  he toured cities of turkey before the election , opening non-existing or already opened buildings , and yeah , without mentioning akp by name , because he is `` impartial '' , as required by constitution . 
  so the political situation is not like france , it is probably not like any country , erdogan just made it into a huge joke . 
  i have grown rather used to seeing pkk wrongly presented as the kurds , but this cartoon takes it into a whole new level . 
  turkish and kurdish soldiers pointing guns at each other ? 
  [ turkish soldiers has been training kurdish soldiers ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/22/us-mideast-crisis-turkey-iraq-iduskcn0j60b720141122 ) for god 's sake . 
  if i have n't been following the news , i would be swiftly going through the papers right know : `` when the fuck did relations soured between turkey and iraqi kurdish government ? '', 
  i mean , if it pictured a pkk militant and portrayed it as the kurdish side , i would think `` yeah , that stupid misrepresentation again '' , but this ... just retarded beyond belief . 
  still , france has semi presidential system , and at least hollande is a member of ps , so it is not that bizarre . 
  in turkey 's parliamentary system , the president is supposed to be impartial , and erdogan had to resign from akp to become president . 
  which makes things awkward . 
  your second statement is exactly correct . 
  if a coalition is formed , ironically davutoglu will have more power than if his party had majority . 
  that is why erdogan is pushing for reelection and davutoglu looks more favourably to coalitions . 
  with a coalition , davutoglu wo n't have to oppose erdogan openly and will always have the excuse `` i ca n't do what you want , mr. president , our coalition partner does ` nt allow it '' , and erdogan wo n't be able to lead cabinet meetings as if he is still prime minister , since no other party would consent to this . 
   i think erdogan is aiming for both . 
  it could work , but it is a very risky strategy if that is what he has in mind . 
  it depends on how things will develop , but it may end up cementing the consolidation of kurdish vote at hdp . 
  getting votes back from mhp by turning more nationalist is more failproof ; hdp looks at most a secondary target to me . 
   they simply put on a peaceful facade to convert religious kurdish voters they did n't need to convert religious kurdish voters , those were already voting for akp and its predecessors since forever . 
  remember that hdp 's votes hovered around 5 % for decades . 
  hdp is the one that converted religious kurdish voters thanks to the peace process ; with pkk inactive , even anti-pkk kurds turned to hdp . 
  if a side was against the peaceful solution behind the scenes , it was more likely pkk or at least some factions in it , since a peaceful solution threatens the very existence of pkk . 
  and when akp realized the peace process not only did not benefit them but greatly hurt them ( they lost both the nationalists and the kurds ) , they decided to ditch it , and pkk helped them do that by restarting their activities . 
  akp has been hitting hdp hard recently , but i am not sure hdp is the actual target . 
  it seems to me , erdogan 's main short term objective is getting mhp votes back . 
  he probably gave up his hopes of amending the constitution for a powerful presidency , he will have to content himself with ruling through a proxy prime minister , but he can not do that if akp has to form a coalition . 
  according to analyses , just getting 1 or 2 percentage points back from mhp would be enough to give akp majority again , so they just need to appeal to nationalist voters ( which necessitates reverting from their earlier position and criticizing hdp even harder than mhp does ) . 
  and , even if that fails , now that peace process is scrapped , akp may be able to form a coalition with mhp instead of chp , which erdogan is known to prefer . 
  if hdp weakens in the end , that will be an additional benefit for akp , but it is doubtful that hdp-voting kurds will go back to akp when akp is starting to turn back into nationalistic rhetoric . 
  and a party closure wo n't hurt hdp much ; they were closed periodically over the years and just reopened with different names ( just as akp 's islamist predecessors did ) . 
   akp and mhp have been arguing ( for a long , long time ) that the only solution is to bomb the pkk into extinction . 
  mhp has certainly been arguing for a long time for that , but akp has hardly been a hawkish party in turkish politics . 
  in fact they were advocating much more liberal politics than the baykal-era chp . 
  their current tone and the changes in chp are very recent developments . 
  i do n't know much about etymology of finnish words , but similarities of finnish with english and swedish are most likely coincidences , as they are certainly in different language families ( or maybe interaction affected how the words evolved , but at any rate they do n't come from the same root ) . 
  however , some people thought similarities between turkic and finnic/hungarian are not coincidences , but they are related . 
  but that is probably also wrong , as ural -- altaic language family is mostly obsolete today . 
  edit : for the possessive determiner comparison , turkic languages are also similar to finnish `` minun '' : it would be `` meni\u0148 '' in turkmen , for example . 
  still , according to modern theories they are probably just coincidences as well . 
  he is probably referring to [ ural -- altaic language family hypothesis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ural\u2013altaic_languages ) ( also [ see this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9b/fi-ugr-turk-comparison.png ) for pronoun comparison ) . 
  apparently it is obsolete elsewhere , but it is still taught in turkish schools , probably because it feels so cool to be finns ' cousins . 
  so `` ben '' is originally `` men '' ( it is still pronounced as such in some accents ) . 
  according to the hypothesis , its similarity with finnish `` min\u00e4 '' and hungarian '' \u00e9n '' is because they come from the same root . 
   i wonder if it was borrowed into turkish . 
  no , it was n't . 
  `` ben '' comes from proto-turkish , unrelated to persian `` men '' . 
  it is mentioned in texts from periods when turkish people did n't have much interactions with persians , and turkish and persian are unrelated in terms of language families . 
  the question was , as / u/iwillgotosweden mentioned , whether the similarities between turkish and hungarian/finnish are coincidental or are the languages related . 
  for a while , people believed they belonged to the [ same language family ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ural\u2013altaic_languages ) , but it is mostly rejected today . 
  all syrian civil war developments have huge potential implications for turkey , considering how the government invested in it , the refugee situation ( which also has implications for the rest of europe ) , and threats posed to turkey by is and pkk , but that does n't mean all syrian civil war articles be posted here . 
  i think we should limit to reports directly on turkey 's involvement , like pkk/is attacks in turkey or turkish attacks on pkk/is , not reports that focuses on other parties of the civil war , even though they will all concern turkey . 
   how come the kurdish party is so small ? 
  the `` kurdish party '' is actually very large at the moment compared to its usual voter base . 
  their votes hovered around 5 % for decades . 
  only at this election , kurdish vote more or less consolidated at hdp , plus some turks voted for them for various reasons ( ideology or strategic voting to defeat akp ) , which is how they reached 13 % . 
   i thought the kurd population was far bigger . 
  if you mean 5 % , yes they are far bigger , but most kurds did not vote for them , but instead for other conservative / right-wing parties , until this election . 
  if you mean 13 % , no , they are n't far bigger , that is more or less the percentage of kurdish electorate according to surveys . 
  ( turks voting for hdp balances out kurds voting for other parties . ), 
  the kurdish population is still larger than 13 % though . 
  their electorate percentage is smaller than population because the median age of kurds is much lower than turks due to their fertility rates , so a greater percentage of kurds are ineligible to vote . 
   turkish president erdogan claims to be battling the terrorist islamic state , but in reality he is mainly fighting against the kurdish pkk militia . 
   turkey appears to be using the suruc suicide bombing as nothing but a cynical excuse to wage war , not against is , but against the terror organization 's victims . 
  come on now , the paper 's tone is obvious . 
  it is not like they try to achieve wikipedia-level neutrality and refrain from calling anybody terrorist except mentioning they are designated by some as such . 
  no , they are keen on calling the islamic state as what it is , but portray pkk as poor victims . 
  i do n't know how it looks to you , but to me the tone is the exact parallel of that of some pro-akp newspapers who portray pkk as the worse terrorist organization . 
  i disagree with that comparison , i think the islamic state is objectively the worse one among the two , but at least those newspapers have the common decency to call islamic state terrorists . 
  now , you may agree with spiegel point of view , fine , but do n't say they do n't refrain from labeling pkk as a terrorist organisation , they clearly do . 
  oh , i thought you spoke turkish since you found about percent of women unveiled in that konda poll . 
  i do n't know any survey of headscarf by district , the nearest to that that i know of is [ the survey about parties i mentioned above ] ( http://www.konda.com.tr/tr/raporlar/konda_30mart2014_yerelsecimanalizi.pdf ) ( p. 26 ) , and looking at where the parties get their votes . 
  as you said , the kurdish party has the least unveiled ( even less than akp ) and most \u00e7ar\u015faf ( albeit 1 % ) . 
  the most unveiled would be at the aegean coast and eastern thrace , and as always istanbul would be a mixture , as it has people from all around turkey , including millions of kurds . 
  true , i mentioned that poll only to show that the new generation is much less religious than the older one . 
  it would be great if the religiosity figures for 2003 were available to compare . 
  ( you ca n't deduce religiosity from percent veiled for the last decade though . 
  before akp , women with headscarves could not attend university , take jobs in government and most of private sector [ basically could not be anything other than cleaning lady ] and were widely discriminated against , even denied entrance to places . 
  a lot of women adopted veil not because they grew more religious , but because they became able in the last decade . ), 
  at any rate , if you are going to use the veiled percentage to make that deduction , here is [ konda and a&g arguing with each other ] ( http://arsiv.ntv.com.tr/news/429138.asp ) about their results , i do n't know who is more correct . 
  regarding change in religiosity not with age but over time , i saw [ these poll results by gezici ] ( http://www.taraf.com.tr/politika/turkiyede-iki-yilda-dindarlik-orani-dustu/ ) just two weeks ago . 
  it says from 2013 to 2015 , those who pray regularly and occasionally fell , and those who never pray increased by 5 percentage points . 
  ( 23 % to 28 % ) regarding your interest , it also found the women using headscarves at 53 % . 
  ( i do n't know if the remaining 47 % are all unveiled or they used some other category , got ta find the full report for that . ), 
  it shows that , but it also says that 18 % of women aged 44 + are unveiled , compared to 47 % of women aged 18-28 , so it still shows that young people are less religious . 
  the change from 2003 to 2007 may be due to relative liberalization ambiance ( a lot of women were not allowed to wear veil before akp due to their occupation or education ) . 
  interestingly , a different pollster found opposite results : according to [ a&g survey ] ( http://www.radikal.com.tr/haber.php?haberno=234171 ) , the percent of women unveiled is 35.8 % in 2003 and then 38.6 % in 2007 . 
  i do n't know whose results are more correct ( both of them agree that young women are less likely to be veiled though ) . 
  and i am not aware of a more recent survey , as the heated headscarf debate of the time which encouraged such research has mostly faded since then . 
  yes , as i said northern cypriot government is dependent on turkey , it can not survive without the turkish aid going there , but it wo n't be so after unification . 
  if the leaders of the two sides take the decision , turkish army would have to leave . 
  if turkey insists on keeping its army , then greek and turkish cypriots can jointly fight to remove them it is hard to imagine that turkey will fight against turkish cypriot forces . 
  if by `` puppet regime '' you mean the northern cyprus president is just turkey 's proxy , no , it 's not a puppet regime . 
  their president is not appointed by turkey , it is elected by turkish cypriots through free elections ( probably freer than turkey as they do n't have an erdo\u011fan who hysterically tries control the media ) .
