  so , turkey has been getting authoritarian lately ... should we counteract that by installing a military dictatorship ? 
  seems legit . 
  there was a joke about that in early 2000s that nationalist anti-eu guys kept sharing . 
  let me find it ... ok , here it is : year 2050 . 
  as the president of the european commission sits in his office , his vice-president enters his room excitedly : -- sir , turkey has just satisfied all our demands . 
  are we going to accept them to the eu ? 
  -- no my dear , not yet . 
  go announce , all turks are to speak english , i am banning turkish . 
  -- but sir , they did that 5 years ago , do n't you remember ? 
  -- then tell them to give away cyprus . 
  -- they gave it 40 years ago ... -- then tell them to give autonomy to the southeast . 
  -- but sir , what southeastern turkey are you talking about , they already became an independent state in 2020 . 
  -- then tell them to recognize the armenian genocide . 
  -- sir , they recognized not only armenian , but pontian , greek , bulgarian , russian , ukrainian , moldavian genocides . 
  they even recognized the british , australian and new zealander genocides because of the gallipoli campaign . 
  how did you forget that ? 
  -- hmm ... then let them ban kokore\u00e7 . 
  -- but sir , they stopped eating that in 2007 . 
  -- jesus , i do n't know . 
  -- they stopped hennaing long ago as well . 
  the president of the commission thinks it over and : -- damn . 
  dissolve the eu then !, 
   they obviously feel some very strong ties to turkey yeah , and that strong tie is called ** citizenship ** . 
  i am not sure you understand what you are talking about here , maybe you do n't know about german citizenship law or about voting rules . 
  a person voting in turkish elections means that he is a turkish citizen , which means that he can not be a german citizen according to german nationality laws . 
  so they are just turkish nationals currently residing in germany . 
  if they had the option of getting german citizenship and instead chose turkish citizenship , then that means they have more ties with turkey and probably planning to return at some point ( because not getting german citizenship makes no sense if they intend to stay ) . 
  i ca n't see why you look surprised by finding that non-german turks do n't look german to you . 
  and then there are german citizens with turkish ancestry . 
  i do n't know how integrated/assimilated they are , or if they would look german enough in your eyes , but the example you are using is irrelevant here , because not a single one of them votes in turkish elections ( unless they are committing election fraud ) . 
  you are basically trying to reach a conclusion about a group based on a behavior that no member of the group exhibits . 
  still , you are lucky that all that the nationalists give you is boredom . 
  the ones here still kill in the name of 19th century inventions , when all it causes for you is some political wrestling . 
  i very much envy the idea of being bored by catalan nationalists , as opposed to what we are having . 
  ( then again , probably i should n't complain either , the guys just south of the border kill each other in huge numbers in the name of 7th century inventions . ), 
  more of an indifference problem , i think . 
  turkey has been having huge problems regarding refugees for years , and has been asking for international assistance , eu mostly did n't care until a small percentage of refugees started making their way into eu . 
  at this point , turkey indeed probably does n't give a shit if people leave camps to go to europe because the economic burden has become unbearable and one less refugee is better ; but turkey has every interest to keep maintain those camps and build more : most of the people who leave them do n't go to europe , but to cities in turkey . 
  you can imagine how much societal problems that causes , considering how much outcry is sparked by the small fraction of them that reaches to eu . 
  edit : just a few search results in h\u00fcrriyet : * [ foreign minister davuto\u011flu calls for more int ' l assistance for syrian refugees ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/foreign-minister-davutoglu-calls-for-more-intl-assistance-for-syrian-refugees.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=65946&amp;newscatid=510 ) ( 4 may 2014 ) * [ turkey demands more help on hosting syria refugees ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-demands-more-help-on-hosting-syria-refugees.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=70485&amp;newscatid=341 ) ( 15 august 2014 ) * [ turkey urges world 's help on syrian refugees as spending reaches $ 6 billion ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-urges-worlds-help-on-syrian-refugees-as-spending-reaches-6-billion.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=78951&amp;newscatid=359 ) ( 27 february 2015 ) * [ turkey urges europe for help with refugee influx ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-urges-europe-for-help-with-refugee-influx-----.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=83990&amp;newscatid=510 ) ( 15 june 2015 ) * [ europe must shoulder syria refugee burden , turkey says ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/europe-must-shoulder-syria-refugee-burden-turkey-says.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=87309&amp;newscatid=352 ) ( 21 august 2015 ) it has been years since turkey became unable to place refugees in camps , and no international aid in sight , most new refugees had to be released into streets . 
  if it was possible to register and settle all refugees in camps , neither turkish cities nor other european countries would be having the current problems . 
  but for such a high number that came to turkey , this takes huge financial resources , much more than turkey could afford . 
   erdogan actively fosters a climate of hatred for the kurds i really wonder what kind of image german press presents to give people such ideas . 
  your every other sentence is spot-on , but there must be some serious disinformation being circulated if people in germany are lead to have such ludicrous notions . 
  i mean , erdogan is probably the most pro-kurdish prime minister in turkey 's history , even including the turkish prime minister of kurdish ethnicity . 
  what he did about the kurdish issue would be unimaginable when he came to power . 
  i am not saying this lightly , people would take you for crazy if you suggested his policies back then ( and when they decide you were sane , you would be put to jail for saying them ) . 
  he also always had greater support among kurdish electorates than the turkish ones until the last election . 
  i hate erdogan with my every cell , but his kurdish policies are the last to criticize if you are looking at it from a kurd 's rights point of view -- turkish nationalists have every reason to hate him though ) . 
  what is true is he is currently trying to foster hatred for hdp . 
  being divisive is always his political strategy . 
  he was the most open-minded politician about pkk ( none other would openly negotiate with pkk leader \u00d6calan , and none other would be able to appease the turks while doing that ) , but when it turned out hdp was gaining his votes instead of the other way around , and not to mention the nationalist votes he was losing , he backtracked . 
  he hates anyone and any group that challenges his authority , and he would gladly foster hate about them . 
  currently hdp presents the greatest danger , so he is attacking them , maybe hoping to win kurds back , maybe not if he lost that hope . 
  just a few years ago hdp were his buddies and chp was his scapegoat for everything . 
  are you asking if bulgarian komitadjis killed turkish civilians ? 
  i do n't know how you view it in bulgaria , but as far as i know killing turkish civilians was the whole point of the bulgarian rebellion . 
  the purpose was to make the empire respond very brutally , so that russians would have a reason to intervene on the bulgarians ' behalf , and also the pro-ottoman bulgarians would turn pro-independence in the face of ottomans ' indiscriminate violence against the bulgarians . 
  the same tactic was employed by all balkanites in the 19th century . 
  for example , if an aegean island was pro-ottoman , greek rebels would land the island and attack the ottoman administration and turkish civilians . 
  then , ottoman government would send troops to the island to suppress the rebellion there and often massacres of the islanders would ensue , failing to distinguish between the rebels and local greek population . 
  thus the rebels would win the island population for their cause thanks to the incompetence and ferocity of the ottoman government , and the public opinion of the western european countries would be swayed . 
  i ca n't really blame the balkanite insurgents for purposefully killing civilians , seeing how the ottoman government 's response was n't much better ; and considering how such acts were normal at the time . 
  but as you say , modern turkey is n't ottoman empire , and pkk knows that no matter how many people they kill they wo n't make turkey wo n't go brutal as ottomans did , so it 's not really their tactic . 
  also unlike the 19th century there is n't any political aim that they could not achieve through democracy by convincing people , so i find it very hard to justify what they are doing . 
  they would n't automatically kick catalan universities out , but if the spanish government acts similar to the cypriot one , they may be able to stop the erasmus funds being used for catalan universities ( sure , the exchange agreements would remain in place , but they would n't be funded by the ec ) . 
  but , as i linked , a similar programme may be started in that case . 
  or , unlike the cyprus case , the spanish government may continue to recognize the universities as spanish universities despite the de facto situation , in which case everything might continue as before in terms of erasmus , until a political solution is reached . 
  sure turkey is , but that would n't really be similar to the catalan case . 
  a more relevant example would be northern cyprus , which is n't part of erasmus ( but they have something that is * [ `` erasmus programme in all but name '' ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+wq+e-2011-011874+0+doc+xml+v0//en ) * ) . 
   well , stoning women for getting raped also is n't very nice . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  http://faith-matters.org/images/stories/fm-publications/the-tanzimat-final-web.pdf  throughout ottoman history only one case of rajm ( stoning ) was decided and carried out ( in 1680 ) . 
  this happened in a period of extreme religious fanaticism , and it encountered such opposition that it was not repeated . 
  it sucked that that woman was stoned to that ( although she was n't raped , where did you get that idea ? 
  ) , but mind you that this was happening at a time when women were still routinely being burnt at stake for witchcraft elsewhere in europe . 
  in any case , it was a singular event . 
  really ? 
  you do n't remember the sentence `` the ottoman army completely annihilated the hungarian army in 2 hours '' by heart ? 
  i am pretty sure you are the exception here . 
  after all these years , for some battles , say like mercidab\u0131k or otlukbeli , yeah , i could n't tell they were when and against whom ( although i still would n't say i have never heard of them ) ; but moha\u00e7 ? 
  i think you would have a hard time finding a person who has never heard of it . 
   it 's the first time i hear about this battle of mohawks or whatever it is . 
  clearly you were n't raised in turkey . 
  no turk ever leaves the education system without learning what a glorious victory moha\u00e7 sava\u015f\u0131 was . 
  even details like how long the battle took would be engraved on your mind . 
  the tourist [ was also interviewed later . 
  ] ( http://t24.com.tr/haber/irlandali-turist-ben-bu-ulkeye-kavga-etmeye-gelmedim-biraz-erkek-olsalardi-keske,307601 ) he basically denies the shopkeeper 's claims , he says he was n't drunk and the store owner attacked him for no reason . 
  [ according to the shop owner 's testimony ] ( http://www.cihan.com.tr/tr/aksarayda-esnafla-kavga-eden-irlandali-turist-sarhosmus-1866035.htm ) , the irish tourist ( a kuwaiti-born irish citizen named mohammed fadel dobbous ) was drunk when he came to the store , asked for alcohol , and was told that the store does not sell alcohol . 
  he insisted that the store sells it , and quarrel ensued . 
  then he left the store , gathered three people from his hotel , disarranged the counter and `` dumped '' the contents of the drink machine , and then they engaged in a fight . 
  anyway , that is the shopkeeper 's version of events . 
  also this is taking place in [ aksaray ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aksaray,_istanbul ) , one of the rougher neighbourhoods of istanbul , so shopkeepers are probably more likely to come to each other 's aid if problem erupts . 
  to give context , this is taking place in [ aksaray ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aksaray,_istanbul ) , one of the rougher neighbourhoods of istanbul . 
  as to the reason of the fight [ according to the shop owner 's testimony ] ( http://www.cihan.com.tr/tr/aksarayda-esnafla-kavga-eden-irlandali-turist-sarhosmus-1866035.htm ) , the irish tourist ( a kuwaiti-born irish citizen named mohammed fadel dobbous ) was drunk when he came to the store , asked for alcohol , and was told that the store does not sell alcohol . 
  he insisted that the store sells it , and quarrel ensued . 
  then he left the store , gathered three people from his hotel , disarranged the counter and `` dumped '' the contents of the drink machine , and then they engaged in a fight . 
  apparently both sides sued each other , and they would likely be distorting facts to their advantage , but the shopkeeper claims that there are 8 cameras in the store , the police watched them and backed his story . 
  ( according to him the tv channel made a selective use of the shootings . ), 
  i do n't know dobbous ' version of the events , he can give his story if someone interviews him .
