  i guess we ca n't blame anyone for failing to keep track of those messy balkan borders . ), 
  there is some validity in distinguishing the two states in legal terms . 
  turkey rebranded itself as a new country in 1922 , primarily in order to avoid paying all of its gigantic public debt , and it partly worked , but we still had to pay around 70 % of the previous debts ( the rest was divided among other arab and balkan states ) . 
  however , i find it silly to try to shift the blame for anything using this legal technicality . 
  i mean , extensive reforms were made in all areas , but it was hardly more than the difference between france of 1785 and 1795 , or germany of 1939 and 1949 . 
  actually , it was probably even less in some ways , as there was n't any sort of ` denazification ' : ottoman mps just moved on to be turkish mps except the parliament changed its name and meeting place , ottoman generals became turkish generals , the same statesmen continued to serve ( except for the [ 150s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/150_personae_non_gratae_of_turkey ) ) etc. 
  you could say that turkey was ruled by either an absolute monarch or a military junta in the ottoman times so people did n't have much say in its policies , but a different country ? 
  not really . 
  i refer the honourable gentleman to the [ answer ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bn6ju/police_in_turkey_try_to_stop_pride_parade_with/csojpp3 ) i gave some moments ago . 
  moving to turkey would n't really help . 
  we are a country of shaky , unstable coalitions , last 12 years were more the exception than the rule . 
  even then , akp has never got the supermajority , and they just lost the simple majority that they had . 
  or horses . 
  why not mounted police ? 
  they used to have that for demonstrations , especially against football hooligans . 
  horses vs lgbt would be interesting . 
  and horses do n't make rainbows . 
  that 's interesting . 
  although , it was essentially illegal in poland after the third partition , was n't it ? 
  but that was n't poland , technically , so you win , i guess . 
  still , france gets the award for being the first to decriminalize it and manage to keep it that way . 
  you should put yourself in the shoes of a greek nationalist . 
  the main utility of having cyprus independent was the free 12-points in the eurovision . 
  this year , even that failed . 
  only 8 points !, 
  and cyprus 's economy has somewhat recovered , while greece is in deep shit . 
  well you know what ? 
  i 'd be pretty pissed off too !, 
  except for what happened to the armenians though . 
  almost forgot to mention . 
  at that time ottoman empire was totally not turkey . 
  any resemblance is purely coincidental . 
  we are absolutely not responsible whatever may or may not happened . 
  not that anything particular happened , but if it did , it was ottomans . 
  nothing to do with turkey . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  *** end of official disclaimer ***, 
  peace treaties are based on military aggression by definition . 
  that 's why they are called peace treaties . 
  countries sign those to halt military conflicts and end hostilities . 
  if they have no legitimacy in one 's book , that 's only bound to bring about more war and everlasting strife until one side devours the other . 
  i do n't know what kind of a compromise they will reach at the end of those talks , and ca n't possibly comment on the specific details . 
  however , it most likely wo n't include unification with greece , since at least the turkish cypriot side do not favor that , and their right to reject that is protected by treaties even if the turkish army were n't there . 
  by the way , it is the existence of people like you who would breach treaties in a blink , that justifies the presence of the turkish army in many turkish cypriot 's eyes . 
  if they felt their rights arising from the treaties would be respected , maybe they would n't be willing to keep turkish military on the island . 
  yes , that 's true for the french kingdom and the modern republic . 
  french empire was significantly larger than modern france though . 
  also , ottoman empire expanded and declined through centuries , but its size in 1920 was pretty much the same as modern turkey ( in fact smaller , if the treaty of s\u00e8vres was ratified ) . 
  so basically , if the parliament did n't abolish the monarchy in 1922 , we would have exactly the same borders , with mostly the same institutions , except for a ( hopefully purely ceremonial ) monarch . 
  law \u2116 308 legally dissolves a country and creates a new one , but practically it 's more of a regime change . 
  well , true , technically they are separate entities , but turkey is the successor state to the ottoman empire . 
  i do n't suppose overthrowing the monarchy is enough to classify it as a different country for most purposes . 
  i mean , people would say france is the first european country to decriminalize homosexuality in 1791 , but the fifth republic is n't technically the same as the kingdom of france either . 
  the crimean population did want to join russian federation , there was n't much dispute about that , and it was n't the basis of objections . 
  even if you dispute whether the referendum actually reflected the will of the crimeans , you can hypothetically assume that it did , and the main point of objection remains : the referendum itself was illegitimate because it was illegal under the constitution and it was against the treaties . 
  i do n't know how you fail to see the relevance of this example . 
  this situation occurs all the time . 
  the people of sudetenland probably wanted to join germany too , or the german-speaking areas of poland at the time . 
  this does n't mean one party can unilaterally abrogate treaties . 
  what makes you think cypriots still want to unite with greece ? 
  i see absolutely no indication of that . 
  for starters , why are there negotiations between the turkish and greek cypriots for the unification of the island ? 
  if the end result is unification with greece , then all those debates on how should the power distribution in the unified state be are meaningless , as they will all be a province of greece . 
  or do you think that greek cypriots are trying to trick the turkish cypriots , and as soon as the unification is complete and turkish army left the island , they will break the treaty they just signed and unite with greece ? 
  i doubt they have such a hidden agenda . 
  any agreement between the turkish and greek cypriots will be the final nail in the coffin of enosis , and yet every greek cypriot leader that i know of , and certainly the current leader , supports a unification agreement . 
  they would not leave , obviously , but how is that a reason not to unite ? 
  cyprus parliament would take the decision to hand over the whole island to greece , and then greece would claim turkey is occupying its soil . 
  if the turkish army had left the island , that would actually make unification with greece impossible , because the moment a unification decision was taken , turkey would legally have the right to reinvade the island and topple the government . 
  the current turkish occupation is the only scenario that would allow the greek cypriots to take decision to join greece , if that were what they wanted . 
  they evidently do not . 
  you did n't reply the crimean referendum question . 
  should i take it you believe it was legal ? 
  or even sudetenland , while we are at it . 
  i agree that if there was a referendum in 1950 , most cypriots would vote to unite . 
  my understanding is that that is no longer correct . 
  if they did , they could have the vote now . 
  as i said , turkish occupation makes it easier , both from a practical ( easier to pass the motion when only greeks are voting ) and legal ( turkey is violating the treaty , so greece can too ) point of view . 
   the will of the people is never illegal that 's what i mean by putinesque understanding of democracy . 
  i would imagine you believe crimean referendum was legal as well ? 
  i would agree that if people are oppressed , they should have such democratic rights , e.g. 
  declare independence , unite with another country , etc ; otherwise the treaties stands . 
  and greek cypriots were n't oppressed by the cypriot government . 
  turkish occupation does not prevent the greek cypriots from voting to unite the island with greece . 
  if anything , it makes it easier since the turks do n't get a vote . 
  what is there to stop them from taking this ` democratic ' decision , if that was actually what the greek cypriots wanted ? 
  ( treaty of guarantee of 1960 would make it illegal , of course , but evidently you have a putinesque understanding of democracy and do n't care about such legal hassles . ), 
  the only change since the 2014 pride parade that i can think of is the passage of the homeland security act , which was meant to prevent gezi-like demonstrations . 
  maybe they are trying to convey the message that they will crack down any unauthorized demonstration , no matter what . 
  otherwise , i do n't think they would have wanted to target the gay pride in particular . 
  that 's utterly pointless , and it is not really politically expedient for akp , when just a month ago [ they used in their election campaign ads the fact that gay prides are freely being held in ramadan . 
  since 2004 they can not get capital punishment under any circumstances . 
  before that , they could get it in theory , but it would not be executed . 
  as to 1974 , the soldiers who committed war crimes could get capital punishment in courts , but there was an implicit moratorium on death penalty starting 1972 , so those soldiers would not be executed either ( i do n't know if any soldier was sentenced to death by courts ) . 
  executions after 1972 occurred only under the military junta between 1980-1984 . 
  it 's not just about european union ; council of europe bans capital punishment . 
  that 's why most eastern and southeastern european countries abolished or suspended it , including russia . 
   that 's one of the reasons why turkey is n't in yet . 
  i am not entirely clear what you mean by that , but the last execution in turkey took place in 1984 , and it was completely scrapped from the statute books in 2004 . 
  and turkey * is * in the council of europe .
