  i do n't think there has been a change in the statute , it was probably always illegal , but there certainly has been an attitude change . 
  30 years ago , most parents ' reaction would be `` good , he is giving you some discipline , i bet you deserved it '' , and no one would think about taking action . 
  nowadays , at least some parents would go bananas when they learn their precious child was hurt by the teacher , so the school principal ( or the prosecutor , in severe cases ) take it seriously . 
  the teachers would usually be too scared to do anything of the sort anyway , since they do n't know which category the child 's parents would fall to . 
  though , i am sure , there are more traditionalist parts of the country where school corporal punishment is still the norm . 
   half of all british turks are cypriots . 
  i would have thought few cypriot turks in the uk would have turkish citizenship , ergo not a factor in this election . 
  am i mistaken , or did you mentioned them just to give a general picture of the british turks ? 
   is there anyone in europe who does n't knock on wood for luck ? 
  my , my , so there are people outside turkey that does that ? 
  i would have thought that is the most turkish thing one could do . 
    is there a movement for an independent black state in the us ? 
   there is n't . 
  there is , actually . 
  currently it does n't have a lot of proponents as far as i know , but it had considerable support in the 50s/60s . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_separatism https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_new_afrika, 
  sure , i was n't referring to this tip . 
  but regarding your france example , they could reasonably say `` erdo\u011fan is labeling all his opponents as terrorists . 
  how do we know that this person is actually a terrorist and not on this list for political reasons ? '', 
  and i could n't really argue against that . 
  they 've always had a soft spot for pkk , and now they have a perfectly valid excuse . 
  seriously , erdo\u011fan appears to have lost all his senses ; it is not entirely inconceivable for him to declare k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu a terrorist for plotting to overthrow government through ballot . 
  soon , turkey 's labeling someone as terrorist may only be responded with `` yeah , right '' thanks to him . 
  france and a number of other countries are obviously very much at fault for tolerating pkk terrorists , or even supporting them . 
  there is nothing defensible about their attitude . 
  but frankly , at this point i could n't blame them for not taking turkey 's definition of terrorist seriously . 
  i mean , just take a look at the other names on that red list : http://www.terorarananlar.pol.tr/detaylar/sayfalar/kirmizi.aspx it is hard to list fethullah g\u00fclen on the same list with murat karay\u0131lan and mustafa dokumac\u0131 and then expect to be taken seriously . 
  if you crack down on major tv networks and claim it is because they are terrorists , if you throw away that terrorism charge so lightly , other countries will naturally think your list is a joke , even though most names on the list are actually terrorists no matter how you look at it . 
  i am not saying this to justify france 's actions , but as of 2015 it is erdo\u011fan that is making the greatest damage to turkey 's case . 
  he is one step away from declaring his every opponent as terrorists and enemies of the state , stripping the word from all its meaning . 
  wow , did he really say that ? 
  i do n't know the context , but that is such a weird thing to say , especially for a german . 
  not just because turkey and germany were on the same side in the ww1 , but as a german he must very well know the problems that the harshness of the ww1 treaties created . 
  i mean , all other issues aside , turkey may have entered ww2 on germany 's side , had s\u00e8vres not been revised , and remained in force like the treaty of versailles or trianon . 
  i do n't think anybody would have liked that , it would n't change the outcome , but only somewhat prolong the war and cause a lot more deaths . 
  i would assume he did n't say it while in office though . 
  it is super weird if he said that as prime minister . 
  diplomatically , you would n't speak against the sovereignty and integrity of even an unfriendly country that way , unless you are in a war or really hostile . 
  i think that 's what the `` i '' on turkey is supposed to represent . 
  i guess they forgot to capitalize it , so it is not immediately evident why that ` i ' is there , but the note explains the distinction . 
  it 's included in the total number 6 anyway . 
  the real question is why they did n't include the diacritics \u00e2 , \u00ee , \u00fb . 
  it is true that their use is not consistent and some choose not to use them , as they are not on the keyboard and their omission is forgivable , but still they are far more commonly used than some other diacritics that they included in the count , like the french \u00ff . i think the correct number for turkey should have been 9 , not 6 . 
  you make it sound like it was an internet poll . 
  the article says it was conducted by one of the country 's major pollsters ifop , interviewing 1,000 french adults . 
  [ full results are here . 
  ] ( http://www.ifop.fr/media/poll/3185-1-study_file.pdf ) ifop : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/institut_fran\u00e7ais_d'opinion_publique looks like a respectable polling company to me . 
  are you saying they would skew their data because their client wanted falsified results ? 
  that 's not new , he 's been wanting presidential system since 2011 , and he 's been saying that virtually everyday since he became president in 2014 . 
  fortunately he 's never had the power to make that change , and he does n't have it now either . 
  before the election , hdp was categorically against presidential system , and basically made it their election slogan . 
  it is worrying that some of them are giving signals to relax that attitude . 
  they say they are against any undemocratic changes of course , but that 's rather vague and a lot of people have been afraid since day one that hdp may agree to give erdo\u011fan greater power in exchange of greater autonomy for kurds . 
  i hope hdp stands its ground and continue to declare that this is not negotiable . 
  [ i ( and practically everybody in turkey ) do think that a new constitution is necessary and the current one is really bad ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3r7475/turkish_pm_calls_for_new_constitution_after/cwllz1i?context=3 ) , but if erdo\u011fan and hdp makes a shady deal , they can write a constitution that is even worse . 
  wait , we could do that ? 
  change the spelling of the country in english ? 
  get in line lithuania , our problem is more urgent . 
  for some reason english speakers decided to name a stupid bird that they saw in america after our country ( i guess because it looked similar to a different bird that turkish merchants exported earlier ) , we got ta find a new name for ourselves now . 
  it would be even better to make them find a different name for the bird ( if you must call it with a country 's name , why not call it india , like we and the french do ? 
  ) , but unfortunately that 's not within our power . 
  but seriously , we should consider a change , it is annoying to be made fun of by americans . 
  we could push a small change maybe , like turkei ? 
  or we could go by the name turkish republic , czech style ? 
  i would n't say that for today 's chp , they became fairly liberal on that issue over the last couple of years . 
  but before that , certainly , kemalists were really ultranationalist , much more so than the political line that erdo\u011fan represents . 
  the christian minorities and kurds had their most relaxed period during the akp rule . 
  akp returned the properties of christian minority 's foundations that were confiscated by the government through the decades , allowed religious ceremonies in historic churches , repaired churches and allowed new churches to be built for the first time in the republic , etc. 
  secular parties were n't opposed to those because they disliked christianity or even liked islam ; christian minorities were seen as a danger , a remnant of the conflicts of the start of 20th century . 
  it is particularly ridiculous to fear them in 2000s , when so very few minorities remain ; but most of the issues lingered until akp 's government . 
  same for the kurdish issue . 
  you would go to prison in the 90s for suggesting things that akp did regarding the kurdish issue . 
  i am not saying erdo\u011fan is liberal by any stretch . 
  he occasionally lets his subconscious xenophobia slip . 
  years ago he said `` afedersin rum '' ( greek ) , for example , afedersin meaning excuse me and implying the following word is a curse . 
  recently he used the same clause for armenian , except he made it more obvious , `` they have said i am georgian . 
  they have said even uglier things - they have called me armenian . '', 
  ( racism points also go to his opponents , mostly seculars , for trying to insult him as being georgian and armenian . ), 
  turkey is changing for the better though , this year all three parties ( akp , chp , hdp ) elected armenian deputies for example , for the first time in decades , as a gesture of goodwill . 
  regarding kurds , chp still gets like 0 % of their vote , as a result of its past policies and the prejudices it created , but its image is improving . 
  i 'm not sure what you are replying to here , but i 'm not saying turkey must have visa-free regime because uae has . 
  i am saying that issue is unrelated to how progressive the government is . 
  uae regularly flogs people for alcohol consumption and premarital sex , it tortures dissidents , apostasy and homosexuality is punishable by death , etc ; so it is ludicrous to claim that turkish citizens wo n't get visa exemption because of erdo\u011fan 's policies . 
  if they wo n't get it , they wo n't get it for completely different reasons . 
  because `` dear residents of avc\u0131lar , we installed individual seats in the parks so that everybody can sit comfortably without being bothered . 
  continue to vote for us to see your tax money being put to good use and invested in our parks . '', 
  does n't get you many votes . 
  whereas `` look , i am conservative just like you , i spend your money on conservative stuff . 
  you can be sure that those damn chp voters wo n't like it at all , this is just for you . 
  in your face chp voters , in your face ! '', 
  is a proven strategy that will get you to win elections . 
  how is requiring or not requiring visas from turkish tourists related to progressiveness of turkish government ? 
  united arab emirates has a visa-free regime , and it 's not exactly a democratic country , you know . 
  if eu decides that turkish nationals need to continue to apply for tourist visas to see the colosseum , it will be due to completely unrelated reasons . 
  well , erdo\u011fan is n't at putin 's level yet , but it 's not because of lack of trying . 
  give him some time . 
  he does n't have it easy , you know ; unlike putin he still faces significant opposition that he is yet to overcome with unabated propaganda , and he is n't competent like putin in those things , he almost completely screwed up five months ago . 
  he still have n't gone putin-level crazy though , having his opponents murdered and such ; but he might , if need arises . 
  there is n't a single prosecutor left in the country who would dare prosecute him . 
  putin is not a christian extremist and erdo\u011fan is not a muslim extremist .
