  putin is a putin extremist and erdo\u011fan is a erdo\u011fan extremist . 
  neither want to see religion as the supreme law of the land ; they both want to see * themselves * as the supreme law of the land . 
   ultranationalist i do n't know how it appears from the uk , but we had 26 prime ministers in turkey and erdo\u011fan is by far one of the least nationalists among them . 
  actually it is surprising how antinationalist he is ; turkey in general is more nationalist than most countries and even leftists etc are supposed pay lip service to nationalism . 
  erdo\u011fan is the first prime minister to openly disdain nationalism and still get elected . 
  he also had the most open-minded policies regarding kurds and christian minorities in the history of the republic , and i never imagined he could convince the turkish population to those , but he did . 
  ( it 's not because he is a liberal of course ; but because he idolizes the ottoman times ) he is obviously ultra-ultra-authoritarian though , at least since 2013 . 
  he would turn turkey into russia in a heartbeat if he could . 
  we are lucky that he is not competent like putin in that regard , and that he still faces significant opposition unlike putin . 
  not really . 
  germany , france and belgium are the countries with the most significant number of turkish populations , with more than 100,000 votes cast from each . 
  it is natural to look at those three . 
  spain and ireland has less than 1,000 . 
  i only knew that it was allowed with other eu countries , i did n't hear this recent change . 
  [ according to wikipedia the new rule only applies to children born in or after 2000 though , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law#dual_citizenship ) so no one at the voting age . 
  in any case , my point is , even when if dual citizenship is allowed , conservatives should be more likely to keep turkish citizenship as a means of preserving ties with turkey . 
  it 's just my guess though , i have n't seen any surveys about it . 
  ( also , as far as i know , german citizens of turkish origin tend to vote for left parties in germany , which seems to support my hypothesis that leftists are more likely to get german citizenship ; but it may also be that they are just hypocritical conservatives who vote left only because of self-interest , i do n't know ) . 
  yes , i can see how it sounds as a headline after the election to those who do n't follow the turkish politics , that 's why i felt it necessary to explain . 
  all the turks who saw that news said `` duh '' , promising a new constitution is pretty much a clich\u00e9 of turkish politics at the moment , it 's like promising more jobs and more prosperity . 
  you do n't give a political speech without mentioning a new constitution . 
  i would be really worried if akp had 330 ( or , god forbid , 367 ) mps and they moved to change the constitution by themselves . 
  at the moment , it is business as usual , parties will discuss the articles of a new constitution for months , blame each other for not compromising on whatever articles , and probably nothing will change . 
  and maybe , just maybe , if akp gives up on presidential system , and if parties sincerely try to find common ground , they can agree on a text . 
  and it would be an excellent thing . 
  you can imagine turkey like post-franco spain , except we did n't have the referendum of 1978 and still run by franco 's constitution , as parties could n't agree to write a new one . 
  ( almost half of the articles was gradually amended through the decades though . 
  the original text was even worse . ), 
  it may be correct that most turks immigrated to western europe were poorer and less educated than average ( those demographic groups are much more likely to vote akp in turkey as well ) , but what most analyses are missing is who can and can not vote in the election . 
  only citizens can . 
  germany does n't allow dual citizenship with turkey , for example ; and i imagine more modern turks are more likely to renounce turkish citizenship and get the german one , whereas more conservative turks would be more likely to keep turkish citizenship as a matter of national pride . 
  hence the votes might be a biased estimator of turks living there . 
  considering all those with turkish ethnicity , akp 's vote share might be the same as turkey or lower . 
  this is because you have n't been following turkish politics , i imagine . 
  all parties , akp , chp , mhp , hdp , are calling for a new constitution . 
  ( our current constitution is an extremely shitty one that was written by the military junta after 1982 coup ) . 
  the negotiations in the previous parliament when erdo\u011fan was pm failed because akp insisted on bringing on presidential system and other parties fervently opposed . 
  i am glad that they want to restart the negotiations with other parties , it shows that akp under davuto\u011flu will give up on the presidential system ( davuto\u011flu never once mentioned it during the campaigning period ) . 
  and if they do n't , the new constitution simply wo n't happen . 
  and despite the akp hate and all , i was surprised to see that akp 's constitution proposal was pretty good in the previous parliament , other than the presidential system thing . 
  i am hopeful that the parties may agree on something if akp abandons presidential system . 
  it is unlikely that all four of them will agree , but an akp-chp-hdp constitution would be pretty good . 
  i probably would n't like the akp-mhp constitution , but it would n't be worse than the current one . 
  the real danger might be an akp-hdp constitution , if akp gives autonomy to kurds and in exchange kurds agree to give erdo\u011fan dictatorship over the rest of turkey . 
  but i do n't think hdp would agree , and i do n't think that 's what davuto\u011flu wants anyway . 
  he just won the election and he sounds like he really wants to be a pm this time , not hand in power to erdo\u011fan . 
  this constitution was not made by atat\u00fcrk , it was made by the junta after the 1982 coup . 
  all parties , akp , chp , mhp , hdp agree that a new constitution must be written . 
  the negotiations in the previous parliament when erdo\u011fan was pm failed because akp insisted on bringing on presidential system and other parties fervently opposed . 
  this time davuto\u011flu never once mentioned presidential system , and if they do n't insist on it there is a good chance that the parties may agree on a new constitution , which would be great . 
  and actually contrary to what you think , erdo\u011fan would be glad to bring back atat\u00fcrk 's constitution . 
  that 's pretty much what he wants . 
  a semi presidential system with a strong president , and 0 checks and balances . 
  atat\u00fcrk 's times were n't very democratic , you know . 
  pretty much all election systems in the world are designed to favor larger parties , in order to bring stability . 
  getting 57 % of the seats with 49 % of the vote is reasonable really . 
  a lot of countries has it much worse . 
  turkey also had horrible outcomes , like in 2002 akp got 66 % of seats with 34 % because of the threshold . 
  in this case , though , the threshold plays no role . 
  the vote percentage do not exactly match seats because most electoral districts are n't very large , and so d'hondt can not distribute seats evenly . 
  for example , k\u0131r\u015fehir province has two seats in the parliament , so akp gets both of them with 51 % vote there , and chp and mhp gets none with 24 % and 18 % votes . 
  it does n't necessarily work in favor of the large party though . 
  for example , sinop province also has two seats . 
  akp got 56 % and chp got 29 % there , and each got one seat . 
  so frankly , numerical coincidences determine the outcome , akp could have also gotten just 40 % of seats with 49 % of vote if distributed appropriately . 
  there are also other issues , small provinces get more mps per voter , provinces with young populations get more mps per voter , etc , which causes discrepancies . 
  i am not talking about who would fight for secularism ; the notion that the common folk supports sharia is just silly and ignorant . 
  akp 's base is not as sensitive about protecting secularism vigilantly like chp 's base is , but they are no sharia supporters either . 
  those that support sharia are a small minority . 
  of course religion is an important factor in voting and akp is certainly exploiting it , very much like the republicans in the us . 
  but there are not great issues regarding secularity that is at stake ; who has the power only affects some policy issues , like how much budget goes to diyanet , amount of religious education etc. 
  the real issue , which marks the difference between akp and others , is akp 's authoritarianism . 
  akp 's win is horrible , not because they are against secularism , but because they are against freedom of speech and press and they are taking the country to a dictatorship . 
   i hope that megalomaniac has n't crossed that sacred boundary and transcended into election fraude . 
  he would , if he could , the man has no respect for anything other than getting power . 
  i am sure small scale fraud happened in places , but large scale fraud affecting the election results is very difficult in turkey . 
  all steps are scrutinized by all parties , plus there are ngos and individuals that supervise them . 
  the prerequisite for rigging a ballot box is no other parties being present there , which is not the case almost anywhere , except some of the rural parts of the southeast where hdp is pretty much the only party . 
  if you live in turkey , i am pretty sure you never go out to street and watch any news . 
  but do n't take my word for it , see any poll results . 
  [ 12 % support sharia ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ ) according to the pew 's survey or example . 
  and if you know anything about turkey you 'd expect that number to be lower , not higher . 
  which it is ; you can see in the subsequent questions that less than one thirds of that 12 % actually support sharia ; the rest does n't know what sharia is . 
  akp 's vote is completely unrelated to secularism and sharia . 
  i wish it was , and i wish akp supported sharia ; they would just lose the elections and we would be done with them . 
  first of all , the problem with turkey is it is becoming a single party state where no viable chance of a power transition . 
  iran is not like that , power changes hands in every other election . 
  turkey 's case is like russia , not iran . 
  and what do you mean by islamism ? 
  akp is no doubt trying to increase the presence of religion in the public sphere . 
  but turkey will not even be like greece or norway in the foreseeable future ( with a state religion ) , let alone iran . 
  the worst akp may do is making undemocratic legislation influenced by religion to satisfy the conservative masses , like putin does by banning expression of homosexuality to appease his country 's conservatives . 
  turkey is turning into russia v2 .0 . 
  how is iran even remotely comparable ? 
  what a ridiculous comment . 
  is there a political party in turkey that advocate sharia law that we did n't hear about ? 
  you are really insane if you believe that common folk want sharia . 
  it would make more sense if you compared it to 2000s russia or even 1930s germany , even though they are very extreme examples . 
  persepolis does n't come close , not even remotely . 
  what is happening is , democracy and freedom is losing in turkey .
