  a think any neoliberal who is consistent in his beliefs and believes in the market forces would buy the cheaper raspberry at the same quality . 
  if they think that the subsidy on raspberries should be removed , they would fight for it in the parliament ; choosing unsubsidized raspberries has zero benefit for their cause and is a completely retarded behaviour . 
   social capitalism ( or others ) vs. neoliberalism is an ethical discourse . 
  the debate of course has ethical aspects in general , but it 's not the focus in this particular case . 
  a vegetarian would say to a meat eater `` you are doing something unethical , you should quit eating meat . '', 
  an abolitionist would say to a slave owner `` you are doing something unethical , you should not own people . '', 
  a neoliberal in general would not say to a person who receives some sort of government subsidy `` you are doing something unethical , you should not take that subsidy . '', 
  i mean , i would n't be surprised donald trump said that people on welfare are all leeches or something , but i do n't think verhofstadt suggested something in that line . 
  i do n't know him , but he probably does n't want all subsidies abolished either . 
  he may want less taxes and less subsidies , but until he achieves this goal , he will continue to pay more taxes and receive more subsidies , and i find that completely normal . 
   they probably actually would . 
  they actually do n't . 
  i was talking about massachusetts , although there may be other examples . 
  in 2013 , [ only 1,083 people chose to pay higher taxes . 
  ] ( http://nepr.net/news/2015/04/13/heres-a-question-massachusetts-do-you-voluntarily-pay-higher-taxes/ ) even elizabeth warren [ did not opt to pay higher taxes . 
  ] ( http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2012/04/20/warren_says_she_did_not_pay_voluntary_higher_tax.html ) and i do n't think she , as well as other millions of other people , are hypocrites . 
  advocating for higher taxes and donating money to the government are very different things . 
  in your meat eating example , yes that would be inconsistent . 
  however , it is not a valid comparison . 
  in your case , there is cruelty involved and it is an ethical decision . 
  perhaps you could use that example against slave owners who opposed slavery . 
  here , we are talking about economic policy . 
  he does n't claim receiving subsidies is unethical ( i imagine ) , he just thinks they should n't be in place because they are bad economic policies . 
   he wanted the house . 
  he had many other options that would 've been consistent with his beliefs but chose not to act on them . 
  let me get your logic straight . 
  say the government subsidizes raspberry farming , and he thinks it should n't . 
  should he quit raspberries , because raspberries are currently inconsistent with his beliefs ? 
  or every time he is buying raspberries , should he pay $ 1.2 instead of $ 1 because that would be the market price if those subsidies which he opposed were n't in place ? 
  everybody receives subsidies in obvious and non obvious ways , and everybody pays for those subsidies through taxes , that 's the system . 
  a person may think those subsidies should not be there , or perhaps other things should be subsidized . 
  these are economic and political views which have their proponents and deserve a debate , and the proponents of these views do not need to refrain from consuming the goods involved until their view prevails . 
  some people , me included , find that expectation very unreasonable . 
  a person may be opposed to higher taxes / higher subsidies as a matter of public policy ( i do n't know if verhofstadt is ) . 
  but he still has to pay those higher taxes which pays for those subsidies , because it is the law . 
  i think it would be foolish , not idealistic , if the person refused to get his tax money back through subsidies . 
  say a neoliberal politician lives in a completely redistributionist state , and all his income is taken by the state . 
  is he supposed to starve himself to death because he is ideologically opposed to subsidies ? 
  people from the other end of the political spectrum resort to this fallacy too . 
  i heard neoliberals saying ( and indeed , actually implementing ) `` let 's decrease the taxes , and if you guys want to have higher taxes so much , we will give you the option to pay higher taxes . '', 
  of course , nobody picks the option to pay higher taxes , and it 's not because they are intellectually inconsistent , it 's because they are not idiots . 
  they do n't enjoy paying taxes , they just want them to be higher so that the money can spent for whatever it was they were campaigning for . 
  it is a matter of public policy , it 's not about personal choices . 
   go fight against isis = joining isis . 
  great logic guys !, 
  my understanding was that `` getting into situations where they could fall into the hands of isis '' refers to the chance of being captured by isis ( not joining them ) , and it is a legitimate concern . 
  it is an awful predicament for governments to have their citizens at the hands of isis as hostages . 
  actually you were mostly correct , turks have been using the name istanbul since the 10th century , before its conquest by the ottomans . 
  during ottoman times , various names were used officially and unofficially : istanbul ( and its variants stamboul and islambol ) , dersaadet , kostantiniyye , p\u00e2yitaht , ... later , names other than istanbul became obsolete . 
  what happened in 1930 was n't a name change , rather the new postal law required using the official names for turkish cities on packages , so other countries also began using istanbul instead of constantinople . 
  i think this is rooted more in the americans ' desperate attempts to be politically correct , than sheer ignorance . 
  same goes for africans . 
  even black was not politically correct enough , so the term african american replaced it . 
  so , say , moroccans can not identify as africans in this context where continent names are used to identify races . 
  i guess using anything but the continent names is thought to be susceptible to become racial slurs , so they opted for them . 
  and i ca n't blame them for not making their phrases even longer , like * sub-saharan african american * or * eastern and southern asian american * . 
  there is no reason why the rest of the world should adopt this usage though . 
  i guess this has to do with the american way of categorizing races . 
  in the us , the term asian is understood to refer to a certain set of racial features , rather than geography . 
  so very few persians and armenians would identify as asian , even though their countries is and historically has always been located in asia . 
  doing otherwise would confuse americans . 
  so i suppose the meaning of the term would depend on the context . 
  but i thought greek olive oil was the most prestigious and expensive one in the us , am i mistaken ? 
  i would have expected the opposite , other countries ' olive oil sold as greek . 
  according to the second source he gave ( [ [ 2 ] ] ( http://www.oliveoiltimes.com/olive-oil-basics/greeks-leading-olive-oil-guzzlers/35304 ) ) the difference is n't so high ( less than twofold ) . 
  oh , and i checked the references for the first source ( wikipedia ) , it looks like some figures are misquoted . 
  [ according to their source ] ( http://cesonoma.ucdavis.edu/files/27181.pdf ) , portugal stands at 7.1 , not 1.8 . 
  some figures on the table on wikipedia are correct , some are wrong , looks like it has been vandalized . 
  turks are supposed to have came from central asia , and according to [ altaicists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/altaic_languages ) , turkish and korean languages are in the same family , which makes koreans turks ' distant cousins . 
  according to wikipedia this view is largely discredited , but this is what turks learn at school anyway . 
  actually , turkish schools still teaches [ ural -- altaist view ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/altaic_languages ) , which is even more obsolete . 
  so hungarians and finns are seen by the nationalists as cousins as well . 
  i believe hungary also has a political party that advocate something of the sort . 
  nationalists revere the ottoman empire , but they ca n't really be called neo-ottomanists . 
  basically you could say neo-ottomanists favor closer ties and more political engagement with former ottoman states , whereas nationalists favor ties with turkic states . 
  for example , neo-ottomanist rhetoric would focus more on palestine , and nationalists would focus on things like uyghurs in china , as in this case . 
  yes , i am sorry for implying that , it happens . 
  i guess that is why mods are applying no editorializing [ so strictly , ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37vbif/meta_rule_23_no_editorializing_needs_to_be ) even with best intentions summarizing can go wrong , it is usually best to stick with the article 's title . 
   i was trying to include important parts from the article . 
  i thought so , but in this case it is quite misleading . 
  it is likely that the group indeed shouted `` allahu akbar '' , this is one of their slogans that they use during such demonstrations , but it is not really a significant or expressive one . 
  i is understandable that foreign agencies mentioned the chanting , in that it is universally associated with islamists , which is also why putting it in the title is misleading . 
  to give context , this group has as much to do with islam as an average racist group in europe with christianity . 
  basically they use religion as one of the elements to define national identity , and that 's pretty much about it . 
  i would be surprised if a great many of them even knows what `` allahu akbar '' means in arabic . 
  i 'm rather surprised to hear that . 
  as far as i know korean and japanese people are seen overwhelmingly positively in turkey , and i did n't hear about any hostility against asians until this recent surge of sensitivity over uyghurs ( who are also asians , as this stupid group fails to notice ) . 
  sometimes turks unknowingly act in a way that would be perceived as racist elsewhere because they do n't know any better ( there is n't much racial diversity in turkey ) , but blatant racism surprised me . 
  i liked how you editorialised the title adding `` allahu akbar '' , making it sound like they are islamists . 
  not sure if intentional or because of your lack of knowledge about the group . 
  [ here is the video . 
  ] ( http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/gundem/29460272.asp ) and another incident from earlier this week , that they neglect to mention in this piece : [ istanbul chinese restaurant attacked in protest at uighur suppression ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/istanbul-chinese-restaurant-attacked-in-protest-at-uighur-suppression-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=84846&amp;newscatid=341 )  a chinese restaurant in istanbul , owned by a turkish citizen who employed a uighur cook , was attacked on july 1 by a group protesting china 's suppression of uighur turks living in east turkestan . 
  actually turkey agreed to do that , on the condition that visa requirements for turkish citizens are lifted . 
  i guess greece would be more than willing ( send back migrants + they would welcome more tourists from turkey ) , but especially germany does n't like the idea of allowing turks into europe without visas . 
  so you are right , that 's not going to happen soon . 
  another example , greece , ~ 27k , centuries under the ... oh wait , i take that back . 
  so ... should austria-hungary have been grey as well ? 
  also interesting to note , bulgaria was nominally part of the ottoman empire in 1880 . 
  it 's gotten its independence in 1908 . 
  ( the borders are completely wrong anyway , but never mind that .
