  there is also the [ ethnic cleansing of circassians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing_of_circassians ) . 
  this was n't strictly against turkey , but the survivors came here and they do n't have another country to represent them now . 
  it pains me that happened to them are very much unknown in most parts of the world , probably because unlike armenians they did not emigrate to the western europe and the us and raise awareness there , but only came to turkey and assimilate . 
  ( also russia was n't at war with anybody at the time , so the events had little propaganda value . ), 
   both too fat , too much meat . 
  wow , that 's a weird thing to say . 
  when i went abroad , i was actually surprised to find out how little meat we ate . 
  especially the netherlands seemed to be all about meat . 
  vegetarianism is n't really a thing in turkey , but a lot of dishes are traditionally vegetable based , without meat . 
  and according to statistics , [ turks consume less than one fourths of what the dutch eat as meat . 
  ] ( http://chartsbin.com/view/12730 ) northern europeans seems to think that turkish cuisine consists of d\u00f6ner kebab because that is what the immigrants sell in their countries , and so that is what they eat when they come to turkey ; but kebab and in general meat is hardly the cornerstone of turkish cuisine , as it is in many cuisines . 
  that depends on which part of turkey you went though . 
  my friend from southeast was shocked to learn that us aegeans did not eat meat every day . 
  i would assume greece is more like the aegean turkey as well , rather than the southeastern . 
   they 're now the puppets of the akp what ? 
  while that is indeed the etymology , today peshmerga is the official name of the military of iraqi kurdistan and only associated with it . 
  pkk or other organizations would n't call themselves peshmerga , especially not when they are not in friendly terms with barzani . 
  ( obviously they would n't call themselves `` terrorist '' either , generally `` guerrilla '' would be the word they would prefer . ), 
  it 's not like pkk is denying involvement in any of the attacks . 
  they are proud of them . 
  only when the attack is too sordid , even by their standards , they try to dodge it and beat around the bush like `` that attack was carried out by one of our units who acted independently without central administration 's orders blah blah ... '' , but in general there is no question who made the attack and they proudly admit it . 
  no other group in turkey has the manpower and the organization abilities to do what pkk has been doing anyway . 
  and it would be a petty conspiracy , what you have in mind . 
  * police : pkk killed this and that person today . 
  pkk : we did n't kill them . 
  conspiracy collapsed . 
  * which of course never happens , because pkk would n't want to disown its `` martyrs '' and lose the `` glory '' of those killings to another group . 
  but since you have the tin foil hat on , you may choose to believe that erdogan is secretly controlling pkk and pkk has been killing people to help erdogan 's political career , if you like . 
  ok , evidently you are the same person . 
  which means you knew you were lying when you first wrote in this thread . 
  go and continue spreading disinformation , i have got nothing else to say to you . 
  for others , the actual situation , which you already knew and deliberately pretended not to , is already in the linked thread . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/3ekurn/this_is_how_the_propaganda_works/ctg5qk4 i do n't know if you are the same person . 
  your style ( making the same false allegation and than quoting the same unrelated wikipedia piece the same way ) implies so , in which case explaining the same things again would be futile . 
  a reader who is genuinely curious and eager to learn can refer to the link above . 
  in short , the military junta indeed banned publishing in kurdish in 1983 , and in 1991 the parliament revoked the ban . 
  nah , ayran is better . 
  you should heed erdogan 's advice . 
  but seriously , ayran is the most amazing drink on earth . 
  i refuse to believe any drink can be better . 
  especially as i am being baked by summer heat ... 
  that 's not true balkan spirit . 
  all the dishes are yours ( whichever country you 're from ) , and all other balkan countries shamelessly stole them from you . 
  that 's the motto . 
   my point was that once you are out of jail , you are effectively ` innocent ' again ok . 
  but then the gays before 1967 was not a good example , they were innocent in the first place . 
  if you think they are effectively innocent again , those restrictions on sex offenders are equally bad ( much worse , actually , in terms of their effects ) . 
  if , however , you assume they are still menaces to society as those states do and justify ongoing restrictions after release , it is also not that difficult to justify americans ' restriction on voting . 
  yes , their potential to do harm by voting is very low because one person 's vote does n't matter much no matter how bad their intentions are , but if that 's the way you are looking at it then it is not a big deal to not give them the right to vote either . 
  and i think those restrictions in some american states go much further than public safety and i think voting would be a minor issue relatively , but anyway , people have different priorities . 
   i do n't think it is justifiable to strip the right to vote from someone who is no longer in prison , once you are back in normal society , you absolutely should have a say in how it is run . 
  i would agree with that . 
  my point was , a punishment can not be automatically ruled out because it would be bad to apply it to innocents , which i felt was your argument . 
  all punishments consist of stripping an individual from his rights , and stripping one of the right to vote is not more cruel than stripping him from the right to vote . 
  but yeah , in general i ca n't see much point in applying the second punishment longer than the first one , if we decide to apply it at all . 
  the end of incarceration is supposed to be the point where we assume the individual is rehabilitated , so it would make sense to return all their rights . 
  ( also note that , on that account , there are much worse issues in the us than life-long disenfranchisement . 
  the disenfranchised can still live a normal without lacking much , but for example the rights of sex offenders are restricted after release so much that they are sometimes [ forced to form `` sex offender colonies '' . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkmuuxgqdsg ) ), 
   there is a long and fairly universal history in minorities , religious groups , adherents to certain political ideologies and activists being arrested , jailed and otherwise persecuted until laws are changed true , but the point is they should not be jailed . 
  it is the laws that persecute and jail them that are wrong , not necessarily the disenfranchisement of criminals . 
  i am not trying to defend stripping criminals of the right to vote , but that is not a good argument against it . 
  those unfairly jailed people are being stripped of even more basic and more important democratic rights than the right to vote , e.g. 
  they can not join protests , actively participate in ngos , try to change people 's minds etc. 
  maybe you were not focusing on individual rights here , but you mean to say that not being able to vote diminishes their chance of changing the unfair law , but those other rights which are denied are much more important in comparison . 
  the jail vote generally wo n't change the election result , but their protests and campaigning could otherwise have affected the general population . 
  of course , it would be much better if they could vote , but it would also be much better if they were not jailed so they could affect election results even more , but neither are good reasons to abolish those punishments for all criminals . 
  what rights all criminals should have is a different issue from granting non-criminals their rights . 
   but you could use it as an example as to why you do n't use irreversible punishments ( like the death penalty . . ) exactly what i wanted to say . 
  yes , some people are convicted despite being innocent , and the criminal code must be written in consideration of that . 
  punishments like death penalty and amputation are irreversible and cruel , and should never be applied . 
  torture , while not irreversible , is so terrible that we definitely do n't want to risk subjecting innocents to it , among other reasons . 
  jailing innocents is also very bad , but at some point we have to start taking that risk . 
  everybody would have different rankings on how cruel punishments are , but i believe for most people death and torture would be very high on the list , and not being able to cast a vote once in four years would be very low . 
  ( i am not belittling the collective right to vote at all , if the members of my ethnicity were disenfranchised , that would be something definitely worth fighting for ; but compared to the right to be free , i would n't mind individually forfeiting the right to vote , whose effect on the result is negligible anyway ) . 
  whether it would help any purpose to deny criminals that right , and whether it would hurt the person 's rehabilitation etc. 
  are different issues , but in terms of risking it to apply innocents , i would have much less problems erroneously disenfranchising innocents than erroneously jailing them , so i think `` what about the innocents '' does not really work here . 
   so in your view anyone who was gay before 1967 should n't be allowed to vote ? 
  that 's an unfair attack to his views . 
  of course nobody would want to see gay people disenfranchised , regardless on their view on this issue , because we all believe they were innocent people unjustly thrown into prison . 
  you could use the same argument to say that people should n't be jailed at all . 
  against people defending imprisonment you could say '' * so in your view anyone who was gay before 1967 should be jailed ? 
  * '' of course gay people should not be jailed , and nor should other innocent people who are still being convicted due to the imperfections of justice system . 
  that 's unrelated to this case . 
  his russian passport is dated 2013 ( before the annexation ) , it seems that he is just a russian who was born in ukraine when his parents were on holiday or permanently residing there . 
  and this does n't entitle him to ukrainian passport , as i said ukraine does not have jus soli . 
  we should not neglect to mention that the police 's behavior in the video is also indefensible . 
  the treatment of detainees is very inappropriate and the officer 's language is extremely counterproductive in this environment , especially as this video goes viral . 
  i can understand the psychology the police in the video are in : their colleagues are getting killed everyday and they and their families live under great stress . 
  but they have to restrain themselves , and the government must see to it that they do . 
  the last thing i 'd like to see would be a return to the lawlessness of the 90s . 
  the interior ministry [ launched a probe ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-launches-probe-into-footage-of-alleged-police-brutality.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=86646&amp;newscatid=509 ) , i hope it wo n't be just for the show . 
  i do n't know the legal procedures in russia , but presumably the person did n't ask them to list crimea as russia . 
  the government authorities issuing the passport decided to list crimea as such for some reason , and the person indeed did not have a say in the matter . 
  i do n't know what do you expect him to do if it was the government 's stance . 
  the only thing he could do to circumvent this problem would be to find people to give false testimony that he was actually born in , say , sochi ; and try to officially change his birthplace . 
   ukrainian passports are perfectly valid . 
  russian citizens are not entitled to ukrainian passports . 
  and if you mean he might be a ukrainian citizen because he was born in crimea , ukraine ; ukraine does n't have [ jus soli ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli ) so we have no reason to think he holds ukrainian citizenship . 
  yes , and resigning from parties is not just a formality , the president is required by the constitution to remain impartial .
