i do n't see why did they cut it only to the eu countries when [ their source includes all european countries . 
  ] ( http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0008/284750/ehr_high_en_web.pdf?ua=1 ) especially annoying because we are the proud first in this ( not counting andorra ) . 
  it 's as if they are trying to hide our success . 
  [ there is such an agreement , actually , ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-25398872 ) conditioned on lifting visa requirements for turks . 
  it is not applied since eu is unwilling to allow visa-free travel . 
  on the contrary , the agreement [ could be terminated the way things are going . 
  ] ( http://www.dailysabah.com/diplomacy/2015/05/22/eu-readmission-agreement-at-stake-if-visas-not-lifted-turkeys-eu-minister ) greece would love to honor the agreement , that would help with the refugee crisis and they would also get a lot of much-needed revenue from turkish tourists . 
  but some countries fear that allowing turkish tourists might increase turkish immigration . 
  it does n't appear well-founded to me , turkey is not like mexico where people are trying to go to the respective country illegally for work as far as i know ( there was immigration in the past because germany officially wanted turkish workers ) , but anyway . 
   some old fashioned foot patrol on the 5 ? 
  beaches where boarding happens . 
  some old fashioned road blocks checking for nice shinny dinghies . 
  ok , let 's have them patrolling . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  let 's say they saw a group of people who did n't appear to be turkish , with some sailing equipment . 
  they asked for their papers , found they are in turkey legally . 
  what then ? 
  he can not arrest them or confiscate their equipment just because he believes they are likely to go to greece illegally . 
  they allowed sail for their pleasure , many tourists do that . 
  as long as they are there legally , the patrols wo n't be able to do anything about it . 
   2-3 coast guard ships patrolling the area in turkish waters . 
  they saw a boat , boarded it , checked their papers , they are legal . 
  all they can do is warn them to remain in the turkish waters . 
  they can arrest them if they try to enter greek waters , but when they do that they are already outside of turkey 's jurisdiction . 
  all they can do is warn the greek authorities . 
   arrest the mofo smugglers . 
  everybody knows them in that area . 
  they are the guys with shinny new cars . 
  i guess you are from the area and more informed about the situation than i am . 
  of course if there are any known smugglers they should be arrested . 
   we both know that 99 % of the traffic comes from guys buying dinghies in bulk . 
  again , you may know the situation in the area more than i do . 
  i just know our summer house and the villages around it . 
  if i was trying to reach to the near greek island , i would n't even need a rubber boat , i could just swim there . 
  if i was carrying something , an inflatable boat would probably be enough . 
  i guess a migrant could do the same thing . 
  in any case , i do n't know why do you care about the vessel they use . 
  i was just giving inflatable boat as an example ( that 's what i would do ) , but of course they can buy something more sturdy like dinghy . 
  for god 's sake , i just gave you the example of them buying a large $ 60,000 boat , they can even buy that if they are willing to pay . 
   yep . 
  close that area . 
  wtf ? 
  so the state will expropriate the private properties in the area , move people who are living there to elsewhere , and limit access there at i-don ` t-know-how-much cost only to make migrants sail from elsewhere to kos , chios and countless other islands ? 
  the only way such a solution works is doing it all along the aegean coast , which would cost $ 1 trillion or something probably . 
  and why ? 
  because greece does n't protect its territorial waters , so turkey must close down its own territory . 
  are you serious ? 
  as i said , all turkey can do is arrest human traffickers , nothing more . 
  if an afghani citizen is in turkey on a valid tourist visa , he can go to the supermarket and buy a inflatable boat like everyone else , and he can sail in turkey 's waters like everyone else . 
  there is no way and no reason to prevent that . 
  if he enters greek territorial waters only then he would be committing a crime , and it is greece 's responsibility to arrest him . 
  let 's say turkey made that area a military zone and you ca n't sail without permits , do you think it will make any difference in the overall situation ? 
  almost all the islands that are just a few kilometers from turkey 's coast belong to greece . 
  let alone dinghies , i could easily swim to the next greek island from our summer house for fun , if it was n't for the fact that i would get arrested when i land ; and the problem is the refugees do n't get arrested , they are just allowed to continue to mainland . 
  all that turkey can do is crack down on human traffickers , but in most cases refugees just buy a dinghy and sail themselves as co-op . 
  what do you expect police to do about it when they are not breaking the law ? 
  just two days ago , [ 135 of them bought a large boat for $ 60,000 and sailed all the way to rhodes . 
  ] ( http://www.haberturk.com/gundem/haber/1131338-marmariste-135-kis-satin-aldigi-tekneyle-rodosa-gecti ) i guess next step , a few thousand of them will buy a large ship and sail directly to italy !, 
  the state can not prevent boat owners from selling their boats , and they can not accompany every boat so that they wo n't breach other countries ' territorial waters . 
  it is the respective countries ' duty to protect their territorial waters . 
  sure thing . 
  if i could see the future , i would probably prefer turkey under catholic rule back then as well . 
  we would all be catholic , but we would all be prosperous by now , and catholic thing would n't have mattered much after the enlightenment anyway . 
  it would make sense for a croatian , but few other people in balkans would prefer catholics over ottoman in the 14th century . 
  they tended to be more oppressive to orthodox christians ; ottomans at least permitted religious freedoms . 
  most would take 19th century austrians over ottomans though . 
  post-enlightenment austria was obviously better than ottoman administration . 
  back in 14th century , however , when ottoman rule in bulgaria/elsewhere started , most balkan people definitely preferred ottomans . 
  catholic european nations were far more repressive . 
  exactly , we elected erdo\u011fan because he promised us that every household would get a bulgarian slave . 
  it 's been years and he did n't deliver on that , that 's why his approval rates has been falling . 
  and it turns out there were n't enough bulgarians for that anyway ; the guy was a total fraud . 
  the opposition leader promises syrian slaves , that seems more feasible , i think we are going to vote for him this time . 
   thrace is also thessaloniki , komotini and xanthi . 
  it 's kardzhali and vardar . 
  if we go a little further it 's skopje and pristina , it 's sarajevo . 
  it seems oversensitive to take offense from that . 
  i mean , i would get the resentment if thrace was the turkish name of the area , but it is the same name in all three languages . 
  [ turkey has eastern thrace , greece has western thrace , bulgaria has northern thrace . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thrace ) , that 's just the way it is . 
  i could n't find what he said in the 2015 link . 
  probably his usual `` ottomans were awesome '' stuff . 
  he would be shocked to learn that some bulgarians do n't agree that ottomans were awesome and desperately want it back . 
  but territory-wise , i do n't think anybody in turkey would even think of bulgaria . 
  when 15-year-old ultra-nationalists make greater turkey maps on ms paint for masturbation purposes , they usually only annex greece , and leave bulgaria alone . 
  true , there are a lot of turkish immigrants in some european countries , but that 's because [ they wanted turkish workers at the time . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turks_in_europe#the_.22gastarbeiters.22_.28guest_workers.29 ) it 's not like turkey is in a situation similar to mexico-us , where turks are trying to go there at all costs ; none of the migrants who are trying to cross aegean are turkish citizens . 
  if germany does n't want further turkish workers , it is sufficient that they do n't take new legal immigrants . 
  making things harder for visitors is a bit of overkill . 
   for the moment , becoming a springboard for global migration to europe , it 's one of the worst thing that can happen on this path . 
  unless migrants manage to counterfeit turkish passports , or turkey starts to give them citizenship , those are largely unrelated issues . 
  again , we are not talking about opening borders here , they will check your passport in airport and borders . 
  it is only related insomuch as [ turkey wants to use it as leverage about lifting visas . 
  ] ( http://www.dailysabah.com/diplomacy/2015/05/22/eu-readmission-agreement-at-stake-if-visas-not-lifted-turkeys-eu-minister ) i agree , it will happen sooner or later ; european leaders are just dragging their feet because they have long played on the fear that turkish immigrants will overflow europe if it is accepted to the eu . 
  it was n't an islamic state either . 
  it was just the sultan 's state , as turkish and as islamic as the sultan at the time wished . 
  some laws were influenced by the islamic tradition , some were n't . 
  ( i agree with your point though . ), 
  but did the turkish government not adequately condemned the event at the time ? 
  ( i 'm asking because i do n't know . ),
