  normally he can not go against turkey 's wishes too much because he is dependent on turkish money but as i said , after unification it wo n't be necessary . 
  what can turkey do to prevent him from accepting the deal that includes that provision ? 
  well , there is [ osman can ] ( http://arsiv.sabah.com.tr/2008/07/27/haber,9a9fd750072542dd9d2cf876476c42aa.html ) , member of the central executive committee , and he is also doing [ coalition talks ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/national_parties-say-preliminary-coalition-talks-go-productive-as-erdogan-insists-on-early-election_394544.html ) with chp at the moment . 
  i do n't actually know the religious affiliation of other mkyk members of akp ( so i should n't have used plural ) , but i know a lot of nonreligious members of akp who are there mostly because of economy policy and other reasons . 
  ( i even had an atheist gay friend in university who was a fervent akp supporter . 
  indeed there was a time when akp was the most liberal party around . ), 
  yeah , but even if they remained fully religious , a healthy society should not be based on hard divisions . 
  a group of people seeing another group of their countrymen as ` the other ' , without much interaction , is no good . 
   turkey has made conditions that they know cyprus wont accept , such as the continued military presence of turkey . 
  this is the third time i am seeing this claim . 
  how is turkey making conditions , when it is not part of the negotiations ? 
  as long as the current situation continues , northern cypriot government is dependent on turkey , so yeah , they would affect their decisions ; but the continued military presence of turkey concerns after unification , and turkey ca n't do anything if the two governments decide to unify under that condition . 
   turkey moving in turks from their countryside into northern cyprus is a un mandated definition of genocide . 
  what ? 
  it might be against the geneva convention or something , but i am pretty sure turkish people moving to cyprus for more sunshine does not constitute `` genocide '' . 
  i certainly believe that the youth today is less religious than the previous generation , there is no comparison . 
  ( it is true that religion became more visible recently , but it is because religious people became more integrated to civil society and i believe that is a good thing . ), 
  for example , according to [ this survey ] ( http://www.konda.com.tr/tr/raporlar/2007_09_konda_gundelik_yasam.pdf ) ( p. 33 ) , in the 18-28 age bracket 49 % are religious , 51 % are nonreligious , whereas for the ages 44 + , 74 % are religious and 26 % are nonreligious . 
  if the economy continues to grow , i believe the trend will only speed up . 
   how is the country divided geographically in terms of religion ? 
  i imagine the further you get away from europe and istanbul the more religious the country is ? 
  it is exactly divided that way . 
  i do n't know any map about religiosity levels , but chp votes are [ strongly correlated ] ( http://www.konda.com.tr/tr/raporlar/konda_30mart2014_yerelsecimanalizi.pdf ) ( p. 28 ) with nonreligiosity , so [ map of chp votes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:turkish_general_election_chp_votes_by_province.png ) gives an idea . 
  european part and the western coast is least religious , central parts are more religious and the kurds in the southeast are the most religious group . 
  ( i should note that in this election ethnicity played a more important role than religion in the kurdish vote , so most kurds voted for the pro-kurdish party which is secular , so their party hdp is in the ironic situation of being the least religious party with [ one of the most religious electorate ] ( http://www.konda.com.tr/tr/raporlar/konda_30mart2014_yerelsecimanalizi.pdf ) ( p. 27 ) in the country , on par with akp )  what 's turkey 's relationship like with saudi arabia ? 
  by saudi arabian standards , 90 % of turks are infidels and 10 % are moderate muslims . 
  oh , at least half the country is religious , there is no doubt about that . 
  but most polls show religiosity has been declining , which is not surprising given its negative correlation with wealth . 
  the votes erdogan get is n't a good indicator of religiosity levels . 
  since 2002 akp has been successful in consolidating the centre-right voters , and the votes they get reveal the right-left split , rather than religiosity directly . 
  a lot of religious people are against them , and there are nonreligious people voting for them ( heck , there are even high ranking akp officials who are atheist ) . 
  and akp 's votes are in the decline anyway . 
  what gave you the idea that turks are growing more religious ? 
  the surveys that i have seen usually indicate the opposite . 
  i do n't know the details of mexico 's scheme , but negative income tax does n't mean the state will complement people 's incomes to a minimum value . 
  rather , they will receive a proportion of the difference , say 50 % , so they still have incentives to get higher paying jobs . 
  and you should n't only think of it as giant companies underpaying their workers . 
  in a lot of countries , perhaps mexico included , many are self employed in low paying jobs , they sell fruits at the market , they have a small barber shop , they fix people 's plumbing , etc. 
  the government usually has to give subsidies to them one way or another when they ca n't make ends meet , and i think negative income tax is a fine way of doing that . 
  what the minimum wage should be is a related , but different issue . 
  yes , [ negative income tax ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/negative_income_tax ) is a cool idea . 
  although , wikipedia claims that it has never been fully implemented , so what mexico is doing might be different , i am not sure . 
   the plan does not envision turkish ground troops entering syria , although long-range artillery could be used across the border . 
  turkish ground forces would work on their side of the border to stem the islamic state 's ability to infiltrate foreign fighters and supplies into syria . 
  it would be too big a decision to be taken by a lame duck government anyway . 
  also a risky one politically , considering we may have early elections this november and the voters overwhelmingly oppose the idea ( 91 % according to a [ poll just this month ] ( http://www.diken.com.tr/gezici-arastirmasi-her-10-kisiden-dokuzu-suriyeye-askeri-bir-operasyona-karsi/ ) , although support may have increased after the attacks by isis and pkk against turkey ) . 
  and i should have mentioned , pkk already [ declared an end to the cease-fire ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/latest-news_pkk-linked-group-declares-end-of-cease-fire-says-will-target-all-of-turkeys-dams_393487.html ) weeks ago , and dozens of attacks they carried out shows they meant it . 
  it is outlandish that media outlets imply or openly suggest that turkey broke the cease-fire yesterday and pkk started retaliating today , when they all have reporters in turkey who can not have missed all the headlines regarding pkk 's recent attacks and declarations . 
  if you mean barzani is willingly allowing pkk to stay in northern iraq , no , that 's not the case . 
  it is true that northern iraqi government does not actively fight against pkk to drive them out , possibly to avoid another [ kurdish civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_kurdish_civil_war ) ( when barzani forces fought against pkk and others , with turkey 's support ) , but they are enemy or at best rival factions . 
  and in fight against pkk , turkey has always bombed its camps at northern iraq , and sometimes sent ground troops there . 
  it was bound to : all the pkk camps are there , and turkish-iraqi border is very mountainous and very hard to control , so pkk carries out attacks based from there ( militants arrive , make an attack and immediately flee back to iraq ) , so catching pkk members that are stationed in turkey is a very small part of the issue . 
  and pkk 's breaking the truce does n't have much to do with isis . 
  perhaps i should have mentioned it in my post above , but they already declared the truce ended as they were carrying out those attacks , saying that it is because [ `` turkey is building military posts , roads and dams '' ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/latest-news_pkk-linked-group-declares-end-of-cease-fire-says-will-target-all-of-turkeys-dams_393487.html ) so hitting isis only would not really help , and it would not be politically expedient . 
  if the government started acting against isis but continued to stay passive against pkk , it would come under heavy fire for it . 
  i am really baffled by the way most foreign newspapers are covering the events of this week . 
  pkk has been kidnapping and killing civilians , police officers , soldiers over the last few weeks ; and there were virtually no coverage of that . 
  then they announced turkey 's bombing as `` is turkey breaking the truce ? '', 
  as if there remained one . 
  now this time this makes headlines everywhere , and people are like `` turkey broke the truce , what did they expect ? 
  '' , as if turkey first attacked pkk camps out of the blue using isis attacks as an excuse , and now pkk is retaliating . 
  on top of that , most papers are announcing the events as `` turkey is attacking kurds '' , like kurds are a monolithic group . 
  some even report it as `` turkey is attacking iraqi kurds '' , all the more misleading as iraqi kurds are probably the closest thing turkey has to an ally in the region . 
  thank you . 
  yes , the territorial waters is the underlying issue . 
  i wo n't go into turkey 's and greece 's arguments in that case , it all comes down to the fact that turkey would ideally prefer 6-mile territorial waters and airspace , and greece would prefer 12-mile , and both sides employ whatever legal and political tactic they can find . 
  and in doing that , they convince themselves that they are inarguably and unequivocally in the right , so in the end , the slightest compromise is understood as `` giving up what is rightfully ours '' . 
  probably readers from either side sneer at this point : `` hell right we wo n't give up , how dare you equate our positions , the other side is completely wrong '' ( because that is what their government and press have always taught ) and this abhorrent self-righteousness means a solution can never be reached . 
  i only wish turkey and greece had leaders and populations sensible enough to sit down and talk about their concerns and arguments and find common ground , but nationalists on either side benefit from everlasting conflict , and as long as they remain politically significant , nobody will budge an inch . 
  firstly , greece continuously violates turkish 6 mile line as well , almost every week . 
  secondly , i am sorry for taking you seriously , i genuinely thought you made an actual assertion . 
  unless someone else would be so nice as to provide a source that rest of the world recognizes greece 's 10 mile claim , i assume you just made it up . 
  as far as i know , turkey 's violations of greece 's undisputed airspace are rare , as is greece 's of violations of turkey 's undisputed airspace . 
  i believe they both usually occur by mistake , and they would probably be in comparable counts . 
  the counts on that image seems to be according to greek military , so dogfights in the disputed airspace is counted as turkish violations , hence the large numbers . 
  from the point of view of turkey , the counts would be asymmetrical the other way around . 
  are you sure you are not confusing two issues here ? 
  casus belli is about territorial waters . 
  turkey recognizes the territorial waters as 6 miles , and so does greece ( because of casus belli ) and rest of the world . 
  so everybody currently agrees on 6 miles , although greece says it reserves the right to expand it in the future . 
  apart from this , there is the issue of airspace , which is what we are talking about . 
  here , greece claims it as 10 miles and turkey recognizes it as 6 miles . 
  you may be right that rest of the world recognizes greece 's claim and i have not heard about it . 
  but you need to provide a source about that . 
  i have n't heard that was the case . 
  can you provide a source ? 
  you are confusing the two things here . 
  the issue is the airspace , and and according to icao statues , which greece is also a member , the airspace must coincide with the boundary of the territorial waters . 
  greece is unique in claiming an airspace that does not coincide with the boundary of the territorial waters . 
  in any case , there is no point in trying to determine who is in the right legally here . 
  the point is , both side have their reasons and legal arguments , and to take a nationalistic and self-righteous viewpoint and claim that you are totally in the right just leads to endless quarrels like the two countries are currently having . 
  turkey is not claiming any additional territory here . 
  i am not sure if you have read the article , but the issue is , greece claims 10 miles airspace ( as opposed to 6 miles , which is also the current territorial waters ) , and turkey rejects this claim . 
  i did n't claim you are a nationalist , you suggested it yourself . 
  if you are saying you are not , that is a good thing . 
  but it is hard to believe that you are not , if you claim that `` the right is objectively on greece 's side . '', 
  which law and treaty are you talking about ? 
  according to icao statues , the airspace always coincides with the boundary of the territorial waters , which in this case is 6 miles . 
  greece claims 10 miles instead , and it has arguments for that , but to say that `` we are 100 % right '' is clearly indicates a biased viewpoint . 
  i am not offended because i am not a stupid nationalist .
