  i do n't know why people are trying to spin this around and make it look as if it is about secularism , it has nothing to do with it . 
  it seems that , unfortunately , common folk just wants to live with a strong single party government at the expense of democracy . 
   other than that as much as i hate akp its kinda unfair to call them islamists . 
  even if they are , they didnt make any laws based on quran or islam when they easly could . 
  exactly . 
  i am very annoyed to keep seeing comments on how secular parties are , if akp is moderate islamist , if mhp is islamist or secular etc. . . as if this election is about that . 
  this election is about ** authoritarianism ** of akp . 
  the outcome will affect if turkey will move towards becoming a proper dictatorship with no freedom of speech . 
  there are not great issues regarding secularity that is at stake ; who has the power only affects some policy issues , like how much budget goes to diyanet , amount of religious education etc. 
  i agree on all other accounts , except i would n't call hdp not secular . 
  the party is secular , though it is base is indeed not so much . 
  most kurds are very religious and conservative , and they are voting for non-religious hdp for nationalistic reasons . 
  but , about that poll , i do n't think those who oppose la\u00efcit\u00e9 necessarily support sharia . 
  most of them would at most support something like greece or norway . 
  i would be surprised to see one fifths of the country actually supporting sharia law , i saw no poll results that high . 
  that poll certainly gives an idea how secular each party 's voters are though . 
   at this point i 'm just hoping that the gulen raid manages to knock off a few percentages and force a coalition government . 
  i am not very hopeful about that . 
  they have been preparing their base for that for more than a year now with incredible propaganda . 
  i guess most akp voters , when saw the news , must have said `` what took them so long ? 
  they must have raided them sooner , how can terrorists own tv networks ? '', 
  seriously , turkey is more or less an orwellian hell right now . 
  just [ look at this page ] ( http://www.terorarananlar.pol.tr/detaylar/sayfalar/kirmizi.aspx ) , g\u00fclen in the red list of wanted terrorists , next to the ringleaders of isis and pkk . 
  and their base swallowed that , even though they know that g\u00fclen and his followers are no more violent than a bucket of mashed potatoes . 
  they forgot instantly at command all the praises of g\u00fclen that the akp media has been feeding them . 
  i expect the two minutes hate to be a thing soon , accompanied by a photo of g\u00fclen . 
    any loss of seats from akp would be a good thing  except if those votes go to mhp i guess on the contrary , especially those that go to mhp are important . 
  see [ bipartisan policy center 's analysis ] ( http://bipartisanpolicy.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/bpc-national-security-turkey-snap-election.pdf ) , or any analysis really . 
  how the votes will change between mhp and akp will determine the outcome of the election . 
  other exchanges do not affect the number of mps much , only one or two of them , but between akp and mhp a lot of seats are at stake with a small margin . 
  if i was in one of those provinces where akp and mhp are the only contenders , i would definitely vote for mhp , even though i am very much not a nationalist . 
  ( i would also vote for hdp in those akp vs. hdp provinces even though i am not a hdp voter , but as i said , akp-mhp provinces are the critical ones for this election ) . 
  that election was horrible in terms of percentage of votes wasted and how it affected the turkish politics ; but uk system is still far worse . 
  in the uk and other fptp countries wasted votes regularly exceed 50 % ( [ 52.8 % in the 2010 election ] ( http://www.electoral-reform.org.uk/wasted-votes ) ) . 
  in turkey not even the worst elections are that bad ( 45 % as you pointed out ) , and regularly it is more around 5-10 % . 
  ( actually the numbers are a bit higher than those , since there are additional wasted votes in provinces due to d'hondt , but not much as long as electoral districts are not very small ) . 
  thanks for that , i thought he could actually be sentenced to decades in jail ( and i still thought he should be extradited ) . 
  i 've read some articles that claimed [ `` it emerged he might be sentenced to 50 years in jail . 
  '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/10289709/roman-polanski-us-persecuted-me-when-they-tried-to-extradite-me.html ) , i wonder where they get the idea . 
  if what you said is true , then i agree with polanski supporters , american justice system sucks , but for the opposite reason . 
  i understand from what you wrote that they were going to sentence him in accordance with the [ article 261.5 of ca penal code , apparently ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ages_of_consent_in_the_united_states#california ) , i.e. 
  unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor under 18 . 
  that allows giving probation . 
  the same page says that if the minor is under 14 , the punishment is fifteen years to life for the same crime . 
  so basically the court accepts that he had sex with the girl , and sentences him according to the punishment for having sex with someone between ages 14-18 , when she is indisputably not in that age bracket . 
  i know that the legal system in the us is different from continental europe and judges have more liberty , but what the fuck ? 
  this is outrageous . 
  i get not charging a person with a graver crime if it will be hard to prove and enter to a plea agreement instead ; but here convicting him of the lesser crime automatically makes him guilty of the greater crime . 
  seriously , what the fuck ? 
  this is like you murder alice by decapitation , and you enter a plea agreement which confirms that you decapitated him , and the court sentences you 1 month in jail for causing bodily harm to alice , by intentionally separating his head from his body . 
  turkey got into this mess precisely because erdo\u011fan and davuto\u011flu thought turkey had a rightful role as the most influential and strongest country in the me . 
  so no thanks . 
  the real question is when will turkey stop being so involved in me affairs and once again turn its face to europe . 
  ( i miss the days when europe occupied 90 % of the foreign news in turkey and the me was like a far away land . 
  those were the days . ), 
  the answer is hopefully very soon , unless akp manages to win back the majority . 
  i see what you mean , i thought you meant there are places within turkey 's borders that are controlled by pkk or isis , and that people think turkey should send 4-5 divisions there to reoccupy them and wipe the militants there . 
  i was thinking how can someone with turkish flair can be so deluded . 
  sure , the majority of people support continuing militarily fighting pkk if that 's what you meant . 
  `` sending the divisions somewhere '' implies that the divisions are not there , which is not the case , the military and the police is present in all of turkey ; it 's just that the government was n't permitting them to fight pkk because of the solution process . 
  there is nothing that the military can do against isis ( in turkey ) though . 
  their members/sympathizers are civilians , that 's the intelligence 's and police 's job to catch them . 
  it appears that they are keeping their votes . 
  akp 's strategy before the election was keeping hdp under the % 10 threshold . 
  now it seems that they gave up on the kurdish vote that they lost to hdp , and are going after the nationalist vote that they lost to mhp instead . 
  pretty much all polls indicate that mhp will lose some vote to akp this time . 
   majority of the people ( including conservatives , nationalists , democrats and liberals ) ususally think that we should send 4-5 divisions and wipe everyone ( especially isis and pkk ) out '' inside our borders '' what on earth are you talking about ? 
  sending divisions to somewhere in turkey ? 
  where ? 
  it 's not like pkk or isis have camps within turkey 's borders that you can send the military and wipe out . 
  there are isis and pkk supporters in cities of course , but that is not a military matter , police needs to arrest them , gather evidence etc. 
   how to turks feel about killings in their country these days ? 
  well , this did n't make the news in turkey at all , and i do n't know any other killings these days , maybe i missed those . 
  i saw some news about this when i googled it , but it was n't on the front page anywhere , i doubt a lot of people heard about it . 
  there is a lot going on ( elections in two days ) and a syrian killing another syrian does n't make the headlines , even if it is happening on this side of the border for a change . 
  if you are referring to the bombing by isis in ankara , well , everybody is worried , and most are blaming akp 's foreign policy , but i do n't think a lot of akp supporters are switching from akp to other parties because of it , most of their base continue to vote for them for other reasons . 
  how does that give validity to his claim that he served his sentence ? 
  i 'm being tried for murder , i flee to poland before being sentenced and claim the judge whispered to my ear that the time that i was in jail during trial was sufficient . 
  should i be free to go ? 
  of course he was hoping that he would get probation . 
  maybe the judge was also planning to give him no prison sentence , counting those 42 days as his punishment . 
  or maybe not , or maybe he changed his mind . 
  we ca n't know it now , can we , since he fled ? 
  you do n't have the right to accept your sentence only if it will be to your liking , and flee if you get the impression that it will be severer than you like . 
  that 's not how the justice system works in any country . 
  i guess some could say that they distinguish between his work and his earlier crimes , but mel gibson basically became an outcast after saying some racial slurs to a cop while drunk . 
  reportedly [ hangover 2 's lead actors had him expelled from the cast ] ( http://www.salon.com/2010/10/22/mel_gibson_mike_tyson_hangover_2/ ) , and they were fine with working with mike tyson , a convicted rapist . 
  ( i am not saying they should not have worked with tyson , but the standards are a bit weird ) . 
   but as a result of a plea bargain he pleaded guilty to only one count of unlawful sex with a minor . 
  he served 42 days in jail . 
  believing the sentencing judge might overrule the deal and impose a long jail term , he fled to france in february 1978 . 
  nothing in your quote is factually incorrect , but it appears to be deliberately misleading , and it is understandable how you misunderstand it if you did n't have prior knowledge . 
  what / u/benjamin-cat told you is of course correct , you can see any source , e.g see http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34679695 he underwent 42 days of psychiatric evaluation in prison . 
  that was n't his sentence . 
  if it was , the judge could not sentence him to more time in jail , that would be against the [ fifth amendment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifth_amendment_to_the_united_states_constitution ) ( [ double jeopardy clause ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_jeopardy_clause ) ) . 
  he underwent psychiatric evaluation as agreed in the plea , and fled the country before he could be sentenced , so we do n't know what the judge would have sentenced him . 
  according to his statements , he was hoping to get probation , and fled when he got the impression that his sentence would be decades in prison instead . 
  it is rare to see a muslim who support sharia law here , pretty much everybody is opposed to it . 
  even our so called islamists do not support sharia . 
  i would imagine most turks in western europe would be similar , even though they tend to be more conservative than those in turkey .
