  isla de arosa is not in the mediterranean , but is in spain . 
  and spain gets called a mediterranean country all the time . 
  it means that the country is mostly associated with that sea , not that it is completely surrounded by it . 
   the thing is that this airspace is above greek land , meaning the turkish jet can easily let a bomb fall and explode on greek land if the pilot wants to , which makes us greeks nervous . 
  what ? 
  how could that be ? 
  the airspace above greek land belongs to greece , and its 6-mile vicinity also belongs to greece , i do n't think either side disputes that . 
  the disagreement is the 6-mile - 10-mile region . 
  and even if it was , the only case turkish jets drop a bomb on greece would be if the two countries go into war , in which case either side would n't really care about violating each other 's airspace . 
   government of turkey and the turkish settlers are much more hardline than the turkish cypriots are . 
  as far as i know it is completely the opposite . 
  government of turkey is more eager for a solution because cyprus is a huge burden on turkey 's shoulders , both economically and politically , so it would welcome a solution as soon as possible , as long as the rights of the turks are guaranteed . 
  for the turkish cypriot government , its own existence is at stake , so they tend to favor either a loose confederation or separate states . 
  remember turkey supported the annan plan in 2004 when the turkish cypriot president campaigned for no . 
  turkish people who immigrated after 1974 and their descendants are also much more willing for a solution than native cypriots . 
  native turkish cypriots already have right to citizenship of cyprus , they are eu citizens and have the rights this entails . 
  they can live with the status quo , so they are much more hardline about a solution . 
  however , turks who went there after 1974 are only citizens of an unrecognized country . 
  they want to have the same rights as the rest of the population , so they consistently vote for pro-solution candidates , like ak\u0131nc\u0131 . 
  if it was n't for them , the likes of denkta\u015f would probably continue to win presidential elections . 
  well , the reason is obvious , almost all the islands in the aegean sea belong to greece , so against the current [ 6 miles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:aegean_6_nm.svg ) , possible extension of [ 12 miles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:aegean_12_nm.svg ) makes a great difference . 
  it would make the aegean a `` greek lake '' , as people used to say . 
  yes , i googled and found no mention of them in the turkish media . 
  newspapers occasionally report violations by greek coast guard ( [ november 13 ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/greek-turkish-navies-play-cat-and-mouse-on-aegean-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=74277&amp;newscatid=359 ) , [ november 17 ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkish-submarine-confronts-greek-coast-guard-in-fishing-standoff.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=74466&amp;newscatid=359 ) ) , i bet those go unmentioned in the greek media as well . 
  most of the time those are not reported in the turkish media either ; and even when they are , you have to specifically search for them to see them . 
  people in turkey got bored of the aegean dispute nowadays , out southern border is much more exciting . 
  no , at least i have n't heard such a thing in the turkish media . 
  there is n't a disagreement on territorial waters as far as i know , both sides currently accept 6 nautical miles ( greece wants to increase it to 12 , but have n't , because of turkey 's casus belli ) , so such incidents should n't happen . 
  if turkish warships entered greek territorial waters defined as 6 nautical miles , i wonder how they would report it , because i ca n't see any justification for that whatsoever ( unless it is in the vicinity of imia/kardak or other disputed islets . 
  there may be a territorial waters dispute there , i do n't know . ), 
  actually turkish media do ( at least used to do , when people cared about it ) report those events that greece considers airspace violation , not just violations by greece , all the time . 
  no wonder / u/icankillpenguins have n't noticed it , because they are not reported as turkish jets violating greek airspace . 
  for example , here is how those events [ are announced by the turkish armed forces ] ( http://web.archive.org/web/20130830071145/http://www.tsk.tr/11_haberler_olaylar/11_2_hava_ihlalleri/hava_sahasi_ihlalleri_2012.htm ) :  our f-16 aircraft which was performing military training in international airspace over the aegean sea was harassed by f-16 aircrafts that have taken of from greece 's lemnos airport and belonging to the aforementioned country , by putting our jets under radar lock twice over a total period of 4 minutes . 
  i used to wonder why greeks kept doing that . 
  apparently greece considers those space to be greek airspace , not international airspace , ( which the turkish media never mentioned , see [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute#national_airspace ) for the dispute ) hence you get the reports of turkish jets violating greek airspace . 
  the rest of the announcements on that page reports greek jets violating ( undisputed ) turkish airspace . 
  i do n't know why they were doing that . 
  by mistake , most probably ( they are usually for a small period of time ) . 
  [ turkish armed forces used to keep a list of violation of turkish air space by greek jets . 
  it is just a part the daily routine . 
  i wonder why either side still wastes the fuel , honestly . 
  oh , ok , i misunderstood when you said `` you 're not thinking big enough '' . 
  so you meant being next andreas papandreou is worse than getting lynched . 
  i thought you may be saying that he will still manage to be remembered well despite all this ( as the linked wikipedia article makes very positive remarks about papandreou 's perception in greece , which surprised me , but those polls may be outdated now . ), 
  aaand , is that a positive thing ? 
  i do n't know much about him or his public image , but if i remember correctly , from what i read he was the person who started this large public deficit and heavy foreign borrowing business , which was continued by both left and right wing parties after him . 
  if so , is he still seen positively , after this crisis ? 
  except he probably did n't exist , of course . 
  evliya \u00c7elebi made him up like he made up so many other things . 
  europe 's boundary north and east of the black sea is contentious , but i am pretty sure istanbul has always been within any definition of europe . 
  i ca n't see why you are complaining . 
  the first moon landing was launched from europe , not u.s. !, 
  someone should post this news to / r/yurop . 
  mythbusters also [ tried the hide the truth about lag\u00e2ri hasan \u00c7elebi a few years back . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9mollmj2tm ) jealous americans just ca n't accept turks made it to the moon before americans . 
  good to learn . 
  coming back to / u / _ samss _ 's point , i guess the rail would n't affect freight transport over sea that much . 
  i imagine price is more important than speed for the transportation of most goods . 
  certainly makes a difference for the passenger traffic , but i was under the impression that some extra path is n't that big a deal when transporting goods because railway is so energy efficient . 
  could be wrong though , maybe such a long detour does make a price difference . 
  but you can not establish a percentage that must be reached in order for the event to be called a genocide . 
  that threshold would necessarily be arbitrary . 
  you could use a definition of genocide which requires intent to wipe out a nation ( which is more loyal to the lexical meaning of the word ) , but that would leave out the armenian genocide , and people do n't like that . 
  it can even be a criminal offense , as was in the case of bernard lewis . 
  ( even / r/europe bans it . ), 
  the problem is , everybody wants their suffering labeled as a genocide because it became a buzzword that gives the event more importance , rather than a technical and legal word . 
  and it wo n't stop at srebrenica , e.g. 
  [ azerbaijanis want their suffering recognized as genocide too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khojaly_massacre ) , etc. 
   what 's more , only men and boys were targeted at srebrenica you could make such a case for most genocides . 
  that 's why there is the phrase * in part * in the definition . 
  in your armenian genocide example , armenians in istanbul and a number of other cities considered safe were exempted , catholic and protestant armenians were exempted , armenians who were in government 's employment were exempted , certain occupations were exempted , some individuals were exempted , etc. . . 
  if you want to have the * [ strict definition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg70uwesfu4 ) * , then holocaust would be quite exceptional , and i guess only rwandan genocide and a few others would be on board . 
  if you are willing to use an extended definition , as everybody seems to be doing these days , there is no basis for excluding certain ones because they seem small to you . 
  i remember there was a connection with sweden up at north when i was interrailing ( admittedly not very convenient unless you are adventurous , but should be good enough for transporting goods ) . 
  is that discontinued ? 
  edit : i just noticed you mentioned the sweden route . 
  they are in the eu , and they are connected , so what 's wrong with that ? 
  great news . 
  i hope they join to the interrail too . 
  i never understood why they did not participate in it anyway . 
   yes , nobody would pay more taxes without receiving any benefits . 
  not what i said though . 
  they would opt to pay a little more for socially aware housing , insurance , banks , etc. 
  or straight up charity . 
  that is exactly my point . 
  a person would n't voluntarily want to pay $ 1,000 more in taxes because it would make no difference in the state budget , but it would matter greatly in his own budget . 
  however , the same person could be in favor of everybody paying $ 1,000 more taxes because that would mean better healthcare , education etc. 
  similarly , nobody would give up his subsidy , but they could be in favor of everybody giving it up because they believe it 's better for the economy . 
  there is no hypocrisy here . 
   since there are unsubsidized houses i do n't speak dutch , but my understanding of the case is that he owns a house , and he wants to restore it , and the government offers to pay 40 % of the cost . 
  the issue is whether he should take that money or not , and i would think of it as a stupid , not ethical , behaviour if he decides not to take the money , for the reasons above . 
  he is no more hypocritical than elizabeth warren . 
  and yes , he could avoid the situation by selling/moving out of the house and finding an unsubsidized one , like looking out for unsubsidized raspberries as you suggest . 
  ( although i bet even those unsubsidized houses had some bits that are subsidized . 
  perhaps some of the materials used in the construction was subsidized , or construction workers were on welfare . 
  poor guy verhofstadt , living in belgium he has to sin under the rules of the neoliberalism religion , and he will go to neoliberal hell when he dies . ), 
  in my eyes he would be completely nuts if he did that , and saying that he should do that sounds as though treating this as a religious matter . 
  social democrats would favor a system with higher taxes , and when it comes to filling their forms they would pay as few taxes as possible under the system . 
  neoliberals would favor a system with lower subsidies , and personally receive as high benefits as possible under the system . 
  actually , if there is any inconsistency , it would be the other way around , at least for the liberals .
