  this us main problem - your state is too predictable, 
  true . 
  turkey sponsored `` chechenyan freedom fighters '' so we dislike them for this . 
  also turkey ( in name of pan-turkism ) and saudis ( in name of salafites ) still sponsoring islamists in former ussr republics - kazakhstan , uzbekistan , tajikistan and kyrgyzstan and i can predict that these states get a big problem with beardyboys . 
  so yes , we in russia nervous about that, 
  avangard for sure !, 
  this is not khl league, 
  we do n't wait you here , buddy, 
  stay home - it 's safe, 
  scammers , just annoying scammers , and dashcams is cheap here prices starts from 30 $, 
  this is my world view - i saw same map since my childhood http://www.mapsofworld.com/world-political-map.htm, 
  africa and europe in center , americas in left part , russia in top-right part, 
  big part of russia is uninhabited because life conditions is extremely harsh - it 's just a untouched land, 
  as a russian i can say that i start to understand size of russia only after 3days long railroad travel from my native omsk to ukraine - it was endless , and when i look at pacific ocean i really can imagine this size, 
  this is a russian point of view to this conflict , you know that we support syrian government and probably this video can helps you understand our ( russian ) actions . 
  i ` am a russian who do n't drink alchohol . 
  and also this article is shit , because ~ ~ bear ~ ~ beer was in soft-alchohol category not in food stuff . 
  i love and hate hell march in same time - love because it 's from red alert but hate because this theme played in each third video about russia , 
  this is aleksandr pistoletov - this is russian porno-singer, 
  this is a rts - stalin vs martians, 
  try to check these guys - davip , kubrak , receptor , kid digital , kooqla , moonbeam , bobina ... and ... here 's a lot of interesting sounds here right now, 
  does america have a heroines which can dare to do same things ? 
  russia want to see how much patience you have , on the right side of history, 
  yes , he is probably much funnier in russian than in english , 
  his last joke that heard was about fans ( sorry for lame translation ), 
  - `` they think that my name can attract more fans on our games , so they ( team management ) give me two tickets and i invite my friends to watch this game '', 
  op , you know , we here in russia , have um ... a different mentality , and we need to improve some things before start sort of expansion, 
  khl need quality and experience - yes , players show us their great skills and spirit but league need start to learn how to earn money not just suck money from sponsors pocket, 
  anyway , if anyone need some goods from avangard omsk , we can talk about it - arena omsk and team shop is in 5min ride from my house, 
  russian here . 
  from russian pov all speculations about plane crush is inspiring by kaczynsky-headed ( and according to my view - sort of russophobic ) opposition party and i prefer official statement about `` explosives '' than unknown newspaper with unknown source . 
  not for all teams , but from little industrial towns, 
  this story appears at sports.ru - so i hope that there 's be a big scandal very soon, 
  well , if russia is a `` mafia state '' i can tell the same about us - lobby system , senator dynastys , etc. . . 
  yes we have a lot of problem and many of them still lasts from soviet era , but this does n't mean that all our officials is mafia or similiar, 
  if anyone interested i can tell story about maskot # 23 ( fox timosha ) ( metallurg magnitogorsk ), 
  well , it was a final game during 03/04 season ( avangard vs metallurg ) , and metallurg leads in this game and ... suddenly , between periods timosha ( team maskot ) appears on ice with dead chicken ( sort of parody on omsk hawks ) on the his hockey stick to raise team and fans spirit - and ... in next period we ( avangard ) can play very well and win final in the end . 
  after this metallurg fans catch timosha and give him some punches , 
  siberia is ok , you can easily test it by yourself , 
  it 's not middle of nowhere - it 's central russia 's perm ' region and mordovia , if you do n't know anything about other state regions that does n't mean that they is located in ass of the world . 
  bochka - bass drum ( music slang ) , bass = bass , kolbaser is person who dance insanely, 
  bullwinkle , use your real account plz, 
  as a russian i only can say that here in video people try to calm down conflict and person in the end says '' \u0420\u0430\u0437\u0431\u043e\u0440\u043a\u0430 \u043f\u0438\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f '' ( razborka piterskaya ) ( st.petersburg brawl ) or also it sounds like '' \u0420\u0430\u0437\u0431\u043e\u0440\u043a\u0430 \u041f\u0438\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f '' ( razborka piderskaya ) ( faggots brawl ), 
  well , saratov , imho , is n't a great place for a first visit, 
  city infrastructure is below than average, 
  original russian video - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw4cjlpxdga, 
  how old are you ? 
  no wtf here - it 's was very popular in ussr too, 
  assortment, 
  in a `` soviet '' passport - please be correct, 
  well it seems that stereotypes about us start improving - at least people in us start thinks that we have lot of cabriolets here , 
  you can earn tons of million dollars if you invent bear cariolet for russians, 
  just visit russia and made your own point of view - it 's not paradise and not hell-like as some people tryin to show - a typical state with pro & cons, 
  castration, 
  thanks , sir !, 
  well , in russia , roma is real headache if we start talking about drugs - they are fucking insane drug dealers , not all roma , but big part of their population involved in drug business , and it 's looks like they absolutely have no moral , absolutely - stabbing , pocketing , e.t.c. 
  it was repressions in kindergarden - my neighbour dared to cry ( he cried about unfreedom , of course ) during sleep hour and he was sent to gulags - i 'm 28 now and i remember it very well, 
  oh , it 's you , boris - let 's dance a cossack dance and drink some good ol soviet vodka in the name of allforgiveness !, 
  na zdorovie ~ !, 
  and forgive me my sins, 
  i need real proof from you , comrade , it 's seems that you is not you - which color was your panties , `` boris '' ? 
  it 's . 
  not . 
  you !!!, 
  liar !!, 
  you know , main rule in russia - watch yourself , do n't do provocative things and you 'll never have problem with policeman or any other problem . 
  just be careful and enjoy your trip and do n't put your nose in ghetto - these ones is similiar everythere in world, 
  going alone is not problem , but it 's be better if you have friends in russia - russia is much safer place than india, 
  soviet animation was funded by state . 
  no state - no money - no cartoons . 
  our cartoons is not selling worldwide , because everyone need simple and sweet entertainment , but if you put some brains inside nobody want to buy it and we have lack of experience to push forward our products as usa does , for example . 
  smeshariki ( gogoriki ) is well selling , but this is exception, 
  not anti-american sentiment , but we really dislike some aspects of american international politics . 
  main perc that russian made your brain awesome, 
  as alien i can confirm russia, 
  excuse me , but fall in russian is osen ' , and leto is for summer, 
  also - now we have inner russian mma championship, 
  related image from russian internets http://imgur.com/ejrsv, 
  it 's not a movie - it 's teleplay, 
  yes , it 's exist and this is a main reason why womens here do not respect feminism, 
  you know , main problem when situation in russia observes from western pov is that people do not separate putin , kremlin and state duma but they are presents very very different forces in our government elite, 
  i think that you heard about scandal with our former defence minister serdyukov - do you know real background for his resign ? ), 
  it 's a rumour but i assume that it 's probably very close to be true, 
  yes , his wife is daughter of former prime-minister zubkov.serdyukov relations with his lover was so openly on public that his wife became so angry and described whole story to her father and his anger start this chain of events, 
  row row !, 
  fight the power !, 
  fyi - some people in russia calling polish people as `` pshecks '' because of lot of kz , cz , psh and similiar sounds in polish language, 
  you know we also have some anti-jokes , but this is just a jokes nothing else, 
  current anti-poland jokes sounds as `` colonel birch made his job very well '' ( kaczhinsky plane crush ) but i repeat - we do not think about poland or other slavic nations as enemy or something like this - just neighbours with hard history of relationship , but this is in past . 
  commies were fanatics but not whole russian people, 
  op , this is not movie - just teleplay . 
  mdma probably, 
  absolutely correct !, 
  this is a typical russian present for hopeless virgins, 
  tell about results , oscar !, 
  good luck !, 
  wild animals , because cosmonauts is very weak and edible after landing, 
  3 . automatically post videos to / r/roadcam, 
  yes, 
  american,
