  you probably never experiencing any points of view that contradicts with yours ? 
  being russian is a something wrong so person must leave this subreddit because of this ? 
  that 's a fucking racist bullshit tbh . 
  mirror and sky as news sources ? 
  you know , i do n't mind if you just tell me that i 'm stupid russkie idiot but please not think that i will digest that yellow journalism icons as something credible . 
  most of these people were connected with chechenians and these guys solve their problems very simple - with guns . 
  garuda was playable in ex series which was non-canon . 
  so he is brand new in main series . 
  little friendly fix - `` snegurochka '' , 
  how 's big mongolian fgc ? 
  we have a russian monthly tournaments - if your connection speed will be ok feel free to play with our community  i 'll pm you later, 
  that 's because they 're orthodox , you know . 
  thanks for info !, 
  still gief and waiting for garuda, 
  yup . 
  also this year our production quality really much better in comparison with the previous event and it will be really great if moscow fighting arena '17 will be part of cpt this year ( status still unknown ) . 
  feel free to visit us - travel prices is really cheap , accomodation too . 
  feel free to pronounce zangief as you want we really do not care , 
  itt - we fucked up with claims about russian submarine and now trying to switch public opinion to another fearmongering story . 
  please tell jgreen90 that he must fix his internet connection - he is very often matching with russians and our guys suffering due to his . . ahem ... not perfect connection . 
  he is sort of meme in our community because of this , 
  still not at same level as their converting vegetarians album ( elation station was a blast ! ), 
  but also is very nice . 
   grats !, 
  russian stage . 
  new character must be with naked torso ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  somewhere near aktobe ( former aktyubinsk ) , western kazakhstan, 
  no hacking this time !, 
  really !, 
  because real leningrad is former soviet era name of saint-petersburg city . 
  this july or august, 
  if you 're not sure wait until this summer and then purchase sfv, 
  this is a series of cross promotion ads - # 1 is toyota x lego and # 2 is toyota x street fighter, 
  rip . 
  real old school professional diplomat . 
  break a leg guys !, 
  premature tournamentation, 
  dope stream quality guys !, 
  80c degrees difference between summer and winter max temperature in omsk , western siberia . 
  we have similar roads when snow start to melt during daytime and water is freezing at nights . 
  it will be only kolin, 
  and finally we can say that mfa is not part cpt this year =(, 
  cross your fingers, 
  but all western media talking about that russia will attack baltic states very soon . 
  seems controversial . 
  sound producer name is eshericks - very solid production skillz imo, 
  i can read very very basic deutsch so i have no clues about german press exclude julian roepcke opinions from bild . 
  yes , that 's him, 
  source is russian interwebs , but someone post it in r/photoshopbattles, 
  just saw a news on russian news website - stay safe friends !, 
  who cares - ediatorilized headlines is well known r/worldnews fuel, 
  oh , my hometown on reddit again , 
  location : https://www.google.ru/maps/@54.9997232,73.2425452,3a,75y,334.12h,93.59t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sv5dpzanm6s9rkpjhxxl3fw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656, 
  you 're not russian . 
  can you stop posting this backward bullshit ? 
  it 's fucking disgusting even for troll . 
  strongly doubt that you will be able to type something complex in russian to prove your etnicity , \u0443\u0442\u044b\u0440\u043e\u043a . 
  here 's a page with response from russian photographer, 
  rooting for chicago bulls since 92 ' - see no problem here, 
  capcom do not add moscow fighting arena to cpt2017 and you 're still blaming us ? 
  pathetic !!, 
  siberian here , those bitches do not sucking blood as mosquito they bite off piece of your skin and only then start to drink your blood . 
  just in case if you wonder why there 's so huge landmass in russia without literally nothing - there 's 3 reasons for it, 
  permafrost, 
  those bitches, 
  welcome to north-west siberia , pussies !, 
  this a horse-flies not bees ( but they also part of gnat family here ) but quantities is the same for all bloodsucking insects here . 
  those are big ones - little ones is the much worse , they 're surround like a cloud and engulf you . 
  another video with loli-gnat : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcdo0cv3ebw, 
  russians have installed pelmeni recipe by default . 
  do not want to make you sad but probably your wife is not russian or just lazy one ) ), 
  u wot m8 ? 
  recipe for 130-150 pieces, 
  1kilo of wheat flour , 2 eggs , 2 cup of icy water ( 0,5 liter ) , 300g of beef , pork and mutton . 
  300g of cabbage , 3 big onions , salt and pepper . 
  dough : pour out wheat on the table through the sieve and form a little mountain then made a little dimple at center and drive in yolk and white from the eggs . 
  start to mix it from corners to center and add water by little - you need to mix all ingidients with flour properly and carefully . 
  when flour absorb all water and egg components you must knead the dough . 
  you must knead it until it will be homogeneous . 
  forcemeat : wash all types of meat and cut it to 3-5cm pieces ( to put them in meatgrinder ) - grind washed meat twice . 
  grind the cabbage and add it to forcemeat to made it soft and juicy . 
  clean onion and chop it to big pieces to add it too . 
  molding : add some flour on the table surface . 
  made few '' long sausages '' from the dough 2-2 ,5 cm height and then chop it to 2-2 ,5 cm-wide pieces . 
  now roll them - each piece must be round and 2mm thin . 
  do not chop more than 15 pieces at once because you will be not able to seal dough properly . 
  now you can add forcemeat in the middle of each piece and seal it . 
  enjoy your meal !, 
  look at second part of my nickname and check postal codes in russia and you will have a answer . 
  or just check my post history - i mentioned my hometown a few times . 
  feel free to visit mfa 2017 and prove your words about mediocre players . 
   eastern europe is more mk and tekken zone than sf and this is just great that we have little but lively community here in russia . 
  we are still growing - very slowly because netcode and qol obstacles that do not allowing people to enjoy the game fully . 
  hey , what 's wrong with omsk ? 
  very useful viewer !, 
  bookmarked !, 
  russia is also concerned by current nk actions but somehow in western msm i see only headlines with `` russia is funding nk regime '' which is absolutely not correct . 
  last thing that we want is nk refugees waves in a case of conflict and ideally north and south will continue it 's cooperation and russia and south korea can expand their economical ties which is not possible now because nk in the middle . 
  russians very friendly towards koreans and have a huge korean diaspora here . 
  if you 're check soviet school albums from central asian republic ( uzbekistan , turkmenistan , e.t.c ) there 's a lot of korean kids .
