  just for everyone who 's about to post `` that 's great '' or `` this is russia punishes turkey '' - russians still friendly to turks not erdogan , so deaths of turkish citizens is not praised and celebrated here . 
  it 's a pity that people can not discuss their problems at the table and now solving them with weapons . 
  fuck war !, 
  yeah , russia current goal is to threaten swedish gotland by invisible secret russian submarines . 
  paint all russians as homophobic is so polite and wise, 
  baku tunnel ? 
  provoking georgians ? 
  do you even read what are you posting ? 
  georgians kills around 15 russian peacekeepers and then starts to shell tskhinvali . 
  also there 's no baku tunnel it 's not exists , baku is a capital of the azerbaijan and do not connected w that conflict . 
  russians sends their forces thru roki tunnel which is connects russian 's north ossetia with south ossetia, 
  let me strongly do not agree with you - we are really really interested that someone flood or far east region because during post-soviet chaos of 1990s lot of people moves to central russia because far east economics became shit . 
  russians love and respect koreans ( both ) so they are welcomed at our lands if kim decide to collapse his state, 
  just wonder where do you must to live if 28c is so harsh for you , if even in siberia +28 c considered as great summer weather . 
  here 's screenshot with current weather in my hometown http://i.imgur.com/ktpvw7u.png - nothhing melts just sunny and comfortable, 
  russian cell-operator mts , it 's uzbekistan branch to be precise , declined to paid bribes in uzbekistan and after that decision uzb . 
  officials just snatched all mts equipment that was 1bln worthy and arrest top-managers , so this is what teliasonera can expect in uzbekistan, 
  well , if capcom create their gulag the same way they create sf5 - this is can be very comfortable place xd, 
  dust !!, 
  yeah , krot was popular !, 
  great cartoon series !, 
  russia , western siberia , omsk city to be precise . 
  if i 'm about to play only 4-5 bars i doomed to wait around 20 minutes or longer . 
  at 2-3 bars i have a lot connections w china but matches is impossible to play due to teleports and lags . 
  welcome to / r/streetfighter haunts , 
  mfa 2016 official schedule, 
  they do have a cosplay competition here , so it 's 100 % guarantee that some research stuff from mfa2016 will appear here, 
  fuck the england . 
  just let 's hug . 
  fuck these idiots from both states, 
  also shoutout to evgen-chocoman , the only patriotic human being who try to protect russian sky, 
  also , that was just first ever russian cpt event so it will take some time to adapt our sf community to overall experienced level at tournaments of such level . 
  our local communities is very separated due to our state size so it 's prevents tech exchange and current connection status in sf5 , when we need need to wait about for 20-30 minutes to play ranked , also doesnt ' help . 
  but we will try harder . 
  thanks for watching guys !, 
  and feel free to visit moscow cpt event next time !, 
  shoutout to / u/fatal1ty _ 93_rus for his posts !, 
  internets is cheap and fast . 
  some of mfa 2016 participants was really surprised that we somehow more developed at this aspect than some more sufficient economics in our world , but server connections in sfv still sucks, 
  he actually also raise a plank for russian fgc to train harder and improve , that 's really means a lot for us, 
  ** ingame text chat **, 
  russian security services rarely but can be very very strict if it 's needed so safety of guests will be a priority . 
  i 'm worked at sochi 2014 winter olympics and noticed how our guys successfully done a great job to provide security event of such scale . 
  i 'm just curious what kind of excuses is about to appear in western msm with calls to cancel fifa wc2018 in russia . 
  i think that ( gouki ( akuma ) release ) happens after tekken 7 pc launch . 
  popularity of the tekken boosts interest to sfv among t7 fans because game will be with similar character in roster . 
  cross-promotion as it is . 
  xanadu is weird and hilarious af . 
  need to main him . 
  so many russian and junkie vibes in his design ^ ^, 
  why should russia do lot of damage in eastern europe , could you elaborate?how syria and ukraine 's east region insurgency is connected ? 
  we ( russia ) are not interested in such scenario . 
  west should be more concerned about turkey stance in this conflict not russia 's . 
  our goal is to protect existance of syrian gov ' t with assad or without assad that 's really does n't matter . 
  russia do not need to challenge us role as a global superpower , we just do not have resources and will for such plan . 
  our biggest problem at current moment is demographics - it slowly improves but russia 's population still not recovered after ww2 and after ussr collapse and i do not see how challenging us can help improve our demographics . 
  dhalsim explanation is awesome !, 
  some rinse.fm stuff on / r/kappa, 
  wow !, 
  judgement girls from 3s in water ? 
  kasparov is greatest chessplayer but delusional politician imo . 
  it was so close to russia that mr.karimov decided to host us air-base in uzbekistan / s, 
  all - stans is stable until their leader is alive and healthy, 
  still have no time to listen , but thank you very much for such contribution !, 
  just a lonely upvote for omsk in your username !, 
  credits to https://twitter.com/sapikku23, 
  language !, 
  in public !, 
  ono says that they will upload it later , so no stream 100 %, 
  what is most important aspect of fighting game event for you as a participant and as a viewer ? 
  what thing or aspect do you notice first when you enter in event hosting venue ? 
  it 's still not visible but it looks like sim 's yellow life start to recover from 0 while ken 's not because of staying in yoga burner, 
  zangief 's training grounds . 
  here 's a link to free vsti - `` db-force - the amen '', 
  it 's based on a amen break and can help you to understand how breaks works . 
  demo : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfj6ntobta4, 
  enjoy !, 
  you know even in russia you need buy ticket to visit circus . 
  jihadi-julian is ticket-free circus , so no report-checkings plz , 
  russia will participating in joint naval exercises but rf is not chinese ally in situation around scs - this is chinese business not russian . 
  also author 's statement that russia have no interests in this region is incorrect - russians interested in reopening of cam ranh bay in vietnam, 
  you can if it 's super mario bros , 
  real story, 
  - `` so , you 're from sweden , right ? '', 
  - `` nope , i 'm russian . '', 
  - ( * jawdropping sound effect * ) but you can not be russian !!!, 
  how ??? 
  that girl just can not accept that fact that russians is polite and funny people, 
  but what 's about yourself and your relatives ? 
  42 million population . 
  small . 
  finishing move for ingrid, 
  short google session and i find that fact that the author of that article strongly connected with atlantic council which is very-biased analitic nato-sponsored organisation , and i 'm really strongly doubt that the author which earlier article headline says `` let moscow pay '' can provide us with unbisased information . 
  trump bashing at the very end of article just approving my thoughts . 
  * just a random north korean dialogue at skyscreaper project where nk feeding workers crystal meth : *, 
  - sorry , lee sung he , you 're fired !, 
  - chief , please can work for free ?? 
  the boards of canada discography -, 
  solar bears ( not hockey team ) -, 
  lot of breaks and bass music like this -,
