  also just find some live coding stuff that 's really dope, 
  enjoy !, 
  just curious how this update affects steam user rewievs , 
   you ca n't see his hands in the last one, 
  i worked at sochi olympics in 2014 - have some talks with sochi volunteers when i 'm lived in olympic village next to them ( say giant dormitory complex ) - they had room in ov to live in , 3 daily meals ( russian cuisine ) , free tickets when 's day off , volunteer uniform and i should to mention that fact that a lot of volunteers were a students and they had really easy exams after games and their schedule was limited at 8 working hours per day . 
  all drivers were paid personnel and do receive very decent salaries and their coordinators tells stories when some `` smart '' drivers tried to stay at work as longer as possible to receive extra payment and guys force them to leave and sleep a little bit , 
  it 's a sad fact that rio games organising comitee can not treat well their volunteers =(, 
  this https://twitter.com/rybalit/status/766591418626404352, 
  hi , try to ask someone from / r/russia for delivery . 
  unfortunately i live too far from moscow and will not be able to assist you in this purchase . 
  [ cfn does n't see players with underscore symbol '' _ '' in usernames ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/streetfighter/comments/4z168u/cfn_player_search_do_not_see_underscore_symbol/ ), 
  fearmongering before sochi olympic games was also awful . 
  yeah , as i remember stories ( later i read these stories online ) from colleagues from sochi mountain cluster that there was american athlete who do not know how to use door knobs and just demolish doors but all media write stories about it with headlines like `` barbaric olympic games e.t.c '' . 
  but this is sort of funny side . 
  not funny was that time when western msm start write articles about that russians probably mass-killing stray dogs in olympic village , i was really angry . 
  reading a lot about it , swearing at our officials after but later when you 're returning to olympic village after shift day by day you 'll start to notice that there 's stray dogs everythere and no one kills or remove them and start to understand how media can create myths and force them to public . 
  have story about how one guy from our crew tried to sneak in ov at night drunk af ( alcohol was prohibited and security not allow him go in ) thru the hole which stray dogs dug under the ov perimeter and stuck in and security guys detain him when they hear that stray dogs barking fiercly =d, 
  this weekend john t. will be at beasttv so pay attention , 
  it 's a russian-born japan-based illustrator kuvshinov ilya . 
  his twitter https://twitter.com/kuvshinov_ilya, 
  it 's a man , not woman . 
  woman surname in russian language have - a ending letter at the end . 
  kuvshinov - male , kuvshinova - female . 
  will be announced at tokyo cup . 
  ideal event imo for such big announce, 
  can not agree with you . 
  that ratio is one of the most powerful and most used arguement in discussions with russians . 
  it 's instantly derail any adequate discussion . 
  no one interested in context of these journalist killings and that fact that most of them heppened during yeltsin presidency when regional czars were in power and they easily removed any sign of threat or disturbance from unwanted attention in media . 
  happy independence day , neighbour !, 
  matthew edwards is pretty active at twitter fyi . 
  yup , this is russian version right now , 
  wow , til that pussy riot are whistleblowers . 
  can tell me what exactly these girls exposed ? 
  fyi notable opposition figures like navalny and nemtsov investigated putin 's inner circle and other connections in russian gov-t ( nemtsov was killed few years after ) but pussy riot , seriously , stop that nonsense . 
  you ruin / r/geopolitics experience for everyone . 
  hi there , u/tast1c !, 
  yeah we do have weekly ( sometimes skip one or two ) meetings in moscow, 
  pm me , i 'll provide you invitation to our discord channel and you can be stay in touch with our sf players and know about forthcoming meet-ups . 
  little adorable monster !, 
  this is a pleasure to see how all these ken 's and chun 's are powerless in front of that takeuchi 's rashid . 
  legendary 58 heroes of r/kappa . 
  thank you for donations guys !, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  notfgcdr mike, 
  gilbert santana, 
  anonymous, 
  k prime, 
  anonymous, 
  sf5sucks ass, 
  anonymous, 
  c n, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  tolucafreak, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  wormed 's shitty sagat, 
  anonymous, 
  david, 
  anonymous, 
  scottishowl, 
  travers clark, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  anonymous, 
  matt boles, 
  cluelesseddy, 
  t s, 
  anonymous, 
  shauna plz_no_bully, 
  takejohn \\ ^_^, 
  same for me =(, 
  why nakoruru is such thief in xiv ? 
  what do you think about urien in 5 ? 
  japan embassy refused to give him visa , so no fidoskin this time . 
  yeah , something like gief 's cross-fit with chapters dedicated to different characters will be great, 
  i 'll nominate u/happystupendous . 
  positive attitude , able to protect our ( russian ) skies at regular basis and very decent stream quality . 
  stu is \u2116 1 candidate !, 
  yeah , we do have a surprisingly huge sf russia monthly # 1 tournament w 67 attendants and some our heads were too busy to attend to eu one . 
  in addition some guys expect that eu4 will be next week , not checking discord and do not registered as result :\\, 
  i hope that next one eu monthly will be really great . 
  shoutouts to organisers and unequalled media for great stream !, 
  do not even think about not participating - cancer still not killed you , so give him another chance plz !, 
  tell it by yourself please https://twitter.com/thestreetwriter and stop abusing haunts, 
  that 's really great , still waiting profiles for shadow geist and garuda, 
  sup xian , watching your tweets from your trip to moscow fighting arena '16 and it 's looks like that you 're succesful avoided any vodka match-ups here  question - can we expect your visit to mfa '17 next year if cpt schedule will be comfortable ? 
  looks like there 's no factchecking at all . 
  inafune with mighty \u2116 9 totally disagrees, 
  we definetely want but in same time no one wants to be painted here as useful idiots , propaganda , or `` one , two , three - putin trolls incoming '' just because they have different opinion . 
  in my case i just stopped to discuss anything in r/worldnews - they not worth my time . 
  this is `` dat ash '' meme cosplay,
