it 's sad to see that bunch of russophobic idiots find this topic too . 
  if u dislike russia - it 's your own right , guys . 
  but try not to disturb honor of our grandfathers . 
  this is a video from from record fm ( saint-petersburg ) once they made a gopnick day ( chav-day or redneck-day ) and rename their radiostation in gop fm ( or chav fm or redneck fm ) and made this video to promote the event . 
  i also can try . 
  pm me ), 
  what has been seen can not be unseen ( ( (, 
  do not want to translate that s ## t , guys, 
  because we are evil empire . 
  another video from different pov http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95xhmcnbeuy&amp;feature=related, 
  roses are red ,, 
  violets are blue ,, 
  and that accident, 
  unexpected for you !, 
  sorry guys , my english is n't very good and because of that i made such a silly mistake , 
  do not want . 
  yeah , raise a children in russia is veeeery expensive - that 's main reason . 
  agree . . ) ), 
  not czars , but people who was in gulag prison camps in 1950 's . 
  yes , it 's real fact, 
  this is a link to a russian newspaper http://gazeta.aif.ru/_/online/spb/727/23_01 - try to google translate this , 
  it 's not a house - it 's a sort of winnowing machine , we have lots of similiar buildings in russia , close to grain fields, 
  it 's very different - i 'm 30yrs old and can answer to you if your questions will be more detailed, 
  80 % of russian population wants good relations with our slavic brothers - ukraine abd belarus, 
  yes , it 's real . 
  everything cost money and drugs too , and junkies who do n't have money , start to made krokodil for themselves , because production of krokodil is cheap - krokodil users it 's a sort of final phase of drug addiction - people who even do n't care about their lives . 
  it 's much than one million citizens in omsk , but rhythm of life is really slow , it great for aged people not for youths , and i 'm also thinking about moving in moscow or abroad as my friends do . 
  in three words - omsk is safe , comfortable but slooooow , 
  russians also dislike winter war and stalin , who start this , too . 
  nothing extreme here , really, 
  yes , winters is cold , but air is dry here , so probably -15 c ( 5 f ) is much comfortable here , than the same temperature in europe where air 's humidity is higher . 
  region population is around 2,000 000 and 1,200 000 is city population - villages is poor and everyone try to move into center . 
  at south we have steppes with tons of salt lakes , cultivated lands in middle , and taiga and swamps at north - in center of omsk we have a lake where 's at summer migration birds can have a break , and you can observe ducks , black-headed gull e.t.c. 
  everybody loves talk about palaces in putin property , but no one gives real solid prooves that these houses is his property - so i ca n't tell you is truth or lie, 
  birch trees looks familiar , but i ca n't tell the same about these people ), 
  is it signed as `` another mr. putin 's secret palace '' ?? 
  same things that they do when weather is warm , probably except tanning , 
  jokes about someone 's favorite joke, 
  1 $ , 60c , 30c per one ride, 
  do not know, 
  nothing notable , really, 
  yeah  it 's ok, 
  cool !, 
  well , it 's be better if this topic avoid political questions and post-electional hype , but i give you my answer - in 90 's we got freedom , but freedom without law and order ( anarchy , figurally ) , in 2000 putin establish order , but laws still does n't work properly and now i see his mission as president - to estabilish the power of law . 
  my condolences, 
  (^_^) yes , i saw jaromir at avangard games very often , hockey here in omsk is sort of religion , and we even have a hockey traffic-jams here , when everyone try to visit hockey arena in same time , 
  terrain is flat . 
  absolutely . 
  no hills , no mountains . 
  just f #kin flatland everythere . 
  rivers sometimes . 
  demographics is improving , but slooooow . 
  really . 
  omsk is slow city . 
  economics is semi-dead here - low prices , but monthly income lower than average . 
  ( note - western siberia is not western russia ), 
  sports - rhythmic gymnastics , boxing , hockey and ski . 
  also people love snowboard - but there 's we have no good riding spots ( ( (, 
  yeah , i know what couchsurfing is . 
  you talking about altai mountains, 
  ( it 's really incredible place ) and it 's a little bit far from here - around a 16-18 hours at car, 
  yes , i saw some - youngsters love to use memes irl, 
  this is what we have in western siberia, 
  middle-june - middle-august, 
  there 's lot of parallels with chechnya . 
  syrian conflict mimic conflict that we have in chechnya and same scenario - saudi 's supporting , us menacing , eu whining . 
  firetruck has emercom emblem in left low corner and background in windows is russian . 
  so i insist this is russia , not france . 
  just ordinary firefighters drill , and nothing special, 
  fool me once - shame on you , fool me twice - shame on me . 
  this is exactly how we ( russians ) thinks . 
  miserable ??? 
  it can be tragic in some cases , but our history is n't miserable . 
  west and saudis supported rebels in chechnya and in my mind western governments also guilty in beslan school massacre and numerous terroristic actes in russia . 
  it 's very comfortable statement that only russians guilty but everyone is guilty here - russians , syrians , americans , chinese , turkey , saudis , isr ael quaeda , hesbollah , france , britain , jordan - everyone have their goals here . 
  look at bahrain - us and saudis stop riots here and no one even dare to mumble something . 
  not russian bus, 
  kazantip in portugal is fake - real kazantip event located in ukraine , crimea , popovka, 
  kazantip in portugal is fake - this is real www.kazantip-republic.com - just compare, 
  and respect to other people , too, 
  lot of them, 
  russian redneck = gopnick or gopnik, 
  it 's omsk , 500 meters from my house, 
  it was like tropical storm, 
  it was optical fiber, 
  yes , this place is very close to my house ~ 3 min walk - lightnings do n't stop during 70-80 min, 
  little note - russian `` 5th floor '' is actually english `` 4th floor '' , because `` ground floor '' in russian is `` 1st floor '', 
  he is alive - just get some scratches and bruises after that gravitational force test , probably his childrens inherit his ability to be invulnerable from falls from window , 
  i do n't drink alcohol too - and i do n't think that this is strange, 
  russian grammar fix - deceptikonov, 
  awesome !!, 
  well , if you interested in this - i have a 5 yrs kazantip experience and i can invite in iama mr. oleg harms - kazantip republic minister of foreign affairs . 
  totally agree . 
  this is a first year when czechs play in khl , so they try to show their power instantly . 
  lev - avangard , for sure !, 
  they have a private security service `` typhoon '' and local police do not allowed to enter in kazantip territory, 
  that 's made my day !, 
  very bad game for us (, 
  khl managers tells that total hd broadcasting should start from beginning of october, 
  awaiting krokodil episode,
