  oh , i 'm agreeing with you . 
  totally nazis . 
  the goat fucker , not drumpf . 
  germans are nazis hurr durr ... 
  you just did . 
  german goverment still nazis confirmed . 
  nothing like fapping to dead people . 
  ze farzerland indeed !, 
  netherlands is that city in amsterdam right ? 
  damn straight . 
  would still do them all though . 
  do n't fraternize with the hun you fool !, 
  they do look like they 're all on meth do n't they ? 
  no , that 's gay . 
  coz it 's evil nazi zombies wiv muslim henchmen innit ? 
  freedom !!!!!, 
  thanks for your ... opinion . 
  i can do history me !, 
  had a bunch of comrades back when i was in the army that loved them some neo-nazi music . 
  that shit is so effing cringey to listen to . 
  i like cake . 
  i know !, 
  the crusades ? 
  they feel good bby gril, 
  erm ... well done ? 
  yeah , lets have a war the krauts again !, 
  ugh ... because it 's good for you . 
  now eat your greens . 
  traitor . 
  well , the russians and the yanks did that to be fair . 
  jesus christ , you are by far the most retarded person i have seen on reddit today . 
  your parents done fucked up son !, 
  mark my words kids , we 'll all be a-rabs come christmas !, 
  hey now , no need to be rude . 
   be turned into an islamic caliphate drama much ? 
  you 're a simple girl , i 'm a simple guy . 
  have an upvote sister . 
  i only see one worm in the title pic . 
  yellow on white does n't work very well . 
  change the color of the eu stars to compliment the individual flags . 
  at this point you 've already broken all of the flags , so why not compromise on the star color ? 
  i read ` puppet of onions ' . 
  that happy erdogoon though . 
  those tanks were not designed or built to last 50 + years like the current leo 2 is though . 
  war leads to some amazing tech , but it 's not designed to last . 
  i heard france and germany are going to build the leopard 3 together . 
  not until 2030 though ... 
  true , the army should support the values of society . 
  and it can still do so whilst wearing a uniform . 
  individuality and personality is n't all about the clothing that you wear after all . 
  sure it adds to it , but it 's not important in a professional military environment . 
  there are enough other far more effective albeit less opulent ways make your voice heard . 
  how does that confirm false camaraderie ? 
  it 's in the word ` uniform ' . 
  either everybody wears it or nobody does . 
  and as we established above , wearing a uniform is required by the majority of soldiers to effectively do their job on a daily basis . 
  so that leaves us with little options no ? 
  either completely get rid of it outside of combat ( which is not feasible ) , or risk bickering due to falsely perceived favoritism . 
  why should the office workers get to wear slacks when the others that are doing the ` heavy lifting ' have to wear uniforms ? 
  that 's not really fair and would lead to disputes and divide . 
  soldiers with office positions already get enough flak from the rest of the troops as it is . 
  every soldier can wear civilian clothing when they 're off duty , even in the barracks . 
  soldiers on duty are usually not just chilling and waiting for combat . 
  they 're either training , out on exercise , guard duty and on external errands ect . 
  you tend to do those things in your uniform . 
  imagine a bunch of guys out on exercise wearing skinny jeans and lumberjack shirts . 
  or adidas jump suits . 
  with real firearms . 
  military vehicles also have camo paint , so imagine a bunch of dudes/dudettes in casuals riding down the highways in leo 2s . 
  i guess we could just wrap all of the vehicles in whatever their drivers think suits their personalities though . 
  a pink tank would look kinda cool i guess . 
  at the end of the day , if you want join the armed forces , get used to the fact that you 'll be wearing a representable military uniform . 
  you can be yourself off duty as much as you want . 
  you 're not there to ponce about , but to serve your country and your comrades . 
   i was wondering if we 're missing out . 
  no , i would n't say so unless you 're really pressed for cash and need to keep an eye on every cent . 
  aldis mostly look like they opened the roof and the goods were trebucheted in from aldi central . 
  but , but ... muh retail jeeeerb !, 
  til . 
  crafty thieves and are gon na love this shit . 
  people with emtpy smartphone batteries on the other hand ... 
  too late , the covfefe has chosen you . 
  lidl is marinally better in terms of quality . 
  the customer base is also more diverse and pleasant in my experience . 
  true . 
  it 's the only ass i get , so i should n't complain i guess ... 
  not everybody orders their food stuffs online . 
  paprika was the only flavor we had when i was young . 
  sure , tons of different brands , but all of them sold paprika and bacon/paprika flavor exclusively . 
  sad . 
  frikadellen , aka ground hooves and assholes . 
  that 's their shortcoming . 
  til that i 'm russian . 
   so only in hs people get to wear their own clothes ? 
  well that 's the thing , uniform unless they 're for combat , are useless . 
  except to create some false sense of camaraderie . 
  no , of course not . 
  so bankers should drop their suites and wear whatever expresses their personality the most ? 
  sure , the army is n't a place of business , but the military uniform is more than just the ` higher-ups attempting to create false camaraderie ' . 
  that said , just like the bankers suit , a soldiers uniform projects a professional image towards the public .
