military power is what caused the refugees in the first place . 
  mass youth unemployment is a thing , but educating the youth would also just be a temporary fix in the long run . 
  our populations are slowly coming to a halt . 
  young people these days are more interested the next new thing and prefer spending their hard earned money on themselves as opposed to investing in children . 
  not even attempting to deal with the me is irresponsible imo and could end up biting us in the ass . 
  sure , we can just stop them at the gates and send them back to an unknown fate . 
  or we could let other me countries take care of them . 
  lebanon is already breaking under the pressure and the richer countries in the area will not even let them in . 
  that 's just going to lead to more unrest in the area . 
  have more children to fight europe 's aging population so that we do n't have to import workers . 
  and help fix the issues in the me so that there are less refugees in the first place . 
  merely stopping the ` importation of muslims ' is not going to fix everything . 
  sure dad . 
  hes already too far up his own arse to be flattered by that ;-), 
  it 's called dutch and it 's a beautiful european language . 
  i love you norway < 3, 
  so much sass d - :, 
  the netherlands then ? 
  eu 420 blaze it . 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm just scared that if we bin this whole thing , the poor in europe are just going to be even worse off than they already are . 
  because it 's good ? 
  that 's not going to work . 
  germany needs to step down as a leading eu figure and let france and other countries do the leading . 
  as long as germany is up there , it 's going to be a rough ride . 
  europeans do n't like germany and neither does the rest of the world . 
  we are currently the biggest liability to the eus future for various reasons . 
  thanks , i knew i was right about you :-d they do n't let you use reddit at school in the uk ? 
  you seem to be a smart guy , i like you . 
  wan na touch pee-pee tips ? 
  feelsgoodman, 
  oh boy , i feel so dangerous right now . 
  thanks for the empowerment !, 
  looks pretty hitlered to me . 
  many thanks for your feedback !, 
  please let us know if you have any other questions or queries , we will be happy to assist . 
  lol assaulted ... i 've never assaulted an ex girlfriend . 
  the uk dumped us , that 's why we were upset . 
  yes , we want them all waterboarded . 
  please teach us your ways ? 
  i had the toy castle as a kid . 
  my brother had snake mountain . 
  so much sass !, 
  are the clouds legit ? 
  i 'd totally kick that shit into a kids face just so i can dig a hole instead . 
  you 're silly . 
  go read some history books , nerd . 
  i can smell that shit through my screen . 
  do n't fuck with finland , they 'll shank you in the ass cheek . 
  well that 's the past now , you 're free . 
  go and enjoy yourself . 
  they 've already been bitching about it for a while now . 
  your house begs to differ . 
  they ... enjoy throwing food away ? 
  my dutch landlord tends to cook too much . 
  sometimes they offer me the excess of an evenings meal , i guess the other days , they just bin it . 
  not many people have large freezers here . 
  but ... but ... they bully us when we do things like that :-(, 
  i tend to wash with soap after taking a piss . 
  it has really taken its toll on my hands this winter . 
  at least my hand cream smells of coconut . 
  i have the pleasure of residing in your beautiful country and the occasional piss-drenched-balls is a small price to pay ;-), 
  lol , fuckin ' hate when that happens . 
  i usually put some paper in the bowl to alleviate the inevitable . 
  well , either way , times are changing . 
  once germany gets its own nationalist leader , we 'll see what happens . 
  i work for an international company in amsterdam and can confirm that not many dutchies wash their hands after taking a piss . 
  i do n't think they consider it dirty , they just do n't care or deem it necessary . 
  it 's the southerners that take the stinkiest shits though ... dear lord . 
  look , we need those immigrants to bolster our shrinking work force . 
  ai n't got no time fo damn kids up in dis bitch . 
  you do realize that them there narzis are n't around anymore right ? 
  \u266b do n't stop , believing ! \u266b ... ect ... 
  shhhhh ... angie , listen , it 's going to be okay . 
  oh , no sweat . 
  she 'll be cool and mellow once she leaves prison after 3 years . 
  i 'm stockpiling that shit right now my dahati friend !, 
  yes , we deserve it . 
  thanks for your support iran !, 
  probably not many . 
  but that wo n't fix her either way . 
  shhh ... do n't worry fam , the base is desolate . 
  lets do this gang !, 
  we can set it up next to the secret nazi base on the dark side . 
  ok ... i 'll go grab some powertools real quick and descrete-like . 
  i do n't wan na fix it dad . 
  ca n't we just throw it away ? 
  no , you 're doing it wrong ; german domination , the rest are all innocent !, 
  pretty much this . 
  the uk is a great tool for him to smash the eu even more and the uk will love being that tool . 
  pretty sure the brits will get a sweet deal and once they do , the gloating will be unprecedented . 
  prepare your anus eu they 're coming in dry !, 
  defianlty betterer even . 
  how dare you just divorce us after all of the bitching we had to put up with over the years !, 
  objectivity has long left the majority of this sub . 
  people want to see the uk hurt a bit . 
  i kinda did too , but then again , that 'd be very childish . 
  good luck , lets hope maggie 2.0 returns home with something nice for you . 
  and its about that time again fam . 
  you think this person can be fixed ?
