people ca n't get over the fact that you do n't speak austrian . 
  it 's the only way for ireland to thrive when our industries are so uncompetitive , otherwise the americans would invest in britain instead . 
  in my opinion , people from ireland and the uk tend to think of europe as a sunny place where they can go on holiday ( france , spain , italy , etc ) . 
  we do n't really take the idea of going there to work seriously . 
  if we do want to work abroad we go to the anglosphere countries . 
  europe does n't even come into the picture . 
  i know . 
  it 's just an irish thing to make as big a fuss about being lumped in with the brits as possible , regardless of whether it makes sense or not . 
  i do n't like this new layout either . 
  i 'm on a laptop with a small screen and the sidebar wastes valuable screen space . 
  the new banner is boring and nondescript . 
  i liked the european map in the old banner . 
   why not ? 
  our passport can get us into your country without issue dublin is not within the borders of the united kingdom . 
  i apologise if i did n't make it clear that this is what i meant . 
  many irish people interpret the phrase `` british isles '' to imply british ownership of the whole island of ireland , and take offence to it because of that . 
  personally , i do n't mind because i see it as a geographical term , but if you use it around other irish people they may take it as an assertion of ownership over their country . 
  you will not get a positive reaction . 
  do n't worry , i 'll try to be a little more ignorant next time !, 
   i 'm not trying to assign blame i know . 
  my comment reads somewhat ambiguously . 
  i meant it for those who focus on the grievances that lead to the conflict starting in the first place . 
  whoops , my bad . 
  hopefully , you get the point anyway . 
   the refugees that stay are going to be paying their taxes towards the increasing number of retired germans this is assuming that they 'll actually find work in germany 's industrial economy to begin with . 
  many of them will have to be taught basic skills like reading and writing , never mind the technical expertise they 'd need to find a job . 
  no doubt some migrants will find work that they are able to do , but the ones who do n't are likely to be a burden for germany for a long time to come . 
  wait , are n't you the guy from derry ? 
  i believe i have mixed you up with someone else . 
  we 're a small and insignificant country in terms of global influence , so i 'm not surprised . 
  an american once remarked to me that they 'd have to visit dublin the next time they were in the uk !, 
  i had to explain to them that borders do n't work that way . 
   but they are ethnically irish as well as british many northerners are of english and scottish descent . 
  it 's a bit of an exaggeration to say that all of them are of irish descent . 
   not that discrimination happened but the idea that it was all the unionist side 's fault . 
  the nationalist were hardly angels the entire affair was a violent , bloody catastrophe . 
  trying to assign blame for what happened is dangerously short-sighted . 
  i wish people were n't even having this kinds of conversations . 
  there is nothing to be gained from trying to justify terrorism . 
   they are n't all that fond of us up here and it shows i have no problem with people from northern ireland identifying as irish , british , northern irish or whatever they feel most comfortable with . 
  in my opinion , people from the republic tend to associate northern ireland with terrorism , and do n't want to identify with the irish in the north because of that . 
   i would n't say no to them joining it would be a terrible idea for northern ireland to join the republic under any circumstances . 
  we have far more important things to worry about , like rebuilding our economy and our social welfare system . 
  we do n't need their problems as well . 
  i 'd put up with anything here if i could actually find a job . 
   i 'm just disgusted by the primitiveness of the appeals to emotion used there welcome to the anglosphere press !, 
  ireland , my own country , is particulary bad for this when it comes to anything to do with economics . 
  we get scaremongering about how dire it would be to have a broad tax base , because no one would invest here anymore , etc , etc. 
  there 's no real debate , just repeating the same tired old talking points again and again . 
  i did n't realise just how big an issue discrimination against native peoples is and was in latin america . 
  i mean , canada and the united states basically do n't have any native peoples left , not in significant numbers anyway , whereas in latin america entire countries are made up mostly of natives . 
  and wealth being hoarded by the european guys at the top would really undermine a nation 's sense of self . 
  you ca n't have a country without a united people , after all . 
  i find it astonishing how many latin american countries were once part of larger federations . 
  was n't peru once part of colombia ? 
  as were numerous other nations , now that i think of it . 
  that 's not even going into what happened with the federal republic of central america . 
  seriously , you guys even speak the same language , practice the same religion and all . 
  how the heck did latin america end up so divided ? 
   he uk acts like a spoilt brat i do n't think the brits think of themselves as europeans any more than the americans do . 
   because france is not in that good a shape it saddens me that france 's government has failed to deal with the serious structural problems in their economy . 
  if they had , they might be in a position to influence european affairs and not have this whole mess left all up to germany alone . 
   it 's the only way to compete with usa or china and not be pushed into obscurity ... how ? 
  serious question . 
  in what way does the union help us compete against the world 's superpowers ? 
  if anything , smaller , open economies like denmark and switzerland are more competitive exporters than the wider eu . 
  i 'm all for the union , but it really seems to work against the strength of its individual member countries . 
  most of southern europe would benefit immensely from being able to issue their own currencies , for example . 
  you 'd think that if we really wanted to be stronger together , we 'd let each country play to its strengths , rather than force the entire continent to model themselves on germany . 
   it casts this hypothetical superstate as something a priori undesirable under any circumstances without even attempting to mention why that would be the case there is a certain kind of reader who associates `` superstate '' with the soviet union , basically . 
  my main problem with the eu is that the bigger , more powerful members like germany control the agenda . 
  business as usual , in other words . 
   northern ireland is as euroskeptic as the ** welsh ** and english wait , the welsh are eurosceptics ? 
  today i learned something new . 
   has n't shown to be a very stable model tbh to be fair , we got a really bad deal out of the uk , compared to the scots . 
  just because we left does n't mean the other celtic nations ever will . 
   going on to illustrate the ease which the eea provides just goes to prove the point that the eu is not a requirement i really ca n't see britain joining the eea . 
  i mean , correct me if i 'm wrong , but i thought britain was leaving because they did n't want europeans coming into their country . 
  being part of the eea would defeat the purpose of leaving the eu to begin with . 
  it 's interesting to hear you talk about the iron curtain . 
  ireland 's neighbours are english-speaking , both east and west , so the anglo-american world feels to us like it is the whole world . 
  our country turned fully to american-style capitalism and ran with it , so we 've never really had a conflicted relationship with `` the west '' , we just embraced it , both its good and its bad sides . 
  i 'll definitely check out holdviola . 
  most non-english music i listen to is in irish or in portugese , so i 'm not familiar with central european music . 
  a quick google search got me holdviola 's wikipedia page ... in hungarian , lol . 
  on that note , speaking only english does lock away a lot of the internet . 
  i 'm a linux user and whenever i check google news for linux stuff , i always get lots of articles in spanish and german . 
  if i spoke one of those , i 'd have a lot more to read . 
  it 's certainly something to think about . 
  about the european union , i agree with you . 
  i think it 's a tragedy that the union has done more to drive us all apart than bring us together . 
  i feel as though it 's easier if we work with the system we have rather than burning it down and starting again , though . 
  i know what you mean . 
  at times it feels like we 're part of an `` american internet '' that just assumes you are american and that america-specific cultural trends are relevant to you . 
  ireland is much better known in the big english-speaking countries because so many of us emigrated to those places , but it still feels like we 're overshadowed by them . 
  this is particularly the case for irish people , foreigners hardly notice that we 're there at all because the uk is much more exciting to them . 
  i guess that 's what i like about / r/europe so much . 
  we 're all part of small countries that are n't as prominent and talked about as the united states , but here we can be part of something bigger than our individual nations . 
  as an irish person , i envy that americans can live in such a huge society that has such an impact on the world , and that 's what i find appealing about europe and the eu , that it lets us be part of something that matters . 
   because they do n't have anything to say about romania probably thinking `` one of them immigrants '' .
