  you think any of the seventy year olds who voted leave know how to use google ? 
  total loss of control over the value of your currency ? 
  being forced to cut public spending during recessions because you ca n't devalue your currency ? 
  why * is * it cool to claim irish ancestry ? 
  i 've never understood this at all . 
   finland has such a small population that we will always be `` bossed around '' by bigger entities welcome to ireland !, 
  our sheer dependence on the us and uk economies is just embarrassing . 
  i do n't know if there 's any country like that for finland ( sweden ? 
  the united states is like a blazing sun that the rest of the world just ca n't ignore . 
  while we barely form part of your reality , america is a huge part of ours . 
   you should be thankful to england too for what ? 
  they never industrialised ireland the way they did scotland and northern ireland . 
  if they had , and the irish people had prospered from it , there would n't have been nearly so much support for independence . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for civilisation , but the british were n't interested in sharing it with us . 
  we got to be their breadbasket , not their partners in manufacturing . 
  i 've seriously looked at berlin as a place to live purely because rents are so unaffordable here . 
  granted , with berlin you have the challenge of actually finding a job , but that 's not easy in ireland either . 
   not if you talk to the old school grammar pedants fyi , old school grammar is inefficient . 
  peeps these days want to get their message across asap . 
   looking very silly in a couple of months once things have settled down two and a half years , more like . 
  it 's not that the uk is going to blow up overnight , it 's the fear of what might happen that will damage its economy . 
  sure , it 's all in people 's minds , but the real world consequences will be reduced investment by business and lower spending by consumers . 
  if the uk starts negotiations as soon as possible , the markets will calm down once they have a better idea of what to expect . 
   i am for having access to the eu single market do n't you mean a free trade agreement ? 
  being part of the single market means freedom of movement , even switzerland and norway have to agree to this . 
  a free trade agreement is what canada and the united states want with the eu , and that * does n't * include freedom of movement . 
  seriously , look up what the single market actually is . 
  you do n't want to be part of it if you do n't want freedom of movement , you want to be outside it with a free trade agreement in place . 
   i have no time for an elitist who think the common people are too stupid to know what 's good for them . 
  this is just the remain campaign being sore losers . 
  if they 'd won the referendum and the leavers were demanding a revote , you can bet there 'd be howls of facism from the guardian . 
  i 'd rather have seen britain stay , because i like the country and if they 'd stayed in i could have moved there for work , but the remainer 's saltiness is just embarrassing to watch . 
  i love how conservatives think the eu is too left-wing and anti-business , while liberal types think the eu is too capitalist and in league with big business . 
   no anglophone country in the world would tolerate secession without a referendum . 
  it would be an outrage . 
  well , we irish certainly were n't given a vote on whether or not to leave the uk . 
  if turkey had n't joined the eu , brexit would never have happened . 
  yes , unfortunately , which makes matters even worse . 
  so , is it better if visitors to the netherlands just not bother learning the language at all ? 
  dulbin is more like one massive village . 
  dublin city council are against high-rise building projects because they 'd spoil the traditional skyline . 
  all this talk about ireland snapping up all the investment from britain makes me uneasy , as if speaking english and having low taxes somehow gives us superpowers . 
  it 's not like the germans , swedes and dutch do n't speak perfectly good english , and while our tax rates are competitive we do n't have a large population for business to sell to . 
  paris and frankfurt will benefit far more from this whole mess than dublin will . 
  and besides , jobs in dublin mean absolutely nothing to the 3.2 million of us irish who ca n't afford to live there . 
   official language is not something symbolic , it 's an actual work language . 
  welcome to ireland !, 
  yeah , it makes no sense , i know . 
  they 'd be overrun with filthy european immigrants !, 
  i 'll confess that i burst out laughing when i saw the look on boris johnson 's face at his press conference . 
  he looked like a condemned man . 
   it 's absolute hogwash , he paints this wonderland fantasy picture of the uk getting all the good stuff from the eu without any of the bad . 
  it 's outright dishonesty . 
  he makes out that there 's no risk at all to the uk 's future when in reality there are really tough times ahead . 
   i hope they still want to come here . 
  they will . 
  the challenge will be that they wo n't be allowed to take a job if there 's a briton that can do it just as well . 
  that 's how canada 's visa system works . 
  surely the uk will impose the same thing on european workers . 
   daniel hannan has already hinted it hannan 's always been about the economics , though . 
  free trade with china and the anglosphere is what gets him all excited , not immigration . 
  amusingly enough , the comments section of his eloquent telegraph articles were inevitably taken over by ranting ukippers who suspected that he was n't really one of them . 
   now you 're shouting up and down the block about `` uninformed voters '' ( something sanders tried in the states and was promptly called racist for , by the way ) , about how democracy is awful ( makes those rants against china , russia , or other permanent `` evil '' countries seem a bit hypocritical , do n't you think ) , or how all of a sudden everyone who voted to leave is now filled with regret . 
  as an observer who favoured remain , the saltiness of the remainers is just plain embarrassing to watch . 
   if they actually wanted it to win they would have had some kind of plans such as , i do n't know , some free trade deals lined up with canada , australia and the united states ? 
  talks underway , at least ? 
  nope , apparently they literally had no plan for what to do next . 
  i find the whole scottish independence thing kind of funny considering that we irish literally had to kill for our independence . 
  we did n't get the courtesy of a referendum . 
  sorry , my gaeilge is rubbish . 
   bad luck that the eu has freedom of movement as a condition for all agreements is there a reason why switzerland signed those bilateral treaties instead of just signing a free trade agreement and going whatever the heck they wanted ? 
   it was an internal decision for the uk to make this attitude is what so many other europeans find very frustrating . 
  it may be an internal decision , but the impact it will have on the rest of europe will be enormous , and the uk does n't seem concerned about that at all . 
  i still think talk of a second referendum is ridiculous , and that the final result should be expected , but it 's understandable that the rest of europe feels betrayed . 
  this situation will cause no end of trouble for my own country , ireland , but it 's not as though our needs were taken into account even though we share a border with the uk . 
  in an ideal world , no one would actually want to leave the eu . 
  the only reason that there is a risk of brexit `` contagion '' is because there are other eu members who are n't happy with their lot but stay in because of the risk that leaving presents to their economy . 
  if the eu did n't actually work against the interests of many of its smaller members , there would n't be a need to `` punish '' britain . 
  we 're only allowed to have one of our official languages represented at eu level . 
  it 's ridiculous , i know . 
  people have an emotional attachment to irish , and its official status is unlikely to change . 
  it 's harder than you 'd think . 
  it feels weird trying to express myself in irish with people i know who speak english and are n't interested responding in irish . 
  on top of that , my irish is very poor , so it 's like trying to be myself in a foreign language . 
  my mother speaks it , so i can practice it with her , but the rest of my family do n't really care . 
  i think this is true for lots of irish people . 
  it 's not our every-day spoken language , so it 's easy to fall out of practice with it . 
   they want some sort of norway/swiss deal which effectively means that they will still have to abide by the free labour/travel market yet have absolutely no input or vetoes on legislation that might effect them . 
  what they want is a free-trade agreement with no strings attached , not unlike the kind of deal that countries like canada and the united states are pushing for with the eu . 
  as boris johnson said `` we could be like canada '' . 
  the problem is that the canada deal took five years to work out , and still has n't been ratified due to complications over the isds clauses . 
  not the model that britain should be aiming for , in my opinion . 
  it could happen , in theory . 
  as boris johnson said `` we could be like canada '' . 
  what he meant was that since canada has arranged a free trade deal with the eu without having freedom of movement , so can britain . 
  while he 's right , there 's a catch : canada 's free trade agreement took five years of negotiating to achieve , and it still has n't been ratified by the eu parliament due to the controversial inverstor dispute mechanism . 
  in other words , free trade deals take a long , long time to work out . 
  sure , britain will prosper as a free trading nation in the long term . 
  but getting there could be a long , difficult journey . 
   which would mean wilders would need to win the upcoming elections and then do a referendum ukip did n't win the last uk referendum .
