  the possibility that they might , or that they might deny the conservatives a place in power , was what forced david cameron to call a referendum . 
  most of the human race have brown or black eyes . 
  it 's already taken over . 
  green eyes are a result of not having enough pigment for fully brown eyes , that 's why they are so rare . 
  they 're actually half way between blue and brown . 
  as an irish person , i 'd welcome brits who want to associate themselves with our country , whatever their motivations . 
  do n't let the negative reactions here discourage you . 
  you have to realise that switzerland was never part of the eu , and has always dealt with the eu from the outside . 
  britain was a member since 1979 , and will have a lot of work to do repealing eu laws and negotiating over their trade status with europe . 
  the two situations are n't as similar as they look . 
  as other posters have mentioned , britain does n't want to be part of the single market like switzerland because that would give eu citizens the right to live and work in britain , which the british do n't want . 
  what britain does want is something like a free trade agreement with the eu , without freedom of movement for europeans . 
  britain will probably be just fine in the long term . 
  the problem is that free trade agreements can take a long time to negotiate , and they will suffer economically in the short term . 
  the next couple of years are going to be tough for them , as investors may avoid the uk due to uncertainty over the future of their trade with the eu . 
  too bad that muslim immigration to the uk had absolutely nothing to do with the european union , eh ? 
  these days , the north 's main problems are political dysfunction and lack of trust between the two communities . 
  a return to direct control by westminster is entirely possible . 
  frankly , the north is just one of those challenges that goes on and on with no end in sight , like the israel-palestine conflict or the racial issues in south africa . 
  it 's amazing that so much progress has been made towards peace as things stand . 
  most polls conducted on alternative political arrangements have shown little interest in a `` third way '' , whether that constitutes independence ( i.e. 
  northern ireland as a stand-alone state ) or federalism within the republic . 
  sadly , there is no consensus in the north as to what their future should be . 
  until now , the absense of a border with the republic meant that they could be both in the uk and a de-facto part of the republic , satisfying both sides to an extent . 
  this situation will probably not survive the brexit process . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  there are occasional outbreaks of violence in the form of street brawls and the like , but a return to full-blown terrorism is unlikely . 
  that said , the toxic atmosphere of distrust between the two communities is a more serious problem . 
  there 's no point in trying to push the north to reunify with the republic if it divides the people even further . 
  i guess my views are out of date , then . 
  my undertanding was that the catholic and protestant communities in the north are still highly segregated and that they have nothing to do with one another . 
  i would have thought that political opinions on reunification would be similarly divided . 
   cross-border trade is a huge part of life on both sides of the border we 'll have to learn to do without it . 
  i highly doubt the unionists of the north would agree to reunification with the republic , not in a thousand years . 
   why do you care what laws the uk has ? 
  the whole idea was to make each country more like a province of an eu superstate , as opposed to an independent nation . 
  naturally , each province would have to abide by the same rules and regulations , just as the counties of england all follow the same english laws . 
  do whatever will result in the most peaceful outcome . 
  whether you join our republic or not , we 'll support your decision either way . 
   what steps do you think your government should take to make irish the primary language in the country again ? 
  nothing . 
  the government ca n't make anyone use irish if they do n't want to . 
  there is a growing movement of people who want to speak irish to their children and to have their children educated through irish . 
  these scattered individuals are the only ones who can bring irish back into everyday life . 
  because most families do n't speak it at home , so it never gets used outside of the classroom . 
  do n't feel ashamed . 
  this bizarre notion that one 's lack of irish is something to be ashamed of is exactly why so many people come to hate it . 
  i got an exemption from irish when i was in school , and i 've just started learning it from scratch as an adult . 
  it 's never too late to start . 
  intersectionality . 
  contemporary leftist movements tend to think of all minorities as victims of the majority culture . 
  the fact that some of these minorities might be hostile to each other ( jews and muslims for example ) just does n't fit into this worldview . 
  the worse of it is , there * are * genuinely peaceful muslims who get blamed for the monstrous behaviour of the extremists , so we do have to stand up for them and not tar them all with the same brush . 
   like man not shaking hands with women pretty much every moderate muslim does this . 
  just because someone takes a strict interpretation of islam does n't mean they 're a terrorist . 
  we bribed half of america 's corporations to run our economy for us . 
  not sure if it 'll work a second time , in this age of economic nationalism . 
  i ca n't imagine why . 
  we 're not nearly as attractive as the swedes or italians . 
  we do n't have any other parties to vote for , unless you 'd prefer sinn f\u00e9in . 
  no , we 'd spend it on pension increases for our politicians and debt repayments . 
  we 're also one of the most economically vulnerable states in the eu . 
  we depend on foreign businesses to generate all our employment , and our tax haven status is built on foundations of sand . 
  once that comes to an end , it 'll probably take us decades to actually build up a real economy to replace all the american businesses who will leave . 
   if i were a conspiracy theorist , at this point i 'd start theorizing that the government is destabilizing society on purpose so they can justify greater control the truth is far more frightening : our governments really are just that incompetent . 
   now what should we do ? 
  nothing . 
  it 's too late for that . 
  you can not `` convert '' them into frenchmen unless you can find a basis for progressive values in the quran , because that is the only source of authority they respect . 
  you could reduce immigration to a trickle , but you 'd still have to live alongside your muslim fellow citizens and the values they live by . 
  these people can neither be changed nor deported . 
  the challenges their behaviour poses is now a permanent one for french society . 
  the eu already tried to push a plan for each member state to take refugees according to the size of their population . 
  it never got off the ground , mainly because the whole of eastern europe just plain refused to even consider it . 
  you know that poland avoided the migrant quota by just , well , refusing to cooperate ? 
  given that modern capitalism is entirely based around ever increasing levels of consumption , good luck persuading anyone to abandon it . 
  on the contrary , they are one of the largest groups of immigrants in the country and are well-liked . 
  no one here bats an eyelid at hearing a british accent . 
  our economy is about to get wrecked considering that you guys are our main trading partner , so you might find things less rosy than you think . 
  here 's hoping for both our sakes that the eu comes to a sane compromise with the uk . 
  shame there 's no actual room in our cities for foreign businesses to move in . 
   yet they received parallel societies , sharia , fgm , hate preachers , jihadis , burkas and the threat of `` do n't hurt my feelings or i 'll radicalize and blow some people up '' . 
  so britain left the eu to stop all those muslims coming in from poland , romania , bulgaria and so on ? 
  but how would british workers compete with them then ? 
  no , the money would be better invested in the german energy grid . 
  at present , when there 's too much energy in the grid from renewables , it has to be dumped in the grids of neighbouring countries . 
  then , when there 's too little , the shortfall has to be made up for with coal . 
  investing even more in renewables is self-defeating without a grid that can handle the fluctuations in output . 
  did n't know we had those in ireland !, 
  believe me , it 's a long story . 
  this was exactly what i thought when i heard about it . 
  seems he 's rather infatuated with the idea of having `` fellow brits '' across the atlantic , but the americans are a rather different people than he thinks they are . 
  if the eu decides that we are n't allowed to offer free movement for uk citizens to our country , i doubt the uk government would offer us the same courtesy . 
  i can live in hope , though . 
  i was reading the daily telegraph to keep up with the british right years before brexit . 
  i saw this coming , and was dreading the referendum in the days leading up to it , because i knew what was going to happen . 
  no one i knew believed me . 
  i 'm saddened that we irish ca n't count ourselves among the brits anymore . 
  we wo n't have the right to live and work in britain any more , which is a shame considering what an incredible country it is . 
  it 's a loss to both sides , as the largest number of foreigners in ireland are british , and we 'll miss them and their lovely accents .
