  sentimental attachment to other english-speaking countries , as opposed to nasty alien europeans and asians ? 
  bit late for that , i 'm afraid . 
  so , what do you suggest we do about the fifty million muslim citizens already here in europe ? 
  europe is arranging free trade deals with both canada and the united states , and both australia and new zealand intend to begin free trade talks with the eu soon . 
  we europeans will be trading with the anglosphere too , it 'll just take us a lot longer than it will for the uk . 
  i 'm worried that we 'll lose our uk access as well . 
  i know the british would n't mind us being there , but i doubt the eu will make an exception for us . 
  this attitude is exactly what people found upsetting about brexit , the fact that they clearly care so little about how their country 's actions impact the wider european community . 
  it 's as though they do n't even think of themselves as one of us . 
   if you wish to trade with us , you need to accept free movement more like `` if you wish to be part of the single market , you need to accept free movement '' . 
  free trade and the single market are n't the same thing . 
   a ) we do n't trade with eu , or b ) this law wo n't go through as the eu will force the uk into the free movement ? 
  more like the uk leaves the eu , then trade is heavily restricted for several years while you negotiate a free trade deal with the eu . 
  no freedom of movement necessary . 
   but unemployment in the uk is lower than almost anywhere else in europe and the minimum wage is pretty high i thought the reason why people voted leave was because of immigrants stealing their jobs and driving down wages , though ? 
  those people are n't from the commonwealth !, 
  everyone knows the commonwealth is populated exclusively by well-behaved , english-speaking white people in australia , canada and new zealand !, 
   but sure , laugh at those british working class idiots who wo n't move to the `` real opportunity '' as if such a thing exists anywhere besides the uk and germany this is one of the major problems with europe 's economy ; most of the continent either has extremely high unemployment rates or very low wages . 
  germany is really the only `` big country '' on the continent that can meaningfully compete with the uk in terms of both wages and employment opportunities . 
  it 's not about earning more money , it 's about whether there are jobs in your area or not . 
  if you ca n't find work in the uk but there are jobs in your field on the continent , it would make absolute sense to relocate . 
   and let them eat cake when the economy turns to shit many leave votes live in areas where the economy is in the dumps anyway . 
  if there 's no hope for a job for you anyway , dragging the rest of the country into a recession wo n't bother you at all . 
  i do n't mind them being against brexit . 
  what really annoys me is that they 're being held * after * the referendum . 
  where the hell were all these people in the run-up to voting day ? 
  too arrogant and complacent to ever think their side could lose , so they did nothing . 
  and now that we have brexit and there 's no going back , only * now * do they start getting organised . 
  they should have started taking this whole thing seriously a little sooner , do n't you think ? 
  my understanding is that it 's about finding access to skilled workers . 
  for a startup struggling to find talented employees , a local developer who left their previous job or got laid off is perfect . 
  the companies poach one another 's employees . 
   if they decide not to join the eea and try to go with the wto trade rules it will take the uk up to 10 years to make new trade deals with 60 different countries i predict this is the route that the uk will take . 
  they want to stop foreigners from entering the country no matter what the economic cost and will replace the lost eu trade with indian and chinese trade . 
   why do n't more poor working-class brits use freedom of movement for their benefit ? 
  none of them speak any language other than english , so the right to live and work in the eu is meaningless to them . 
  to the leave voter , the eu is something that lets foreigners enter the uk . 
  being able to enter the eu themselves is n't something they 'd ever want to take advantage of , so losing that access is n't an issue for them . 
   `` more laws = good '' or `` fewer laws = good '' are both nonsensical positions the anglosphere culture generally lends itself to the attitude that laws are inherently a bad thing , and the fewer of them there are the better . 
  how on earth would the netherlands leave when they have the euro ? 
  whatever about the uk 's situation , switching to a new currency would be a great way to make your debts unsustainable overnight . 
  we only have one neighbour ... britain . 
  : / come back , guys !, 
  brexit was n't about immigration , it was about taking back control \u2122 !, 
   we have rights here alien , european rights !, 
  non-british rights !, 
  get rid of the european court of human rights !, 
     the uk did n't leave because it 's full of racist , old white people that voted against they young , educated , euphoric redditors . 
  it voted to leave because they felt their sovereignity was being taken away by bruxelles , and they did n't want to be a part of this megastate i think the brexit phenomenon was caused by both movitations : dislike of foreigners * and * a desire for greater sovereignty . 
  the leave voters are n't united in their reasons for voting leave . 
  the uk is unique in that it is a union of four very different nations . 
  hence , being english is n't the same thing as being british , and it 's usually the far-right who emphasise the distinction . 
  i just love how the working classes are supposed to have voted against globalisation , according to the media , yet the tories are racing to globalise the uk even more with dozens of free trade deals . 
  power to the people !, 
  it 's something for us westerners to think about before comdemning the traditions of `` third world '' nations , is n't it ? 
  you never know what part of the bigger picture you 're missing . 
  agreed , but we 're never going to convince muslims of that . 
  it 's better to restrict immigration from problematic countries , rather than allow it and then try to force them to conform when they have no intention of cooperating . 
   wearing something is purely a personal choice muslims do not see it as a personal choice , they see it as a crucial part of obeying their god and avoiding damnation . 
  because they ca n't begin negotiating a free trade deal like that until they actually leave the eu , and even when they do leave it could take years to sort out . 
  the british need a deal that can apply immediately once they fully leave , and some kind of eea deal/single market access is the only option open to them . 
   your `` solution '' will keep making it worse and worse i never mentioned any kind of solution in my post . 
  to answer your concerns , birth rate around 1.9 to 2 children per woman would ensure that the proportion of young people to old people should stay roughly the same over time . 
  they ca n't fill that role , not without being able to read or write . 
  the right way to handle it is to prevent economic growth coming at the cost of family formation . 
  it 's not that we need to replace our existing peoples with the entire population of the middle east , it 's that people are marrying later and having only one child . 
  businesses really expect too much of their employees , at least when it comes to their personal time invested in the enterprise . 
  if people have to choose between career and kids , they 'll choose career . 
  and then , lo and behold , you have a labour shortage !, 
  yes , but it 's a problem if the percentage of elderly people increases . 
  the ageing of europe due to low birth rates . 
  good luck maintaining a productive economy when 50 % of your population are retirees . 
   using it would make transatlantic partnership so easy are n't the american and british imperial systems different ? 
  who cares ? 
  it 's * more british * than that dastardly foreign metric !, 
  i 'm interested in german because of all the technical material you can read in it . 
  anytime i ever look up linux or pc hardware on google news , there 's so many articles in german . 
  notebookcheck.de has articles that are only in german . 
  germany has the chaos communication congress . 
  they speak english at that , i know , but still . 
  mandarin chinese is considered far cooler these days , especially among the british , but good luck actually reading it without a dictionary . 
  because we all know how fond americans are of the idea of global government , right ? 
   well , if you 're talking about the commonwealth , there are two categories :   commonwealth realm  : canada , australia , new zealand plus minor bits and pieces ; as / u/extherian said , good luck with getting those to move to the far away uk for unskilled labor    the rest of the commonwealth  ( colored pink in the image ) : india , pakistan , bangladesh and the former african colonies plus minor bits and pieces ; realistically this is the only group of countries that would `` compete '' on that market so from now on i 'll be referring to it as `` commonwealth '' , for short and there was me thinking the eu was overly complicated !, 
  no wonder ireland left the commonwealth . 
   unlike many of those countries we have a democratic government ah , but you do n't , not really !, 
  because freedom and democracy are uniquely anglosphere traditions !, 
  / s  unlike many of those countries we 're christian  unlike many of those countries we have a historically low crime rate  unlike many of those countries we have had a rather high literacy rate and decent education ah , but you do n't speak english or follow cricket , you aliens !, 
  go home to russia where you came from !, 
  i wish the obligatory / s was n't even needed . 
  anyway , i thought the entire idea was that the uk would n't have immigrant at all for these low-paid occupations , but would give them to uk citizens instead . 
   the eu vote was always more about internal uk politics than the single market . 
  i 'm still kind of dumbfounded that no one stopped to think how their vote on the uk 's internal politics would impact the rest of europe . 
  i think that 's why many europeans have taken this so badly . 
  whether intentional or not , it comes across as the uk not really caring about the wider global community they 're a part of . 
   however , many , many people who voted leave did n't do so because of immigration . 
  there were plenty of other reasons , especially for people who are n't as poor , like my own family . 
  i just want you to understand that even when immigration is factored in , the issue is more complex than straight-up xenophobia . 
  that does make a lot more sense . 
  thanks for explaining that , because the `` why '' behind the leave vote is hard to make sense of from the outside . 
  over here we tend to think of the uk as being a much richer version of ireland .
