  i have to say that it 's surprisingly easy to fall into bigoted beliefs without realising it . 
  like , you hear about crimes/fraud being committed by `` eastern europeans '' in your area , and then begin to think of them all as somehow dodgy . 
  it 's not a nice thing to recognise in yourself when you realise you 're being racist in your thinking . 
  : / next time i meet someone from romania , though ... i 'll at least remember that you are the guys who put our internet to shame . 
  this . 
  our media is all `` yay brexit , we can totally poach all their talent !, 
  '' , but it 's really not going to happen . 
   but it 's one of the richer countries in the eu . 
  true , but our unemployment rate is very high compared to germany or the uk . 
  there are n't many jobs here , which i assume is why no migrants want to come . 
   but the way he says it , `` look , even those poor romanians have faster internet than us '' , is crappy and demeaning you 'd be amazed at how little people know about eastern/central europe . 
  i used to think it was just all poor and underdeveloped until i met someone from estonia . 
  she informed me that her country is actually far more technologically advanced than many western european countries !, 
  since coming to / r/europe , i 've also learned a lot more about central europe than i did before . 
  your cultures do n't feature in our media at all . 
  no hungarian television , romanian music , slovakian literature or anything of the sort . 
  of course , the very fact that i 'm lumping all of central europe together shows my ignorance as much as anything else . 
  i think it 's also that the wages are lower than in western europe , so not many of us have actually been east to see what it 's like for ourselves . 
  all we have to go on are stereotypes . 
   but the truth is there no desire in the uk to do any harm to ireland 's economy just because they 're part of europe . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  i 'm just concerned that the eu will essentially decide things for ireland without us having a say , since we are just one voice out of 27 . 
  i wonder what would happen if a hard border was imposed by the eu and ireland just decided to ignore it . 
  that is , continue to allow british citizens to reside freely in ireland , and vice versa . 
  what , if anything , could the eu do about it ? 
  this is n't something that ireland can do in the near future . 
  we 're a member of the euro and would have to ditch it if we left the eu , which would be much more difficult than what the uk is going through . 
  and while the rest of europe may be keen to keep trading with the big uk market , the same wo n't be true of tiny ireland and our market of just 4.5 million people . 
  no one here has any desire to walk down that hard road . 
  if the uk prospers outside the eu as i suspect it will , an irexit might gain momentum years from now , especially if we lost our low tax edge through eu harmonisation . 
  but i fear that our future may be dark in the meantime . 
  our links with the us and uk are vital to our economy , and we face being locked out of the anglo-american world for the next decade at least . 
  in that case , there should be no brexit negotiations . 
  britain wo n't retain access to the single market since they do n't want immigration from the single market , so they should leave immediately and revert to wto rules with the eu . 
  that way , the uk can begin discussions on what it really wants : not single market access , but a free trade deal with europe . 
  that is n't an option for britain until it has fully left the eu , so no point in wasting two years on negotiations that wo n't go anywhere . 
  i just find it very odd that he 's against free trade on principle but is willing to make an exception for the uk . 
  i know it 's because the uk wo n't threaten american manufacturing as you said , but still . 
  you 'd think he 'd be against american workers of * any * industry having to compete with foreigners , not just manufacturing . 
  meanwhile , ireland will just stagnate on the sidelines . 
  i do n't think the british really care about northern ireland or the peace process . 
  their number one priority was to keep eastern europeans out of britain . 
  any negative effect on us was just collateral damage . 
   i 'm sorry but any german , frenchman or other west european needs to put away their victim card and see that this is nothing to do with them . 
  it has everything to do with them . 
  the whole point of the eu is that we are n't germans , french , poles or brits , we 're europeans , all citizens of a nation greater than our own . 
  brexit effectively says that poles are so bad it 's worth locking everyone else out too . 
  and that unlike the uk , we 're not strong enough to walk away from it and survive . 
  they 're not english anyway , which is what i assume he meant by the `` great british public '' . 
  people often get them confused . 
  do n't you mean the 24 hour hate ? 
  so in other words , we all learned american english by default !, 
  britain is n't `` doing better without the eu '' . 
  it 's still an eu member . 
  it 's still part of the single market . 
  the real challenge has n't even begun . 
  not saying that britain ca n't hack it alone , but it 's a bit early yet to be jumping to conclusions . 
   do you really think ireland or luxembourg will allow harmonisation of corporation tax ? 
  we 're small fish in the big eu pond , so we 'll be forced to allow it whether we like it or not . 
  this pretty much sums up the european union project as a whole : fuck everyone else , we 'll look after ourselves . 
  but bild said that german women have bigger breasts !, 
  need to get a visa first , though . 
  find an occupation that 's in demand , earn over a certain amount of income ... ah , brexit . 
  got ta love it !, 
  i 'm learning german and keeping an eye on how its economy is doing . 
  if ireland gets ruined by brexit i need an escape plan . 
  i think germany is the escape plan for a lot of people , europeans and refugees alike . 
  it 's the one country in europe you can count on to get things right . 
  of course , our probes are flawless and never crash !, 
   they buy property instead are scandinavians all millionaires or something ? 
  who the hell has the money to actually * buy * property ? 
  i mean , i 've given up even being able to afford renting , never mind actual property ownership . 
  because the brexiteers think their country is powerful enough to demand whatever it wants from the european union and get it . 
  you could avoid getting downvotes by not gloating about it . 
  that 's bound to upset people , considering the subreddit you 're posting in . 
  i come from a country that was wrecked by it . 
  our opinion on the matter is irrelevant because we ca n't do anything about the euro , we 're stuck with it . 
  the single market is not a free trade agreement . 
  they are two totally different things . 
  the single market not only involves the elimination of tariffs , it also eliminates non-trade barriers like incompatible laws and regulatory standards , visa rules preventing workers from migrating to where there 's a demand for their labour , and ideally different curriencies as well . 
  all these things are tied together . 
  you ca n't be part of the tariff-free zone without adopting its legal standards and the free movement of labour . 
  a free trade deal is much more restrictive . 
  it 's essentially about saying `` we 'll remove tariffs on our industry x if you do the same for your industry y '' . 
  this tit-for-tat negotiation is more limited than what the eu has . 
  the eu is n't trying to tack on freedom of movement to a free trade deal . 
  the issue is n't about a free trade deal at all , it 's about preserving what britain already has , which is membership of the single market . 
  you might wonder why britain does n't just negotiate a free trade deal with the eu when it leaves and get the best of both worlds . 
  well , it can , but it would take many years as free trade deals generally take a long time to work through . 
  that would n't be good for the british economy in the meantime . 
  so , the issue is a little less straightfoward than it appears !, 
   so losing 65 million brits means losing a lot of buying power germany is n't `` losing 65 million brits '' . 
  were n't the leave campaign falling over themselves trying to emphasise that trade with europe would continue either way ? 
   ireland would be considered a core county * ireland ? 
  * this is news to me . 
  i thought no one cared about us . 
  and wales ? 
  that seperate nation from england that also voted leave , and will not stay on in the eu as an independent state ? 
  funny that the united states is n't so keen on freedom of movement with its peaceful , prosperous , english-speaking neighbour canada , is n't it ? 
   where is the benefit ?
