  that 's not something we can turn our back on without being destroyed by the markets . 
  the uk is strong enough to thrive outside of europe , but ireland is not . 
  no , you wo n't . 
  you need a visa first . 
  you need to be working in a specific , in-demand field , and you need to be earning over # 35,500 a year ... no , wait . 
  that 's the uk !, 
  could you name a single candidate for the next prime minister who has advocated eea membership ? 
  because all i 'm hearing is about how theresa may , micheal gove and andrea leadsom are totally against freedom of movement and how it 's a `` red line '' issue . 
  i always understood it that the british considered themselves to be part of a seperate , english-speaking civilization that was n't at all european in character . 
   herefore see our rejection of the eu as a rejection of them you * are * rejecting them . 
  they no longer have any right to live and work in the uk , except under very specific conditions as defined under your immigration laws . 
  in other words , you do n't consider them citizens any more , you consider them foreigners . 
  the eu stands for more than just the continent of europe itself , it stands for a shared european community . 
  for the eu 's citizens , anywhere on the continent can be considered home . 
  what about more pakistanis , bangladeshis , nigerians , kenyans and jamaicans ? 
  all perfectly decent commonwealth citizens . 
  or ... do n't tell me ... the leavers are n't too fond of muslims and dark-skinned folk ? 
  say it ai n't so !, 
   the eu the same eu negotiating free trade deals with the united states , canada and japan , with free trade negotiations planned for australia and new zealand ? 
  the same eu that already has free trade deals with south korea , chile , morocco , algeria , egypt , south africa , turkey and mexico ? 
  you may not want european immigrants coming in to your country , fine , but i 'm puzzled by the idea that the eu is somehow a bad thing for free trade and travel . 
  make good on it , come on over here !, 
  we need more people to pay off our debts with their taxes !, 
  i was pro-remain and read daniel hannan 's telegraph articles and tweets regularly . 
  i had this unshakable feeling that the remain side were going to lose , at least as long as leave had people as persuasive as hannan on their side . 
  no one believed me when i said as much to my friends and family , though . 
   it 's going to be fine and england will come out of it greater for it what about scotland and nothern ireland ? 
  they are member states of the * united kingdom * along with `` england '' . 
   the only way europe can remain a relevant character on the international stage is to band together this needs to be translated into something more specific . 
  what does `` relevant '' mean in this context ? 
  i 've struggled to define it myself . 
   i do n't want anything to do with it why not ? 
  would you not rather be part of a large union of countries than a small one ? 
   get german citizenship and leave the country , that you do n't want anymore , alone ? 
  if they have lost their rights as eu citizens , then they might not be eligible for a visa depending on what job they 're doing and how much money they 're making . 
   got to feel really bad for these people all over eu and eu nationals in uk why ? 
  it 's an internal british matter that has nothing to do with the rest of the eu !, 
  believe me , i know all about living through grinding austerity . 
  i meant more in terms of being able to leave for another eu country when a 2008 scenario happens . 
  we 're basically poles and romanians too , which is why brexit bothered me so much since it 's another door closed to irish emigrants . 
   yeah , but you have n't made any case that freedom of movement is essential to any of that . 
  that was n't actually my intention . 
  it 's my rough explanation of exactly why europe 's leaders think the whole thing is so important , at least from what i 've picked up from reading pro-remain british media . 
  the eu 's idea of getting around the language problem is to encourage every eu citizen to learn all the european languages . 
  no , [ seriously ] { http://www.languagesinitiative.ie/mainmenublog/news/item/182-european-day-of-languages } . 
  okay , the actual idea is for each citizen to learn two additional eu languages in addition to their own , but it 's unworkable in practice . 
  other than that , though , i pretty much agree with everything you said , it 's a pretty crazy idea . 
  it does have benefits for people from poor countries like me , though obviously not for the wealthier ones like the uk . 
   forcing immigration policy to allow trade is asinine and backwards then do n't join the single market . 
  you can negotiate a free trade deal and have a slightly lower level of access to the eu market without freedom of movement . 
  the eu is n't forcing any country to be part of the single market . 
  countries that are already in the single market , like the uk and switzerland , are trying to treat the single market as if it were a free trade deal , which it is n't . 
  both countries would be better off if they had never joined , considering how much freedom of movement bothers them . 
  is n't the danish krone pegged to the euro , though ? 
  in that case , why bother having a seperate currency to begin with ? 
   butwhy.gif originally , it was to make war impossible between france and germany by making them economically dependant on each other , so that it would n't make sense to attack the other country as your own country would be ruined . 
  these days , the idea is that the eu can demand better conditions in the free trade deals it agrees with huge super nations like china and the united states by presenting themselves as one economic entity , with the leverage that this huge market implies . 
  unifying all europe as a single nation also allows economies of scale , in that businesses can sell to the entire continent as one market rather than to seperate individual markets . 
  armies can pool their resources . 
  people can move to wherever they want as long as their skills are in demand . 
  in short , there are advantages to being part of a big country rather than a small one . 
   thanks , i 'm trying to understand what is the concern from the point of view of the swiss or the british the first concern is that there are no visas involved , so anyone from europe can do any job they like in the uk . 
  so instead of restricting immigrants to only being doctors or engineers , the uk has to let them take jobs like building , plumbing , bartending or childcare . 
  in other words , the kind of jobs that there are plenty of working-class brits competing for . 
  the second concern is that there are no limits at all on how many immigrants can enter from the eu . 
  since the british economy is so strong and has so many opportunities for work , it attracts a lot of people from eastern europe who want to live there and the uk ca n't stop them from coming . 
   the idea that you ca n't have a single market without free movement of people is complete and utter hogswash indeed , there is no reason why you could n't have that situation in principle . 
  the eu insists on it as part of its basic laws because the purpose of the eu is to create a single functioning country out of its constituent nations . 
  it reminds me a little of the uk . 
  there 's no restrictions on scots seeking work in england , or welsh moving to northern ireland . 
  there are also no tariffs or restrictions on trade between different parts of the uk . 
  four nations , one country . 
  the united states works out the same way . 
  the eu is n't the equivelant of open borders between the us and mexico , it 's the equivelant of open borders between new york and texas . 
   we just want a system where you can sell goods to us freely , and we can sell goods to you freely , and we do n't have to have free movement between us . 
  leave the single market , then , and negotiate a free trade deal on your own terms . 
  that 's what the brexit leaders aim to do . 
  a free trade agreement between switzerland and europe would give you most of what you want . 
   unless you have free movement you will have no access to our markets you do n't have access to the * single market * if you do n't accept freedom of movement . 
  that does n't mean you ca n't trade with the eu , it just means that tariffs will apply . 
  if you do n't want freedom of movement , you can always negotiate a free trade deal where * some * , not all , of your tariffs are removed . 
  it 's less than what the single market gives you , but more than if you were trading under wto rules . 
  switzerland opted to become part of the single market , rather than negotiating a free trade deal , then changed their mind about freedom of movement . 
  that is where all the trouble started . 
   i really do n't understand why people think that they can choose one part of the single market and not the other . 
  the freedom of movement is a part of the single market . 
  i honestly think it 's because people genuinely do n't understand the difference between the single market ( complete elimination of all tariffs , along with freedom of movement ) and a free trade agreement ( removal of tariffs on specific areas of trade agreed on by both sides , still some tariffs in place , no freedom of movement ) . 
  unfortunately , we wo n't be joining you . 
  ireland is so knee deep in the eu that there 's no possibility of us leaving as well . 
  still , are the warm sentiments towards the british shared by your politicians as well as by the people ? 
  there 's much talk of a close relationship between ireland and the united states , for example , but that means nothing on a political level . 
  our illegal immigrants are totally without any possibility of amnesty , and additional restrictions have been placed on the j1-visas used by our young people to work there . 
  what chance is there of that actually happening ? 
  has it been debated by your politicians , or those of australia and new zealand ? 
  i mean , it just seems odd that britain would leave to bring an end to freedom of movement , only to sign up to it again with a different set of countries . 
  whoops , misread that post . 
  seems a little overly complicated , but the uk really does n't have that many options . 
  nothing . 
  in some border areas ( belgium and france , belgium and netherlands , luxembourg and germany ) people might speak one of the languages they share in common with neighboring countries , but english has seriously eroded the popularity of competing languages like french and russian . 
  the brexiters want the same relationship with the eu as the united states has , something closer to a free trade agreement with more tariffs and restrictions on trade than currently exists .
