  i had no idea that inequality between different regions was that severe . 
  it is kind of extraordinary , though , that most of the uk has n't benefited from the single market at all . 
  i suppose this is because the uk economy is based on international finance rather than manufacturing , so the non-london parts of the uk do n't actually have anything to sell to the european market . 
  anyway , off to read that article you linked to . 
  thanks for helping me stay informed !, 
  and i 'm sorry if anything i said caused offence , that really was n't my intention at all . 
  you make it sound like the vote for leave was more of a vote against the direction that the uk was taking , not that the eu was taking . 
  from the reasons you listed , i 'm finding it hard to understand what the real issue was . 
  they are all valid criticisms for the eu ( the migrant crisis especially ) but none of them seem like decisive reasons to pull out of the single market . 
  and what on earth does the eu have to do with british manufacturing ? 
  either way , it 's hard to get an accurate impression of what this actually means for people outside the uk . 
  most of what i 've read reported in the news and talked about with britons online has been about immigration , not any of the issues you mentioned . 
  the eu * is * us . 
  we are eu citizens !, 
  was n't the entire point of the leave campaign to stop europeans coming into britain ? 
  if london can be a country , so can amsterdam !, 
  ( well spotted ! ), 
   leave campaign prefers africa and asia no , they do n't . 
  they prefer the `` commonwealth '' . 
  in other words , australians and canadians will replace all the poles and romanians !, 
  i do n't see myself as anti-english . 
  like many other europeans , i 'm worried that the english are anti- * us * . 
  perhaps i 'm being overly pessimistic , then . 
  the roads and broadband are poor in my area , but then again i live in the west of ireland . 
  from how the leave side talked about immigration , yes . 
  from an outsider 's perspective it seems like we 're seen as a burden on britain and nothing more . 
  it 's a mystery . 
  no one knows . 
   hi i am an entrepreneur who moved from berlin to london how did you afford the rent ? 
   would n't it make more sense to figure out if the move is actually going to affect your bottom line first ? 
  that 's what no one knows , and what no one will know for at least another year or two . 
  that 's the entire problem for the british economy right now . 
  i 'm betting on german myself . 
  pimsleur is great if you want to get actually speaking as quickly as possible . 
   why not ireland ? 
  because they 're not selling to ireland , they 're selling to europe . 
   it is english speaking so is the whole of northern europe . 
   has the same structure legal system as the uk true , albeit with awful roads , slow broadband and an even worse housing situation . 
  i 'm really not betting on ireland benefitting from any of this . 
  we have serious problems with competitiveness , which is why we bribe americans with a 2 % tax rate to employ us . 
   imagine having a country nearby that already speaks english you 're right !, 
  amsterdam , germany , denmark , sweden , finland and austria ... how could britain 's businesses forget that basically the whole of nothern europe speaks flawless english ? 
  they 're spoilt for choice !, 
   our 5 villages in ireland fixed !, 
  for now . 
  the leave campaign needs to make absolutely sure that the brexit negotiations do n't result in a loss of market access , or that could change very quickly . 
  their attitudes to immigrants are very similar . 
  foreigners are welcome , as long as they have the decency to go home when their visit is over . 
  you are welcome to visit england . 
  you 're just not allowed to take any job that could have gone to an english person . 
  ireland 's modern infrastructure was build largely on the back of money contributed to the eu budget by countries like britain , france and germany . 
  we are a more stable and prosperous country today thanks to eu funding . 
  regions of the uk like cornwall and wales benefited from eu funding as well . 
  it 's called the european regional development fund . 
  it pays for things like building roads , loans to small and medium sized businesses , college campuses and broadband internet . 
  this contributes to economic growth in the regions that benefit from it , which includes poorer countries in eastern europe that then become more profitable markets to sell to , because the economy has grown and their people have more money to buy your goods with . 
  just look at poland , for example , now europe 's sixth biggest economy . 
  i understand if you feel that you 're paying out more into europe 's budget than you 're getting back in , but the money is n't wasted and you do benefit from it getting spent , albeit indirectly . 
  lol , for a moment there i thought you 'd linked to that very article i was talking about !, 
  finland , of course !, 
  ... no , seriously . 
  i read an article recently that claimed fintech stood for finnish technology . 
   i think the expansion of the eu was a concern to a lot of eu voters who feared a `` united states of europe '' and an even greater influx of migrants from countries with smaller economies . 
  you know , we were one of those poor countries whose people migrated in droves . 
  in the long run , ireland 's economy boomed and the numbers of people leaving dropped . 
  i know that all went belly-up , but the point is that these poor countries are supposed to develop economically as eu members , to the point where the differences between them and the likes of the uk are eliminated in the long term . 
  the real issue is that the eu is n't flexible enough to allow for `` partial membership '' on a case-by-case basis , tailored to the countries involved . 
  become a fully federal state along the lines of the united states or the russian federation . 
  preferably without giving anyone a chance to vote on it . 
  i do n't think many people in europe know that much about turks aside from that they 're muslims . 
  that scares people , so your chances of membership are n't great . 
   if we block the path to accession , then we will lose the power to persuade foreign nations to make such changes in their internal system . 
  turkey is a good example here . 
  not much of a motivation for them to clean up their act when just being muslim disqualifies them automatically . 
  but i 'm willing to make an effort , and i hope other europeans feel the same way about english . 
  ... yes , i know it 's not schweizerdeutsch , forgive me . 
  not surprising , considering you speak a closely related language to them . 
  i 'm trying to learn german and i 'm struggling a little with reproducing some of the sounds . 
  the words look like they 're pronounced like english words , but they are n't . 
  for english speakers , the pronunciation is hard , but the grammar is much easier than the likes of german or russian . 
  most people in english-speaking countries will study either french or spanish as their second language in school , with the exception of australia and new zealand . 
  it 's a romance language . 
  surely it ca n't be any harder than italian or french ? 
  i suspect the uk will just take the economic hit from trading under wto rules and leave the eu , eea and the efta . 
  their top priority is stopping immigration no matter what the cost . 
  just goes to show that dislike of foreigners is n't just a `` little englander '' thing , it comes with human nature . 
   including having a # 35k job lined up before they come to the uk damn , moving to the uk from ireland is going to be a bitch in years to come . 
   shares a foundation culture etc ? 
  ... you know that pakistan and bangladesh have literally thousands of years of non-british history as part of their culture ? 
  sure , they speak english , but there 's much more to who they are than british influences . 
  as tempting as it may be , insulting people whose opinions differ from yours does not make for productive dialogue . 
   wanted to distance from themselves from their natural state of britishness it sure would have been nice if you 'd granted us home rule and actually * let * us be british . 
  and thus ireland totally loses all claim to be european . 
  i am sad now . 
  you do n't get much more british than that !, 
   there 'll be an exception put in place for uk and ireland relations what i 'm afraid of is that the eu wo n't allow any such exception . 
  all this talk of `` no cherrypicking '' is concerning me . 
  part of it is that i suspect that the uk will , in fact , prosper outside the eu , but that with freedom of movement coming to an end , we irish wo n't be able to take part in its newly globalised economy . 
   common travel area ( british isles ) yeah ... about that ... ireland ca n't actually follow the uk out of europe to keep the common travel area . 
  you know , because we use the euro , a currency in which we owe literally thousands of billions in debt .
