ah , i was n't aware of that . 
  thanks for the information . 
  if you joined the eu , you will have to . 
  i 'm all for implacable fighting against any forms of extremism , and islamic fundamentalism is a huge problem that every country in the world should put great focus on . 
  but you 're denouncing over a billion people solely because of their religion , who , to 99 % , are totally peaceful people . 
  millions of people are suffering from hunger , poverty and war due to problems that are to a great extent caused by the politics of the west , innocent people . 
  naturally many of them would give up everything for a better life in europe . 
  and to my knowledge it 's a human right to travel to another country to seek for asylum , and if that 's denied , the person has to leave . 
  muslims or not , these people are not less human than anyone of us , and their only fault is to be born in a different country . 
  glorious bland ... rather plain ... rather normal and standard , rather the car of teachers and accountants ... * yawns * . 
  i 'd say it 's more or less a german one . 
  toyota is weak in europe . 
  modern fiats are pretty good and reliable cars i think . 
  the fiat bravo even received a top grade in german car magazin auto bild 's long-term test . 
  not always . 
  some vw models , such as the cc or the touareg are the same models as their european counterparts bmw models are also mostly the same cars , except that the budget models ( such as the 1 series hatch ) are n't available and they come almost only in high trim levels , including leather seats , and so on . 
  vw is love . 
  vw is life . 
  well , i guess i should stop feeling ashamed for living with parents at 22 , when i 'm still too young even for the `` young people '' group in this graph , haha !, 
  brave new world . 
  not only that , when i 'm driving myself and i drive on a country road with 100 kmh and a car is coming at me . 
  the other driver only needs to drastically turn his steering wheel for a tiny moment and i would be dead . 
  donald trump proposes to completely shut the borders , implying that it 's very much possible for authorities to do so . 
  is that dumb as well ? 
  thank you for the long explanation . 
  but ca n't too much money invested in the stock market , real estate market and other markets be detrimental too ? 
  for example , i have often heard the claim that because so many people invest in real estates , proberties as well as rents have become largely unaffordable for the average person , especially in many inner cities . 
  also , i 've read in an article some time ago that central banks such as the ecb at some point in time will no longer be able to keep the interest rate pressed down as low as it is now , and will be forced to raise it again . 
  is there truth in that ? 
  no , i disagree . 
  fiscal politics is an important element of neoliberal and monetarist positions . 
  friedman pointed out the importance of fiscal policy and central banks . 
  i 'm really no expert in fiscal politics . 
  but i would argue that neoliberal ideology is n't the same as ideologies like libertarianism or anarcho-capitalism , e.g. 
  one with no market intervention at all . 
  there are a lot of sources arguing that the eu 's fiscal policy is a stringent neoliberal one . 
  look them up . 
  one of my economics profs in university basically made a very similar claim , with the eu working towards balanced budgets and a controlled inflation rate . 
  putting money in bonds or index funds is a valid form of long-time investment and for saving up for retirement , but it 's more risky than the traditional putting moeny in your bank account , as far as i know . 
  the estate market is already overfunded , as house prices are as high as never before in many cities , because many savers want to invest in houses for long-time investments . 
  buying new cars is a waste of money if you want to save up for retirement , it 's good for the national economy , but not on the individual level . 
  so what is the effective interest rate if you put money in your bank account as an american citizen ? 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  what helps the whole economy is one aspect , focussing on the entire economic level . 
  but on the personal level , saving up money is a key aspect if you want to aim for early retirement , not having to rely on years of working and useless spending , even if it helps the national economy . 
  this is made harder by the ecb 's policy . 
  but lowering the interest rate is something the ecb has been doing for years now . 
  and i wonder if that is really the will of the people the eu should represent ? 
  is there anything objectively good about anything the ecb ever does ? 
  everyone around me seems to hate the ecb along with the entire western financial and banking system . 
  lowering the interests so that people can no longer save up their money effectively ( which is a rational and beneficial thing to do ) seems like something that most european citizens would be firmly against . 
  what can someone say to someone who insists that the ecb is a neoliberal , anti-citizen institute and is part of the union 's tyranny against the people ? 
  also , what is the benchmark interest in the us , and if it is higher , why does the eu need to go lower ? 
  proposing that the government might recede or make concessions under heavy migrant pressure is one thing , but without any credible reasoning claiming that the authorities are completely powerless to stop refugees is something totally different . 
  self-proclaimed migration expert on european issues from america , i presume ? 
  when the quote is reached , no more people will be let in . 
  so if pepper spray is illegal in denmark , what is a `` weak '' woman in denmark supposed to do when she is cornered by a threatening person ? 
  can i visit even if i 'm not a doctor ? 
  is there a good car culture ? 
  even most people coming from a war zone want to go to germany , austria or sweden . 
  and why did the flow become that massive only in 2015 ? 
  syrian civil war has been going on for 4 years , but the number of asylum seekers increased insanely in 2015 . 
  thank you , i will look further into that for my future investments . 
  still , even though you argue like becoming a millionaire is nothing special , it ca n't be that easy if 95 % of all people do n't manage to do it . 
   do you mean the s&p stock index ? 
  do you mean the s&p stock index ? 
  investing 10,000 dollars for 30 years will make 300,000 dollars in investment in total . 
  that means you need over 300 % return on those invesments to be a milionaire . 
  what investment would that be ? 
  i do n't act like it - the above poster was talking of muslim culture which `` we do n't need more of '' , which is why i remarked he is n't speaking for us all . 
  democratic legitimation is already happening through election of governments and eu representatives , if the population is against taking in refugees they can elect representatives who refuse to accept refugees ( as in poland ) or even exit the union . 
  good thing you do n't have the authority to speak for all of us . 
  the ottoman conquest was n't a bright spot , but the culture of muslim people and millions of muslim europeans - and overwhelming majority of them peaceful people - have taken part in shaping europe and still do so today . 
  germany has a lot of it 's own problems , which are in some areas worse than they are in austria , but keep believing the austrian government is inherently worse than the german one ( or even a puppet apparently ) . 
  there is no mention in the article that these kindergartens classify as `` salafist '' . 
  that 's not a good enough excuse to not help people who come from a frickin ' war . 
  islam is part of european history too , like it or not . 
  what do spanish enclaves have to do with this ? 
  it 's part of an agreement to have turkey limit the influx of refugees , which means ease europe 's burden on people coming in totally . 
   it is time we put an end to these senseless deaths . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/jun/09/the-counted-police-killings-us-vs-other-countries i totally agree !, 
  totally different situations in europe and america . 
  police violence and brutality are a huge problem in america , no matter the problems in germany . 
  she says the hardest shifts are during the night , especially on weekends . 
  i wonder why this is the case , as fanatical muslims do n't drink alcohol or party on the weekends . 
  so why is it the hardest at these times ? 
  it 's assad who is primarily responsible . 
  not the fault of the average syrian guy who lost his home and wants to escape the war . 
  even if that were true , it does n't make the statement racist in any way . 
  the thing that one austrian said was in no way racist in the first place . 
  yes the us military is extremely powerful , but it 's been pointed out again and again ( correctly ) in this thread that this is in no way for altruistic reasons , it 's done deliberately to rigidify the us ' leader position in the global power play , to protect us interests and oil routes and to satisfy the demand of the extremely influental military-industrial complex and the millions of jobs that depend on it in the us . 
  many nato members could spend more on their military , and some do ( baltic states ) now as they feel there is a real threat on their border , but that 's still their decision to make , and if nato feels this is wrong they can of course initiate an exclusion of that particular member state . 
  it 's one thing to say europe should spend more money on military , but it makes no sense to justify it by saying the us military is expensive , because the decision to make it that is completely on your own shoulders . 
  on top of that , i 've even seen comments from some americans who say the only reason europe can afford her extensive welfare policies is because america pays for her military . 
  you can hopefully understand that this is a very offensive claim . 
  i know enough about wwii for that i need to be educated about that - but today are different times and it 's very questionable if the russian military is so far ahead that its smaller budget would make no difference . 
  when looking at the start of world war 2 , there were worlds between the military development , such as in how good the tanks were and what tank doctrines were developed . 
  one big part of the german early success was the great officer training as well as the closed unit tank doctrine , which no other nation had mastered before . 
  today all main battle tanks are very similar to each other , they even have the same main gun size for the most part - about 120 mm - so it 's questionable if the huge differences in military development of world war 2 can ever be reproduced . 
  you assumption that nukes would n't matter in a european-russian war is still just an assumption .
