we 've seemingly done a very poor job at it , tbh, 
  i have chosen a good time to get back to reddit . 
  or perhaps a bad time , i should be studying , not painting this thing every 10 minutes ... 
  fake news about fake news !, 
  what a time to be alive . 
  british nationalism exists , despite britain being a union of multiple very different countries . 
  refugees are concentrated in the younger age group . 
  so its only there where you have a ( very ) large gender imbalance . 
  in older age groups , thanks to sweden 's high life expectancy , there are more females than males , so i guess it evens out . 
  this is what happens when the media completely discredits itself . 
  you get people who completely withdraw from the mainstream media , and naturally their information come from sources who agree with their worldview , just further cementing their opinions . 
  take trump 's talk , taken way out of context a few days ago ( `` trump made up a terrorist attack '' ) . 
  the media make it so damn easy for people to decide to completely withdraw from it , with articles like this that are discredited with any amount of thought and research whatsoever , and once they do , people are less likely to believe the other articles about trump or the alt-right which paint them in a bad light , because they believe they are also likely propaganda . 
  its what happens when right-wing people feel unsafe expressing their views in public - they keep quiet in real life , but rage on the internet , connect with other right-wingers , and again , become more radicalised . 
  greatly helped by social media , of course . 
  it creates a cult , a massive right-wing circlejerking cult , and whats more , by removing the right-wingers , it also radicalises the rest of the politically active , so now both sides become much more radical . 
  edit : downvoting without bothering to debate this implies that you are just downvoting it because you disagree with it , without having a good argument against it . 
  further validating my opinion . 
  this is local crime , and against / r/europe 's rules , no ? 
  its not working now , does n't mean we should give up any ability to do so in the future . 
  as a rule , expect every non-european nation to be untrustworthy to some extent . 
  even the us , a former partner , now does not seem to like the eu as an institution . 
  i agree that toppling regimes is usually a bad idea in * those kind * of countries - a secular dictator is preferable to a farcical democracy controlled by islamists - but the info can be used to pressure those regimes , or blackmail certain figures within them to remove bad people , etc. 
  yeah , i meant that the low dependency ratio is from very few kids , and the biggest age group close to but not yet retiring . 
  iirc , the german age pyramid is like this : <  ( a horrible shape for a pyramid to be ) , and the ` peak ' age is around 50 years old , not yet retired , but that is why the median age is so high . 
  why are americans so stupid if your education is so great ? 
  and we hear a lot about some american state or other trying to sideline how evolution is taught . 
  same with sex ed . 
  i 'm sure a lot of this is the media selling to our natural superiority complex over the us , but surely has some basis in truth . 
  i thought refugees were meant to go back once the war was over ? 
   staying in france sounds better and better . 
  have you heard of front national ? 
  much worse than trump . 
  i doubt le pen will gain power , but i 'd be wary nonetheless . 
  a complete disregard for investment , a temporary demographic profile where there are few dependents ( few children , lots of migrant workers from the eu , but which will reverse and become lots of dependent old people ) , and of course their excellent export base . 
  what is so laughable about what i said then ? 
  that nationalism is a threat to the eu and we must act to divert that sentiment to a more positive form ? 
  or that pan european nationalism is not a good thing ? 
   the reasons nationalism came to be are gone . 
  no one discriminates people in their own countries based on their nationality anymore . 
  i 'm sorry , but what world are you living in ? 
  front national , afd , pvv , fpo , sweden democrats ... your attitude of dismissal ( seemingly shared by the eurocrats ) is what is driving people away from the eu . 
  pan european nationalism is indeed a form of nationalism . 
  a good form , uniting europeans against the forces that wish to tear us apart . 
  we desperately need a pan european identity for the youth to fight for , lest they turn towards basic nationalism . 
  i guess like german nationalism during unification ensured that it did n't fall back into many little squabbling states . 
  nationalism is sadly unstoppable . 
  the forces responsible for its growth are not going away . 
  we need to forge a new , pan european nationalism , to redirect the nationalism to something positive . 
  but at least as important . 
  its certainly not impossible - it just requires the will to invest the money , i.e. 
  the will to endure a short term loss for long term gain . 
   that can not be imported from us anyway ? 
  i would hope that we would try to also remove our dependence on the us for key defence technologies ... 
  says the luxemburger . 
   it is easier to grow a smaller economy . 
  its not , though . 
  its easier to grow city states , and third world countries are growing fast to ` catch up ' and reverse the great divergence . 
   despite all of the talk about the demise of the left , the actual share of everything left-of-center has been remarkably steady that 's because people have wildly differing definitions of the left . 
  some say `` the left '' to mean sjws , others to mean socialists , and others to mean those who want a bigger state , and yet more to mean some combination of these and other factors . 
  yeah . 
  this is hardly a new phenomenon . 
  honestly , i think that the greater threat to democracy is overzealous and non-transparent censorship of ` fake news ' . 
  when news of the cologne attacks were leaking out , i did n't believe it at first - it just seemed too ridiculous , and fit the right-wing narrative too well ( `` protect christian values , our women from these barbarians '' , etc. 
  and remember the police statement that `` all was calm '' on that night ? 
  a modern fact checker for the cologne attacks would have concluded that it was merely fake news too . 
  the type of fake news talked about in this article is so ridiculous , that only a tiny number of nutjobs believe it . 
  more to the point , it is confined to the people who * already * hold such views , such as afd voters , ukippers , etc. 
  much more dangerous are the more professional articles that twist the facts more subtly , and is seen as unbiased and a reliable source of news for the undecided voters ; but the latter is called journalism . 
  there is nothing to understand . 
  they are a bunch of uneducated , confused white men who are afraid of the new multicultural usa ; you know , the people who always vote for fascists . 
   ps : i have nothing to do with alt-right movements or anything closed to it then what were you doing browsing the_donald ? 
  the hub of the alt-reich movement . 
  i do n't know why this sub does n't auto-ban the_donald posters ... 
   `` seen on the_donald '' how to discredit yourself in 4 words . 
  why does n't this sub auto-ban people who post on that alt-reich sub ? 
  but gloria imperivm romana, 
  i like to think of the eu as the novus imperium romanum, 
  why none in rome ? 
  some news that is called fake news is demonstratably false , and that is in a different category to the mainstream media , which distorts the facts , albeit often greatly so . 
  its a much greater grey area when we call news stories fake news when they do in fact cite actual facts ; for example , when breitbart tried to make it seem like a chuch was burnt down in a town in germany - they greatly distorted the facts , but in a way that was honestly comparable to what some mainstream outlets pump out these days . 
  yes , as you say , war is a powerful motivator , and diverts civilian industry to civic and military uses . 
  because it sounds catchier . 
  media love their buzzwords . 
  edit : to add to this : given that there are certain events that have a huge impact on one generation more than others ( e.g. 
  wwii , widespread smartphone usage ) , it makes sense that you 'd sometimes want to classify generations in other ways than each decade . 
  but i do n't think `` generation z '' is often defined in an intelligent way , it is commonly defined simply as `` those who come of age after the millenium '' , or `` those born before the millenium '' . 
   contrary to this poll that depends . 
  while generation z might be roughly as `` liberal '' as the millenials , they do n't appear to be as liberal as the millenials were when the millenials were this age range ; and when you account for the smaller white population in generation z , that discrepency would probably increase . 
  i have done a lot of looking around at this `` generation z '' 's social attitudes , and its really hard to find surveys like this . 
  there was a rather good pew survey regarding the american generation z , but apart from that i 've only seen relatively small and single-issue surveys so it is hard to tell for sure . 
  i have done my part at dethroning the american empire by learning german . 
  i know , i saw your posts on / r/shiteuropeanssay . 
  why all this hatred for europe ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  do i detect an american ? 
  edit : in response to your ninja edit : as i said , it is more complex than that . 
  its not like your southern states are hugely keen on unity with the north . 
  we stopped killing each other many decades ago ( most of us , anyway ) ; in fact , that time coincided with europe 's declining relevance in the world . 
  so its a little more complex than that .
