  i agree that the uk has done its upmost to thrawt europe 's power , and has acted as a puppet of the us for too long . 
  however , its not just about integration , or lack of it . 
  we spend almost nothing on defence , the result being that our defence industry lags behind and we rely more on the us . 
  lots of great innovations in eu countries have been bought out by americans . 
  and its not just `` certain parts of europe '' to blame ; germany itself has been more willing to throw cash at migrants than their own european brothers in greece . 
  that was a great lost opportunity to foster huge goodwill between germany and greece , and lead to a greater feeling of european brotherhood . 
  maps like this are a reminder of our potential . 
  europe can be far , far greater than the us . 
  why are n't we a superpower ? 
  why have we been content to become dependent on the us for tech , defence , and to dictate foreign policy ? 
  this attitude is * extremely * dangerous in that it underestimates the threat fascism poses . 
  it might be nice to think of fascism as an `` inherent failure '' of an ideology , but the truth is that it is very well adapted to the post-industrial world . 
  meh , an incompetent far-right party is less scary than a competent far-right party . 
  just look at how popular the far-right is even with their constant screw-ups . 
  all it would really take for the return of actual fascism is one actually competent leader . 
  bear in mind that this is written from the perspective of a non-muslim . 
  perhaps the non-muslims were given a lot of opportunities to join in - but felt they excluded merely because of the islamic nature of the event ( e.g. 
  halal-only food , hijabs ) . 
  you want to ban immigration from muslim-majority countries . 
  specifically muslim countries . 
  i 'd say that 's fairly alienating towards muslims . 
  how very mature of you . 
  muslims feel alienated from society , so you respond to that by ... trying to alienate them some more !, 
  and then people wonder why some resort to terrorism ? 
  brogressive , like the rest of reddit . 
  but a slightly different flavor ; eu = good , muslims = bad . 
  were n't the conditions for that enabled partially by the wealth from the new world ? 
  and did n't the economies grew extremely rapidly thanks significantly to further colonialism ? 
  genuine questions , i do n't study history . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  what happened to the european values of tolerance and diversity ? 
  lol , i just noticed * all * of greece 's negative entries are germany , and all of its positive entries are greece . 
  what % is european ? 
  wikipedia says it is 96 % , while newworldencyclopedia says it is under 80 % . 
  ( perhaps this is due to using different boundaries ) . 
  really quite depressing to see . 
   dresden has the highes birthrate in germany . 
  does anyone know why this is ? 
  would a ` westernised islam ' even be recognisable as islam ? 
  tbh , i think people are irrationally afraid of cancer , if all the scaremongering articles `` beware : x will give you cancer '' are an indication . 
  mocking people who identify as other genders with your variant of the oh-so-original `` i identify as an apache helicopter '', 
  very original . 
  how cool and edgy it is to be transphobic . 
   ladydude have some fucking respect . 
  she identifies as a female . 
  edit : okay , maybe she does n't identify as female . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  but `` ladydude '' just sounds like making fun of this person . 
   you do n't have drag queens & football trainers to elect the president . 
  why do you have this ? 
  are they also great politicians , or is this some kind of celebrity worship culture ? 
   my black friend in france is fully french , and so are her parents , there 's never really been a problem with them as they all act like the rest of french people i have a black french friend - 3rd generation immigrant , catholic , average income , and very culturally french - and he says that he does n't feel accepted by the white french ( in lyon ) . 
  like the tolerance they displayed was only skin-deep ( no pun intended ) . 
  i think there is a lot of unconscious association of `` frenchness '' also with skin colour . 
  sadly , i do n't think that is true . 
  it seems that people merely hide their hatred of one another during times of prosperity . 
   i think the plan is to slowly die out and replace ourselves with 3rd world migration . 
  that 's the gist of it anyway . 
  implying there is something bad about people who originate from the 3rd world . 
  if you class `` muh brown people bad '' as a religion , then yes , ... 
  that 's what we thought , then brexit happened . 
  yes . 
  as i said , it is a godless place . 
  you made it sound as though the us had directly dissolved the british empire ... you really need to calm down mate , have you got a chip on your shoulder ? 
  its because you imported lots of clever europeans . 
   defeated your empire lol looks like they got the alternative history books out early . 
  i think we 're a close second . 
  except our anti-intellectualism is a more secular kind . 
  i still blame this on your influence , with your american films and other nonsense influencing our youth . 
  or perhaps this is because we stopped deporting our idiots to your lands , and our criminals to australia . 
  whatever , i do n't really know much history . 
  i just know that we won ww2 . 
  depends what it is . 
  i would support a shared european funding for childcare centres , policies to help parents ( especially mothers ) get back into work after having children , and other measures which are known to increase fertility rates . 
  and mussolini was once a socialist . 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  i was . 
  east germany is a godless place . 
  but they have been polling around 20 % for a long time now ... 
  perhaps it was a far-right nut who pretended to be left-wing to discredit the anti-fascist movement ? 
  i read about the story and i was n't convinced the attacker was necessarily actually left-wing . 
  i thought the netherlands were really far-right ? 
  wilders and the pvv ? 
  why are overall surpluses seen as a bad thing ? 
  should n't they only be worried about surpluses between eu member states , and not between germany and non-eu states ? 
  do you mean ''  '' and `` 20 % '' ? 
  i have to admit i have no clue what you are saying . 
  its all double dutch to me . 
  ( \u00efst m\u00eb\u00efn attempt t\u00f6 speek svaamp g\u00ebrmann ), 
  op was comparing the popularity of le pen to macron on the internet . 
  how much of the love for macron is actually from france ? 
  reported for interrupting the circlejerk . 
  afaik , support for ukip amongst uk youth is extremely low , while support for far-right parties amongst other european youth is generally much higher . 
  i wonder if the uk will eventually become more racially diverse than the us . 
  its rather ironic , that brexit has been represented as some racist act , yet in a couple of decades ' time , i do believe the uk will be much more liberal , while continental europe looks like it is turning continually more towards proto-fascism . 
  and with non-eu immigration replacing eu immigration , we might even become more racially diverse than the us . 
  our youth are significantly more liberal than you continentals . 
  brexit has just saved europe from us , and what we will become . 
  all racists are . 
  if toddlers could vote , ukip/front national/afd/wilders would win in a landslide .
