  as a result , socialists came to see fascists as lapdogs of the entrenched , conservative upper-classes , and fascists saw socialists as a threat to the integrity of the nation , and as a symptom of a decaying society they sought to replace . 
  physics at a-level does n't have anything remotely `` advanced '' as matrices . 
  it somehow even ignores calculus !, 
  no real maths at all . 
  it completely killed my love of physics . 
  ... the * best * 2 % ^ actually , ^ i ^ think ^ its ^ between ^ 1 % ^ and ^ 1.5 %, 
  brit here , it is school maths , in the further maths part of most a-levels . 
  his family probably needs the money more than the people who donated it . 
  very surprised at the low rate in india . 
  why is this in / r/europe ? 
   by 2050 , as nigeria 's population outstrips the usa . 
  sorry to derail the conversation here , but i did a double take . 
  nigeria 's population is going to double in the next 35 years ? 
  but over 100.000 in nigeria are at risk of ( edit : dying of ) starvation ... 
  only 446 million native english speakers ? 
  sometimes its easy to forget how small the anglosphere really is . 
  increase in productivity comes from innovation . 
  the youth are by far the most innovative . 
  it says :  in less than a week in late april , he recalls , he took up a reporting platform on the web and a hotline ( 08.00.00.56.96 ) to families or relatives finding that their children are `` out '' and may at any time from fighting in syria or iraq to jihadist groups . 
  an order from the minister of the interior , who had just announced his plan to fight against the jihadist channels has since been translated by a law passed definitively on tuesday by the parliament . 
   late last week , on `` hundreds of calls '' , 625 reports were `` relevant and proven '' were treated . 
  some 55 % of those affected are not `` arab-muslim culture '' , one quarter were minors , 44 % of girls . 
  one hundred people had already left the scene . 
  it is not clear whether these `` calls '' are determined to be false alarms or not . 
   read the link . 
  i can not read french ... and the translation does n't make it sound like that . 
  australia exists because we exiled many of those chavs and scallies . 
  i do n't think convert necessarily means not from muslim-arab backgrounds ; some ( i think many ) are reconverts - i.e. 
  raised muslim , turned their back on islam , then rediscovering it . 
  happily , this kind of industrial-scale population replacement is behind us now . 
  besides , the expulsion of ethnic germans was probably kinder than what would have happened had they stayed ... 
  those filthy northern savages are defacing our language . 
   jamp can we please rebuild hadrian 's wall, 
   with the supposed onset of advanced automation we could probably do with less people . 
  we could do with fewer labourers , but we can always do with more innovators . 
  european nations are some of the most innovative on earth ; fewer europeans means fewer innovations . 
  its a downwards spiral . 
  fewer youth -  more burden on the youth -  harder for the youth to become economically stable enough to start a family -  fewer youth . 
   it took the standard outlets a day to catch up it took 5 or so days for english mainstream media to start reporting it - and before they did start reporting it , such an event sounded so ridiculous that i did n't believe it at first . 
  i do wonder if people would have initially branded the cologne attacks as `` fake news '' ; but realistically , if the government censors true news just because it supports the far-right , it will backfire on them * heavily * . 
  so i do n't think this is a cover for government censorship . 
  yeah , you are right . 
  we are honestly fortunate that the western powers began to panic about communism , so they did n't continue to disassemble germany . 
  true ; but i imagine that austria would replace germany as the german nation . 
  perhaps a more peaceful solution would be to give austria more land , and expel most ethnic germans to austria . 
  the soviets ( and puppet governments ) expulsed millions of ethnic germans from east and south of germany 's current borders . 
  around 30 million ethnic germans either fled or were expulsed between 1944 and 1948 . 
  this is how , for example , konigsberg became kalingrad . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 ) you are german ; i do n't mean to be rude , but are n't you taught this at school ? 
  as you should know , they did this ( in smaller scale ) after wwii . 
  it is certainly possible . 
  not if they moved the ethnic germans out of the polish and czewch regions . 
  the others would probably have treated the germans relatively well . 
   cant tell if its revenge or irony someone correct me please if i 'm wrong , but i 'm not sure you can call it revenge ; at the time he was writing it ( at the latest , 1941 ) , the holocaust was not widely known/believed . 
  it is certainly a most ironic piece of work , considering he coined the phrase `` final solution '' . 
   ussr killed maybe 10 million innocent people max , nazis killed like 50 million ( both civilian and military casualties included ) . 
  including military and civilian casualties of war for the nazis , while not doing so for the ussr ? 
  at least you are open about manipulating the figures . 
  in some cities ( or at least dresden ) , it got so hot in some places that many children literally melted ... 
  i think he is talking about the number of states he 'd have won , rather than the popular vote ? 
  iirc , not even white males ( eugh ) would have given him 80 % . 
   kaliningrad what is this never heard of it . 
  sounds a bit like k\u00f6nigsberg though . 
  here in the uk , following the us is what we do . 
  blm is a big thing in the us , it was only a matter of time before some brits ( all white at heathrow , btw ) decided to do some virtue-signalling themselves . 
  you are like my history teacher , you trick me into learning history through music videos . 
   actually terrorists tend to be smarter and more credentialed than their peers . 
  i have heard this in some places ; i do n't know if it is true or not ( edit : turns out it is true ) , but they are certainly much more likely to have degrees in engineering , even more so than islamic studies . 
  a common tactic , even today . 
  riders in legislation . 
  me too . 
  i mean , when i remember you exist . 
  you forget the * cultural * desire to have many children , and this culture does n't die immediately when they set foot in a western country . 
  the societal prestige remains , especially when there is a large community of immigrants of similar backgrounds , because this community provides a new source of their home 's societal norms . 
  you also forget that economics do n't drive everyone 's ' life decisions , and that no western government is going to let children starve , no matter if their parents had 2 or 20 of them . 
  but this is beside the point i was making ; we should n't argue that muslims wo n't become a sizeable population - because they most certainly will - but we should tackle this idea that a large population of muslims is somehow a bad thing . 
   i walk everyday on a promenade where 85 people got run over just 5 months ago . 
  i have n't thought about the attack in 2-3 weeks at least . 
   people move on . 
  except you 've thought about it again now ; each further terrorist attack reminds people . 
  people move on , until it becomes relevant again . 
  actually , the numbers will rise a lot when their families come over , and after multiple generations ( since the migrants mostly come from one generation , the population will double when they become parents/grandparents ) . 
  but even when germany became 20 % muslim , i do n't see a problem . 
  many countries do fine with such a large muslim minority . 
   moderate muslims were targeted ? 
  indirectly . 
  by radical muslims attack ordinary germans , it increases the spotlight on the moderate muslims , who are then targeted by angry germans . 
  so the muslim community ends up being the victim . 
  even if they do n't die , many peoples ' lives are destroyed by crippling injuries . 
  lets hope everyone recovers fully ... 
  wow , the us is much smaller than i thought it was . 
   it 's not about what they promote , it 's about how they are obtaining their targets : by violent reactions to giournalist , with authoritharian unquestionable leaders , with disinformative media , expelling everyone who disagrees with party 's decisions so stalin was also far-right ? 
   never believe a single thing they say . 
  ever . 
  it 'll always change if they ever get into power . 
  the most famous populist , hitler , did do - or tried to do - pretty much what he promised in `` mein kampf '' , did he not ? 
  then why are they promoting degrowth , environmentalism , and direct democracy ? 
  it sounds like an umbrella anti-establishment party , not specifically far-right . 
  a coalition of nationalists and vegans . 
  is n't 5 star left-wing too ?
