  you make a good point . 
  my only option at this stage is to downvote . 
  / s but my second argument stands . 
  not buying their oil means they have less money to spend on buying weapons . 
  which means less war crimes . 
  not selling them weapons means they will buy them elsewhere . 
  which means russia is very happy , and they still get to commit war crimes . 
   i do n't think it is morally okay nor should it be legal to help these people use force to sell oil to us . 
  problem is , if we do n't provide the weapons , someone else will . 
  at least this way , we can exert some level of influence over saudi arabia . 
  what good would it be to let someone else ( such as russia ) build up their arms industry selling to saudi ? 
  just so we can pretend we do n't have blood on our hands ? 
  its the buying of their oil that we should stop . 
  i like that map projection . 
  seems like they just extended the lines so that the divisions in each case cover the entire map , * then * merged them . 
  a rather lazy way of avoiding the problem that arises when merging them without doing so : that lighter colours are meant to mean `` more western '' , but ( for example ) the bits east of the eastern roman empire would be whiter than the bits in the empire , which is silly . 
  true , but probably much fewer after the greek-ottoman population exchange , and the previous population actions in anatolia by the ottoman state . 
  not necessarily ; this is a timeline . 
  it shows things as they were throughout various points in time . 
  anatolia was once greek , was once part of ere , was once christian , was once ottoman , and was ( and happens to remain , sort of ) in the western bloc, 
  it certainly * was * christian , when anatolia was part of the eastern roman empire ... this map is n't showing the modern world , but how the world was throughout time . 
  well , protestant christians in western europe are much more liberal than i gather they are in the us ; and iirc , surveys show that our muslim population is more conservative than yours . 
  i do n't really know enough to say much more than this , but from experience i 'd be extremely surprised if what you are saying were as true in europe as in the us . 
   i know that over here ... just for clarity , where is `` here '' ? 
  you do n't have a flair . 
   trump did choose mike pence of all people as his vp probably to dissuade people from assassinating him ... 
  dark blue blob gets rid of your pensioners for you / s but seriously , i have n't seen even a dusting of snow for years . 
  i mean , just look at that green arm ( from the gulf stream ? ), 
  attacking our poor island . 
  i ca n't help but envy you . 
  you do know what radioactive decay is , right ? 
  i doubt it - england 's population growth vastly outstripped almost everyone else 's during the industrial revolution , so i expect we have far fewer skeletons per capita than comparable countries like france , since they would have had larger populations thus more skeletons building up before the revolution . 
  actually , perhaps we are still in contention for the most skeletons per square metre , but even then , i 'd bet japan beats us . 
  now this makes me wonder - which ( edit : major ) country has the most human skeletons per capita/per square metre ? 
  why ca n't black/muslim french people carry on the french culture/identity/traditions as well as white french ? 
   integration has been failing for large numbers source  multiculturalism has also failed . 
  source  multi racial and multi ethnic societies are essentially ticking timebombs source  once you go far enough , you simply can not undo the movements of tens of millions of people if you decide later on that hmm maybe that was n't a good idea . 
  its worked for the us - which has maintained its position as world superpower , apparently dispite gradually losing its white majority . 
   i 'm not sure what you mean about the us doing great . 
  do you live here ? 
  no , but objectively , it is doing better than europe - gdp per capita is much higher . 
  the us was polarised because of racial segregation ... 
  europe has better welfare than the us , so inequality wo n't be so much of an issue . 
   13 % of the population commits half the murders . 
  source ? 
   yes but that 's not taking into account new immigrants . 
  while the birthrates of immigrants decline , a new wave of immigrants will have arrived that has birth relates closer to their native country . 
  by the time their birthrates lower , a new wave will have come . 
  etc , etc. 
   all this while sub saharan africa is exploding and native europeans populations are flat or falling . 
   if you look at this over the long term , i 'm not sure how you can come to the conclusion that it is n't worrying . 
  you are correct , except i fail to see what is `` worrying '' about a non-white majority ? 
  the us is managing quite well at the moment , having transitioned similarly from a 90 % + white majority to a minority of white births . 
  and that is with an even more rapid change than europe will probably experience . 
  funny thing is , i came across a graph that showed the opposite of this was true in the early 1900s . 
   when the baby boomers die off things are going to get very interesting . 
  why ? 
  we 'll go the way of the us , i imagine . 
  i doubt we 'll end up with a trump as the last gasp of the white majority , either , since any populists like him would be appealing to the grown-up versions of today 's millenials . 
   what i do n't understand is why the article singles out women , it 's not like men are that eager to become fathers either . 
  this . 
  we should be looking also at `` desired fertility '' , which shows that men in the west want significantly fewer children than women . 
  blaming the women only makes no sense . 
  do you really expect refugees , who have now spent in some cases many years in europe , to now say `` oh , the war is over , we 'll pack up and leave '' ? 
  that 's really unfair - a lot of them will have nothing back in syria ( or wherever else they came from ) , because things get destroyed in war-zones . 
  / r/europe is closer to / r/the _ donald than it likes to admit . 
   some kind of united ` african culture ' . 
  oh god , these types are the wurst . 
  africa is one of the most diverse continents - certainly more diverse than pre-1990s europe - i really ca n't imagine how people think there is a united ` african culture ' . 
  for those who do n't know , bauman was one of poland 's foremost sociologists . 
  i recommend reading his `` modernity and the holocaust '' , one of his best and most influential works , and quite relevant to today 's political landscape . 
   americans are people who live in the usa , and happen to live in a state . 
  europeans are people who live in an european country that happens to be part of the eu . 
  okay - that does n't mean pan-european nationalism ca n't exist , especially amongst the younger generation , who wo n't remember a world before the eu . 
  well , our empire lives on , in part , as the anglosphere . 
  but i was really saying this more as a european , than a brit . 
  `` there were natives ? 
  whoops . '', 
  - british empire, 
  europeans certainly have a long history of settling in other lands , but usually they were n't more successful before europeans arrived . 
  it was like the reverse of modern migration patterns : successful nations colonised other nations , although the colonists themselves were usually poorer people . 
  nor the germans and the huns ( despite brits referring to the germans as `` the huns '' during wars ) . 
   to be fair ... americans , and to a lesser extent canadians , buying you a new economy is the reason why you have recovered ... 1 ) i 'm not german . 
  2 ) germany recieved less money than france and the uk , and was given it in terms of loans , not grants i 'm not going to bother with the rest . 
  i 'd rather have the european version with `` that nationalist crap ''  yurop stonk !, 
  special relationship ftw !, 
   is that a german trying to downtalk a brit ? 
  come back when you 've won a world war or dominated the seas for an entire century !, 
  is that a brit trying to downtalk a german ? 
  come back when you 've still got the strongest economy despite losing two world wars when it took both world superpowers to defeat you . 
  the welsh are pretty well integrated into britain , they certainly share a heck of a lot of culture with the english , and their influence is small only because of their small population relative to england 's . 
  russia 's population is mostly european ; the fact that it owns vast stretches of sparsely populated land in asia is largely irrelevant . 
  lets get this to / r/all and remind the ` muricans who 's boss . 
  * unzips *, 
  chinese dynasties rose and fell , just like anywhere else . 
  china was n't always one unified country . 
  only the chinese * culture * lived on . 
  if that is enough to say that china never fell , then we can say the same about rome , many aspects of whom live on in modern european nations . 
  i imagine all the bad pilots were killed during germany 's invasion ... 
  eli5 - why do greeks care who calls themselves macedonians or not ?
