  that has nothing to do with gdp * per capita * . 
   serbia , a country with a gdp/c below iraq holy shit . 
  it always really saddens me when i hear about european countries which are even poorer than african or middle eastern countries . 
  that is not right . 
  source ? 
  i 've always thought it makes sense to wash your hands * before * touching your dick . 
   the front page has been swamped with brexit this and brexit that meh , still better than endless stereotype maps . 
  yes . 
  if he has swedish citizenship , he is a swede . 
   what is a `` natural '' ideology ? 
  a natural ideology is one which is n't spread through hatred and propaganda . 
  it was a simple example of economy of scale for research . 
  / r/europe is n't the place to have discussions about controversial issues . 
  as far as i can tell , it is the place to have light chat about european culture . 
  why is race relevant ? 
  but i did n't even provide a political opinion ... 
  the uk bends over backwards for chinese investment . 
  our government seemingly has wet dreams about being bought out by chinese corporations . 
  but as for becoming the holy land of ` banksters ' and corporations , thats blatantly untrue , just look at brexit . 
  brexit is terrible for most corporations . 
  now move along , citizen . 
   the chatroom 's admins have instructed users to make fake facebook accounts that are `` ideally young , cute girl , ... , basically anyone who is n't supposed to be pro- [ fn ] . '' but young people * are * the most likely to support fn ... and i do n't think the gender ratio of voters is that far from 50:50 these days ? 
  edit : why all the downvotes ? 
   we both know who he 's talking about who are you talking about ? 
  germans do n't seem guilt ridden . 
  on the contrary , many seem very proud that they are n't proud . 
  i did not know it was far-right . 
  i 'm not swedish . 
  i was using the article to show that they were n't muslims , ideally i would n't have to discuss it at all . 
  i did not know it was the sd newspaper . 
  but if even the sd are saying that they were christians , then it is probably true . 
  so now will we discuss the problem of christianity ? 
  the christianisation of europe ? 
  how christians are causing a wave of rape and crime ? 
   if fillon is elected and fucks up , the informal rule of `` alternance '' would mean the left would get the next round . 
  what if it just turns fillon 's supporters to the far-right instead ? 
  come on , this really would n't be international news if it were n't brown guys doing it . 
  it is just another excuse for people to flock here to criticise immigration , and you 'll probably get a ton of people talking about ` islamisation ' ( despite that the perpetrators were middle-eastern ** christians ** ) , etc. 
  i 'm surprised the mods are allowing it this time , it is not the sort of thing we should have in / r/europe . 
  the purpose of this sub is n't to provide news . 
  there are news-dedicated subs for that . 
  the mods are well within their rights to remove race-baiting articles like this . 
  do you want / r/europe to turn into a racist circlejerk ? 
  i do n't . 
  its nice to see that some parts of eastern germany are growing . 
  but i can see depopulation becoming a major issue for southern/eastern/central europe . 
  the irony is , that a lot of the populism in the uk is driven * by * learning about history . 
  a lot of the brits look at the eu , and see german dominance , and think `` 4th reich !, 
  '' , `` we won the war , it should be * us * telling * them * what to do !, 
  '' , etc. 
   many ancient monuments got looted because the people did n't care or , worse , they saw them as '' pagan buildings '' . 
  like islamic state are tearing down roman structures in palmyra . 
  makes me very sad . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  i 'm saying that , if 50 % of the population is under 18 , then we know that the share of the population between ages 20 and 64 must be less than 57.5 % . 
  a lot of them have 50 % of the population under 18 . 
  so i imagine that it would be very light beige . 
  a fallacious argument . 
  low trust in the government is also , not surprisingly , a symptom of being a shit government . 
  if you are at the bottom , something is wrong . 
  our politicians, 
   and great `` fu '' moment to present alt-right wave . 
  alt-right is an american term - i 'm not sure how applicable it is in europe . 
  neo-fascist is probably a more accurate term . 
  and in retrospect , he would have been right to . 
   it does n't even make sense to use the nazi comparison when the french were not even fucking axis powers . 
  a lot of brits ( the type not to use reddit , thankfully ) like to compare the eu to a 4th reich , and compare france to vichy france , as a puppet state of germany . 
  this is also what i think . 
  a nationalist tide in europe is inevitably going to win over eventually ; we 're starting to see it happening now , but i suspect there will very likely be more to come , because the causes of nationalist sentiment now are trending upwards in the long term ( long term being decades ) . 
  we need to work hard to make it a pan-european nationalism , otherwise we risk losing the eu , and abandoning the idea of a united europe for many generations afterwards . 
   if you truly believe that , you 're either [ ] or not all that democratic . 
  i do n't see what someone 's `` democratic '' - ness has to do with calling their opponents incompetent . 
  i agree with your other points , but this i find confusing . 
  i 'm a brit ( at the moment , at least ) , and all i know about imperial measurements is that 12 inches = 1 foot . 
   we do n't need too much fancy tech for defense . 
  it 's even better if it 's cheap , expendable and reliable , so we do n't need to be afraid to use it and can use it even in suboptimal circumstances . 
  yes , we do . 
  as technology improves , there become increasingly many ways to utilise that technology for military purposes , and we need to stay ahead of the game . 
  one obvious example is drone warfare , where swarms of autonomous drones will ( eventually ) become both cheaper and more effective than a manned fighter aircraft , not to mention putting fewer of our airmen/airwomens ' lives at risk . 
  what about both ? 
  it needs both unity , and a larger budget , especially a lot more r&d . it will take a big investment to wean ourselves off of reliance on the us ; not just us manpower , but us technology . 
   it was decidedly not to everyone 's benefit . 
  no , but its not like it was a paradise before europeans got there . 
  take the aztecs for example . 
  while history glosses over some europeans ' dirty histories , it glosses even more over non-europeans ' dirty histories . 
  well actually , in the uk , i think our own dirty history is the most glossed over . 
  churchill 's extreme racism , the benghal famine , and concentration camps being some examples . 
  we even wash our hands of the genocide of the native americans and aboriginals , instead blaming the americans and australians for those . 
   `` if i had not smuggled these drugs over the border , someone else would 've '' making drugs illegal just handed over a huge source of revenue to organised criminals . 
  but its not like making the drugs illegal stopped people from using them . 
  the end result was very bad for society . 
  that 's why i 'm in favour of legalising soft drugs . 
  it would destroy a huge source of revenue for organised criminal organisations , and instead it would become a source of revenue for the state . 
  i think he/she meant each , rather than in total ... 
  i 'm not trying to defend neo-nazis , but while i can see them attacking leftists etc. , i do n't think they see the ordinary german as their enemy . 
  it does n't fit into their view of the situation as a conspiracy forced upon a brainwashed german population . 
  it seems like huge overkill too . 
  neo-nazis target minorities , not the general population . 
  if they had used all those explosives , they 'd probably have injured or killed ordinary germans , and scored an own goal . 
  what idiots .
