  not every populist movement is right-wing . 
  i do n't see any media bias here , except to point out that officials from a supposedly anti-corruption party are under investigation for corruption . 
  wow , i 'm surprised that germany is contributing the 2nd most per capita , i 'd have thought the eu would have invested a lot in eastern german infrastructure , and german universities and research . 
  the has nothing to do with whether or not the us and the ussr got away with their crimes . 
  you are only trying to explain why nobody served justice for them , and that is because they were superpowers and could do what they wanted . 
   we did n't do it to squish out the german & japanese people from existence , instead we did it to end a war we did n't start by destroying the industrial & political centres of our enemies . 
  that is debatable in the case of dresden , and a few other acts , although i agree nuclear weapons undoubtedly saved millions of lives . 
   you can see the difference by comparing how americans treated germany during & after he occupation to how germany planned to treat eastern europe if it won the war . 
  also japan in nanking for a taste . 
  lol germany and japan 's crimes do n't justify your own . 
  how about how the soviets treated germans and eastern europeans after wwii ? 
  they conducted their own ethnic cleansing with the blessings of the uk and us , forcibly moving millions of ethnic germans and poles from their ancestral lands , resulting in the deaths of hundreds of thousands to millions . 
  lol, 
  or if you occupy a strategic geographic location near to an unstable region which produces a liquid to which major economies are addicted . 
  its easy to see why the nazis thought they could get away with the holocaust , when they might have assumed that history would forget it amongst all the other atrocities . 
  funny how history turns out , since the opposite happened . 
   average people do n't really know what 's good for them . 
  but the collective knows best . 
  its called democracy . 
  just surprised that the article ( by a greek publication ) calls it istanbul . 
  but `` alt-right '' has become such a fancy term for the anglophonic media ... 
  do n't the greeks still call it constantinople ? 
  edit : i 'm just surprised that a greek article calls it istanbul ... 
  yes , i do . 
  i am paranoid . 
  i 've actually bought a copy of the qu ` ran for that very reason !, 
  ( i 'm paranoid ) . 
  however , afaik , terrorists in the west do n't generally give their victims a chance to prove that they are muslims - although i guess , since they target events like nightclubs , gay clubs , etc. , they probably assume their victims are n't true muslims . 
  germany does spend a lot on refugees , but that does n't take away from the fact that # 75 billion is a * huge * sum of money . 
  better for deciding how much time you can spend on reddit while still earning enough dosh to feed yourself, 
  do n't something like 10 people live in the ` highlands and hebrides ' region ? 
  the geographical representation is probably misleading , since it does n't take into account actual population , but only land area . 
  yes , productivity is probably a better measure , which puts france significantly ahead of us . 
   if majority do [ integrate ] then germany will prosper from it  if, 
   at least for the fraction of a cost of the 400 billion euro ( thats 400.000 million euro or 400.000.000.000 $ ) that the refugees might cost the german state . 
  with a fraction of that money you can set up a lot of refugee centers or border security . 
  with that money , you could have payed off a lot of greece 's debts . 
  its sad how germany has no qualms about the colossal costs of the migrants , but is so tight when it comes to its fellow european nations . 
  germans need to sort out their guilt complex ( which ironically hurts the greeks and jews , who i daresay suffered more than arabs during wwii ) . 
  and have more babies , if this refugee crisis is the solution to their empty cots . 
  i looked up the definition online :  an authoritarian and nationalistic right-wing system of government and social organization . 
  which does n't sound at all like blm . 
  ( they hate authority , and i have seen no evidence that they are nationalistic or right-wing ) . 
  i 'd say its a racist and communist/anarchist movement . 
  fascism :  an authoritarian and nationalistic right-wing system of government and social organization . 
  lets not throw around words like fascist , they are n't exactly nationalists . 
  buddhism , of course . 
  i do n't think so  germany 's lower house of parliament passed new citizenship laws yesterday ( 3 july ) , relaxing some of the strictest rules in europe to allow young germans of foreign origin to hold two passports -- a move that benefits the large turkish community . 
   until now , children of immigrants from most non-eu countries have had to choose at the age of 23 between german citizenship or that of their parents ' country of origin . 
   the dual passport prohibition has long rankled among the roughly three million people of turkish origin living in germany , ** just under half of whom have taken german citizenship . 
  ** http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/germany-moves-to-allow-dual-citizenship/ so it seems like a lot of young turks in germany chose turkish citizenship over german citizenship - but recently were allowed to hold dual citizenship . 
  as long as the ~ ~ spice ~ ~ coastal trade flows , britain does n't care who occupies what on the european continent . 
  i did some googling , and apparently erdogan received a bigger vote share ( 60 % ) in germany ( from dual nationals ) than in turkey itself . 
  you mention parallels to 1930s germany , yet most of the german turks voting for erdogan must surely have gone through the same history classes as you , and still find him appealing . 
  why are german turks so supportive of erdogan , when other germans hate him so ? 
  are n't gypsies/roma universally the least liked migrant group in europe ? 
  as a german , could you maybe explain why support for turkey joining the eu is significantly lower in germany than in britain and even france , even though germany has such a large turkish population ? 
  its pretty nice of them to stop you being robbed , beaten and/or killed , is n't it ? 
  maybe ; probably best to look at election data vs. yougov polls ( i ca n't easily do it atm ), 
  another irony is that one argument for brexit was the businesses shutting down due to competition , e.g. 
  tata steel . 
  the uk blocked plans for higher eu tariffs on chinese steel . 
   pan kurganism looked it up , get very very few results , which hint that it is a sort of pan-indo-european movement . 
  is that right ? 
  wow , did n't realise the germans were beginning to feel that pessimistic about immigration . 
  its amazing to think that it was only last year that there were crowds of people ( very happily ) greeting the migrants , and voluntarily shuttling them to germany with their own cars . 
  edit : just remembered that i 've never seen a yougov poll that was n't significantly more ` far-right ' than most other polls . 
  so i 'd take the findings with a large pinch of salt . 
  why , thank you -- ( btw , your flair looks a bit like the polish flag ; i was momentarily astounded that a pole would berate someone for being politically incorrect , but of course it would be a german ), 
  although the brexit might decrease it ... `` whoa , protest votes actually make stuff happen ... do i really want to vote for this radical party then ? '', 
  honestly sounds like it might be a derogatory term for gypsies . 
  its pigs because it is easy to pronounce , like brics -- but as for uk xenophobia , why do you think we made this island our home ? 
   -- edit : look , these are the permutations we can have : pigs , spig , gspi , igsp , ipgs , sipg , gsip , pgsi , gips , sgip , psgi , ipsg , sigp , psig , gpsi , igps of those , pigs , spig , gips , sgip , psig are the quickest to pronounce . 
  the last two are potentially confusing , gips sounds like a derogatory term for gypsies , and spig sounds a little strange ; so its not a surprise that pigs is used . 
  merkel still has above 50 % approval ratings , iirc . 
  why are germans so against it ? 
  ah , that 's not true . 
  there are plenty of people in the uk who hate the germans , because german = nazi , and brits would certainly not want to have laws made in berlin . 
  the french have a good thing going on , with near-german productivity , but i think they are too different economically to be in a union with us . 
  plus they smell . 
  s/he 's talking about the prosperous and more economically harmonious northern europe , which just happens to be germanic , rather than wanting an ethnically homogeneous eu , afaik . 
  pigs refers to portugal , italy , greece and spain , s/he 's not calling non-germanics pigs . 
  edit : ireland -  italy, 
  not when it is frozen !, 
  you know , i 'd be quite happy if pan-germanism included england ... at least it would get us back into the eu, 
  and for this reason it has abandoned the jewish populations in many european countries - e.g. 
  in the uk , where labour is increasingly anti-semitic , and holds gender segregated conferences, 
  is that sarcasm ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  germany is very scared of the far-right , for obvious reasons . 
  but in fairness , you can openly deny any other genocide ( and in fact , the armenian genocide was only officially recognised this year ) . 
  just so you know , germans , and europeans in general , have a very different idea of political freedoms to americans . 
  i for one was genuinely shocked to discover that in the us , not only could you deny the holocaust , you can actually wear swastikas in public . 
    with concerned `` citizens rushing '' to the air base to join the blockade . '', 
   ftfy erm ...   with `` concerned citizens '' rushing to the air base to join the blockade . '', 
   ftfy ftfy, 
  of course you can have your own opinion on the holocaust ( they ca n't read minds ) , you only get jail time for spreading the wrong opinion . 
  germany even allows its citizens to criticise this policy , so long as they do n't criticise the official view of the holocaust . 
  one of the far-right afd members got into a lot of controversy after suggesting that it should n't be illegal to deny the holocaust , and she was n't arrested . 
  * unzips * ...
