   i mean granted there are some who hate anyone who is n't english , scottish or welsh but those people are a minority . 
  wait i thought we still hated the welsh ? 
   a populist like wilders or le pen would whip up the public to think that accepting montenegro with its population of 620k people to the eu is some kind of an existential threat . 
  wilders is anti-eumogrants too ? 
  the alternative is jobbik lol ... better a corrupt politician pretending to be nationalist , than actual hard nationalists . 
  as long as one of them is saudi arabia , might be worth it . 
  * waves yuuuge portuguese flag *, 
  more intolerant towards europeans , more tolerant towards non-europeans . 
  we 've got everything backwards on this island !, 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  are we getting brigaded by right-wing subs ? 
  or do people just downvote moderators on sight ? 
  watch out for the downvotes !, 
  pan-european nationalism as in a federalist movement which takes nationalist positions with the eu being the ` country ' . 
  a right-wing federalism movement . 
  imagine if there were another recession ... perhaps combined with a migrant crisis . 
  this is why i think we need to completely revise the image of the eu in the peoples ' minds . 
  people will become more nationalist , that is unavoidable . 
  why ca n't we have a pan-european nationalism ? 
  yeah , like 52 % of brits voted for brexit , while only 10-15 % for ukip . 
  there have been polls on here that show the uk was not the most eurosceptical country . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  harsh but its the truth . 
   25 % is fairly standard for a far-right party in europe . 
  which is fucked up . 
  when a right-winger uses it , they use it to advance a certain kind of agenda that is broadly in-line with what the nazis aimed for - hatred of outsiders etc. 
  they are trying to get the german people to unite against some made-up threat . 
  when a left-winger uses it , they are not trying to rile up the german people against some other group . 
   the largest humanitarian crisis since wwii and you think we should have been tougher against families fleeing death and war ? 
  is that not an inhuman response ? 
  to save the eu , yes . 
  the whole eu project is at risk , its called being pragmatic . 
  a `` human response '' would risk breaking up the eu and leaving us with a future of a divided europe in terminal decline . 
  the term `` fake news '' did n't originate from the nazis . 
  when left-wingers use it , its obviously not trying to be a nazi . 
  but when the right-wing uses it , that 's dangerous . 
  if the us military does indeed `` fuck off '' europeans would be forced to fork out even more on military ... or did your `` fuck off '' not extend to the american military ? 
  i hear germany has a bit of cash ... spent around 2/3rd the equivalent of its entire military budget on refugees , and still had some billion in surplus . 
  perhaps we should encourage the germans to build up their military ? 
  ah , that makes it okay then . 
  maybe i will call black people the n-word to mock white supremacists . 
  yes s/he 's probably mistaken , but does that really warrant -18 downvotes ... ? 
   l\u00fcgenpresse is n't that a neo-nazi/actual nazi phrase ? 
  the main purpose of the militray is to avert risk . 
  you invest in a military in case you ever need to use it . 
  also , the mere existence of a military is enough to project power . 
  do you think we build nuclear weapons because we want to use them ? 
  the world has been much more peaceful since nukes , largely * because * of nukes , despite nukes never being deployed in anger since wwii . 
  less investment now means greater reliance on unreliable and temporary allies , and the increasing technological edge of the us over the eu . 
  more investment could keep military scientists and their technological advances in the eu ( depriving potential enemies of them ) , and these could have economic and scientific ( e.g. 
  space-exploration ) applications . 
  not to mention the boost to related industries and research institutes . 
  not good . 
  these people need help . 
  the clue is in the word `` refugees '' . 
  they need help , and we are turning our backs on them . 
  we do n't have to cut military spending . 
  we could spend the same amount or more , it would just be much more efficient . 
  this . 
  okay . 
  heh , we 're doing pretty terrible . 
  pretty much the worst germanic one . 
  i blame the scots and the sheep-shaggers . 
  you go on / r/europe to read about big news ? 
  you must be new . 
  i do wonder if atheists will eventually become more islamophobic than christians . 
   this is such an important thing for this people that they decided to act , you could respect at least that . 
  religion is such an important thing for some people that they even decide to sacrifice their lives for it . 
  does n't mean i should respect jihadists . 
  i think i will use the phrase polish death camps just to annoy these people . 
   the only people who really show any disdain for germany are unsurprisingly brexit voters , especially the loud ones . 
  not sure that 's true . 
  ( being a student at a left-wing university ) , i know a lot of remain voters who used to think germany is turning greece into a `` debt colony '' , and say similar things to brexiters about germany . 
  they only warmed up to germany and merkel since the refugee events . 
  its probable that refugees increased sexual assaults and crimes ( its very unlikely that the hundreds of migrants would just do a one-off attack in cologne ) . 
  however , assaults make up only a very small proportion of all crimes , which is what this article is talking about . 
   dclauzel relatively new to the subreddit . 
  what happened with him/her/it ? 
  oh , well the birth rate was much , much , much higher before wwi , there is no competition at all . 
  it was something like 40 children per 1000 population , but now germany has around 8 children per thousand . 
  but i 'd argue anyway that the crude numbers are at least as important for understanding the power of each country . 
  i wonder how many european countries ' births peaked before ( or immediately after ) wwi . 
  germany 's births peaked at nearly 2 million shortly before wwi , went to a little below 1 million after wwi , then peaked again around 1.6 million in 1920 , declined to 900,000 in 1933 , and peaked at over 1.4 million in 1939 , and now they are around 700,000 . 
  and then its a choice between nationalists and the far-right , both of whom are pro-russia , both eurosceptic , both with some misconduct scandal or another ... 
  suddenly the choice between corbyn and theresa may does n't look so bad now . 
  what if fillon narrowly beats macron in the 1st round , might this scandal enable le pen to win ? 
  its right-wing subs that bring hate speech though . 
   we also have a lot more unemployed to tap from going forward . 
  and we have many refugees many of whom will have valuable skills , while trump is deporting everyone . 
  ` shitposting ' turns away the right-wingers and keeps the more normal crowd here . 
  because that would be flooded with migrant news and brigaded by right-wing subs . 
  i do n't know much about french politics , can you tell me what about macron makes you think he will lead the necessary radical reform of the eu ? 
  i 'm guessing because she is german , and germans are nazis . 
  listing objective facts can also be agenda pushing . 
  for example , if someone only posted the number of migrant rapes , they are quite obviously pushing a far-right agenda . 
  similarly , if they only posted articles about jihadist threats to european countries . 
  yes , and this should be stressed . 
  since politics in general are turning rightwards in most of europe , i fear the future of the eu relies on it shedding its association with the centre-left . 
  yes , i realise that we are partly responsible for serbia 's poverty , i 'm simply saying that it makes me sad that a european nation is held back behind places like iraq . 
  perhaps , but serbia has many advantages over iraq , including proximity to the large european markets , and not fighting islamists .
