  just type fast . 
  but the news never really broadcasts speeches from foreigners live anyway . 
   i do n't get why people make such a big deal of it . 
  people literally die from that switch . 
  it disrupts everyone 's sleep , making accidents a little more likely . 
  there 's a spike in car accidents the day after each switch . 
  depends on where you live . 
  up here , the sun wo n't be up when you leave home in the morning anyway , so that hour of light is useless . 
  initially to piss off everyone else . 
  now they do n't want to be known as the country that suddenly changes their mind about asylum and hands you over after guaranteeing your safety . 
  that prestige is worth far more than the cost of having him living in the embassy . 
  in sweden it 's pretty much all subtitles . 
  the only things that ever get dubbed are children 's shows . 
  but they promise help only on the condition that the treaties preventing them from providing such help no longer apply ( i.e. 
  which seems fair . 
  you still sleep for the same number of hours/minutes . 
  it 's not like your sleep cycle knows what the clock says . 
  why would the time zone have any effect on your sleep cycles ? 
  if you go to bed at the same time and get up at the same time , does it really matter that the clocks are set differently ? 
   or maybe wake up when the sun rises . 
  this gets tricky when the sun sets in november and does n't rise again until february . 
   so on winter mornings one has to wait for yet another hour to see the sun rise ? 
  no thanks . 
  that 's already the case in the northern half of europe . 
  this would mean you 'd actually get some sunlight on the way home , rather than going to work in darkness and coming home in darkness in december and january . 
  but everything is digital and has gps now anyway , so it adjusts itself . 
  then you get to choose . 
  do you set the clock based on your orbit and when it 's light and dark for you , or do you just set it to a 24 hour cycle based on wherever ground control is located ? 
  for a place like the iss that orbits the earth every ~ 90 minutes , the first option would be very inconvenient . 
  just head north and you can have as much sun as you want in the summer . 
   time zones are only very distantly related to them . 
  not * that * distantly . 
  and the fact that it 's not perfect now is not a very good excuse for making it even worse . 
  you can have an * almost * natural day cycle . 
  it 's not all or nothing . 
   if daylight saving time is convenient for us , we can totally do it . 
  dst is n't very popular these days . 
  i do n't expect it to be around for much longer , especially considering that the switch to and from it kills people . 
  they get to vote like anyone else . 
  i 'm also not trying to say what 's right or wrong , just trying to explain what the racists believe . 
  it makes sense if you think it 's each country 's business who they allow in . 
  the idea that each `` race '' should stay in their designated area and manage themselves is usually popular . 
  so if spain wants to accept brits , that 's spain 's prerogative and spain 's problem . 
  that does n't mean that britain has to accept spaniards . 
  it has no recognized scientific definition when applied to humans , but the whole idea of `` racism '' used to be to not really care about that . 
  the first one is from ancient greek . 
  i think the last two are latin . 
  that * is * something to be proud of , though . 
   ever heard of loanwords ? 
  they 're very convenient . 
  i only know a handful of russian words , but could still read it just from ( mostly ) knowing the alphabet . 
  debatable , considering that austria was annexed by germany for most of that . 
  he 's from austria and is most famous for ruling an empire that austria was a part of . 
  the modern german federation ( formed relatively recently when the west and east united ) was also part of that empire , but is n't the same state and had significantly different borders . 
  and when that was n't enough , you went off to conquer places with a monsoon season . 
  that was never a problem . 
  the brits settled in the rainiest place they could find for a reason . 
  `` conversation '' by finnish standards . 
  this map just means they can mumble * fuck * instead of * perkele * while they stab you . 
  most ketchup has so little vinegar in it anyway that it 's like it 's trying to be salsa . 
  that 's only because all british dialects are considered english , no matter how unintelligible . 
  if you added the requirement that they must be able to hold a conversation with someone * other than their neighbor * , the dutch would probably win . 
  the second one * does * have a point . 
  hindsight and all that , but if there had n't been international support for the early revolutions of the arab spring , the syrian civil war would never have happened , and isis would never have emerged . 
  the middle east would probably have been more stable today if no one had meddled . 
  egyptians and tunisians may disagree , though . 
  black , yellow , white , red , blue , greenish , brown . 
  they 're trying out a new flag concept . 
  berlin and istanbul too . 
  if they had the sense to go back and remove the lock when they break up then sure . 
  right now it 's just an endlessly accumulating pile of metal junk , and 90 % of the teenage cruhes that caused them have long since ended . 
   uppsala seems fairly close to stockholm so that the average stockholmer can commute to it , same goes for helsingsborg and malmo with lund almost , sort of , maybe . 
  i think it 's an hour by train from central stockholm to uppsala . 
  if your parents live in the southern parts of stockholm , expect to have at least a 1 1/2 hour commute each way . 
  lund is closer ( to malm\u00f6 ) , but most of the university campus are at the opposite end of the town from the train station , so a one hour commute is still pretty likely . 
  i guess it depends on what kind of commute you 're okay with . 
  yeah , but the scandinavians are n't necessarily moving out because they have more money than they know what to do with . 
  they have enough money to be able to go to the best university that will have them , instead of just the closest one , and that means they have to move out . 
  depends on how picky you are , i guess . 
  the two most prestigious universities are in small towns where half the population are students or staff . 
   here in italy you 'd be considered lucky if you manage to qualify for unemployment ... you 're not going to qualify for that in sweden either unless you 've actually had a job for a year or more . 
  this is either people who have jobs or students ( who often have to move to study , as the population density is so low ) . 
  because the distances do n't allow for commuting . 
   but a chunk that 's just as large just goes to the closest uni . 
  in scandinavia , the closest university can still be quite far away . 
  there 's also a pretty big difference in prestige between them , so if you want to go to one of the `` fancy '' universities ( lund , uppsala , ki ) , you 're probably going to have to move . 
  often indirectly . 
  a lot of these people will be students , and * have to * move away from their parents in order to study . 
  it 's every stereotype come to life . 
  the frenchman even has a suit that fits better . 
  they probably picked maltese . 
   can countries register more than one language ? 
  if not then it seems like an easy enough change to make . 
  just change the rule so that it 's okay under exceptional circumstances , accept this as such a circumstance , then deny any other requests from other countries . 
  or as someone suggested , just `` forget '' to take it off the list . 
   except the european union does next to nothing militarily ... 
  better to have an army and not need it than to need an army and not have one . 
  the fact that the option exists influences how you can approach foreign policy . 
  it 's from before the 2007 depression , the euro crisis , the arab spring , the syrian civil war , the revolution in ukraine , and the migrant crisis . 
  a lot has happened in ten years .
