  even if it ends up not being at all effective , it 's nice that politicians have apparently started to come up with ideas other than `` we can probably fix this by eliminating the privacy and convenience of everyone else '' . 
   why would anyone go as far as to find a very similar stroller for the sake of one photo ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  if they 're popular , it 's not necessarily more work than `` hey , look , a stroller ! '', 
  and it 's probably there to look like it was used to transport babies rather than ammo . 
  it being abandoned is all symbolic and shit . 
  the other words are bang boom kablam repeated over and over . 
   but there is no doubt that it was taken on the front lines , someone even found the stroller on a video from one of the hot spots - they use it to carry ammo . 
  or it 's a similar stroller . 
  there 's nothing in either picture to indicate that it 's the same one . 
  no distinguishing damage or wear . 
  the bag fitted under it is missing from this picture , but it could easily be removed ( and certainly would be if it was abandoned ) . 
  the iwo jima flag raising is also an interesting example , as it * did * happen , but the famous photograph is from a propaganda reenactment that had * mostly * the same people . 
  so it 's almost true , sort of . 
   it 's opens up just fine i get a 404 error too . 
  wearing a wwi style steel helmet and a trench coat , you mean ? 
  and half of them would n't understand each other . 
  that seems to be the uk strategy . 
  please some people by voting to leave , then please the rest by not actually doing it . 
  it also unfairly favors countries with athletes that compete in multiple events . 
  you ca n't count phelps as one and a football team as eleven , then compare the number of medals per athlete . 
  what , you had some other year you 'd rather visit ? 
  surely you mean the * first * state ? 
  the numbering of the rest will be adjusted to accommodate . 
  bonus points when they then link a report that says right there in the report that the swedish number is highly problematic but is included anyway . 
  clearly they never even looked at their source ... 
   built it is also true that in real numbers , reported violent rapes by unknown is significantly higher in sweden then said comparable countries . 
  got any sources for that ? 
  because the only reports anyone can ever find to support the idea that people get raped all the time in sweden specifically mention the issue of definitions * in the reports * . 
  but the people who link the reports clearly never actually took the time to read them ; they just repeat what someone else claimed . 
   yes , however their definition of rape is similar to norway 's and they have higher numbers still . 
  the legal definitions are quite different in sweden and norway . 
  because you 're still stuck with the core issue - the word `` rape '' and the specific crime of `` rape '' does n't exist in all languages/countries . 
  you can get a fairly decent translation , but it wo n't be comparable in a legal sense . 
  the swedish crime of * v\u00e5ldt\u00e4kt * covers both rape and sexual assault , and then there are varying degrees of it , but if you 're just looking at statistics without context then you 'll loose that nuance . 
  it 's a bit like comparing murders in one country to the combined statistics for murder and assault in another country . 
  the latter country will have a much higher number , but that does n't actually say anything about the relative number of murders . 
  scandinavians do n't actually read the instructions either . 
  we just have lumber and hammers in our blood , and building things comes naturally . 
   climb a mountain inn norrland and look out at the unfathomably vast fields of pine and spruce . 
  whatever grows along those swamps and ravines is literally a drop in ocean . 
  in the north , sure , but down south ( which is more relevant to german tourists ) all the flat ground was cleared for farming a thousand years or more back . 
  what remains is mostly the hills , which are a useless rocky mess . 
  there 's also a lot of forest that is technically `` cultured '' because it 's privately owned and not protected , and which may have been lumbered in the past , but which is n't profitable to do anything with anymore as the ground is n't suitable for modern machinery . 
  much of those 97 % are can be lumbered , but is n't actually cultured in any sense . 
  think swamps , ravines , etc. 
   i heard denmark produces enough food alone to feed 50 million people . 
  i 'd think sweden could do the same . 
  norway too . 
  i doubt it . 
  produce * enough * food , certainly , but not to denmark 's level . 
  almost all of denmark is super fertile , while most of sweden and norway are useless rocky pine forests where nothing will grow except pines and blueberries . 
   that green hill in the back of your picture would have more corn on it . 
  there 's about a 90 % chance that it 's potatoes . 
  there 's a lot of that here too . 
   at the restaurant we 're eating frozen corn portions from sodeco food services . 
  well , that 's just sad . 
  at least people here are somewhat obsessive about the sourcing of their potatoes here when fresh ones are in season . 
  the distinction is how long it 's been undisturbed , not the degree of `` wildness '' . 
  either way , it 's not like it 's hard to find or get to . 
  it 's not some hidden spot in the middle of other forests . 
  there 's also forest that is n't protected , but which is n't profitable to do anything with , so it just sits there untouched . 
  typically because the ground is pretty much just swampland . 
  according to the map it 's eu27ch , so presumably the eu at the time ( this only goes up to 2010 ) plus switzerland . 
  it 's the same in sweden , except it 's mostly birches and beeches reclaiming that land . 
  the buildings are mostly gone , but the old stone walls ( built from rocks taken out o the fields when clearing the land ) that used to mark the boundaries between different farms are still mostly intact . 
   well there is also a low population and a high amount of land , including land that is not so habitable . 
  well , there 's a low population * because * most of the land is uninhabitable . 
  put simply , we 're exporting trees ( mainly in the form of paper ) and importing food . 
  we * could * grow enough food to support the population if we really wanted to , but we also grow cash crops like rapeseed and flax , because ... well , money . 
  in fact , the [ typical picture of scania ] ( https://bosseliden.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/dscn57901.jpg ) is mostly rapeseed as far as the eye can see . 
  just head north . 
  even southernmost sweden has numerous wild growth forests that you can visit . 
  they tend to look pretty similar , though - it 's usually all pines or all beeches and birches anyway depending on the soil type . 
  they 're just not in neat rows , and plenty of them have fallen . 
  they 're not nearly as diverse as wild growth forests when it comes to less obvious things like fungi and insects . 
  not having a bunch of rotting dead trees matters . 
  a lot of these forests * are * wild growth , though . 
  at least around here , there are plenty of nature preserves that used to be farmland . 
  you can see the signs of past civilization everywhere if you go there . 
  it 's quite cool , really . 
   1 - all citizens are equal by the law . 
  foreign diplomats are n't citizens . 
  they 're foreigners , and the idea is that their own governments make sure that they follow the laws of the countries they 're sent to . 
  keep in mind that just because a couple of teenagers know the words `` diplomatic immunity '' and can be released that way , that does n't mean they 'll get away with no consequences . 
   the cost of power generated from nuclear appears to be uncompetitive , if we force the industry to get full insurance . 
  that seems to be assuming payouts for one major accident per reactor every 100 years , which is a wildly unrealistic estimate . 
  there are 444 nuclear power reactors in the world , so according to their numbers we should be seeing four chernobyls per year . 
  we do n't . 
  in fact , you can count the number of nuclear power plant accidents that affected anyone outside the plant on one hand , for the whole world , ever . 
  a more realistic estimate would probably be one accident per 100 years per 100 reactors , i.e. 
  one accident per reactor per 10,000 years . 
  using their numbers , that 's an increase of $ 0.001 to $ 0.02 per kwh . 
  so essentially nothing at all . 
  note that it 's a report commissioned by a political organization , and is n't necessarily entirely unbiased . 
  if they 're * that * paranoid , they 'd just be asked to go home . 
   i understand what you 're saying , but you could just simply prohibit diplomats to ` problematic ' countries to take their families with them . 
  problem solved . 
  they just get rid of problematic people instead . 
  immunity does n't mean you can do anything you want .
