  if a beer is better at fridge temperature than at room temperature , it probably was n't a very good beer to begin with . 
  i thought the stereotype was that the french are great womanizers while the spanish are enthusiastic but largely unsuccessful at it ? 
  do n't they exile people for that ? 
   also exports ftw !, 
  has n't that always been the german motto ? 
  people are going to kill each other and someone is going to get rich from it . 
  might as well be us . 
  iran is * not * on the arabian peninsula . 
  [ it 's on the other side of the persian gulf , bordering pakistan ] ( http://binged.it/1u1mie1 ) . 
  which the graph illustrates quite nicely . 
  in 1945 the ussr was still a part of `` team victors '' . 
  by 1994 they had lost the cold war and did n't get to write any history books anymore . 
  the soviets still did about 2/3 of the actual work . 
  while it was a team effort , the soviet union was definitely the mvp of that team . 
   people from smaller countries are always proud of their english when really , it 's more about the fact thad dubbing movies and series is not economically viable in their country due to the small population . 
  travel is a big factor too . 
  if you 're danish , you ca n't travel very far in any direction without ending up in a country where you do n't speak the language ( swedish and danish are somewhat mutually intelligible depending on the dialect , but a person from western denmark and a person from northern sweden wo n't understand a word the other is saying ) . 
  that gives people a pretty good incentive to learn english . 
  but compared to a city like stockholm , copenhagen has n't really grown much in the last two decades . 
  i remember learning about copenhagen being twice the size of stockholm back in the early 1990s . 
  today stockholm is bigger than copenhagen . 
   if someone is sitting at home , day after day and looks outside at a blank grey wall , he might paint it . 
  or he might not . 
  judging by the state of maintenance in areas with high unemployment , the `` not '' case happens way more often . 
  in a perfect world everyone would use their newfound money to go out and do constructive things , but in reality most would n't . 
   i ca n't imagine how the government in italy could find meaningful work for everyone by pumping money into social projects and the like . 
  they would have to pump the same amount of money into the welfare system to fund the basic income , so the jobs would be free . 
  cities should be able to come up with constructive things to do . 
  i 'm sure most cities could use more gardeners and more people keeping the city clean , if nothing else . 
  you could probably also recruit more police officers to investigate minor crimes like bike thefts . 
   the fact is at the title and it would have been redundant for me to repeat it again . 
  the title only says that * current * unemployment is at 50 % . 
  that does n't mean that * future * unemployment ca n't be significantly lower . 
  unemployment was high during the 1920s too , but that did n't lead to any total collapse of the economic system . 
   the right to self-determination is a human right . 
  but too vaguely defined to be enforceable . 
  obviously everyone ca n't have the right to complete individual self-determination , so you have to draw the line somewhere . 
  a dozen * mil * if you 're swedish but still somehow metrically challenged . 
   there are plenty of meaningful things to do which are n't paid , many projects to volunteer for . 
  this could have been solved by spending the money on those projects so that they can hire people . 
  it would cost exactly as much as giving people basic income . 
   the ever-increasing availability and effectiveness of automation . 
  there 's only so much service-personnel we need , what 's the rest supposed to do ? 
  work fewer hours ? 
  that seems like a better solution for everyone than having half of everyone doing nothing and getting paid just to keep breathing . 
  allow me to counter that argument with the equally vague * `` you 're wrong , because facts !, 
  in sweden you 'd replace step # 2 with `` wait until after the next general elections '' and remove step # 4 . 
  i also think 51 % of parliament would be enough . 
  and there 's no senate . 
  the only special requirement is that it requires approval from two parliaments , defined as parliaments elected in two separate elections . 
  slowest case scenario , that 's four years . 
  right now it would take less than six months . 
  unless it 's a constitutional monarchy , where parliament has the authority to abolish the monarchy should they choose to . 
  the scandinavian monarchies could fairly easily be abolished , and the only reason they 're not is because a majority of the voters are in favor of keeping the monarchies . 
  because that has worked so well in italy the last decade ? 
  lots of young republican federalists around here . 
   well , let 's also abolish our parliament and stop elections because they 're too expensive . 
  an absolute king is much cheaper . 
  you completely missed the point . 
  a president ** that has no real power ** is a similar waste of money , being mainly ceremonial but requiring you to pay for an election in addition to all the other expenses . 
  a president that has actual power is a different matter . 
   ... but a couple of years ago , when putin really started up with his nationalistic campaigns , they switched to using an interpreter and pretend he had never so much as set foot in germany . 
  or he had n't used his german much in decades and did n't think it fit for diplomatic negotiations anymore . 
  but i guess that 's a less interesting take on it . 
   rarely is the end goal so obvious , though . 
  when is the end goal ever * not * obvious in a civil war ? 
  and hope no one bothers to go looking for you , now or later . 
  this is why the eu will fail at what ? 
  which , in practice , is indistinguishable from an actual civil war . 
   if i were a ukrainian soldier right now , i think i would desert . 
  but as these guys just demonstrated , that gets you executed . 
  so you ca n't desert anymore . 
  now your options are `` get executed '' or `` fight '' . 
  there 's no reason * not * to fight anymore , because the worst case scenario is still better than the alternative . 
  executing captured enemy combatants is a war crime according to international law , though . 
  you can `` accidentally '' shoot someone trying to surrender , but once you 've actually taken them prisoner you have to treat them decently . 
  violate that and you 're either a terrorist or a war criminal , neither of which will get you much sympathy . 
   i have a feeling this is going to get worse before it gets better . 
  at least it 's unlikely to turn into another syria . 
  that kind of instability in a country bordering the eu would n't be tolerated , and there would be peacekeeping forces all over the place if things escalated too much . 
  but arguing that their enemies had lost their right to be treated humanely is exactly how they justified this to themselves . 
  executing them without trial would only prove them right . 
   i find using something as ancient as a medieval knight a sign of insecurity . 
  what 's wrong with something modern ? 
  you could also argue the exact opposite : that using something modern is a sign of insecurity , as if trying to desperately show how `` far '' you 've come by hiding from your history . 
  also , if it 's not broken , why fix it ? 
  they 're [ quite nice , actually ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euro_note#specification ) . 
  each one has designs in a different architectural style , in chronological order based on the values of the notes . 
  they 're distinct enough that someone with an interest in architecture should be able to figure out their relative order even if they had no numbers printed on them . 
  no , the point was that the `` screaming and general unpleasantness '' will hit harder than the violence itself if someone is desensitized to the latter . 
  for people who grew up with sites like rotten or work in medicine , seeing injuries or severed body parts may not have much of an emotional impact but people in distress still might . 
  just change the title from `` king '' to `` emperor '' and all is well . 
  and assuming an independent scotland joins the eu , not much is really lost . 
  according to the more radical leftists , not being violently anti-fascist automatically makes you a racist . 
   was actually called an `` isamophobic bigoted cunt '' . 
  that could be more because of the phrasing than anything else . 
  or the need to guess , rather than just waiting and seeing what the investigation would show . 
   yet it pays a lot less than it should . 
  depends on whose definition of `` should '' you go by . 
  there are a lot of exceptions to the current rules as the countries that are supposed to be paying a lot do n't agree that those rules are very fair .
