  the strategy would n't really be to stop everyone , but to reduce the chances of success to where it 's not worth the cost of attempting . 
  if the chances of making it are one in a million , only the most extremely desperate people will try , but that group does n't have enough money to actually get to the border . 
  not necessarily as cost efficient , though . 
  hardly surprising , considering that all the times when the police succeed at deescalation , nothing more happens and it does n't make the news . 
   this is kissinger talking about morality - something kissinger is most certainly not a `` preeminent authority '' in . 
  read the first quote again . 
  maybe someone bought the new limited edition ultra deluxe stamp set ? 
  but not the definition anyone in scandinavia cares about . 
  it 's always about being nordic , and if anyone ever says scandinavia , they probably meant nordic anyway . 
  it 's always easy to be generous with other people 's money . 
   a wrong estimate considering all eurozone tax payers are giving money to greece and not only finland/germany . 
  but if people could opt out of that and get a small tax cut instead , would anyone choose to help greece ? 
   mostly because they fed them with crazy ideas that inflated their egos . 
  or because the voters are the ones who 'll have to actually come up with the money . 
  it 's easy to say that things should be done when you do n't have to pay for it . 
  it 's easy to say what will have the best long term consequences if you can ignore the short term effects . 
  the netherlands are the land of clogs and windmills . 
  possibly also tulips , drugs , and being below sea level . 
  food is pretty low on the list of things the country is known for . 
  union and confederate ? 
  if so , everyone should just automatically be assumed to be both irish and native , along with whatever else is trendy at the moment . 
   this is heavily based on assumptions . 
  all worst case scenarios are . 
  you ca n't ask for a worst case scenario and then complain that it 's too pessimistic . 
  not nearly enough different vowels overlapping to be scanian . 
  it has to be something like `` sk\u00e5oela mae auolen foer faen '', 
  the only meaning `` for '' has in swedish that i can think of is the past form of * fara * ( travel , though * \u00e5ka * and * resa * are more commonly used ) . 
  and that makes them notable enough to end up in this post . 
  they even burned down the white house . 
  of course , it was n't white at the time , but afterwards they had to paint it to cover up the scorched bricks . 
  but we stole that from the germans . 
  not really any sentimental value . 
  gotland has been ours far longer . 
  but being tall will allow them to build higher walls to keep the sea out !, 
  same . 
  probably a regional thing . 
  ah , yes , generic insults - the fine art of making the other guy seem 50 % more reasonable in comparison , using only one sentence . 
  yes . 
  whether or not that makes sense is irrelevant . 
  this is politically simpler . 
  it makes sense , sure . 
  but that does n't mean it actually works . 
  history is full of ideas that * make sense * but which are n't actually true or which do n't actually work . 
  not just in politics . 
   no , the solution is to change the economic conditions and sentencing laws that lead to mass imprisonment . 
  that 's a lot less likely to happen when the people affected by those laws are n't allowed to vote , though . 
   actual violent or egregious financial trust breaking felony crimes should take away someone 's right to vote . 
  there are a lot of things that people would argue * should * take away someone 's right to vote , which is exactly why not taking away anyone 's right to vote based on anything is frequently advocated . 
  whoever is in power makes the laws and can decide what is or is n't a crime and by extension who is or is n't a criminal , which if criminals ca n't vote allows them to keep themselves in power . 
  any such system is open to abuse . 
  `` lager '' means both storage and light beer in swedish too . 
  i 'd guess the reason it does n't count is because it refers only to a specific type of beer , rather than beer in general . 
   however , since the majority of swedes do n't really believe in it , we mostly just see it as a cultural thing among others . 
  i think it 's hard to really estimate , as religion is n't something that it 's really socially acceptable to talk about ( other than on an academic theoretical level ) . 
  so the subject just does n't ever come up , and even if it did no one would really say anything . 
  most people really have no idea what religious beliefs people around them have , because it 's * never * talked about seriously . 
   i think you overestimate the power of the royal navy to operate in the baltic sea . 
  especially after the germans conquered denmark . 
  getting into the baltic sea with anything other than a submarine ( and even that ) would have been impossible . 
  the straits are * very * narrow . 
  you 'd get utterly destroyed by coastal artillery , and they would n't need radar ( or even binoculars ! ), 
  to spot you . 
   and that the capitalists won . 
  if you 're going to see it that way , the capitalists and communists both ganged up on the fascists . 
  once that was done , they proceeded to `` fight '' a cold war for another half a century , and * then * the capitalists won . 
  the communists exited wwii stronger than when they entered it . 
   both underestimate the ussr though . 
  every western ( and ex-eastern ) country seems to more or less intentionally understate the ussr 's contributions during the war . 
  hardly surprising considering what happened later , but still dishonest . 
   it 's half a million ( ? ), 
  russians almost a million in the region . 
  half a million in the city itself . 
  or they 're destroying it because the people who wanted to sell it were n't willing to pay enough up front . 
  the greeks probably wo n't be buying * new * riot gear now , though , so it 's a bit too late to invest in that . 
  should have done that long ago . 
  i 'm pretty sure that all finnish military doctrine from the last 500 years has assumed the enemy is in the east . 
  i do n't know if finland knows how to fight in any other direction anymore . 
   in swedish dialects there are jag , ja , jao , je and ig . 
  in most of the country it 's pronounced `` ja '' . 
  the g is almost always silent . 
  i 'm not defending anything , just pointing out the irony of brits complaining about immigrants taking over . 
   we stopped several famines in those decades . 
  norman borlaug alone probably saved more people than the rest of the country managed to kill , so it 's basically net positive in the `` save people '' account no matter how you count . 
  nah , everyone is just confused . 
  downvote for being american or upvote for saying bad things about america ? 
  having been to finland a couple of times , i assume it 's supposed to be written exactly like that . 
  they 've been involuntarily handing it over to immigrants for the past few thousand years . 
  the romans , vikings , normans , etc. 
  the country is even named after a group of immigrants : the anglo-saxons immigrated from germany . 
   our food is unanimously considered the best replace `` food '' with `` breakfast '' and you might actually get away with that statement . 
  they decided to split the good players between multiple teams so they 'd have more chances of getting far through luck , while having a credible excuse for why none of the teams are ever successful . 
  i think that considering how many bribery scandals there have been involving arena construction projects , even the big arenas can have very shady owners . 
  no , mostly just sit around and think happy thoughts about how we 're living in an enlightened age and how war could never ever happen again , even as it happens . 
   i have never noticed any kind of comments being deleted except ... well , you would n't really know what kind of comment it was if you arrive after it was deleted . 
   it 's the fucking duty of a mod team to weed out comments that lead to flame wars . 
  i thought it was the duty of a mod team to get rid of the flame wars , not to get rid of any comments that many * lead to * a flame war ? 
  not much to discuss . 
  sweden barely even has an army anymore , so does it really make any difference who controls it ? 
  you could hand over command to the salvation army , and little would change . 
  some leftists did n't get the memo about the soviet union collapsing , or they 're just unquestionably pro-russia out of habit .
