  it 's individual corrupt idiots . 
  of course , i have n't heard about any of them actually being investigated because of it . 
  one guy even straight out said that he chose not to report things because it might favor a party he dislikes in the elections . 
  which is a really weird attitude . 
  this is a different incident that happened yesterday . 
  the title ( and article ) is inaccurate - it was n't at a refugee center . 
  it was one migrant stabbing another migrant in an apartment rented by the migration agency for housing refugees . 
  it also was n't at a refugee center . 
  it happened in an apartment rented by the migration agency , with no staff anywhere near . 
  or as if the police investigation is ongoing and they have n't released any information yet as they do n't want to risk influencing any witnesses until they 're done questioning people . 
   considering sweden is censoring it 's news , this is n't surprising . 
  it 's not the government censoring anyone . 
  it 's the media censoring itself due to the biases of the journalists . 
  which is arguably much worse . 
  it 's probably painted up top . 
  just put a lock on the door . 
  any of them still on the launch pad during launch will cease to be a problem . 
   this sort of utopian garbage is still fairly mainstream in sweden is n't it ? 
  how is it utopian to note that compared to how many people die each year from other preventable causes , terrorism gets a disproportionate amount of attention , and that the whole reasons that organizations like isis bother at all is because they know it gets a disproportionate amount of attention ? 
  more people die every christmas because they leave candles unattended than get killed by terrorists over a whole year , yet it 's rational to want more surveillance to stop terrorism but absurd to suggest the same for candles ? 
  please . 
  terrorism is a minor problem that 's blown wildly out of proportion , simply because it 's really scary if you completely ignore the probability of it actually happening to you . 
   but in normal countries it is abnormal for there to be terrorist attacks . 
  how do you define `` normal '' countries here ? 
  because almost every country has had some kind of terrorist attack ( or attack that by today 's standards would have been considered a terrorist attack ) at some point . 
  the only abnormal thing is how * often * they happen , but they 're not really happening much at all in most of europe . 
  it 's more of a french problem than a european problem . 
  yes . 
  i already said that , so it 's safe to assume that i 'm aware . 
   it really matters , unless you are proud of being an xenophobic ignorant . 
  it does n't matter to what this article talks about . 
  deals like this do n't get signed depending on whether they 're factually accurate . 
  they get signed ( or not ) based on the perceived opinion of the voters . 
  no one is going to sign anything if it means they 'll lose power in the next elections . 
  my point is that while it 's hard to know what someone will actually do before they 're in power , once they * are * in power and you get to vote again , you ca n't really blame someone else if you vote for them despite the fact that they did things you hate . 
  are you saying we should send them to french guyana ? 
  because that would be hilarious . 
  they 'd technically still be in france , just in south america . 
  it 's a bad deal for whatever country they end up in . 
  this is a solidarity and charity thing , not any kind of financially sensible investment into the future . 
   ... they do n't get to choose where they want to go and just ignore borders in the process . 
  i guess the point is that they do n't need that many countries to join for this to be a deterrent to economic migrants . 
  it 's enough that there 's one country involved that they do n't want to go to , and suddenly the supposedly guaranteed wealth of germany becomes a lottery . 
  seems like people would be much less willing to spend all that money on a trip when it might just result in them being deported to moldavia or something . 
  it wo n't make them * stay * in one country , but if the system actually works then they ca n't claim benefits in any other country . 
  or register for anything . 
  the only thing they can really do is be more or less homeless and beg in the streets , and there 's more than enough competition for that money already . 
  they can try to live as illegal immigrants and work illegally , but if they want to start a family or need to go to a hospital or whatever , they 'll be deported . 
   it will take a very long time to fingerprint a million people ... 
  if you still did it with ink and paper , sure . 
  but digitally ? 
  it 's almost instant . 
   none of the attackers were refugees . 
  does n't really matter . 
  they still affected public opinion a lot , which makes any kind of deal less likely . 
  and in the case of the new years eve events , the fact that they were n't recent arrivals just makes it worse , as it makes people worried about what the results of today 's immigration will be a generation for now . 
  immigration policy has always been based on the assumption that they 'll integrate eventually , so if people start to believe that many wo n't then public perception of it goes to hell instantly . 
  yeah , but he got rid of elections afterwards , so the situation was very different . 
  malm\u00f6 , and it varies wildly depending on what part of town you 're in . 
  it 's around $ 450 per month here for a one bedroom apartment in an okay neighborhood . 
  around $ 300 if you 're okay with living on the outskirts of town , from what i recall . 
  in stockholm you 'd probably pay twice that , if you can get a rental apartment at all . 
  but it 's an extreme case and not at all representative of the rest of the country . 
   we should base policy on the real world . 
  yeah , but the real world is the one where terrorism is really only a significant problem because people insist on making it one . 
  which is extra ironic considering that 's the point , and if people stopped being so upset by and terrified off terrorist attacks , there would n't be any . 
   we could pretend there is no crime and disband the police and close prisons . 
  considering that a significant number of crimes * do * happen , that comparison is completely meaningless . 
   there is no crime when there in no intent . 
  the law disagrees . 
  there are a lot of things you can be convicted of despite never meaning to do it . 
  people kept and still keep voting for her . 
  put them on trial instead . 
  you ca n't blame the representatives when you chose them to represent you and then did n't care about what they actually did . 
  so because people 's instinctive reaction to something is irrational , we should base national policy on irrational fears ? 
  maybe the xenophobia would n't increase so much if newspapers put some effort into putting events into perspective , rather than writing a hundred pages of sensationalized fearmongering any time something happened ( or was prevented but * could have * happened ) . 
   but you cant have your own furniture ... all rental apartments here are unfurnished , aside from things like stove and refrigerator . 
  even if it 's a second hand contract , it 's still usually unfurnished . 
   ... must deal with landlord all the time ... 
  in ten years of renting in two different cities , the only times i 've ever had to deal with the landlord was when i called because something was broken or when something was to be renovated ( which was to my benefit , so i did n't mind ) . 
   ... is crazy expensive ... 
  it varies a lot . 
  it can be pretty cheap . 
  here it 's often cheaper to rent than to buy , but there are relatively few rental apartments available , which drives the price up even further if you 're buying . 
   ... and they can kick you out any time ( with some transition period of course ) they ca n't do that here . 
  unless you 've failed to pay rent for a few months , trash the place , or keep getting noise complaints constantly , or if the building is being demolished , they ca n't evict you . 
  and if they do it anyway , you can take them to court . 
   that said , these interminable wars in the middle east courtesy of the us are contributing a lot to the instability . 
  there 's been constant warfare in the middle east since the beginning of recorded history , so it 's hard to say for sure if anyone is really responsible . 
  it 's a rather unique geographic location . 
  renting does have its advantages , though . 
  it 's much lower risk as the landlord takes the hit if the housing market crashes or something breaks , and if you need to move somewhere else for some reason you do n't have to worry about selling . 
  the countryside is pretty and cheap , but overall you get a sense that everything is very slowly falling apart , and the standard of living is noticeably lower . 
  it 's not * low * , but things generally work better and break down less often in cities . 
  which is odd , because either of those would be somewhat credible on its own , but not at all when combined . 
  they walked from the other side , actually . 
  the swedish army marched across the sea from the west . 
  ~ ~ i do n't think they ever actually reached copenhagen , because ~ ~ the danes thought the swedish army be stuck in the west until spring and failed to prepare . 
   is this straight very swallow though ? 
  mostly , yes .
