  the proposal really was too vague . 
  it does n't mean there is n't support for independence * in theory * , just that people wo n't support it until it can be realistically put into practice . 
  parts of finland , possibly . 
  not likely . 
  i do n't think you can even draw a straight line between tallinn and helsinki without crossing other land . 
  i find the biggest annoyance here to be that it knocks over every bicycle in town , blocking all the sidewalks . 
  you 're only on d ? 
  we had both hurricane gorm and storm helga sweep past recently . 
  sadly the wind speeds did n't match the naming convention to form any alliterations . 
  looks like home , except there 's more sunlight . 
  indeed . 
  you can reach a seemingly sensible conclusion based on certain premises , and it 'll seem insane to someone else who does n't agree to those premises . 
  that they 're all guilty of the same thing , and there 's little need to specify like that . 
  the neo-nazis and isis-sympathizers both target people based on the fact that they look kind of like what they imagine the `` enemy '' to look like . 
  sure , but that requires a lot of work and raises questions as to how reliable that translation is . 
  if you count helicopter carriers , italy has five . 
  two aircraft carriers ( * cavour * and * giuseppe garibaldi * ) and three helicopter carriers ( * san giorgio * , * san marco * , and * san giusto * ) . 
  depends on what you count as an aircraft carrier . 
  do helicopter carriers count ? 
  if not , i believe italy has two `` proper '' aircraft carriers , france has one , spain has one , russia has one , and the uk has one that 's completed but technically not in active service yet . 
  all of the above also have helicopter carriers . 
  the icelanders do n't need jets . 
  they have volcanoes . 
  as they 've proven in the past , trying to go there by plane is pretty much impossible . 
  so pretty much the same as what isis sympathizers tend to do . 
  it 's not like they do background checks on the political leanings of their victims . 
  that 's absurd . 
  but maybe a halberd . 
   why are we allowing biased sources on this subreddit ? 
  because few other swedish news sources bother to publish anything in english . 
  the only source that regularly translates things is the local . 
  unfortunately , the local is shit . 
  almost everything they write about sweden comes across as a political opinion piece . 
   still , the more at least are trying to stop monsanto the better !, 
  this is n't really trying , though . 
  it 's like me writing `` isis '' on a piece of paper and then tearing it apart , then claiming to be fighting terrorism . 
  kind of cute , but ultimately it will have no effect on anything , and the people involved have to be almost dangerously delusional if they think it will . 
  that assumes they have a good idea of what the job market is like at the destination . 
  considering that there are a lot of people who stand to make a lot of money by giving an unrealistically optimistic idea about the job prospects , people are likely to be misinformed . 
  it 's not ambiguous at all . 
  the reverse would be `` finnish speaking swede '' . 
   i had assumed that since all finns need to learn swedish in school , that all swedish finns would also need to learn finnish ? 
  they have to study it , but in my experience interacting with them they do n't really learn anything , because most of them is n't particularly motivated to . 
  the fact that they * have to * study a language that they consider useless does n't help . 
  or just that the writing is shit . 
  hitler was a great speaker , but a way with words does n't necessarily translate between mediums . 
   i bet a huge majority of people in the world have never read their religious texts either . 
  i think pretty much everyone has read at least parts of those text . 
  you ca n't even live in a western country without inadvertently learning numerous bible quotes and references ( though you may not know their origin ) . 
  much less chance of succeeding . 
  just look at what happened in 1944-45 : the red army faced the bulk of the german army and drove them all the way back to berlin . 
  the soviets did n't suddenly find themselves in a war and then decided to build a modern army ; they had started building one before the war , but had very little to work with in the 1930s so it took a while . 
  it 's still up to interpretation . 
  what if i use soap 90 % of the time ? 
  what if i use soap when i 'm at home but not elsewhere , for any number of possible reasons ? 
  if yes , what 's the limit ? 
  if no , are statistics for how many people use soap 100 % of the time with absolutely no exceptions ever interesting to anyone except people who sell soap ? 
  i think it could be a matter of how the question is interpreted . 
  i always wash my hands , but i do n't bother with soap every single time . 
  is that a `` yes '' or a `` no '' ? 
  the question does n't really say , so it 's a matter of guessing the intentions of the person asking . 
  without clarification on that point , the data is pretty useless . 
  could , but probably wo n't , and without turkey as part of that treaty it wo n't be good for much anyway . 
  the aegean archipelago ca n't be secured from only one side . 
  you either get turkey in on it , or you consider greece a lost cause and guard its northern border . 
  i think people overestimate how well researched this is . 
  canada does n't really have to do anything to stop , them , though . 
  preventing people from entering is easier said than done , especially if you have to simultaneously honor treaties about open borders . 
  and if you do manage to stop them , you just get a situation like in calais . 
  they do n't just go away because they ca n't get in , because they ca n't afford the return trip . 
  a reason for complaining , certainly , but rioting is n't really going to help . 
  maybe it was bacon-wrapped pork chops ? 
   the political answer is to make a big magnet through mass surveillance and automated flash scanning of communication for keywords . 
  which works fine if the people you 're looking for are using those keywords in the places you 're looking for them . 
  but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  either the messages are kept so simple that there 's nothing you can catch , or they 're through channels you did n't even think to monitor until it was too late , like console chats . 
  they 're often quite good , and most people will never have a chance to drive those vehicles in real life . 
  why play a shooter and be an infantryman in some generic conflict when you can operate a giant crane instead ? 
   that 's the tricky bit , is n't it ? 
  it 's not * that * hard if you know some german . 
  words sometimes take a second to decipher , but as long as you know what a * kabel * is and what a * schiff * is then the rest should fall into place . 
  for the original word , you should already know common compound words like * flughafen * and * feuerwehr * , and if you do n't then the full word wo n't make any sense anyway . 
  it 's easy if you have a job already . 
  a bit less so otherwise . 
  much harder if you 're not from the eu or norway . 
  everything in norway is expensive , though . 
  you might not actually have much left after taxes , rent , car , and food costs . 
  they would n't actually * get * asylum unless they can successfully convince someone that they 're from somewhere else , but that does n't mean they wo n't try . 
  as long as they think they 'll be allowed to stay , they 'll go . 
  depends on the language . 
  not every language would have a separate `` we '' in that phrase . 
  it 's sometimes implied by the verb . 
  if you do n't know the language all that well , you could easily make a mistake . 
  well , they have a recording . 
  unless they can prove that the russian pilot actually received and understood the warning , that does n't really prove anything . 
   sure but this was russian plane not syrianaf plane it was an su-24 , which both russia and the syrian government use . 
  there might have been some confusion as to whose plane it actually was . 
   how do you get up in the morning when everything is so hopeless ? 
  it 's not hopeless . 
  it 's just not that easy .
