  the highest point in sm\u00e5land is only 377 meters . 
  that does n't stop the landscape from being mostly miserable forests and rocky hills . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd really call halland or blekinge all that flat . 
  halland is flat right along the coast , but not otherwise . 
  the northern parts of scania are also pretty much indistinguishable from sm\u00e5land . 
  that combined with the fact that the citation on the left is too small to really read makes me skeptical as to the accuracy of these numbers . 
  and they 'll keep building mountains of dirt . 
  in a race between the oceans and the dutch , my money is on the dutch . 
   norway will actually tip upwards as the north pole melts ( in fact it has been tipping since the last ice age ) , and this kind of cancels out the sea rising . 
  same with most of sweden afaik . 
  yeah , the land in scandinavia is currently rising surprisingly fast ( and has been the last few thousand years ) . 
  especially in the south . 
  it wo n't be quite this bad , unless it all happens within a decade . 
  with all the fertile farmlands of the world under water , demand for fish will skyrocket !, 
  it 's so tall , you can see the sky from it !, 
   when i landed in denmark i could n't be sure we had n't got lost and gone back to amsterdam , at least from the air . 
  you should see southern sweden . 
  it also looks exactly the same . 
  not to mention we already stole the most accessible natural resources . 
  if we want more gold now we 'll have to actually dig it up ourselves . 
  not worth the hassle . 
  let 's just sit here and continue to be rich . 
  solution : build the wall really high and then tip it over them . 
  so it 's a 700 ft deep moat filled with ice ? 
  hardly surprising , considering the `` far right '' label gets thrown around quite generously . 
  the sweden democrats get called `` far right '' all the time , despite agreeing with the social democrats on most issues ( to the point of suggesting a joint budget proposition after the last election ) . 
  i 'm seeing the same message on pc . 
  `` to continue reading , please log in . '', 
  regardless of how you feel about the immigration laws , people being able to ignore the law is a bad thing . 
  lawlessness can cut both ways . 
   yet in comparison to other countries we are very bad at speaking other languages . 
  if you do n't use a language , you forget it . 
  practicing english is easy ( i 'm doing it right now !, 
  ) , but you kind of have to go out of your way to practice your french or german if you do n't live in a country where they 're spoken . 
  most swedes will speak decent english , but it 's an * enormous * step down from that to how good their german is . 
  you could phrase it as * statsniv\u00e5obscenitets\u00e5siktsterrorism * in swedish , so i assume you could do something similar in norwegian to get the full meaning into one not-entirely-legible word . 
  which would have been a good reason not to include the article title in the url to begin with . 
   i dont think average people care about that . 
  i dont think most of them could point out gaza on a map . 
  you do n't need to be familiar with the geography to have read about the politics . 
  if people know that it 's in the middle east ( ish ) and know about the things that happen there , the exact location does n't really matter . 
  considering that the population of moscow is about four times that of lithuania and the population of st petersburg roughly twice that of lituania , it could still have a pretty big impact . 
  1 % in both would equal 6 % of lithuania 's population worth of cars . 
  since lithuania is only 61 cars per 1000 people higher than neighboring poland , it could actually explain quite a lot . 
   in short , sweden , finland and norway need cars more then the danes do . 
  and swedes needs fewer cars than fins and norwegians as sweden is more urbanized , with about half the population living in one of the three major urban areas . 
  norway does n't really have any major cities other than oslo . 
  the title should have been * `` survey defines ` anti-semitic ' broadly enough that it covers on in four swiss '' * . 
  and it 's true regardless of whether you personally agree or not . 
  a lot of people * do * dislike jews in general because of the actions of the israeli government . 
  that 's still racist , but it does n't mean that anyone who is aware of it is also racist by proxy . 
  i was simply referring to the previous poster 's `` 92 % of crimeans '' figure , pointing out that 8 % of the population of crimea is still a lot of people . 
  made up statistics aside , 8 % of the two and a half million people living in crimea is an awful lot . 
  200,000 to be precise . 
  just convince them to hire someone to post infographics like this one on reddit every few days . 
  but he said it while drinking coffee . 
  thanks to him i know what an oogpister beetle is , but have no idea what species the bird outside my window is . 
  it gets really annoying when words are almost the same in swedish and english , but pronounced completely differently . 
  i think i get pipett/pipette wrong half the time . 
  it was specified as being european in the question . 
  you may still ask whether it was laden , however . 
  i think you could reduce that sentence to half the length if you started using \u00c5 , \u00c4 and \u00d6 . 
  no need to use '' - eur '' when '' \u00f6 '' denotes more or less the same sound . 
  but from the wikipedia article we learn that :  however , it produces excruciating pain that may be intense enough to incapacitate the victim . 
  and that :  information obtained from case studies shows that the pain develops into a long-lasting hyperalgesia that can persist for months but usually lasts from a few days to a few weeks . 
  a clinical report from 1992 showed that the severe pain was persistent and did not respond to morphine . 
  so maybe a venom that simply killed you would be preferable . 
  there 's a story about a man who got stung , and fifteen years later his hand still hurt . 
   edit : nevermind it 's on the map well , if you understand estonian . 
  `` nokkloom '' does n't mean much if you do n't know the language and the translations on the map are n't entirely accurate for all languages . 
  interesting . 
  in scandinavian languages , trunk is * snabel * . 
  seems like the etymologies got rather confused at some point . 
   then what do you call this in hungarian ? 
  `` kacsacs\u00f6r\u00fceml\u00f6s '' , apparently . 
  istanbul has historically/culturally always been a part of europe , though . 
  the turks have held constantinople for over 500 years and have been involved one way or another in most major european wars since then , including seemingly unlikely alliances like with sweden ( against russia ) . 
  i think it 's time to accept that they 're europeans . 
  hoplites , i assume ? 
  fish is n't really agriculture , unless you 're raising them in fish farms . 
  part of turkey is part of europe , same as russia . 
  there 's no sensible reason for including one but not the other . 
  it does n't have to last forever , just until technology advances to the point where you can put that expertise to work mining asteroids . 
   howver , all these parties belong to what i find an extremely worrying trend : the rise of nationalist , often overtly racist , and occationally fascist , parties in europe . 
  i think sd get half their votes from people who do n't really agree with them , but feel that no one else takes the issues seriously . 
  they get votes in the same way that the pirate party did in the 2009 election and the greens did in their early years : if people think something is important but that no one is talking about it , people vote for whichever party is talking about it . 
  sd is n't even remotely comparable to golden dawn , though . 
  one is somewhat racist while the other is pretty much openly neonazi . 
   a few percent should n't be overlooked if several countries across the eu all has it and said parties work together over the eu . 
  1 % from a dozen countries is still just 1 % of the total . 
  sure , but getting only a few percent of the votes gives you significant power over nothing at all . 
  the eurovision is all about entertainment . 
  politics rarely affect it much , and most of the block voting is because of similar tastes rather than any strategy . 
  a lot of older heraldry looked really silly , though . 
  just look at the [ crest of the city of malm\u00f6 from 1437 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9a/malmo_vapenbrev.png ) . 
  the top gryphon looks retarded and the lower gryphon looks really depressed . 
  it also makes no sense ; why does a bird have pointy ears ? 
  if you were conscious by the time that song started , you were probably cheating already . 
  i think you 'd be dead within fifteen minutes if you actually followed those rules . 
   plus , it 's actually a pretty decent song which is about the best you can hope for in this context .
