  they ca n't do much for nato and nato ca n't do much for them , so an alliance would be pointless . 
   the people of sweden and finland clearly do not want to deepen involvement in nato . 
  there are very mixed opinions on the matter . 
  it 's debated pretty often , but at the moment most people think we can get away with not committing to anything , at least not yet . 
  it 's a vowel , so it 's just called \u00c5 . 
  '' \u00c5 '' also happens to be a single-letter word meaning `` medium-sized river '' ( any bigger and it 's a * flod * or * \u00e4lv * , any smaller and it 's a * b\u00e4ck * ) . 
   the eu is in no way a militaristic union . 
  it would become one pretty quickly if seriously threatened , though . 
  people tend to get over their differences pretty quickly once a common enemy shows up . 
  eu membership makes a difference compared to ukraine , though . 
  because it 's the russian military , and they know what they 're doing . 
  they wo n't sit around in the open without proper air defense . 
   ... just because we fear that we might lose just a little of the riches that we have . 
  that 's not really the main argument against free immigration . 
  the main argument against it is that it does n't solve anything , while only making the problems worse in africa as anyone with the resources to leave does so , leaving those who ca n't leave even worse off . 
  this is n't something that can be fixed just by moving people from unstable poor countries to stable rich countries . 
  it 's not just italy . 
  malta faces the same problems . 
  you also have people being smuggled through europe to reach scandinavia and other countries where they think their odds of asylum are better . 
  meanwhile , other countries can more or less ignore it all . 
  for the individual , it makes sense . 
  they have a lot to lose but also a lot to gain . 
  on a larger scale it just makes problems worse , but it still makes sense for the individual . 
  napoleon was a bit taller than the average french man at the time , even . 
  he was just surrounded by exceptionally tall guards most of the time , as those were selected for bodyguard duty . 
  there was also propaganda value in portraying him as short . 
  according to social democratic class rhetoric , yes . 
   this , i fear , will be a huge problem due to the mass immigration . 
  it is a problem already . 
  there 's a lot of segregation within cities . 
  if you look at a city like malm\u00f6 ( where i happened to grow up ) , there are areas which are  90 % swedish and areas that are  90 % immigrants . 
  there are mixed areas where integration has actually worked , but most of the city is segregated . 
   it 's not about consensus , it 's about stated government policy ... 
  it 's very controversial government policy , though . 
  to the point where sweden currently has a minority government primarily because of controversies over immigration that prevent any faction from securing a majority in parliament . 
  the current policies only happened after the government reached an agreement with milj\u00f6partiet , which has been so unpopular with their voters that it risks costing them this year 's elections . 
  immigration is by far the most controversial issue in swedish politics right now . 
  even issues that are n't directly related to it are still shaped by the parliamentary situation , which is caused mainly by disagreements over immigration policies . 
  all places do n't have the potential for the same population density , though . 
  most of sweden is uninhabited not because of a shortage of people , but simply because it 's uninhabitable . 
  we do n't have endless forests of nothing but fir because we really like trees or have n't gotten around to cutting them down . 
  it 's just that nothing else can really grow there . 
   biggest brands suck dick , smaller breweries are masterrace , though . 
  it 's the same anywhere , except i 'd replace `` suck dick '' with `` are really bland and forgettable '' . 
  the big brands make beer that is in no way remarkable , meaning you ca n't really get tired of it and it 's never * bad * , but it 's never good either . 
  smaller breweries are less consistent : sometimes great , sometimes terrible , always interesting . 
  austria gets nothing ? 
  true . 
  the plantagenets were originally french and england was basically french-controlled since 1066 anyway . 
  and get * really * drunk . 
  that 's important . 
  then eat lots of fish and meat . 
  also , it 's not a penis on top of a pole : the pole is the penis . 
  the english controlled large parts of france , but never all of it and they got gradually kicked out . 
  so not really any gaining of independence involved . 
  i went to school in p-town , and we never learned anything like tht . 
  everyone lives in a series of letter-shaped cities extending from the norwegian border into the baltic sea ? 
  and buying their gas , thereby providing them with the money they use to buy the warships , is so kind and innocent that it 's not even worth mentioning . 
  they said house arrest , but did n't specify which house . 
  the position in the old version does n't really make much sense . 
  then again , a lot of things in the images have been shuffled around quite some distance , like how the stockholm town hall is relocated to v\u00e4ster\u00e5s . 
  he 's in the right spot : ancient macedonia . 
  the current border did n't exist in 300 bc , so placing him on either side of the modern border would n't make much sense . 
  well , they got nils holgersson ( the boy on the goose ) right , so i can forgive the fact that they felt the need to squeeze in ikea , volvo and a giant cartoon viking . 
  no room left after london took over the entire southern half of the island . 
  there 's an edelweiss flower too , and some random mountains . 
   theoretically there 's no problem with moving the entire population of pakistan to northern sweden . 
  only if they 're okay with not having any place to actually live there , and with not really having anything to eat . 
  i 'm talking about this organization specifically . 
  they 're kind of infamous for constantly criticizing * everyone * . 
  do n't assume that they ca n't be insane just because they happen to be a minority . 
  the `` mass '' part is also problematic , as logistical concerns are largely ignored . 
  there 's already a housing shortage in the major cities ( which is where the majority of immigrants end up ) , with virtually nothing done to address the fairly obvious fact that immigrants need somewhere to actually live . 
  this * could * be solved by simply building more houses , but this simply is n't done at a rate that matches immigration . 
  it 's just terrible journalism . 
  they bunch together the `` more '' and `` same '' options to prove their ( extremely biased ) point , despite the fact that according to that very study they 're citing , there are more people who want to reduce immigration than there are people who want to increase it . 
  they only get the 2/3 figure by arbitrarily grouping everyone who has no strong feelings together with the group they want to represent as being in the majority . 
  that 's a very dishonest phrasing . 
  you could just as well say that * a majority want to keep the current levels or reduce it * . 
  the most common answer was `` same '' . 
  the second most common answer was `` less '' . 
  the `` more '' option came in last of those three ( not counting the `` do n't know '' option ) . 
  on average , the population leans slightly towards the `` less '' end of the spectrum . 
   i do n't know if it 's the case in sweden , but immigration can be a great solution to low birth rates and an aging population ... 
  except that it ca n't . 
  it solves absolutely nothing in the long term . 
  if the people of working age ca n't support the elderly , increasing the working age population only solves the problem temporarily , because they 'll age too eventually . 
  and then you 'll have to keep increasing the population exponentially . 
  that 'll work for a few generations , but at some point you 'll still have to deal with the actual problem : if people live for 90 years , studying until you 're 25 and retiring at 65 just wo n't be enough unless you 're okay with a lower standard of living . 
  sweden could probably support 15 million people without problems . 
  even 25m . 
  but 50m ? 
  at some point it 'll be an ecological disaster . 
  at what point do you stop pushing your problems onto future generations ? 
  they 'd never have a copy of the quran . 
  the idea that these people like islam is a strawman , and you can be pretty sure that the only muslims they actually know are secular second generation immigrants . 
  they have zero interest in the religious beliefs of immigrants . 
   actually it was the association of scanian afro-swedes that issued the original complaint . 
  for the record , that association is notorious for calling * everyone * racist . 
  basically anyone who is n't a member is racist , including africans .
