  the graph is cropped , so it 's not nearly that bad . 
  the bottom half is missing . 
  [ reality looks more like this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/oo4a2m9.png ) . 
  it 's still bad , but not * that * bad . 
  in the us you can just take any name from anywhere else and mangle the pronunciation . 
  it 's kind of odd , yes . 
  the uk * could * win . 
  but no one cares about eurovision , so no one famous wants to participate , so the uk always loses , so no one cares about eurovision . 
  other countries send relatively famous ( nationally , anyway ) artists all the time . 
  it would n't be too hard . 
  the border consists of five bridges and a ferry , and most of that wo n't really need any guarding . 
  in the summer it might be possible to cross the torne river on a raft or something , but in the winter that 's suicide . 
  which is reasonable , considering that it has n't been working as intended * at all * and sweden ends up getting screwed over by every other country ignoring it . 
  it 's not exactly a radical view point . 
  i do n't think anyone here wants to keep it as it is . 
  it means control over where they end up , though . 
  now instead of having people show up where they want to go , they 'll all get stopped right away and distributed to where it 's most convenient . 
  would you rather go to stockholm than the southern countryside ? 
  well , tough luck . 
  american presidents usually only have the votes of ~ 25 % of the eligible voters ( considering voter turnouts ) . 
  we should be able to rival that . 
   pro or anti-europe , almost everyone can agree on this motion . 
  i 'm highly skeptical on the grounds that it 's going to cost a lot of money and probably not achieve much ... 
  or at least the uk will come last and will blame bloc voting . 
  i was going to say that the uk did win that one time . 
  then i realized i was thinking about an irish artist . 
  but they 'd go on strike first , on general principle ? 
  it 's probably been posted to / r/funny at least 50 times . 
  it 's pretty much translated one expression at a time without changing the word order . 
  specifically , `` brevbomba '' , `` landets polis '' , and `` handskrivna brev '' . 
  the word `` handskrivna '' ( hand written ) seems to * really * confuse it , as what should have been * letters * ended up being * the letter * . 
   not to mention the 50isch no-go zones ( increased to 60isch recently and still rising ) that police has officially admitted given up control over . 
  i always hear these mentioned , but no one ever says where they 're actually located . 
  do you happen to know any ? 
  i 've never heard of any case of that actually being enforced , though . 
  only people who were just friends or already girlfriends . 
  and in the latter case , always combined with something else that i probably would have done anyway . 
  that 's not really ambiguous , though . 
  if you meant north or south america , you 'd specify . 
  if you meant both , you 'd say americas . 
  spelling out the whole `` united states of '' part is about as meaningful as spelling out `` federal republic of '' every time you mention germany . 
   europeans look at our federal taxes and make comparisons . 
  you have to add up all the layers of bureaucracy and make the comparison . 
  it 's the same here . 
  most people do n't pay much tax to the national government , and the county tax is almost nothing . 
  almost all the taxes you pay are municipal . 
  20 \u00b0 c is warm . 
  -20 \u00b0 c is chilly . 
  in sweden they might drive you home if you 're underage . 
  that 's about it . 
  unless you 're passed out in the street or breaking other laws , nothing will happen otherwise . 
   ... people do n't talk about general rules about `` the nth date '' or whether you have sex at this or that `` phase '' of the relationship . 
  because half the time you had sex long before you went on anything resembling a date . 
  is there even any dating in europe ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever been on anything i 'd consider a date , but i 've still been doing just fine . 
  they 've had a bad reputation for centuries . 
  the only difference is whether it 's okay to say that out loud or not . 
   it 's probably the influx of mass immigration that caused the gov 's to not have enough money to pay for everything . 
  not in this case . 
  the police has been underfunded for ages . 
  crime is n't rising ( more cases get media attention , but overall it 's the same as always ) , so public opinion is pretty apathetic towards increasing funding , meaning politicians do n't really care either . 
  if they 'd let you , which they probably wo n't in order to not encourage others to do the same . 
  it 's just this one thing they have to change . 
  it 's not like they have to give up the whole stalking business . 
   ... as chrome has a built-in spyware . 
  chrome ** is ** spyware . 
  why else would a company whose business model is personalized advertising bother to make a browser ? 
  depending on what secret warrants the nsa has shown up with , it might be illegal for google to * not * lie to your face about what they 're tracking . 
  the us spying outrage was over them targeting * everyone * . 
  that 's a breach of privacy . 
  spying on politicians and embassy staff is quite different and is to be expected . 
  it would be bigger news if it turned out they had neglected to do so . 
   why do n't they do a better survey ? 
  two reasons , i guess : 1 . 
  that 's easier said than done . 
  `` better '' depends on what the people paying your salary are hoping for . 
  sweden might adopt the euro eventually , but not the coming decade . 
  support was 45 % for 55 % against back in the 2003 referendum , but it 's been sinking ever since the euro crisis began . 
  right now it would take a positive event of a similar magnitude to bring opinions back to anywhere near 50-50 . 
  it 's a dead topic in swedish politics . 
  to be fair , the romans sort of had it coming . 
  they invaded first . 
  that 's less of an insult than it was a decade or two ago , though . 
  a few more decades and they may get a team together that has some kind of real chance . 
   we do that too , but there used to be a strong expectation that the winning coalition leader would get the job ... 
  it 's the same in sweden . 
  the prime minister has always been the leader of the biggest party in the winning coalition . 
  that 's not a law , but it 's the way things have been done for the last century . 
  if anyone else got the job , many people would feel tricked . 
   ... how are the germans expecting mandatory quotas to work ? 
  do you really get the impression that anyone involved is thinking ahead ? 
  does n't matter . 
  they can do this because germany has decided to not care whether someone has been registered elsewhere or not . 
   eu made this mess ... countries being overly generous to people who very obviously sneaked through other countries and ignored all laws to get to the specific country they want to be in made this mess . 
  when you make smuggling people very profitable and never prosecute anyone doing it , you 're obviously going to end up with a lot of people willing to do it . 
  and it 's been going on for a very long time . 
  parts of asian russia are also colored . 
  it really makes no sense . 
  this one was pretty accurate aside from russia . 
  it counted the european part of turkey as european and the asian part as asian .
