  it does n't even have to make sense - you 're still racist . 
  but only crazy people talk to strangers on the bus anyway , so you 're not missing out on much . 
  anyone you talked to would think you were insane and possibly dangerous . 
   swede deems it racist fixed . 
  clearly the best way of getting fruit back into the stores is to conquer the places where the fruit is grown !, 
  you could just open cans of it all along the russian border , and no one would be willing to cross . 
   sd does n't have to win , only get enough votes that neither block has majority . 
  that was the outcome of the previous elections : neither block had a majority . 
  but it only gives sd power if other parties agree to giving sd power , which they have n't . 
  until sd can get  30 % of the votes , they wo n't have any political power . 
   actually reinfeldt 's immigration policy was formed in co-operation with mp and has historically been worse than any previous s government ( even if they 're horrible as well ) . 
  compared to when s had a chance of governing without the active support of mp , sure . 
  but they do n't right now . 
  i doubt that s is going to be able to form a government without cooperating with mp far more than m did , probably including giving them at least one minister . 
   still i hope sd goes forward a hell of a lot and scares the other parties career politicians enough to start purging their parties . 
  polls show sd around 10 % , which seems about right . 
  their support is usually pretty steady . 
  do the ukrainians actually need a bunch of random food ? 
  and apparently most of the swedish food exports to russia are margarine . 
  i do n't know how much of that the ukrainians actually need . 
  because it 's not about what makes sense , but what will get them good publicity from far-left journalists ( who conveniently live in fashionable neighborhoods far from the immigrants anyway ) . 
  saving 1000 lives in some far away place gets you less media goodwill than saving 20 lives in a more visible manner . 
   he is beyond insane , though luckily he 'll only be prime minister for another month . 
  unfortunately , there 's no chance of someone * less * insane in this regard winning . 
  the only way he can lose the election is if s forms a government with v and mp , whose immigration policies make reinfeldt look like a nazi in comparison . 
  and the national party is going to gain support either way , but not enough to actually win . 
  they 're not going to have any realistic chance of governing before 2030 at the earliest . 
   is his election campaign in all seriousness ... 
  it 's not really part of the main election campaign , as the only other party with a shot at winning suggests the same policies . 
  this is just an attempt at mobilizing voters against the sweden democrats . 
  it 's probably not going to work , but he 's presumably under a lot of pressure to do * something * . 
  impossible to say right now . 
  he 's behind in the polls , but it was like that last election too and he still won . 
  crudely put , the opposition has ideas but little ability to deliver on them while the current government has the ability but no ideas to actually deliver . 
  it 's hard to say what voters will go for , but judging by past trends he 's definitely going to do better in the election than in polls . 
  i guess if it was a lake , we could dust off the old longships ... 
  turkey is european because part of the country is on the balkan peninsula , on the north-western side of the bosporus . 
  azerbaijan is not in europe because it 's south of the caucasus mountains . 
  the same goes for armenia . 
  the usual definition of europe defines the border as gibraltar - mediterranean sea - bosporus - black sea - caucasus - caspian sea - ural river - ural mountains . 
  so [ like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg/537px-europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg.png ) . 
  the eurovision song contest accepts some countries which are most certainly * not * part of europe by any definition other than the one used by the esc . 
  most notably israel , but azerbaijan and armenia are a big stretch too . 
  geographically , cyprus is also pretty questionable . 
  i was thinking more [ final countdown ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jk-ncrmvcw ) pun than grand strategy reference . 
  i think the `` limit '' is the speed of whatever train the person talking is trying to sell . 
  i 'm not sure if 220 km/h really counts as high speed rail . 
  if it does , sweden already has high speed rail between all major cities ( x3 ) . 
  `` proper '' high speed trains travel at 300 + km/h . 
  i 'm not sure if they could really compete with flying at that distance . 
  fast ferries work for short distances where the reduced hassle compared to flying makes up for the slower speed , but if the distance is long enough then flying always wins . 
  high speed rail in sweden that does n't include stockholm ? 
  wo n't happen . 
  there 'll never be any national funding for anything happening in the south unless stockholm also gets a share of it . 
   i never really liked \u0160akotis ( some people refer to it as baumkuchen ) , but i see it mentioned everywhere . 
  that looks very similar to [ spettekaka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spettekaka ) from southern sweden . 
  seems to be pretty much the same thing but baked in a different shape . 
  you 'll see that stuff in denmark too . 
  source : ate one in copenhagen yesterday . 
  semlor ( * fastlagsbullar * if you 're a southerner ) are more of a seasonal thing , traditionally eaten in early spring . 
  as such it 's not really representative of swedish pastries in general . 
  then quickly take away all his power and get an excessively large parliament . 
  we get along just fine , aside from a few kids who do n't live near any borders anyway . 
  i think 90 % of swedes would agree with that sentiment . 
  the swedish army uses fn rifles , actually . 
  our exports are mainly bigger `` support '' stuff like radar , anti-tank weapons and surface-to-air missiles . 
  you got downvoted for getting the translation wrong , not because people think finland sucks . 
   sanctioning polish apples and canadian bacons is n't going to change anyone 's policy except at home . 
  the choice of food products also seems pretty random . 
  apparently most of sweden 's food exports to russia are rapeseed oil and margarine , neither of which are affected . 
  it 's only rape if you disapprove of it , and clearly a true patriot would support the nation , so anyone calling it rape must be a treacherous foreign spy . 
  only 97 years since the last time they took all the people in charge and shot them , though . 
  really neat design , but i 'll believe it when i see it . 
  i think most countries have such regulations , with the differences often being about how often such exceptions are granted . 
  like how sweden 's tallest building is about twice as high as anything else in the city . 
  it ( and the surrounding buildings ) was built for [ an architectural expo in 2001 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bo01 ) . 
  it 's a pretty cool building , though . 
  a lot of the others are just ugly glass boxes that are remarkable only because they 're unusually tall glass boxes . 
  they do n't seem like they ever will be built either . 
  the floating cities just scream `` catastrophic hurricane damage '' while the pyramid would cost a fortune to maintain with little benefit aside from looking kind of neat . 
  it must still be rather annoying how the highest building in sweden ( 70 meters taller than anything in denmark ) is visible from copenhagen . 
  just think of how much money they can save on security by putting * everything * in one easily guarded building , though . 
  what else are we supposed to do up here ? 
   one of the few things i really envy you swedes for is your fast and ubiquitous broadband . 
  it helps that there 's a fair bit of competition . 
  no matter where you live , you have options . 
   if you like mellow lager , similar to carlsberg etc. , with very good quality control , you 'll be in heaven . 
    i personally prefer beer with stronger taste , and recently we have started to have some decent microbreweries , too . 
  this goes for all the nordic countries , and i guess a lot of other places too . 
  the main brands are bland , but okay . 
  the smaller breweries are usually a lot more interesting , but can be a bit hit-or-miss . 
  and if it does n't involve firewood , it 's not proper . 
  one confirmed death so far . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was n't going to become matchsticks . 
   ... we should be able to manage a freaking forest fire on our own . 
  this is n't just any forest fire , though . 
  it 's extraordinarily bad , hence why it 's a national emergency . 
  and we * could * put it out on our own eventually , but with some help we can reduce the damage it does . 
   ground forces would take too long . 
  unless you can use the planes to transport them , i guess .
