  of course , it did n't do the same with the european and asian parts of azerbaijan and georgia . 
  and armenia is n't european no matter how you look at it . 
  people in england do n't speak english . 
  they speak some local dialect that 's vaguely related to english , but which is often harder to understand than some old man with a horrible accent from belarusian countryside . 
  because if you ca n't understand the belarusian , he 'll assume it 's his fault . 
  if you ca n't understand the brit , he 'll assume it 's your fault . 
  it 's on and off in various forms . 
  i think you can find similar posts for most european countries if you dig . 
  there was a series a while back ( a year ago ? ), 
  that covered most , including some that do n't normally get much attention . 
   ... more powerful than international leaders . 
  a lot of those leaders ca n't actually do that much on their own , though . 
  just look at all the stuff obama has tried but failed to do because congress would n't let him . 
  the us is powerful , but that does n't mean the us president is . 
  in contrast , when putin wants to do something he does it . 
  this is about individuals , not governments . 
  that 's also why merkel ranks so highly ; she can actually get her will through both in germany and in the eu . 
  she ca n't do it quite as well as putin , but the eu is much bigger , richer , and stronger than russia , so it kind of evens out . 
  not really heresy , just different . 
  they 've hated each other for eight hundred years , but are starting to get along in recent years . 
   the thing is there are lots of catholics in the world . 
  i think `` lots '' is a bit of an understatement . 
  there are well over a billion catholics . 
  many protestants also care what he has to say . 
  when he speaks , his words reach billions . 
   how do we know they are n't going to start an intifada ? 
  the fact that it would fail miserably . 
  they do n't have the numbers or equipment or or local support or really anything that would allow a military campaign to survive for more than 24 hours . 
  and they know that too . 
   war does change regardless of what fallout says . 
  which is exactly why we need more investigators and infiltrators , not more soldiers . 
  rather than spending money retraining soldiers , why not spend that money recruiting more police ? 
  it could just be preemptive . 
  if you need to deploy a large number of people to a specific city , it 's a lot easier to get 10k soldiers on the spot than 10k police . 
  military organization , training , and vehicles are much more suited to quickly responding to major incidents . 
   moderators like some agendas more than others . 
  their enforcement has been a lot more neutral lately , though . 
  you ca n't wipe them out without first knowing where they are . 
  or are you just going to note that there are terrorists hiding in london and annihilate the entire city just to be sure ? 
  wiping out terrorists is a non-issue . 
  the moment we know where they are , they 're done for . 
  the terrorists know this too , which is why they 're operating in secrecy in the first place . 
  finding them is the hard part . 
  if you really want to stop them , send an army of investigators and infiltrators , not an army of soldiers . 
   soldiers used to build roads . 
  some soldiers still do . 
  and if you need a road built , feel free to call the engineering corps . 
  that still does n't change the fact that most soldiers do not have any skills that are at all useful for tracking down terrorists . 
  they 're only useful once they 're found , but neutralizing identified terrorists is n't an actual problem . 
  the police can do that just fine . 
  basically , soldiers are useless against terrorists unless you want to retrain them to get a completely new set of skills . 
  but if you 're going to do that , why not just train more police officers ? 
  it would take just as long . 
  it makes sense if you assume that west middle and the middle were once the same county . 
  at some point the western parts became their own county , but that hardly warranted renaming the rest of it . 
  wales was roman for some time , so it would n't be very surprising if the language picked up some roman words during that time . 
  especially not words related to engineering , administration , or warfare , as those were roman specialties . 
  * water * seems questionable . 
  swedish has * v\u00e4der * ( weather ) and * v\u00e4dur * ( ram ) , which seem more likely . 
  same in sweden . 
  the whole economy runs on coffee . 
  if the supply stopped , we 'd probably go back to viking before the day was over and go raid a place that had some . 
  they 're doing it just to spite you . 
  the french astronauts are over by the esa spaceport in south america . 
  they 're just celebrating it . 
   seriously , we can not even into top 10 almost , though . 
  # 12 in the who statistics . 
  eastern europe is hogging all the top spots . 
  a nontrivial part of the danish `` consumption '' is also swedish . 
  the amount of alcohol being privately transported on the ferry from helsinore to helsingborg is nothing short of ridiculous . 
  they actually rent out carts in case you want to buy more liquor than you can carry . 
  possibly based on sales figures , and finns buy more alcohol abroad . 
  if you check the who statistics , finland is ahead of germany . 
  but do you traditionally take shots at christmas dinner ? 
  always use yellow snow . 
  it might be spilled beer . 
  because any time a muslim organization invites anyone to speak , some news source will label it extremist and print an article about it . 
  since no one ever bothers to look into who the speaker actually is , they get away with it . 
  when was the last time you actually looked into a story like that ? 
   but the eu wide asylum system prevents double registration . 
  on paper . 
  in practice , it does n't actually do anything at all to prevent people from simply going somewhere else and living there illegally . 
  unless there 's a way to force people to stay where they 're assigned , they 'll go where they want . 
  preventing them from registering in the new country wo n't matter . 
  as long as you can make more money doing illegal work in the uk than doing legal work ( assuming you can get a job ) in eastern europe , people with nothing keeping them there will move on . 
  only if they use the money to leave . 
  otherwise you have to give them more money next month to keep them off the streets . 
  only because the swiss definition of `` bank secret '' is `` any information at all somehow relating to a bank or its customers '' . 
  and then sell his blood for $ 30 per bag ? 
  it would be terribly silly to go 3 vs 30 if you can avoid it , and they may not have known exactly how many people they 'd encounter . 
  i doubt that bravery or cowardice had anything to do with any of this . 
  they did n't actually get away clean , though , so they might not . 
  the guy that got caught probably also was n't the brightest member of the bunch . 
  yeah , but if much of that change is because they opened up some new place within shouting distance of a bunch of hateful neighbors , it does n't really say anything . 
   and pressure towards the politicians in both domestic and eu level . 
  that 's not really going to happen as long as all journalists live in segregated areas unaffected by immigration . 
  the media is full of people who love foreigners in theory , but prefer not to have them as neighbors . 
   higher crime rate , higher rate of smuggling by sea to and from the eu ... 
  there is n't really any such smuggling . 
  everything goes through denmark , mostly across the bridge .
