  if anything , 20th century history should serve a warning against extreme politics in general , rather than a warning against any particular political group . 
   the rate for the previous european elections was 65 % , and that is still lower than the usual rate for political elections ( 75 % last year ) . 
  that 's still impressive . 
  in sweden , the turnout in general elections is  80 % while the turnout for eu elections has lingered around 40-50 % for the last decade . 
  the elections do n't line up in sweden . 
  general elections every four year ( which i do n't think a lot of people would want to increase ) and eu elections every five years . 
  so they 'll line up once every twenty years , but even then they 're still months apart ( like this year ; eu in may and national in september ) . 
  the swedish turnouts were also very low compared to the usual election turnout of  80 % . 
  it was an improvement over previous eu elections , but it 's clear that a lot of people do n't really care . 
  adjusted up to 48.9 % now , and there may still be uncounted mail votes that will bring that figure up a bit higher . 
  a pretty big step up from last election 's 43.8 % either way , and a huge step up from the 37.9 % who voted in the 2004 election . 
  at this rate it 'll be well over 50 % next time around . 
  still quite sad compared to the 82 % who voted in the last general elections , though . 
   have n't the voters told us something ? 
  the ones who voted have . 
  the ones who did n't have n't said a thing other than `` carry on with whatever you were doing ; i wo n't stop you '' . 
   there are not enough options in latvian . 
  there are never enough options anywhere . 
  you 'll never fully agree with any party . 
  that 's the nature of compromise . 
  that 's quite silly , as those remaining 40,5 % could have propelled any party to victory if they just bothered to get off the couch . 
  they 're not . 
  the five largest countries combined are still in minority in parliament . 
  the majority of the seats in parliament are from smaller countries . 
  assuming your country 's parliamentarians do n't matter is the same kind of reasoning as saying that your vote does n't matter , because it 's only meaningful as part of a larger group of votes . 
  which is about as sensible as saying the ocean is insignificant because it 's just a collection of tiny drops of water . 
   very strong apathy towards politics , sadly . 
  which is quite sad , because if all the people who did n't bother voting had voted for some other candidate , the established politicians would n't be in power anymore . 
  that says more about the nature of statistics than it does about much else . 
  assuming their supporters are more or less randomly distributed across the country , you 're going to find both the highest and the lowest support for npd in small districts . 
  the law of large numbers means larger districts are far less likely to be anomalous like that . 
  which is equally ridiculous . 
   ca n't you german fuckers take the election seriously for a single moment . 
  should n't you be more upset about the millions of people all over the eu who did n't even bother to vote at all , rather than the few who expressed their displeasure by voting for a silly party ? 
  if anyone is n't taking the democratic process seriously , it 's the people who are too apathetic about it to even vote . 
  at least voting for die partei sends a message . 
   not only does their representative get paid for doing nothing ( they have no real political agenda ) , but also they might all be elegible for a farewell package even after serving only one month . 
  i ca n't see how it 's a good thing to have them in the ep . 
  if that 's actually possible according to current rules , it would be nice if someone demonstrated just how ridiculous that is by doing it . 
  hopefully it gets the rules changed . 
  people should be in the parliament because they think they can do good things there , not because it pays better than domestic politics . 
  varies from green party to green party . 
  the swedish greens definitely fit the `` between social democrats and communists '' description . 
  they 're pretty far left . 
  how is any of this the fault of capitalism ? 
  most of these parties are fueled by anti-immigrant sentiments , which have nothing to do with the free market . 
   it is . 
  but this wo n't stop israeli media portraying every single citizen of germany today as flag-waving radical nazi 's . 
  if they really wanted to do that , they 'd do that anyway . 
  if someone is such little interest in the truth , it does n't matter what the actual facts are . 
  just because someone voted based on reasons you do n't agree with or understand does n't mean those reasons are ignorant or stupid . 
  lots of people who have no strong party sympathies vote strategically , trying to shape politics rather than simply voting for the lesser evil . 
  if they think the mainstream parties are too pro-eu , they 'll vote for an eu-skeptic party to try to push the others in that direction . 
  it 's a sound strategy if you 're more interested in the shape of politics ten or twenty years from now , rather than just the next five years . 
   immigration is discussed all the time in mainstream media and sd are invited to a lot of tv debates nowadays , that there 's `` no debate '' is a right-wing myth that might have been true ten years ago . 
  it was definitely true ten years ago , which is my point . 
  when sd first ran for parliament , there was no debate at all on the subject . 
  the less debate there is on the subject , the easier it is for them to seem like the only party taking that subject seriously . 
  what they were actually saying was irrelevant , because no one else was saying anything at all . 
  that 's the standard defense of someone trying to avoid talking about the fact that they have * no * answers to some questions , though . 
  `` populist '' is an easy insult to throw at people , but it 's really not much of an argument . 
   you mean the time when everyone started complaining about how the eu was involved in so many different aspects of peoples lives , without them having any democratic representation , and so they called for democratizing reform ? 
  maybe people were hoping that the result would be less meddling , rather than greater say in exactly what the eu meddles with ? 
  all the eu-skeptic voting should be a pretty clear message for eu politicians to calm down and back off . 
  the fact that so many uk voters are willing to vote for a party that has promised to * not * vote for or against anything should n't be particularly hard to interpret : they want the eu to * stop doing shit * . 
   are n't they also an anti-eu , anti-immigration , patriotic party ? 
  i think a distinction needs to be made between the anti-immigration parties and the anti-immigrants parties . 
  they rarely get along very well . 
  the way a lot of voters see it , it does n't matter . 
  right now there 's no debate , and the only way to get a debate is to keep pressing the issue until it ca n't be ignored anymore . 
  if a party is n't even willing to discuss something you feel is important - or worse , calls you a bigot for wanting to discuss it at all - you 're not going to vote for that party . 
  the positions of many cities seem to be rather off . 
  malm\u00f6 is located on the south side of the lomma bay , but on this map it has mysteriously migrated 20 km north . 
  karlstad is apparently no longer on the shore of v\u00e4nern . 
  gothenburg and halmstad are no longer coastal towns . 
  falun and \u00d6stersund have been relocated to the middle of nowhere . 
  stockholm is spot on , though , so it 's not a consistent error . 
  it had been common practice for a few thousand years by the time he was even born . 
  nothing new . 
  sure they can . 
  just include a renegotiation clause . 
  either way , the most important thing is that the final draft is put to a vote in parliament . 
   ok , i 've had enough kebab . 
  no such thing as enough kebab . 
  fast food never shot anyone anyway . 
   this might in turn cause incidents like the one that happened today . 
  neo-nazis are n't the only ones spreading anti-semitic rhetoric , so it 's a bit early to place the blame on anyone . 
  it could be far-right , it could be islamist , it could be personal or someone else entirely . 
   muslim organisations are very much anti-semitic so it would not be a stretch to make such an assumption . 
  except that there are plenty of non-muslim organizations who are also anti-semitic and who also have a history of violence . 
  it 's a bit early to start speculating . 
  i think it 's mostly that both extremes are more visible here . 
  center voters also do n't have much to gain from arguing online , since they hold pretty much all actual political power anyway . 
  better , but i 'd probably expand the yellow and skip the blue . 
  the average should probably be in the yellow range , with green denoting `` above average '' and orange/red being below . 
  probably roughly the same voting pattern as the last parliamentary election . 
  most people will just vote for whichever party they agree with most on domestic issues . 
  the same goes for most of the other small countries with low speed limits . 
  the limits on \u00c5land are n't different from the rest of finland as far as i know ; there just are n't any highways on the islands ( you would n't get very far before needing a boat anyway ) . 
  same in sweden .
