   what is the catholic church if not an indoctrination ? 
  depends on whether you ask a catholic or an atheist . 
   what it really is : `` gender and sex are not the same , for the vast majority of people they happen to be the same but for some they 're not . 
  well , it does n't just * happen * to be the same . 
  it 's guided by biology and is evolutionarily `` supposed '' to be the same , but sometimes that does n't happen . 
  better that the pot says it than everyone ignoring it . 
  motivations matter . 
  is he against it because he does n't think women are capable of spirituality or is he against it because he figures that if the traditions are n't broken , do n't fix them ? 
  the latter ends up screwing over women , but not on purpose . 
  probably not . 
  the fact that this sort of happened and got media attention is a win for him . 
  western media making fun of him plays right into his hand . 
  germans ca n't vote for him anyway , so he does n't care what they think . 
  it also does n't matter if millions of turks who were n't going to vote for him regardless think he 's an idiot . 
  as long as it makes `` his '' people support him more , it 's a good move . 
  catastrophic for who ? 
  if the goal is to help yourself rather than the country , seemingly idiotic moves can actually be very clever . 
  i think 90 % of his `` idiot '' image is that he 's just a terrible public speaker . 
  put anyone in front of tv cameras broadcasting to the whole world and they 'd also get a bunch of words and facts wrong . 
  he certainly * also * did some idiotic things , but mostly he just could n't speak in front of a crowd . 
  he 's sort of the opposite of obama . 
  it 's autumn now so it starts with what it currently looks like ? 
   it 's a mental shortcut . 
  but it 's one that does n't work at all here . 
  it 's a shortcut that ** only ** works if everyone already agrees that something is bad . 
  as an argument , all it does is make it look like you do n't have any rational reason for believing what you do . 
  you shoot yourself in the foot every time you use it . 
  this is starting to sound like a pretty sweet deal . 
   why should ' t i try to stop her ? 
  because abortions are only legal early on , and at that point the `` baby '' has the mental development of a carrot . 
  the fetus is technically human , but only in the `` dna analysis would confirm it '' sense , and it 's not recognizable as a baby . 
  it becomes a question of who exactly it is that you 're trying to help and why . 
   arguments used in agitation are simplified ... 
  this is n't simplified - it 's just not an argument at all . 
  it 's about as relevant as saying that the sky is blue and therefore we must get what we want . 
  referring to the year only works if everyone already agrees that one option is some inevitable bright future and the other is a dark past that we should move away from . 
  but the fact that everyone * does n't * agree on that is the whole reason there 's a debate . 
  do n't forget the stylish hats and fancy boots . 
  400 years of okay . 
  there would n't really be any warning they could pass down that would n't have faded into obscure ( and very vague ) doomsday prophecies foretelling 1500 years of horrors , followed by a golden age greater than any that came before . 
  no love for the swedish grenade launcher industry ? 
  you 've got both the [ carl gustaf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carl_gustaf_recoilless_rifle ) and the [ at4 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/at4 ) . 
  states usually do n't get any veto either . 
  most of the time in politics , * no one * has a veto . 
  providing the streams , yes . 
  but watching the streams ? 
  it makes things very awkward considering that you might not know if something is streamed illegally or not when watching it . 
  and if a tv channel were to accidentally broadcast a video clip they do n't have the rights to , millions of people would suddenly be criminals . 
  leaning to de lft , indeed . 
   this is one of those issues where democracy fails . 
  definitely . 
  this is basically people using the law to force their religious beliefs on others . 
  there are certainly those who stand against it in some countries . 
  in sweden ( which is reintroducing conscription ) , a majority is in favor of equal conscription . 
   women live on average 8 years longer than men . 
  depends on where you are . 
  it varies a lot from country to country . 
  in some places , there 's barely any difference . 
  no , but the gun was n't involved until after he was already tied up . 
  it would have played out the same even without the gun . 
  not when you 're tied up . 
  which he was . 
  which you would know if you had read the article . 
  according to the article , yes . 
  it 's mentioned at least twice . 
  not if you 're already tied up . 
  no one is saying that war is peace . 
  everyone agrees that it would be much nicer if everyone could just get along and live in peace and harmony . 
  but it 's quite clear from both history and ongoing events that it 's not going to actually happen . 
  so you go with the lesser evil . 
  would not allowing the guard to carry a gun result in this guy being threatened less ? 
  do you really care if someone is threatening to kill you with a gun or a knife ? 
  if you could go back a month and revoke the rights to carry guns , would any relevant part of this story have played out differently ? 
  would banning the guns actually have helped anyone ? 
  it 's certainly not legal , but the guy was already tied up and they could have threatened him with a knife or whatever . 
  hell , they could have gone to the store to buy a knife to threaten him with . 
  he was n't going anywhere . 
  the gun itself was n't really relevant . 
  maybe he knows arabic ? 
  no , that 's ask an american who will then pretend to be representative of the rest of the world . 
  sometimes they do . 
  seemingly not always , and usually the system is only on for a few months in winter . 
  but you can use them to turn it off completely if you want to freeze . 
  the point is to teach you how to be a soldier . 
  you 'll then be forced to actually * do * something in the event of war . 
  but the service itself is educational . 
  you do n't produce anything or provide any service . 
  they sort of are . 
  parents have to ensure that their kids go to school , and if they do n't then they 'll eventually lose custody . 
  meaning the kid ends up in an orphanage . 
  you could run away , but in the end your options are going to school or living as a homeless fugitive . 
  it 's about the same level of coercion , and in both cases the purpose is to teach you things . 
  elementary schools ? 
  you have to go there , it dominates your life for a decade , and you 're expected to behave and perform or they 'll keep you there even longer . 
  you 'll be expected to learn things , perform basic manual labor , and participate in physical exercise . 
  you show up when they tell you to , eat what they feed you , and go home when they let you . 
  you probably wo n't die , but that goes for military service too . 
  in the event of an invasion , no one is safe . 
   do as i say , or i 'll arrest you and put you in prison !, 
  is n't this pretty much all legislation ever ?
