  and if they do n't , just declare them exdependent and kick them out . 
   there 's a difference though between deep frying chips and deep frying a mars bar . 
  yeah , but it 's not a very good insult when you have to specify that they 're deep friers * of things that probably should n't be deep fried * . 
   meanwhile , people celebrating the catalan independence ... with no official results . 
  going by my experiences with catalonia , they 'll celebrate catalan anything for no particular reason . 
   muslims have significantly more kids per family you are just pushing the problem to happen later . 
  recently immigrated ones do , but it 's not true for all future generations . 
  it 's not some inherent part of the religion . 
  most of them are n't even particularly religious after a generation . 
   i honestly want to hear the europe 's views on what to do . 
  i believe the general consensus here is to just stay the fuck out . 
  nothing we do ever makes things better and just pisses people off , so the most sensible thing to do is nothing . 
  they 're not going to leave us alone in the short term , and that has to be dealt with * in europe * , but in the long term we can hopefully just ignore each other . 
  no matter what we do or do n't do , some europeans will die , many people in the middle east will die , and the region is going to be a mess for at least another century . 
  none of those things are ideal , but nothing short of divine intervention can prevent any of them . 
  and `` indefinitely '' in this case means `` multiple generations '' , not just a decade or two . 
  unless someone is willing to commit to an operation that 's financed until 2115 , it 's just going to make things worse . 
  i think much of it comes down to where he ends up living . 
  if he 's in a neighborhood with 99 % christians , he 'd quickly realize that trying to make it all muslim is n't going to work at all no matter what he does . 
  of course , this does n't always happen . 
  spreading immigrants out throughout a city is often impossible as no private landlords will take them . 
  and tire tracks on mars !, 
  and lander prints on a comet . 
  not sure which of the three is neater . 
  i think this meme is past its peak and should just be forgotten . 
  it 's a silly amount , but it 's still less harsh than prison . 
  given that a brazillion is obviously not an actual number , what gives you the impression that the answer was n't also a joke ? 
   i think this is a form of non-violent protest ? 
  if you could use `` i 'm just protesting non-violently ! '', 
  whenever you got caught breaking the law and get away with it ... you 'd suddenly have an awful lot of spontaneous protests against all manner of things . 
  in fact , you 'd see all other crime suddenly disappear . 
  it 's a fine . 
  that 's pretty low on the scale of things that could have happened . 
  not for wearing a face covering , but for refusing to remove it . 
  if that 's okay , people could run around public buildings in ski masks . 
  and that 's probably not a good idea . 
  why stop there when you can go full alexander ? 
  the giant bronze doors are sort of ominous either way . 
  they wish . 
  which is a good thing , because if you were to play `` the floor is snow '' , there would also be a layer of snow on everything else . 
  as demonstrated by this picture . 
  unless you can cling to vertical surfaces , you lose . 
  except that hitler had an economy to work with . 
  russia is n't doing too well on that front . 
  it 's an altered photograph , or more likely several photographs altered into one . 
  several photos stitched together with computer magic . 
  that 's the magic of digital post-processing . 
  polan did into space back in the soviet days . 
   so it could have been awarded to hitler for example but it would n't mean much ? 
  it would mean nothing beyond the fact that he was the legitimate head of state of a country that sweden wanted good ( or at least civil ) relations with at some point . 
  it 's more of a diplomatic gesture than an actual award . 
  the margin was fairly small , so if the vote only fails by a small margin ,  90 % of voters could still have their mps represent their wishes . 
  the saddest thing is that the comments used to actually be informative very early on . 
  sure , but if you accept that argument then you 'd be a hypocrite not to abolish the entire democratic process while at it . 
  not everything in life is only about money , and whether or not you agree with their priorities does n't matter . 
  they made their choice . 
   the most prestigious order on paper . 
  in practice it 's just a shiny thing to throw at people during state visits . 
  yeah , but that 's the entire list of gases that are harder to contain than hydrogen . 
  so it 's remarkably pretty annoying . 
  finland !, 
  the thing about solar is that if you live up north , it does n't work at all during the time of the year when your energy needs are the highest . 
  you do n't have to go further north than copenhagen to have uselessly short days during the winter . 
  down south where people have air conditioning and do n't need heating just to not freeze to death indoors in the winter , it makes more sense . 
  it 's notoriously leak-prone , yes . 
  it 's not really possible to prevent hydrogen gas from leaking out , as it 's so ridiculously tiny . 
  but as long as you 're just pumping it away to be used immediately , losses should be minimal . 
   from what i can gather , this coexists quite well in some countries . 
  they coexist just fine in sweden . 
  it might help that according to the church of sweden 's calendar , they 're usually about a week apart . 
  all hallows eve according to the swedish church . 
  and not necessarily their own religious reasons . 
  if the deceased was christian , it makes sense to honor them the way they 'd want to be honored , regardless of whether you think it serves any religious purpose . 
   imho thats people 's own responsibility . 
  except that they end up dead on someone else 's property and are n't going to pay to have their own corpses removed . 
   firstly , beauty is highly subjective ... sure , but if you have to use that as an argument you 're pretty much agreeing that the buildings you 're defending are ugly . 
  so ugly that you ca n't even attempt to call them anything else , and have to instead argue that beauty is n't really a thing or is n't important in architecture . 
  but you know full well what answers you 'd get if you asked people . 
  people doing that and getting hurt is supposedly part of why it 's being torn down . 
   make a kickstarter to buy and renovate it . 
  sure . 
  let me know when it reaches $ 30m . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that it was thoroughly emptied of all valuables decades ago . 
  it 's a beautiful building , but it 's not old enough to have any historical value . 
  we could just build a new one like it if we wanted to . 
  there 's no reason to preserve * this particular * building . 
  does n't help with teenagers , as they 're not legally able to agree to any such terms . 
   let the urban explorers die , they knew the risks and made a choice . 
  have fun convincing the rest of society of that . 
   surely , nobody can design anything better than some dude in the 1800s !, 
  the evidence does seem to point that way . 
  it 's all glass boxes , or occasional non-glass boxes , and while the buildings may occasionally be described as `` interesting '' , no one ever calls them `` beautiful '' . 
  the person who designed it just did their job . 
  architects have to draw what the people with money want , or they go out of business . 
  blame whoever decided to spend money on that design . 
  the `` chaotic '' appearance of it also seems faked if you look closely , as if it 's trying to look like an old building that 's been added to a dozen times , but which is really just a normal building with some towers added and one section built one floor higher . 
  everyone else involved in the whole affair . 
  i doubt that indonesia or sudan care either way . 
  [ here 's one ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11152980 ) . 
  there 's a bunch of paywalled articles and popsci stuff , but it really just says the same thing .
