  i believe the iss is bigger than everything that came before put together . 
  that 's how it usually goes , but they wo n't actually reach an agreement until late 2017 , and wo n't actually have a plan for it approved and implemented until summer 2018 , at which point a committee will be appointed to decide whether or not it 's already too late . 
  by spring 2019 they 'll run out of funding without having reached any actual conclusion . 
  then in 2025 someone posts a til post about it . 
  not if there 's a trend of parents choosing not to vaccinate their children against the recommendations of their doctors . 
  just because this rule was n't necessary in the past does n't mean it ca n't be necessary now . 
  sweden ca n't decide and calls it f\u00f6rsvarsmakten . 
  they mean slightly different things , though . 
  * krig * is large scale war , while * strid * is closer to `` combat '' , and * \u00f6rlog * implies that it 's naval . 
  because it 's not the same thing , and -10 \u00b0 c with strong winds feels completely different than -20 \u00b0 c. 
  it 's an entirely different kind of cold . 
  unless you 're worried about dying from exposure , the comparison is meaningless and you 're just using a different number to make it sound more impressive . 
  but was it a lot of snow or just three months of token snow that refused to go away ? 
   when you start getting 50-year storms every 5-10 years , your climate is changing . 
  or your definition of `` 50-year storms '' is bad . 
  these days it seems like any time something does or does n't happen , or any time it 's hot or cold or in between , that 's something proof of climate change . 
   still ... 
  nothing compared to the storm of 1634 . 
  yeah , the winters here around 2011 might have been the coldest on record , but only because the records do n't stretch back far enough to include the winters in the 1600s when the sea froze . 
   a deviation from a rule or from what is regarded as normal . 
  but how do you define that when the norm is that it varies a lot from year to year ? 
  a few years back we had a bunch of really cold winters . 
  then some fairly mild ones . 
  now a warm one . 
  it does n't seem very remarkable . 
  well , ish . 
  it looks more like svealand and g\u00f6taland than sweden and finland . 
  back when norrland was n't a thing ( and the southern half of modern g\u00f6taland was danish ) . 
  if that 's all you learned , you had shitty instructors . 
  it 's not an inherent problem with conscription . 
  in sweden it consisted of learning to use a whole bunch of different weapons , then various exercises out in the woods . 
  much of it was doing routine tasks in lousy weather in terrible terrain , while staying quiet and unseen . 
  basically learning to do things without complaining and learning to solve problems on your own without constantly asking someone for a solution . 
  the most commonly uttered phrase by all officers was * l\u00f6s problemet * - `` solve the problem yourself '' . 
  but do you * actually * have security when the whole thing relies on someone else protecting you ? 
  what happens if the us decides to leave nato ? 
   expected by who ? 
  by the rest of nato . 
   we recently had mandatory conscription reinstated in lithuania , which is a joke meh , it builds character . 
  military training is n't that bad , and if you think it 's that bad then you 'd definitely benefit from the experience . 
   it 's just stupid to restart mandatory army service in 2015 ... people have been saying that for thousands of years , and they always get proven wrong in the end . 
  you do n't get to decide when a war starts and you usually do n't get much warning , so you need to always be prepared for one . 
  a token peacekeeping force that you send around the world wo n't make any difference if there 's a major conflict . 
   it can reach -30 \u00b0 c it can drop far below that in northern sweden . 
  i think the record is close to -50 \u00b0 c. 
  the south is considerably milder , but it can still drop below -25 \u00b0 c even in the southernmost cities . 
  the coldest i can remember was -27 \u00b0 c in 2011 or so . 
  well , it has to be , considering you ca n't actually get a job when you do n't speak the language . 
  the darkness * will * get to you , though . 
   what 's really unfortunate is that , many of those have no idea that the real winter did n't even come in europe . 
  yeah , this is the mildest winter i 've experienced in sweden in at least a decade . 
  we 've barely even had any frost yet in southern sweden , and temperatures have even gone above +10 \u00b0 c this week . 
  five years ago it was -20 \u00b0 c in early january . 
  it 's been raining for about two months down here , and only a few hours of cloud-obscured sun per day . 
  not much better . 
  winter is usually nice , but this year is just depressing . 
  just define all males old enough to hold a gun as `` combatants '' and you 're good . 
  if you go back to the days of the ottoman empire , you could draw turkey with the whole foot over the line , merrily stomping the locals . 
  only parts of argentina . 
  all the islands are arbitrarily excluded . 
  maybe they figure you 'd be okay with the whole thing if the deal includes argentina giving up their claims to ** all ** islands . 
  newfoundland is excluded for being in a weird timezone ( gmt -3 1/2 ) . 
  roc is excluded for having a confusing name and unreasonable territorial claims . 
   but they do n't bend over backwards to speak in english , and why should they ? 
  out of all the european languages , they certainly have the best excuse . 
  i believe spanish has more native speakers than any other language ( though english wins by a lot if you also count people who know it as a second language ) . 
  who needs polls when you have polearms ? 
  or the good old `` paid vacation for select politicians '' kind of cooperation . 
   i do n't know how their romani name came about , but it is something from their language i heard , so it is an unfortunate coincidence . 
  it 's supposedly their own word for themselves . 
  since `` gypsy '' is generally seen as very negative , `` romani '' often gets used as a more neutral term . 
  i think it 's been about fifty years since any party managed to secure a majority in parliament in sweden . 
  half the voters have no memory of it ever happening . 
  the idea of the biggest party not being in government is also pretty unremarkable , as that was the case from 2006 to 2014 . 
  these things sound more dramatic than they are . 
   it takes a while these days to get russian soldiers to more remote locations they did try to address that by investing in french amphibious warfare ships . 
  the timing with crimea just ended up being terrible . 
  it 's not business interests advocating these policies . 
  they tend to be against it . 
  the ones most loudly in favor are left wing politicians who want to compete in who can be the most humanitarian , despite not having any understanding of what would be required to make it work in practice . 
   or a recognition of a problem and an attempt to deal with it ? 
  are you * seriously * attempting to deal with it when it 's voluntary , though ? 
  the people who will actually attend are unlikely to be the people you need to reach to actually make any difference . 
  this seems like a waste of money , just so the people in charge can point at it and say that they 're doing something . 
   refusal to answer should be taken as admission of afghanistan . 
  it would be more fun to randomize it . 
  congratulations , you 're from brazil !, 
   how the germans managed peaks of 5.000 applicants per day is beyond me . 
  if it 's anything like in sweden , the answer is `` they kind of do n't '' . 
  after the refugee centers were full , we started putting up tents . 
  then we ran out of tents . 
  then we started housing them in any unused buildings . 
  then we kind of ran out of those . 
   also , it appears to only be on that one train line . 
  that one train line that crosses the only bridge connecting sweden and continental europe . 
  you could take a ferry , but i guess not many people do . 
   ... but it not like all planes landing at arn will be subject . 
  you need to show id when boarding any flight anyway , so that 's nothing new . 
   they are scary delusional and uninformed . 
  that 's what the left party does .
