  plenty of countries have to do that , but still have nuclear power plants . 
  that site is going to be just as heavily guarded as the plant , if not more so . 
  it 's also pretty much impossible to steal anything anyway , as it comes in giant containers that you ca n't open and ca n't really get take with you . 
   who would even know you moved ? 
  the church kept records . 
  being in charge of baptisms , weddings , and funerals meant they had a very good idea of every person alive or dead and who ( if anyone ) they were married to . 
  they probably would n't care that you moved , but there was a paper trail even in the 18th century . 
   what laws you 're subject to depends on what country you 're in ... 
  it often varied within countries , though . 
  still does . 
  there are things that i could get arrested for here that would be perfectly legal in the next town over , 20 km away . 
  what country you 're in does n't necessarily matter all that much . 
  you could do pretty much the same for north america . 
  even after europeans conquered everything , every place changed hands * at least * once . 
  plastic ones are sort of common in sweden , though everyone puts them in the fridge anyway , which probably defeats the point . 
   ... but even succeeding in putting 1 plant offline ( even for just a few days ) would be a huge success for them . 
  you can achieve that much easier just by blowing up the power lines . 
  nuclear plants are terrible targets , because all the redundant layers of concrete used to keep radiation in makes the buildings absurdly difficult to damage . 
  the only thing you can hit is the distribution , but you could do that much easier a kilometer away . 
  considering that it was the result of a natural disaster bad enough to lay waste to the entire region , any kind of conventional bomb is n't really going to do anything . 
  there 's an awful lot of concrete in a nuclear power plant , and you 'd need an awful lot of explosives in just the right places to achieve anything at all . 
  i 've never seen that shortened to mm/dd outside of the us , though . 
  sweden arbitrarily alternates between yyyymmdd and dd/mm/yyyy , but if the year is skipped then it 's ** always ** dd/mm . 
   i think that short of full on genocide this is n't a war that can be won by force . 
  aside from isolationism , other approaches have n't had much success either . 
  kindness and tolerance has only resulted in * more * attacks . 
  to someone who is already mistrustful , it just comes across as either weak or patronizing . 
  anyone who buys it probably did n't need to buy it . 
  the whole thing only makes sense if you were already `` convinced '' long before seeing the video . 
  it 's not exactly a polite or nice thing to do . 
  it * not * being polite or nice is pretty much the only reason anyone would ever do it . 
   what year is it ? 
  current year , i believe . 
  speaking of stupid things that just wo n't die ... 
  freelancers might have some trouble with that , and there 's nothing to say that isis could n't just fake the journalism angle . 
   still if you 're a careful driver the chance is way smaller than the bullshit average that people often use , it does n't make any sense . 
  traffic is still far more dangerous than terrorism even if you do n't own a car . 
  you 're still a hundred times more likely to be hit by some random drunk driver than to be a victim of any kind of terrorism attack . 
  you 're more likely to die from * food poisoning * than terrorism . 
  or skin cancer from sunburns . 
  or lung cancer from air pollution , or whatever . 
  none of which you can really do much about . 
  the point being that the only reason anyone cares so much about terrorism is because incidents make for great stories in the media . 
  same as with airplane crashes . 
  do n't forget about radical environmentalists , animal rights activists , anarchists , and others who like to attack or threaten people and destroy things . 
  some of them use methods that are indistinguishable from terrorism . 
   i have never heard about a christian radical group that bombed people ( at least in europe in last 30 years ) . 
  well , there 's northern ireland ... 
   anarchists are impotent in thought and act . 
  it kind of follows from the ideology . 
  when the basic premise is a lack of organization , you end up with a disorganized mess . 
  or at least attach a grip on one side and use it as a shield . 
  or anything that can be bartered for . 
  if things got really bad , people would just go back to coins made of precious metals . 
  you do n't need any government approval to make and trade with those , and it 's not something that could really be legislated against . 
  people would just start doing the same thing using less coin-like shapes , like rings , and it would be quite difficult for a government to enforce a ban on gold rings just to combat drug trafficking . 
   if you read that about a country ( 55 no go zones ) , without seeing it 's name , you would not be far stretched at all to think it a failed state . 
  i 'd be more concerned about the fact that there are supposedly 55 no go zones , but on one can actually name them . 
  somehow it 's widely accepted that there are place in sweden where the police does n't go , but for some reason no one knows what those places are . 
  must make life very confusing for the police . 
  private security . 
  in sweden you see far more corporate security guards around town than you see police officers . 
  cities also sometimes have uniformed non-police security on patrol , who are pretty much police officers in all but name , for legal reasons . 
   seems like everything is going swimmingly there . 
  there 's a lot of nuance between `` it 's great '' and `` you need a large police escort to go there '' . 
  there are no mogadishus in sweden , though there are certainly areas that you might take a detour around late at night . 
  but not only do the police go there ; some of the supposed `` no go zones '' even have police stations located there . 
   reminder that there are 55 islamic no go zones in sweden , where police , ambulances and firetrucks ca n't go without large armed escorts . 
  i 'd buy that there are 55 areas where they might briefly consider maybe bringing police and then going ` meh ' , but that 's about it . 
  but feel free to provide a list of these 55 places if you want . 
  nonsense . 
  it 's the world 's largest domino set . 
  it 's so big , they had to assemble it in orbit . 
  as opposed to the ... dutch alps ? 
  in more than one sense . 
  it 's a new trend . 
  you probably have n't heard of it . 
  sweden has a lot of district heating , which would n't be included in the statistics . 
  a lot of homes are heated by centrally burning garbage or suitable industrial waste ( like from sawmills , which sweden has plenty of ) . 
  i believe the same goes for many other cold countries . 
  check the roofs . 
  they 've pretty much all collapsed . 
  it 's especially notable for the big terminal building . 
  the shadow of the building to the right of it also makes it quite clear how there 's little more than ruins left . 
  consider that you 're not using your own car , so that cost is n't a concern . 
  unless it 's a new group . 
  unlikely , but possible . 
  intervening or not intervening in syria does n't change much in that regard . 
  syria 's pre-war population was n't even close to big enough to make any difference . 
  so syrian refugees alone ca n't destabilize anything , and you do n't need a syrian civil war for refugees to keep coming from other places . 
  the long term depends on how cooperative he is . 
   you 're talking as if ending the war was something that could be done easily ... 
  when you 're ( arguably ) a superpower , it 's mostly a question of how many civilian casualties you 're okay with . 
  it 's much easier if you 're willing to burn and bomb everything until there 's nothing left to fight over and no way to get enough supplies in even if you wanted to . 
  they want to make sure their puppet still has a reason to do as he 's told . 
  as long as the civil war continues , he has to do what russia says . 
  no one is saying that stalin was a good guy . 
  just that he did n't start or even want wwii . 
  or at least he would have much preferred it to not start until some time around 1945-1950 . 
   very surprising move .
