  / r/murica is a joke , just like / r/yurop . 
  they 're not representative of either continent . 
  well , not with nuclear bombs . 
  tokyo had already been basically wiped out by conventional firebombs , which actually killed more people than the nuclear bombs did . 
  the atomic bombs mainly had psychological value ( though much more effective nukes have been developed since ) . 
   actually , the end of the begining was el allamein ... el alamein was the first major setback that the german faced , but it was in north africa and is n't really relevant when talking about the easter front . 
  stalingrad is where the germans stopped dominating on the eastern front . 
  kursk is where the soviets started dominating . 
   i miss decent ww2 games . 
  it was fun for a while , but seeing the exact same guns , planes and vehicles in every game was pretty boring . 
  especially when every game also did the same battles , so you even had similar map with identical names ( hello again , midway ) . 
   both them and the british were perfectly content to let hitler do whatever he wants as long as he was advancing towards the east and the soviet border . 
  except for the part where they declared war on germany specifically because of hitler 's invasion of poland ? 
  they had n't mobilized enough to actually assist poland militarily , but the british and france certainly cared enough to start wwii over it . 
  it is when you put it to use . 
  like above , it says `` 97 % of the country '' , but what does that mean ? 
  97 % of the population , of the land area , of the gdp , of the political power ? 
  i consider turkey to be european . 
  i 'm just saying that there are a lot of people who do n't , for seemingly rather arbitrary reasons , and who will inevitably whine anytime anything turkish is posted . 
   when someone 's life is in immediate danger , being stranded in the middle of the sea without water on an overloaded sinking vessel , it 's your moral and legal duty , if you can , to help . 
  i think it stops being that simple when people start to take advantage of your moral convictions and place themselves in mortal danger on purpose just so you 'll be forced to rescue them . 
  the crews must have known the boats were n't seaworthy , but launching them was profitable despite the risk . 
  parts of it , yes . 
  other parts of it , no . 
  for some reason , people are overly sensitive to anything happening east of the bosporus . 
  that line is pretty fuzzy . 
  someone might be involved in organized crime without it being a full-time profession . 
  you can get something cheese-like here for that , but you 'll have to add another 50 % if you want it to taste of anything other than generic cheese flavor ( tm ) . 
  and double or more if you want a cheese that 's actually * good * ( like v\u00e4sterbottenost ) . 
  depends on how you land . 
  if you fall backwards over a battlement , both can hit the ground head first . 
  right now , joining the emu is pretty much the exact opposite of a good idea for sweden . 
  ask again in five to ten years . 
  they 're not in sweden , so that makes sense . 
  do macedonians have such protections ? 
  and if they try to rush ? 
  do you gun down a thousand unarmed people with machine guns ? 
  they 're also much closer , so the trip will be cheaper and easier . 
  syrians can walk into turkey then continue from there . 
  for people in afghanistan and africa , it 's a long trip before you can even get that far . 
  or once they had been in safety for a while , they started to aim higher than just survival . 
  four or five stories . 
  it 's pretty high , and if there are rocks below then it 's very bad news . 
  marry ? 
  yes . 
  procreate ? 
  not so much . 
  that should probably be in the chart somewhere . 
  still different . 
  some people have very extreme views on how to enforce border controls , but that does n't mean they 're in favor of exterminating foreigners in general . 
  like it or not , but those refugees are breaking the law . 
  even among the openly racist , most of them would still prefer if other ethnicities simply lived somewhere else . 
  hell , our entire economic system is based on doing this to each other . 
  supply and demand . 
  it would be unfair if refugees were n't included . 
  nah , let 's bring them somewhere else instead with absolutely no plan about what happens to them next . 
  ah , yes , the credible source strikes again with yet another insightful article based on serious journalistic research . 
  you mean the germans ' camp ? 
  and that 's why they have an export industry and you do n't . 
  i think technically all internal combustion engines are hot air engines . 
  it 's not gasoline driving a car forward ; it 's the gas/smoke created by burning it . 
  that 's not really news , though . 
  that 's pretty normal . 
  it 's probably also fueled by the fact that the value of the currency has plummeted . 
  but that 's not really news either . 
   the grenade attacks are biker gang wars most are n't even that . 
  some of them are n't even targeting anything or anyone , seemingly just some bored people with too much money and not enough to do wanting to see what happens . 
  scanian here , disagreeing . 
  i 'm sure we can find people from halland and blekinge too . 
   well he owned an assault rifle . 
  and if they had known about that , he would have been in jail for illegal possession of that firearm . 
  but it probably was n't as if he had an assault rifle on a wall in his apartment for years . 
  he probably got it and then more or less immediately put it to use . 
   the christmas and easter celebrations are pretty much their own modern traditions which emerged in the 20th century and have very little to do with the christian faith beyond the date on which they take place . 
  traditions vary depending on where you are . 
  there are plenty of christmas traditions that are * very * old . 
  food in particular . 
  digging up 18000 cavalrymen to repeat the feat from last time might prove difficult . 
  only if no one ever tries to go through . 
  any mine that detonates is a mine that has to be replaced , or you 're going to end up with cleared lanes through the most accessible parts . 
  because people * will * gamble on getting lucky . 
  in my experience , the key is how people define `` afford '' . 
  some people spend basically all the money they have on their cars . 
  most people do n't . 
  that means the car enthusiasts will have disproportionately fancy cars , frequently having more expensive cars than people who make far more money than them . 
  the downside is that when it comes to anything other than those cars , they 're broke . 
  staying wherever they are is always an option , even if it may not be a very appealing one . 
  if trying to go to europe has no realistic chance in you actually getting into europe , that stops being an option . 
   why does n't greece stop them or turkey ? 
  this is crazy . 
  if thousands of migrants came on boats in the caribbean sea to florida , the coast guard stop them . 
  the caribbean is big , so it 's a long distance to cross without much land nearby . 
  greece has short distances with plenty of islands to hide on or behind . 
  one is like catching someone running over an open field , while the other is like catching someone running through a forest . 
  nothing is ever stupid enough to work in real life . 
  real life stupidity far surpasses any stupidity anyone could ever make up . 
   i do n't think the ddr should be used as a model for anything . 
  it 's not a model of what you * want to * do , but it 's an example of what you * can * do if you really want to . 
  it shows that you * can * stop the immigrants , and that the only reason they 're getting through is because people prioritize morality over efficiency . 
  that 's not necessarily a bad way to prioritize , but it 's important to be aware of the distinction .
