  if you enjoy both drinking beers and lifting weights , the entire december-january part of the year sucks . 
   then you use economic means to crush it . 
  that 's what most people are saying . 
  this can be resolved without sending troops to ukraine . 
  getting directly involved in that conflict just causes trouble without solving anything . 
  if that 's a condition for them joining nato , maybe ? 
  it would be rather idiotic of the rest of nato to accept ukraine as a new member while that dispute is ongoing . 
  i assumed it was a predicted picture of the netherlands in 2045 . 
  sounds like denmark . 
  if you multiply the fraction living in a place they 'd want to leave with the fraction of those people willing to actually leave their homes behind with the fraction of those people who can afford to actually do so , you 're going to get a much lower percentage . 
  even 1 % of a billion is still ten million people , but it 's considerably less shocking . 
  it 's a number that could * in theory * be assimilated . 
  i think both germany and france qualify . 
  or at least both did at some point . 
   yup , they have always and forever will be ; rip offs . 
  they looked to be going in the right direction around 2002 or so . 
  for a while the average price of a miniature was actually going down , while the rules were steadily improved . 
  does n't look like they stayed on that course , though . 
  judging by how rome 2 was on release , i 'd definitely wait a bit and see . 
  i think some of the major issues with r2 ( like how coastal battles are completely broken with large armies ) still have n't been fixed . 
  when one of the main features that was shown off before release did n't actually work past the first few hours of playing , there 's cause for serious concern . 
  not in swedish , but possibly in norwegian or danish . 
  you do n't really ever find * ejl * in swedish words unless they 're borrowed from english and it replaces * ail * . 
   woud n't it in interest of other car manufacturers to besmirch their indirect competitor ? 
  sure , but spending a lot of money reverse engineering something in the hope that there * might * be something wrong that you * might * be able to turn into a major scandal just is n't a good investment . 
  especially not if you 're not making any similar car anyway and ca n't grab any market shares . 
  or at least photoshop some pictures of them doing it . 
  by merit of the old `` i have no idea so i made something up '' methodology . 
  not just the world , but the entire metacosmos !, 
  it 's not a ban if no one is forcing them to do it . 
  they probably do n't serve kangaroo meat either , but that does n't mean kangaroo is banned . 
  choosing not to do something and being banned from doing it are * very * different things . 
   it seems like the rational way of going to a country and adjusting to the lifestyle and culture there does not exist anymore . 
  it does for the majority . 
  this is the administration being overly sensitive to what they think might offend other people , not immigrants demanding that other people adapt . 
  the story is about political correctness gone nuts , not immigrants . 
  it 's not banned . 
  just not served , as it 's impractical when most children do n't eat it . 
   and even scarier thing is that due to climate finnish girls most of the time are dressed `` decently '' . 
  coats are a thing . 
  just because you need a lot of clothing outside does n't mean you need to wear all of it inside . 
  it 's also not that cold in september . 
  sure , but it 's not the refugees ' fault . 
  it 's just people being overly sensitive about what someone else might hypothetically be offended by . 
  this is a story about political correctness gone crazy , not refugees being sexist . 
  blame the leftists , not the immigrants . 
  if they 're in school , they 're probably all legal . 
  they certainly did n't get there legally ( not really possible with finland ) , but if they did get asylum then they now live there in accordance with the law . 
  it probably depends on what you 're reading . 
  [ this ] ( http://images-5.svd-cdn.se/images/c701262d-aa17-4fb1-a1e7-5cf0d6858f38?w=702&amp;h=395&amp;fit=crop&amp;q=60 ) is from svd 's front page today . 
  it 's not all like that , but it 's certainly not proportional to the statistics . 
  which is n't surprising , as those pictures probably get more readers for the articles . 
   well , to start with , you got ta know where not to go in stockholm and you got ta really avoid malm\u00f6 . 
  not going to the wrong places in stockholm is pretty trivial , as it 's hard to accidentally get on a train to a remote suburb . 
  in malm\u00f6 it can be a bit trickier to figure out which areas to avoid until you stumble into them , but most of the city is fine . 
  the news stories about shootings and grenades are from the same few areas . 
  just do n't go there . 
  i 'd say the return fire in europe is a lot worse than in syria . 
  the main advantage of leaving syria is that you get to shoot first , but once you actually do something you 'll usually get taken out within an hour or two . 
   i do n't get why that 's considered his area of expertise . 
  i do n't know what his particular expertise is in , but i would think that a degree in ( and experience with ) international economics might be very relevant to both . 
  probably because people in the us consider being monolingual the norm , while in most of europe the norm is to be fluent in two or more and have at least a basic grasp of one or more beyond that . 
  it 's bound to lead to very different perspectives when it comes to languages . 
  learning a new language is seen as entirely unremarkable in europe , and asking someone to do it is n't seen as a big deal . 
  you 're not allowed to say that either . 
  that 's racist-talk . 
  you 're not allowed to defend something that has been labeled racist . 
   schwarz means black , now remember what arnold 's surname is schwarzen-egger . 
  black harrower . 
  presumably a farming-related name . 
   ... but in most cases people just adopted their patronymic surname of the time . 
  and the rest of the time they made something up by combining two random nature-related words into a name that sounded nice , even if the final meaning was nonsensical . 
  names like forsberg ( rapids mountain ) , dalberg ( valley mountain ) , etc. 
  you 're not allowed to have that opinion . 
  the other leftists will call you a racist . 
  it 's not exactly recently arrived immigrants throwing the grenades . 
  it 's organized crime groups doing it , and they were shooting at each other with grenade launchers in the 1990s . 
  in a way , this is an improvement . 
  people love to idealize pre-immigration sweden as some kind of law-abiding paradise , but it never was . 
  grenades are much less bad than movies would have you believe , though . 
  the effective range is quite short , which is an essential feature for a weapon that you have to be able to throw far enough that it does n't kill you . 
  i 'd be far more worried about home made bombs than hand grenades . 
  and not really anything since . 
  the whole thing was basically caused by an idiotic legal technically that made it legal to import grenades if you had a pyrotechnics license . 
  there are still requirements for storing and transporting them safely , though , so the police can arrest you for that once they 're inside the country . 
  the law will probably be changed before the end of the year to classify grenades as weapons rather than explosives , which would end the whole thing as you 'd need a special license ( which only the military would get ) . 
  it 's not exactly swedish or finnish either . 
  the town kept changing hands between sweden and russia since its founding , and neither can really lay claim to having founded it as the place has been settled for a * very * long time . 
   sending men and equipment in substantial numbers to greece and bulgaria would be a start . 
  to do what ? 
  if countries ca n't agree on what should be done , starting to do * something * would just mean throwing away money at nothing in particular , with no results to show for it . 
  i think they already tried that in paris , but i guess they got the wrong office ? 
  there 's also all the people who are from some other place that makes them eligible for refugee status . 
  syria may be the conflict currently getting the most attention , but it 's hardly the only ongoing civil war . 
  i think half the people voting are assuming it 's sarcasm , while the other half take it seriously . 
  it 's the kind of thing many people * would * say , though perhaps not in / r/europe . 
  if there was such a conflict , there may not be anywhere to flee to that would welcome people they 'd brand as deserters . 
   forced conscription of any gender is illegal in bulgaria and in most of europe . 
  only because there 's been peace for a while . 
  if there was a major war at home , that would change quickly .
