   u cant prosecute foreigners for breaking the laws of your country when they are abroad ... sure you can . 
  their home country wo n't be happy about it , but you still can if you want to . 
  and if you do n't mind worsened diplomatic relations ( or if that was the goal ) , that person is pretty much fucked . 
   hey germany can you spare some money ? 
  you know , solidarity and shit . 
  just go there and say you 're syrian . 
  they 'll kick you out for lying eventually , but it 'll be nice while it lasts . 
  any company that signed such a contract may find themselves bankrupt * very * quickly if things go poorly . 
  we tried to , but a group of germans showed up and destroyed it in 1989 . 
   you ca n't imprison somebody for what he did in other country if it was legal there . 
  law does n't work this way . 
  you can if you really want to . 
  no one is going to stop you . 
  there are things which you 'll be prosecuted for even if you do it outside of the country . 
  at least in sweden , i believe this is actually one such thing . 
  or send them to england , where state sponsored pedophilia is has a long tradition . 
   are there any ` success stories ' in norway from a migrant arriving , getting a job , learning the language and living the norwegian dream ? 
  tons of people came from the balkans during the war , and mostly integrated just fine . 
  it 's hard to really say about more recent arrivals , as it takes years to learn the language and get established . 
   even if he was involuntarily married , he could have waited for her to be older . 
  well , we do n't actually know that . 
  without knowing * anything * about the situation other than how old they are , it 's a bit hasty to declare anyone a criminal . 
   perhaps `` they should be allowed to stay together if they want to . '', 
  that 's hard to say with an 11 year old . 
  we do n't trust them to make important decisions about anything else until they 're 18 , so why would they suddenly be qualified to make this decision ? 
  there 's an enormous amount of logging going on in sweden . 
  you see logging trucks , piles of logs awaiting transport , and cargo trains hauling wagon after wagon of logs all the time . 
  but the forestry business is all about long-term investments , so they plant more than they harvest . 
  no one invests in logging for quick cash , but it 's a ** huge ** business . 
  you can pretty clearly see which regions of sweden have any significant populations . 
  it has n't really changed in the past few thousand years . 
  the changes in greenness are limited to the less habitable areas . 
   have there been any undercover reports on this issue ? 
  there have . 
  they found pretty much what 's being reported . 
   i mean not wearing a little skullcap out of fear of drawing a violent reaction ? 
  this is like , syria-tier of intolerance . 
  no , that 's actually not that rare , and i know a jewish guy who does exactly that . 
  the chances of anything actually violent happening are slim , but you 'll have an overall better experience if you do n't wear one in public . 
   you do not want to see what the lowest forms of american musical performers are like . 
  but we do !, 
  we expect at least one mechanical bull per performance , preferably with a stars-and-stripes themed saddle . 
  depends on what you mean by `` non-combatant '' . 
  pretty much everyone risks getting shot at , but people like radar operators , truck drivers , medics , cooks , towing squads , command staff , mechanics , technicians , etc. 
  are generally kept out of harms way as much as possible . 
   this is purely symbolic , and wo n't matter seeing as conscription has been suspended for some time now . 
  it might become relevant again in twenty years . 
  times change , and not always for the better . 
  it 's better to get this debate over with now than to have it then . 
   in 2009 , polls were probably bullshit , the liberal party of moldova has always been pro-unification and they had more than 4 % . 
  people might have agreed with them on other issues and figured it was n't going to happen anyway . 
  if you break the law , you 're no longer just an asshole , but a criminal . 
   i highly doubt the us would get into a nuclear war with russia over any european country , whereas us and france would be more likely to . 
  i would n't be so sure about either of those . 
  it depends on how wary the us is of salami tactics , and how willing france and the uk are to risk a nuclear war at home . 
  greece * and * turkey . 
  even if cyprus does n't want to , it 'll inevitably be dragged into any war in the mediterranean that nato is involved in . 
   it 's not just about defending ourselves , but stabilizing your own backyard , like syria , for example . 
  if anyone actually wanted to commit to stabilizing syria , we 'd do so in cooperation with turkey , making logistics relatively simple . 
  for anything further away , we 'd probably achieve more stability by just ignoring the problem . 
   it does n't change the fact that our `` allies '' view us as antagonists ... that 's just the loud minority . 
  most people here basically see the us and canada as european countries that happen to be located far away . 
  the same goes for israel , australia , and nz . 
  australia even got to participate in last year 's eurovision . 
  and their past further back . 
  it 's not really a very good location , strategically . 
  but that 's exactly the problem . 
  people act based on short-term feelings of compassion and empathy , rather than any long-term desire to actually help . 
  it 's short sighted , it 's irrational , and it 's very open to manipulation , as evidenced by the number of beggars with ( poorly ) faked handicaps . 
  if scandinavians can get over a thousand years of warfare and genocide , so can they . 
  they knew it all along , and various people have said so . 
  it just took several years before the media climate changed enough that a prominent politician could say it without being crucified by the press . 
  people point it out all the time , but as long as most people care more about a crying face that they can see than ten faces they ca n't see , most charity is going to continue to be an inefficient waste of money . 
  the police * did * investigate it . 
  their finding was that the begging is indeed organized , but that the money is shared evenly enough that no one can be said to be taking advantage of anyone else . 
  someone is at the top , but they 're not getting any richer than the people sitting in the street are , and so there 's no case . 
  begging is legal , and there 's no law against organizing it . 
  it 's definitely shady , but not illegal . 
  the only thing that can really be done about it is probably to try to get them for not paying taxes . 
   you realize it has a lot more speakers than sami , right ? 
  sure , but no one cares about sami either . 
  it just gets included because it 's interesting how it 's unrelated to anything else . 
  but there are n't really any native speakers . 
   not to mention things like elfdalian or \u00d6verkalixm\u00e5l , which most swedes have no problem with recognizing . 
  most ? 
  no one except possibly a handful of linguists recognizes those as languages . 
  some people living there love to claim that it 's a language , but the arguments rarely amounts to much more than `` would n't it be cool if ? '', 
  and that it might be good for tourism somehow . 
  whether or not it 's mutually intelligible with swedish is a meaningless point , as there are hundreds of rural dialects that are utterly incomprehensible to anyone not from there . 
  it existing does n't mean it belongs on a map , though . 
   a little tolerance for minority languages would go a long way . 
  tolerating is one thing . 
  thinking it 's important enough to deserve a spot on a map is another . 
  if you accept non-native languages with that few speakers , you might as well include klingon , esperanto , and quenya . 
  i think the us one is almost remarkably bland . 
  not really any personality to it . 
  the russian anthem is definitely one of the better ones , though . 
  most of them just have darker eyes and hair . 
  that 's not going to get you past the fact that no one can understand what you 're saying . 
  that does n't really help immigrants from afghanistan , syria , or libya .
