  i think every armed conflict between the norwegians and brits has started with the norwegians coming over and stealing stuff , and ended with them coming home richer . 
  not much to be upset about from the norwegian point of view . 
  how many swedish muslims have you ever actually met ? 
   the problem is , the koran and islam in general are not moderate . 
  the bible is n't very moderate either . 
  the secret is to not pay too much attention to what it says , and focus more on the general message it 's trying to convey . 
   just look how they live in the real islamic world , and how moderate and liberal those countries are . 
  you could make the same argument about christianity and say that christian swedes could start molesting altar boys or burning down abortion clinics any day now . 
  optimism , i guess ? 
  most jobs that involve any kind of contact with customers will pretty much require that you know swedish ** and ** english . 
  because most other people applying for that job can , and commonly spoken languages are useful skills . 
  well , i 'd say it 's arguably a pretty dumb idea even if they did get jobs . 
  `` they 'll work and we 'll be richer ! '', 
  is not a questionable reason for accepting lots of immigrants . 
   especially , i would like to know if relationships between muslims and native white swedish do exists . 
  between second generation muslims and swedes , definitely . 
  between recent migrants and swedes ? 
  i 've never heard about it happening . 
   more effective method not for producing an actual second generation . 
  definitely not for producing one that shares any of the fathers ' cultural values . 
  if anything , they 'd be the most immigrant-hating kids ever . 
   what percent of moderate muslims support the `` seperate but equal '' pool hours ? 
  none of the ones i 've met , but there 's a lot of sampling bias to that as i have no idea what the ones who have n't learned swedish think . 
  it 'll probably be really boring to watch . 
  rather little will happen very slowly , and it 'll be at least fifty years before anyone really knows how well ( or , more likely , poorly ) it turned out . 
  so far very little has actually happened , despite the fact that people outside of sweden and gemany seem to really like telling themselves that there 's some jihadi civil war going on . 
   currently we have 19.000 accepted refugees without work and 4.700 with a job . 
  that does n't really say much without looking at the total number , assuming there are different requirements for getting a work permit . 
  this is one of those cases where doing more to get them working results in worse numbers for employment , as you 're pushing more people from `` not allowed to apply '' to `` can apply but probably wo n't get it '' . 
   it only becomes a problem with islam ... 
  it 's only an issue with certain groups with islam . 
  most are just as secular as swedish christians , and the only rule that anyone actually seems to care about is not eating pork , but it 's treated about the same way most modern christians treat christmas - traditions are followed but no one really cares about the theological reasons for it . 
   how the fuck is a good investment money wise ? 
  i do n't think anyone actually * believes * that , but since no one can present any actual numbers until it 's too late , it 's easy to convince yourself that it 's a good argument . 
  there 's no shortage of construction workers or investment money . 
  there 's just no land you can build on without having to fight a ten year court battle over some old tree or whatever first . 
  that 's why the only things that get built are projects that local politicians can brag about , typically oversized office buildings , malls , and very expensive apartments that no one wants . 
   it is very hard to get a job if you do n't at least have a high school degree in sweden , that is true of native swedes as well . 
  and if you do n't speak swedish , that goes from `` very hard '' to `` almost impossible '' unless you 've got connections , even with a degree . 
  if you do n't speak swedish or english , it goes to `` utterly impossible '' even if you 've got a whole pile of doctorates . 
  your only chance is that someone you know gives you a service job as a favor . 
   they will have children ... not these ones . 
  the article is about how they 're mostly men . 
   burn papers , claim you 're from syria ... ... aaaand now you get sent `` back '' to syria , because we have a legally binding paper here where you say that 's where you 're from . 
   syrian government would n't take them tho . 
  they probably would if you paid them , knowing they wo n't stay in syria anyway . 
  cheaper than keeping people . 
   if they tell you where they came from . 
  they had to claim * something * when applying for asylum . 
   i think you 're overestimating the ability/will to deport people . 
  i think the will is bound to go up the more trouble deported people cause , rather than people becoming inclined to let people stay because they 'll stab you if you wo n't let them . 
   you guys invited them in , screamed `` refugees welcome '' of the top of your lungs . 
  a very , very small ( but loud ) minority screamed `` refugees welcome '' . 
  i think you severely overestimate the enthusiasm of the average swede in that regard . 
   do n't you think they might find you , i do n't know ... xenophobic ? 
  give it a few more years and no one will care . 
  if you could somehow show the current government 's immigration policies to that same government when it was elected two years ago , they 'd call themselves racists . 
   if you allowed polititians to do as they pelased , its your fault , not theirs . 
  sure , but you can say that about any country and it 's not very useful . 
  there 's a difference between what can theoretically be done and what 's realistically achievable any time soon . 
  things * are * changing , slowly . 
  they have lots and lots of trains , but they use them to transport cargo . 
  something that europe is embarrassingly bad at in comparison . 
  and we ca n't even blame it on using ships instead ; we just * really * like transporting stuff in trucks - about as much as americans like not sitting on trains . 
  not really . 
  as long as they do n't have citizenships - and they do n't and wo n't - you can send them back home any time . 
  it 's just a matter of how badly you want to get rid of them . 
  they mostly seemed to have been pandering to journalists , who they could rely on to be equally biased about reporting the outcome of those policies . 
  if most journalists lean very heavily toward certain parties compared to the population in general , doing what journalists like can produce better results than doing what voters like . 
   so the tourists will go to those cheaper parts . 
  except that they usually do n't . 
  in pretty much any city with a lot of tourism you can go a block or two off the beaten path and find better food for half the price . 
  but those places are still not as crowded as the tourist places , because tourists are gon na tourist . 
   especially after they get citizenship in a few years ... 
  assuming that 's still a possibility in a few years . 
  things have started to change on that front since the last elections , and there 's a new election in 2018 that 's pretty much guaranteed to result in a less immigration-friendly government no matter who wins ( theoretically you could get a government like the last one if v+mp get more than 50 % of the votes together , but there 's 0.0 % chance of that ever happening ) . 
  she was from tumblr and even * she * could n't figure out how it could possibly work . 
  that says a lot . 
  they did n't have to care . 
  as long as no one who disagreed had a realistic chance of entering parliament , what voters thought was irrelevant . 
  and when a party that did disagree entered parliament , both the right and left wings decided to cooperate in making sure they never had a say in anything . 
  which worked fine until the next election , when they got even more votes . 
  and now suddenly parties are starting to gradually change their immigration policies . 
  when the 2018 elections come around , you might see parties competing to be the most anti-immigration instead . 
  important to the insects and birds . 
  not important to the trees . 
  they 'd be much better off if they were immortal . 
  the locals tend to not go to the same places as the tourists anyway . 
  we 'll settle for blaming the politicians responsible . 
  for a very long time there was n't any other policies to vote for . 
  every party agreed to disagree with the voters . 
  it 's getting better , but very slowly . 
  they 're basically non-existent . 
  even relationships are basically unheard of . 
  when you do n't speak the same language and do n't really have any shared experiences , you unsurprisingly do n't have much in common either . 
  not that you 'd ever actually meet anyway . 
  it did n't surprise anyone in sweden either . 
  just journalists who did n't know what else to write and made something up . 
  i do n't think swedes need help to become alcoholics . 
   our tourism industry is a big scam .
