  it 's the more expensive departments that will suffer the worst , like science and medicine . 
   people are mostly stupid and easily controlled people are mostly just overly emotional and short-sighted . 
  politics require you to be more cynical if you want results . 
  your motives do n't have to be cynical , but your methods probably should be . 
   it may be a solution for germany but it 's not really a solution for eu as a whole , especially for greece and italy . 
  well , the reason there are so many coming is because they can get north . 
  if they ca n't get past the mediterranean countries , they 'll stop coming , and the ones who already came over will eventually be deported . 
  it 's not a * good * solution , but when all other proposed solutions consist of hoping the problem goes away on its own , it 's starting to look like the * best * solution . 
   more labor means higher profits which means more money from me . 
  assuming the labor is skilled . 
  unskilled labor is n't cost efficient . 
  that 's why so much industry has been automated or outsourced to third world countries . 
  more labor is only good if you 're allowed to keep them in slavery-like conditions , which is definitely not the case here . 
   no army of spqr back then was allowed to cross the northen river into italy proper ... and yet they did anyway . 
  the phrase `` crossing the rubicon '' still exists two thousand years later , and not in reference to something you * do n't * do . 
  well , that 's hardly unexpected . 
  the leftists usually want the refugees to have everything except an apartment in their own neighborhood . 
  it finally sank into the sea , where it shall lie unmourned . 
  you could do the job digitally . 
  might take some time if you do n't have a ready-made solution , but it 's just a matter of matching coordinates and summing up data . 
  then hop into paint , match the data to brightness values , and color things . 
  it 's not difficult . 
  just time consuming . 
  judging by this map , you 're very qualified for the position . 
  welcome . 
  same with iceland , but i assume they 're used to not being on any maps . 
  i think it 's the one where you take something that 's irrelevant to the discussion but phrase it as if it is relevant , leaving people confused . 
   studies by hans rosling show that population has a limit on earth . 
  it all comes down to what kind of standard of living you 're okay with . 
  we could easily build taller apartment buildings and grow far more food , but it comes at a price . 
   not just uppsala but all of sweden tbh . 
  the south is much more relaxed . 
  no one really cares in lund . 
  few people actually partake , but i 've never met anyone who cared . 
  in malm\u00f6 you can pretty much buy it openly in the street . 
  depends on your age . 
  weed is worse if you 're under ~ 20 . 
  alcohol is worse if you 're over . 
  assuming a somewhat heavy use of alcohol , as it has the rather unique property of being completely harmless in small doses ( unless you 're pregnant ) as we have an enzymatic mechanism specifically to deal with it safely . 
  firefox works for me . 
  both looking through the thumbnail gallery and opening the full size versions . 
  add an - i at the end to make it a plural noun , and you 've got yourself a conspiracy going . 
  it was supposed to say east , yes . 
  you wo n't find too many varangian guards in rome . 
  i think the most interesting part about that is how everyone else who was killed has been pretty much forgotten . 
  everyone knows about the jews , but no one ever mentions the nazis killing handicapped people , homosexuals , political dissidents , other `` antisocial '' people , russian pows , and a whole list of unwanted ethnicities . 
  they still need about 400 kg glitter to get it to work , preferably glued to various people on stage . 
  the only time russia has won was in 2008 , so clearly that approach did n't work out very well . 
  it 's all about the points . 
  a couple of twelves for that song and we might have had nuclear winter right now . 
  we should do that regardless . 
  it 's kind of about the battle , but only in a metaphorical sense . 
  to be fair , the chorus actually makes sense , using waterloo as a metaphor for someone 's final defeat . 
  it goes * `` i was defeated , you won the war '' * and * `` finally facing my waterloo '' * . 
  except you put a - before the temperatures , yes . 
  the really dumb part is that the media is only printing it because it sells , i.e. 
  people actually pay to be guilt tripped . 
  emotional articles sell , and if there are n't any real events to be emotional you can just make some up . 
   have n't those people been taught history ? 
  do n't they know that in the entire history of the human race , fraud has never worked ? 
  that 's like saying no secret conspiracy has ever paid off . 
  you do n't find out about it when it works , so all we have is a list of times when it did n't . 
  if someone successfully tricks people into believing something , no one will ever know it was fraud . 
  rice and beans are good for you , and the showers are n't really a problem . 
  globally , there 's no shortage of freshwater . 
  it 's only a problem in certain regions , so do n't live there . 
  food production could be increased massively if necessary . 
  a lot of land is used for growing things like tobacco , sugarcane , and corn that ends up becoming fuel . 
   that policy has since been cancelled . 
  because it 's not needed anymore . 
  they changed the trend . 
  there were certainly downsides , but it ** did ** work . 
   so in your view it is okay to seize land of another country ? 
  is it really seizing the land if you 're using it to send back their own citizens ? 
   nigeria 's population is projected to surpass 1 billion in about 100 years . 
  the data is pretty useless if you extrapolate that far . 
  if you continue that curve , you 'd eventually find that 99 % of the world 's population will be nigerian in 500 years . 
   violence should always be the last option . 
  sure , but when you 've spent years failing to achieve anything using other options , eventually you 're going to run out of time before you have to use that last option . 
  it 's nice to aspire to resolve things peacefully , but you have to actually succeed at it - you get no points just for trying . 
  if you want an answer that 's not at all true but which sounds good , it 's because in the 12th century , many lithuanians sailed together with others from around the baltic sea to the black sea and then on to constantinople , where they sought service in the varangian guard as bodyguards to the west roman emperor . 
  after serving for a number of years , they returned home , having naturally picked up a lot of greek which they brought back to lithuania . 
   i do n't think sweden is close to that point yet ... not even remotely in the wildest dreams of the most paranoid loon ( who has actually visited sweden ) . 
  anyone saying there 's any risk of a `` collapse '' of the state has absolutely no concept of what is ( and more importantly is n't ) happening in sweden , and most likely has never actually been to the country or even bothered to look around on google street view . 
  the union was controlled by the danes , which was the main reason why the swedes rebelled and the whole thing collapsed . 
  the anniversary of the danes being kicked out is sweden 's national holiday . 
  it 's worse than swedish media would have you believe , but much better than / r/europe would have you believe . 
  if you visited sweden , you would n't notice anything out of the ordinary . 
  the only immigrants you actually see in most of the country are beggars , but they 're in the country legally and have nothing to do with the asylum seekers . 
  the syrian civil war would n't have happened the way it did if the iraqi government had n't been weakened . 
  it would n't have been allowed to spill over the border , and if it had then hussein would have had the will and the might to counterattack . 
  allowing him to stay in power would n't necessarily have been the * right * move , but it certainly would have been the more * convenient * move in retrospect . 
   other participating nations at that stage provided logistics at most . 
  do n't scoff at logistics . 
  no logistics , no war . 
  the troops ca n't fight without ammo , and they ca n't carry all that ammo themselves . 
  they also ca n't carry cruise missiles at all even if they wanted to . 
  cargo ships and trucks are just as important as destroyers and tanks . 
  so a bit like sweden . 
  the most common dish is minced pork in tomato sauce with spaghetti , but you 'd never find it in a `` swedish '' restaurant .
