   preferably out in the sun . 
  so not at all for half the year ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there * is * no win scenario anymore , so the fact that something sucks does n't mean it 's not still the best option . 
  housing is cheap in smaller towns , so it would be a viable strategy if you could convince qualified people to come there . 
  there * are * some companies like that , but it 's not much help if you 're not single . 
  depending on your line of work , your options may more or less be `` move to stockholm '' or `` remain unemployed forever '' . 
  small towns rarely need that many image recognition engineers , molecular neurobiologists , or polymer synthesis chemists . 
  that would reduce demand , but not nearly enough to fix the problem . 
  this is n't new . 
  it 's been an issue since at least 1980 . 
  and it is dealt with , sort of , but not enough so to prevent the situation from becoming gradually worse . 
  immigration speeds up that process , but the housing market would have been shit regardless . 
  i take it you do n't recognize the rights of bicyclekin ? 
  it 's just water on the wheels . 
  it 's no worse than what it was enduring anyway just from being outside in that weather . 
  that 's not an old crater . 
  that 's a vintage drainage hole . 
  you still have to pay . 
  and they 're pretty fucked if that happens . 
  and they know it . 
  but you do n't really have a choice if you want a place to live . 
   what are the prices that they 're considered silly ? 
  a pretty average apartment in a middle class neighborhood on the outskirts of stockholm will cost you somewhere around 3-5 mkr , which is about $ 300,000-500 ,000 . 
  that 's more than any normal person has , so you have to take a loan , and it 's more than you 'll realistically be able to pay back while you live there , so you 're basically renting from the bank . 
  the only way you 'll be able to pay back that loan - and the way people plan to do it - is by selling the place when you eventually move somewhere else . 
  basically , the kind of apartments that most people live in are so expensive that they ca n't afford to actually buy them , but since there 's no rental market at all , your only choice is to `` rent '' from the bank . 
  except that you take all the risk in case prices crash while the bank just gets money . 
  you can actually get two whole apartment buildings in v\u00e4stervik for the cost of a single three room apartment in the outskirts of stockholm . 
  yay . 
  because people who already have apartments - meaning the people who are allowed to vote in municipal elections - value having a pretty skyline over anyone having a place to live . 
  because fuck other people . 
  if you want to build more than ~ 5 stories , you 'll have to do so outside of the city . 
  unless it 's some really fancy project like turning torso where you randomly build a single skyscraper . 
  the national government does n't have a say in the matter anyway . 
  it 's a municipal issue , and it 's `` only '' the major cities that are affected . 
  a little bit of both ? 
  immigration certainly does n't help , but it 's not the root cause of the problem . 
  this goes further back than that and is largely the fault of well intended but poorly implemented socialist ideas , like rent control and unnecessary requirements for new housing . 
  and since everyone will freeze to death come winter , you can sell the apartments again in the spring !, 
  you can still build to sell , which is pretty much the only thing anyone does anymore . 
  and a lot of new houses * are * being built , but not enough to keep up with the rate of urbanization ; especially not in stockholm . 
  the city 's population has more or less doubled in the last 20 years , which is bound to make things awkward for a city built on rocky islands where space was already very limited . 
  to be fair , you kind of need those housing regulations here . 
  even down as far south as you can get in sweden , temperatures in the winter can still drop to -25 \u00b0 c and fall is always hurricane season . 
  houses have to be pretty sturdy . 
   this is unfortunately a nationwide trend here in sweden . 
  well , in the major cities . 
  most of the country is still unaffected . 
  the price of a small one bedroom apartment in stockholm gets you a small mansion in the countryside . 
  of course , there are no jobs there to pay for it with . 
  since the swedish price bubble is caused largely by a shortage of housing in urban areas rather than excessive investment , prices * ca n't * drop all that much . 
  the prices now are silly , but there 's still demand . 
  even if the `` bubble '' bursts , it 'll just lead to prices slowly decreasing . 
  it ca n't really `` pop '' . 
  well , it 's not quite * that * bad yet . 
  but i 'm sure someone will figure out a way to make money off this eventually , the way people have managed to make a living from abusing youtube 's retarded reporting system . 
  the issue is the definition of `` hate speech '' . 
  it 's rather vague and needs clarification , which can be gradually altered through convenient precedents . 
  the easiest way to get rid of free speech is to make a special exception for something everyone can agree that they dislike . 
  then you slowly broaden the definition a bit , until eventually speaking out against the government is considered hateful , and criticizing the hate speech laws is illegal . 
  i do n't trust anyone to have that power . 
   probably poor wording . 
  poor wording is disastrous when it comes to law . 
  even if you trust the people currently in charge to not abuse it , can you trust every future government to play nice ? 
  it 's not as if anyone is going to very quickly fix all such wording issues before handing over power . 
  whatever it says now is what it will still say when someone you dislike wins an election . 
  by people who do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  you * can * get a job without speaking swedish if a ) you 're very , very , very lucky and someone happens to decide to give you a chance despite others being far more qualified . 
  one in a million . 
  b ) you get a job through connections without having to compete with other people . 
  c ) you 're in an academic field where your particular expertise is worth the extra effort for your employer . 
   it 's a human right . 
  it 's a human right because a piece of paper says so . 
  that 's all that 's really worth in the end . 
  fancy words , but they do n't decide what 's right or force us to do anything . 
  if the main reason to do something is that a declaration that we signed decades before the current situation even began , that 's maybe not the best grounds for a decision on this scale . 
   so what do you propose ? 
  do n't you think that the idea of human rights are an achievement we should n't just throw away like that ? 
  i think we 're probably all sensible enough to be open to the idea that one human right might need a bit of work when it comes to the details , without immediately resorting to torture and genocide . 
  it 's inevitable that the human rights declaration will need to be revised one way or another eventually anyway , since i 'm not pessimistic enough to believe that this is the peak of human civilization and that the future will be spent trying to not be worse than we are now . 
  to believe that the declaration is eternal and unchanging is to surrender to moral stagnation . 
  so you 're saying that since they 're talking about political islam - while claiming that , quote , `` islam is always political '' - i do n't get to argue against them by pointing out that most islam is n't political , because then i 've changed the subject away from political islam ? 
  and despite the fact that this is a thread about sweden and they 're talking about sweden , the fact that they bring up turkey as an example means i ca n't point out that the turkish example is n't relevant to sweden , because that would be changing the subject away from turkey ? 
   so now you would give up on human rights because you do n't want a few muslims to come to eastern europe ? 
  i did n't say that . 
  i just said that something being a human right is a terrible argument . 
  you 're basically saying that `` people already decided on this and now no one gets to question it ever again '' . 
  if the only reason for doing something is that it 's a human right , it probably should n't be one . 
  there 's generally a very good reason * why * something is a human right , but * that reason * is the point that should be raised . 
  but simply pointing out that it happens to be a human right is meaningless and just makes it seem like you do n't have any actual reason beyond `` this is how it 's always been '' . 
  doubly so if you take questioning one human right as questioning * all * human rights , as if it 's an inviolable package deal and not accepting immigrants means the government will start torturing people the next day . 
  they might not be afraid to , but they might not see any point if it 's unlikely to lead to any arrests or convictions . 
  but we made it a human right . 
  we ca n't say that we * have to * do something because we all agreed that it 's a thing that it would be nice to do . 
  in the end , the declaration of human rights is just a piece of paper that ca n't make anyone do anything . 
   people voting for populist right wing parties are mostly poor people ... 
  this varies wildly depending on where you live . 
  it 's the other way around here . 
  within a city , you 'll find the highest support for the `` far '' right among upper middle class homeowners , and the lowest numbers in poorer neighborhoods . 
  that makes sense .
