  i mean , realistically he just wants a `` no '' result that he can point to and keep calling the eu nazis , but a referendum makes sense either way . 
  the fact that it 's full of other people who had the same bright idea certainly helps . 
  and he * thought * he was part of a larger network . 
  not sure how that counts . 
  or just traffic fatalities each year . 
  judging by how irrationally well `` natural '' things sell , there are definitely tons of people who believe in some kind of benevolent magical force of nature . 
  the same way every western country does ? 
  source ? 
  so far there have n't really been any domestic terrorists to worry about , except that one guy who accidentally blew himself up a few years ago . 
  probably expensive , but not necessarily hard to get . 
  grenades are easy to smuggle , being rather small and light . 
   people not understanding this is a himym joke the joke is many decades older than that . 
  you 're also missing out on half the joke if you actually cite a figure , rather than making up a new percentage each time . 
  makes sense , given how many politicians have claimed that immigration is the solution to all demographic problems . 
  exactly what happens when the immigrants grow old too is never quite explained , making the topic an easy target for the far right crowd . 
   if you never vote on the assumption that your party will lose , then there 's indeed no chance that your party will ever win . 
  if polling shows that your party only has 25 % support in a `` winner takes all '' system , you have no real chance to win anyway . 
  polling data is n't perfectly accurate , but it 's usually * somewhat * accurate . 
  exceptions exist , but they 're rare . 
  a lot of that is due to the first past the post nature of the electoral college . 
  if you know that the other party will get 75 % in your state , there 's no point in voting because your vote does n't count . 
  and if * your * party is getting 75 % , there 's not much point in voting either . 
  it 's not an entirely proportional system . 
  people are working on fixing it , but it 's a slow process . 
  it can extend to religious symbols without extending to religious clothing . 
  there 's a big difference between a necklace and a hat . 
  all they ever talk about is the airport , so you might be on to something . 
  if this was n't a european sub , i 'd suggest 3/5 as a compromise . 
  the right to practice religion does n't extend to anything your religion might tell you that you should do , though . 
  you have a right to believe what you want , but not to * do * what you want while at work . 
  helsinki has water all around it , while stockholm 's center is built on small islands . 
  so there 's definitely a difference . 
  that 's hardly unique to them , though . 
  europeans all enslaved each other for a long time , a long time ago . 
   side 2 : ` well they deserve it for being thieves ' and that 's why no one bothers to argue with you . 
  you ca n't possibly think that 's a fair representation of the issue . 
  brexit makes a big difference , so possibly . 
  loopholes . 
  if you count the whole catholic church as being a vatican-owned business , possibly . 
  the germans almost never `` win '' in international statistics . 
  having been on both sides of the iron curtain makes the country remarkably average . 
  can verify . 
  i got drunk more often before 18 than after 18 . 
  they were going to also blame it on the french , but had no word for france . 
   it just happens to tax the conscript in terms of his time and labor , by making him work below market rate . 
  and apparently the average voter is more okay with that . 
  possibly because they 're old enough to have done their share of underpaid labor , and figure that it 's only fair for today 's youth to do the same . 
   i mean , if the good of the country is at stake , it seems like there 's a reasonable argument that the country could pay its military the going rate for their labor . 
  you 'd think so , but only some of the smaller parties have been actually in favor of higher funding , at least up until very recently . 
  then you 'd have to give the army enough money to actually pay wages that will attract volunteers . 
  they 've been asking for that for decades , but it 's been ignored by politicians and voters until very recently . 
   but i do n't think anyone really asked the people affected . 
  it 's easy for older people who have already done their conscription to make the younger generations do the same thing . 
  the people affected will always complain about having to do anything , but they obviously do n't actually know what they 're talking about ( yet ) in this case . 
  everyone who has done it says that it 's really not that bad and are generally glad for the experience . 
   i think a good option would be the exact same conscription system we have now , calling everyone and so on , but with an option to decline . 
  with the numbers proposed , that 's what it will be like . 
  the army does n't want people who do n't want to be there . 
  that 's a big assumption in countries that already have high unemployment . 
  it might just end up making that even worse . 
  people tend to whine during , then reminisce nostalgically about it once they 're done . 
  should n't be in an ideal world , but clearly voluntary recruitment was n't working out and the army ca n't afford to pay more since no one wants to give them more funding . 
  the only remaining option is conscription . 
  apparently there 's more popular support for that than increasing the budget . 
  yes , but not until later , so there was a brief period where the game was even * more * logistically challenging to play . 
  swedish has \u00c5\u00c4\u00d6 , but no \u00dc . 
  without discipline and live ammo , they wo n't be of any use in an actual war . 
  does that mean we get cool mech suits and spaceships ? 
  the christian democrats have been in parliament for a century at least . 
  they only have around 4-5 % , though . 
  they 've never been influential , but have been part of government coalitions on occasion ( such as 2006-2014 ) . 
  it 's not about peacekeeping missions . 
  those already have more volunteers than they need . 
  it 's about the baltic sea islands . 
  no one expects anything to happen tomorrow , but a full conscript army takes 20 + years to train , so best to start early . 
  yeah , and step one is `` get an army '' . 
  this is the first step towards that . 
  you ca n't be conscripted until you 're old enough to vote . 
  there just wo n't be any special election to ask you how you feel about it . 
  since elections are only every four years , you might not get a say . 
   why on earth does europe need a defence force , no one is attacking . 
  the idea is to keep it that way . 
  and you ca n't just conjure an army out of nowhere when you need it . 
  you need to have experienced soldiers who can train and lead future soldiers if/when you need them , and a mere handful ca n't do that . 
  either way , dividing 300 by 2.0 and getting 150.0 is a clear sign that * someone * did n't know what they were doing . 
  when `` that area '' is half the way around the world and you have to actually go far out of your way to get there , people wo n't be very sympathetic . 
  it 's not like he refused to avoid a bad spot along the german coast . 
   white dominant areas have much lower crime rates to my knowledge . 
  the same applies in sweden . 
  the overall crime rate does n't necessarily say much , because no swedes live in places like rinkeby anyway . 
  the kebab , you mean ? 
  only if they actually hurt anyone . 
  you can compare the number of mass shootings if you want , though . 
  in sweden the number is pretty much `` none , ever '' . 
  sweden as a whole does n't have that many immigrants . 
  part of the problem is so many live in a handful of areas , resulting in neighborhoods with  90 % immigrants . 
  those are the places where you see things like this . 
  no shortage of untouched wilderness in sweden , though . 
  well , it has 258 comments right now , so not too bad . 
  digitally enhanced .
