   there is a difference between troop placement and large scale military exercises . 
  but historically , the difference has only been clear afterwards . 
  if someone * was * to mobilize on a massive scale , they 'd also officially call it an exercise , tell all the troops involved it was an exercise , and deploy according to some exercise battle plan , and then suddenly something would come up and everyone would get new orders . 
  i 'm not saying that 's the case here , but if russia was to mobilize for war ten years from now , it would look exactly like this . 
  russia saying that it 's totally not an invasion does n't mean it ca n't be an invasion . 
  i guess the automatically generated editing notice was not edited . 
  still worth editing . 
  it just does n't take very long . 
  what 's really embarrassing is when an article is only one or two sentences and still manages to get the facts or language wrong . 
  most of the stuff coming along the silk road came from china and persia . 
  hardly russian . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not * true * . 
  i 'm saying that the idea is the kind of mildly absurd stuff that urban legends are made from . 
  fermented , not rotten . 
  considering that you drink fermented grains or fruit mixed with water , it 's not * that * strange . 
  they look at long term trends and how votes tend to swing before referendums . 
  polls are often misleading , and polls often favor more `` extreme '' view points , with voters then going with the option seen as `` safer '' on the day they actually vote . 
  so they 're not necessarily right , but i 'd trust their predictions more than i trust polling data . 
  unless you want to have a gradient system where being 17 days too young gives you 0.832 votes or something , there 's always going to be a cutoff . 
  children would just vote for whatever their parents said was good , so letting them vote would effectively mean that parents ' votes count for more than other people 's , which is n't very democratic . 
  and most people agree that teenagers tend to oversimplify and polarize issues ( even more so than adults ) , so their input is n't very useful either . 
  depends on voter turnout . 
  i imagine some groups will care far more about this than others , while some groups will have loud opinions about the matter but then not bother to vote . 
  the scots can vote again any time they want . 
  it 's easy to change your mind about a `` stay '' vote . 
  but if you vote to leave , getting back in can prove very difficult and time consuming . 
  something similar applies to the swiss and joining . 
  as long as they stay out of the eu , they can vote to join more or less any time they want . 
  if they join , leaving gets trickier as they 'd have to renegotiate all the deals they have now . 
   voting in or out of the eu is as simple as it gets . 
  it 's a yes/no question , but it 's a complex issue . 
  the fact that it seems simple just means people wo n't be taking it as seriously as they should . 
  most swedes agree . 
  it 's a northern thing . 
  different from both . 
  the president does have power , but is separate from parliament ( i.e. 
  congress ) . 
  it 's possible to be president while having a majority of parliament hate you , which would probably be the case if trump won . 
  since congress make law , that puts him in a rather awkward position . 
  he does n't get to make law . 
  a president who does n't have the support of congress is crippled in what he can do . 
  he gets to make foreign policy , but does n't get much of a say on domestic policy . 
  not true . 
  obama did a decent job of trying to patch up the image . 
  unfortunately he confirmed other stereotypes by bombing random people in third world countries while doing so . 
  just pay one bankrupt country to collect the debts from another bankrupt country . 
  you get the collected money , and then they can pay back all the money you gave them as interest !, 
  overall , the french come out ahead . 
  there 's a lot of delicious german bread too , but you 'll just have to accept that the french win that round . 
  just like how it 's futile to argue that french sausages are better than german sausages . 
  it 's just not a battle you can win . 
  and anything involving the actual eu bureaucracy tends to get a lot of flak . 
  i 'd say that people here are disproportionately fond of the * idea * of a somehow unified europe ( as you 'd expect , given the sub 's name ) , but that opinions about the european union are roughly representative of the general population . 
  people here are * very * quick to criticize if the eu does anything wrong . 
  sure , but is there any alternative that 's widely known but not associated with the eu ? 
  it 's not a great choice , but there are n't really any other symbols that anyone would actually recognize . 
  a map is a bit clumsy . 
   there were rumors of gypsy women being paid to wear them . 
  gypsie women being paid by saudi imams to wear veils in order to spread some muslim agenda sounds exactly like the thing some 50 year old neonazi loon would come up with three hours past midnight on a saturday night down at the pub ... 
  yeah , but you can say that about bees too . 
  that does n't make bees a major threat to europe . 
  that does n't help people who signed up to defend their country and all that . 
  perhaps a bit naive to buy into the recruitment rhetoric , but there are a lot of people who genuinely believe in it and who would rather not get shipped off to some country that is n't even an ally . 
  papercuts , man . 
  papercuts . 
  no , but you probably do n't have enough money and connections to just move somewhere else if it turns out shit . 
  a lot of university towns have stuff like that . 
  it 's often possible because local authorities are being very generous in their interpretation of laws , favoring student organizations . 
  in lund , the student pubs can be really cheap thanks to technically not being open to the public . 
  they 're only available to a `` closed society '' ... which just happens to have 35,000 members and a guest list open to anyone who wants to be on it . 
  no company would ever get away with anything like it . 
  that could be it , considering that pretty much everything in stockholm seems to be ~ 30 % more expensive than in malm\u00f6 . 
  does n't matter where in stockholm you are ; the fact that you could hypothetically claim that you live there seems to instantly inflate all prices . 
  the 3.5 % limit is for grocery stores . 
  you can still order a 15 % ale in a bar , and can get anything you want in a liquor store . 
  yeah , but the ferry takes forever . 
  unless you 're going in a van that you plan to fill , the money saved per hour spent ends up being atrociously poor . 
  it 's generally not worth going to germany . 
  especially not when the shops by the docks in helsing\u00f8r are competing to sell the cheapest liquor . 
   how did they get into the eu without anyone noticing ? 
  by looking almost identical to a current member , of course . 
  then they pulled that whole `` you can say czechia now '' stunt , and suddenly there were two names in the paperwork . 
  southern greenland * was * pretty nice at the time . 
  people lived there as farmers for generations . 
  it 's not just any circle . 
  it 's a zero . 
  adding extra ones tends to make a big difference . 
  i do n't think even statisticians know for sure . 
  they 're a rounding error at most . 
  just poke a hole in a levee and it 's gone . 
  that 's only a problem on paper . 
  in practice , the prospects for any of the `` orphans '' that arrive to ever get married are nonexistent . 
  it would mean most marriage-related legislation would have to be rewritten , and that 's a lot of work . 
  no politician wants to vote for giving themselves a lot of extra work when they can just make some vague appeal to tradition instead , and maybe even get some far right votes in the process . 
  if someone complains about tolerance , you just counter by mumbling something nonspecific about equality . 
  it 's foolproof , really . 
  with at most a hundred potential voters in the country who actually care about the issue ( most who * might * care are busy finding even one wife ) , taking an anti-polygamy stance is a nobrainer . 
  just ask the french to set up some more foreign legions . 
  no , it needs to be ethnically inclusive and diverse . 
  abv works internationally .
