  nah , those are awesome . 
  let 's just all agree to eat them ( in moderation ) . 
  but the cheese-that-isn ` t-cheese ... that has to go . 
   btw , there is no such thing as soccer in europe . 
  eh , what ? 
  `` soccer '' is originally a british word that the americans borrowed . 
   it 's not a comforting thought that the only thing keeping us from plunging into another war is that not everyone in power is a complete fucking moron . 
  i think that 's the single biggest advantage of democracy : if you 're * that * stupid , you do n't get elected . 
  at least not without smarter people telling you what to do behind the scenes . 
  during the days of monarchies , you really could have a borderline retarded person leading a country . 
  he predicted a bit more than just war in the balkans , though . 
  he predicted a `` great european war '' being triggered by something relatively minor happening in the balkans . 
  and it did . 
  one guy fired a revolver and a decade later millions of people had died as a result . 
   what you 're saying is that voters should always vote for the group closest to their interests , even if that means causing the government to be tilted perpetually against them , in the hope that other voters will see the error of their ways . 
  i 'm saying that if there 's a major party that 's * close * , vote for that . 
  but if there 's no group that 's close or which you trust , then in the long term it 's better to vote for another group than to always vote for the lesser evil . 
  there may be individual elections where the parliamentary situation makes it preferable to vote for the lesser evil , but if you do it every time then you do n't really get to complain that the same shitty parties are always in power as you keep voting for them . 
  and you do n't get to complain about the electoral system being bad , because you never voted for anyone who wants to change it . 
   trying to change the mentality is doomed to failure unless we change the system itself . 
  and that 's never going to happen unless you first change the mentality . 
  unless someone is willing to be first , no political change will ever happen . 
  no new parties , no changed election laws , no nothing . 
  if everyone is always waiting for someone else to take the first step , no one will get anywhere . 
   that 's the thing , it 's not a ` mentality ' , it 's math . 
  it 's math caused by a mentality . 
  think of it as longer term voting . 
  if no one votes for a 1 % party , there will never be any new 5 % parties and if there are no new 5 % parties there will never be any new 50 % parties . 
  yes , your vote will have no effect on the parliamentary situation * this election * , but in turn it can have a much bigger effect in future elections by bringing results up to where doubters like yourself start to see the party as a viable alternative . 
  do you want to spend the rest of your life voting for the lesser evil , or do you want to `` invest '' your votes in getting better options in future elections ? 
   that said , there 's fish . 
  assuming they can actually contract it . 
  if there 's nothing around that can be infected and actually spread the disease , no actual damage was done . 
  it 's still a massive screw up , but there 's not necessarily any reason for concern . 
   maybe he had just enough space for minimum required logo or something . 
  then whoever did the layout messed up . 
  if you do print layout you have to know that sizes are n't always precise , and should have enough sense to realize that you can avoid potential problems by simply making it a little bit bigger than it absolutely has to be . 
  so yes , this does seem rather silly , but it could also have been avoided extremely easily . 
  it makes me wonder if they really paid much attention to any of the other requirements . 
   to make sure we always met the requirement we always made sure the logos were a couple of millimeter more than the requirement . 
  it would be ridiculous to do it any other way . 
  it 's a * minimum * requirement , so just make it a little bit bigger . 
  it was about draining the baltic sea . 
  if you 're in the baltic sea and fire rockets in a random direction , you 've got a pretty good chance of hitting scandinavia . 
   but it still not an overt invasion but rather a support of the separatist proxies , right ? 
  does n't really matter , as the response would be the same : send lots and lots of troops to control the area . 
  the key distinction is that the baltic countries are formal members of relevant organizations ( nato , eu ) while ukraine is not . 
  the ukraine conflict can be met with apathy with little harm done . 
  if the same happened in the baltics , it would effectively mean the dissolution of nato . 
   i ca n't see nato refusing , what could easily happen though is a too slow reaction . 
  anything other than a swift decisive response would pretty much mean the effective end of the organization , so there 's not a whole lot of room for stalling . 
   i kind of disagree - there is a difference between calculated , opportunistic authoritarianism and sheer insanity . 
  i do n't think any of this is insanity , though . 
  it might seem that way from an outside perspective , but it 's probably all calculated . 
  the endgame just is n't clear yet . 
  we do n't want to * host * it . 
  that would be silly . 
  we just want it nearby . 
   its not like norway has problems with money . 
  the main reason norway has a lot of money is because they 're reluctant to spend it , though . 
  it 's pretty consistently invested rather than spent . 
   swedish massage and gymnastics are a thing , though . 
  not that anyone in sweden actually knows that . 
  in sweden there are regular massages and other countries ' variants , but nothing is ever referred to as a `` swedish '' massage . 
  which should be obvious , but it 's not something people really think about , so they get confused and think it must be made up . 
  or if you want it even cheaper , build a tax free store at the helsinki ferry terminal . 
  sounds like a waste of time and rockets . 
  scandinavia is so sparsely populated that you 'd never hit anything . 
  even if you hit central stockholm , the rockets would still just land in water or rocks most of the time . 
  i assume you 'd just connect it to the existing finnish rail network ? 
  kind of like the \u00d6resund bridge : hop on a train in copenhagen and hop off in stockholm . 
  would n't it be cheaper to just build a pipeline ? 
  especially considering that low price is the whole point . 
   you can in romania afaik . 
  scandinavia too . 
  as long as you do n't cause any damage and it 's not right next to someone 's home , you can put up a tent pretty much anywhere outside of cities for one night . 
  it depends on the altitude you 're at when something goes wrong . 
  note how you 're asked to wear a seat belt when the plane is near the ground but not when it 's very high up . 
  now if you could actually * keep * those hurricanes instead of letting them just pass on by to hit the next country in line , that would be great . 
   get on our level . 
  not sure if that 's the best phrasing coming from such a notoriously flat country . 
  your level is dangerously close to sea level . 
  assuming swedish men would have any interest in british women . 
  i do n't think they really count as sleeper agents if their `` sleeper '' state was `` openly work for the kgb '' . 
  unless they 're somehow secretly cia sleeper agents , i guess . 
  to see if you 're really committed , i guess ? 
  there 's been a lot of talk about this in sweden . 
  the main argument against it is n't cultural unrest , but simply that it would n't achieve anything in practice and might instead result in worse conditions for animals . 
  a ban would n't change what people eat , so the meat would simply be imported from countries that already have more lax regulations regarding animal rights . 
   actually , having different rules in different countries in a single market complicates and inflates bureaucracy . 
  as long as the rules apply to production but not sales , it should n't be a problem . 
  at least those were real titles . 
   a bit awkward if he 'd actually become a president later on . 
  also pretty excellent . 
  free votes from people who think it 's funny , while it 's unlikely that anyone will choose not to vote for you just because you have an oddly fitting name . 
  it does n't even make sense . 
  khaleesi is a title , not a name . 
  it 's like naming your kid president . 
  probably not the same weapons . 
  it 's worth noting that swedish elections involve mountains of non-digitalized paperwork .
