  that 's not a sound conclusion even if you do use that measure . 
  you might say that `` more money is lost to corruption in germany '' ( though that probably is n't true ) , but that does n't translate into a more general statement that germany has more corruption . 
   why does the free-market not insure nuclear power plants ? 
  they do , actually , because insurance companies understand statistics : the chances of actually having to pay up are minimal . 
  the catch is that you need to have a lot of money on hand to enter the market , so there 's not really any room for `` startups '' , meaning government intervention is necessary to ensure a functioning market . 
   because the costs of a melt down are in the trillions . 
  i do n't think you really have any grasp of how much a trillion dollars is or how much a nuclear meltdown costs . 
  the gdp of ** the entire world ** is around 72 trillion usd . 
   our railway system has been neglected for so long , it 's not really working correctly anymore . 
  it works well most of the time , and when you do get delayed it 's usually not by all that much . 
  most people traveling between cities take the train . 
  going by bus is n't really any faster or cheaper and unless you 're going between nearby cities there are fewer departures . 
  there are plenty of buses going between nearby ( < 1h drive ) cities , but if you want to go any further than that then trains are the standard method . 
   but what about the aging population ? 
  they 're still holding on to all the good houses and apartments , and are n't going to part with those for anything less than a great big pile of money that no one else actually has . 
  it does n't matter how badly the country needs children when no one is in a position to actually raise any . 
  the problem is n't that young people do n't * want * to have children , but that they ca n't afford to . 
   young people struggle to afford housing in europe . 
  housing is a big one . 
  when it 's hard to even get an overpriced one room apartment in the capital , having kids is n't very appealing . 
   ... but it 's mostly the fault of the other countries if they do . 
  it 's entirely the fault of the other countries . 
  there was a deal . 
  when the other parties failed to live up to their commitments , that deal was broken . 
  there 's no reason why ukraine would still stick to the terms of the agreement when no one else does . 
  keep in mind that the military was never deployed against protesters as they refused to obey the order to do so . 
  any angry mob with molotovs would not have been able to take control of government . 
  it only worked because they had the ( passive ) support of the military . 
  the fact that the government was so corrupt that they got kicked out by their own armed forces should be a bigger cause for concern than the success of the revolt . 
   does n't france show the way forward ? 
  in terms of energy , definitely . 
  nuclear is the way to go right now . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's better than all the other options that are realistically available at the moment . 
   as far as i know , oil and natural gas are considered forms of hydrocarbons ... that 's correct . 
  in fact , petroleum and natural gas are more or less the only forms of hydrocarbons that exist ( not to be confused with carbohydrates !, 
  the price you pay for basing policy on irrational fearmongering . 
  people get so scared of a possible nuclear accident that they end up with a war instead . 
  not very corrupt . 
  considering there are 150 + countries to rank , any index that puts germany among the fifteen worst is seriously deluded or did n't bother to include more than a handful of countries in the index . 
  as indicated by the flair , i 'm not german . 
  i think more or less every non-greek person in the world can agree that the crisis was no one else 's fault . 
  of course , greek politicians are going to shift the blame to everyone but themselves . 
   makes it life a bit easier for the house of saud . 
  it also means they 're not hypocrites . 
  saudi arabia does n't pretend to be democratic : they 're completely honest about the fact that one guy is in charge and that if you do n't like it then tough luck . 
  that 's got to count for at least something . 
   people always say this and it makes me wonder why other countries do n't implement more hydro . 
  the technology is old enough that most easily dammed rivers are dammed already . 
  you need enough water and enough elevation difference to actually build a dam , and there are n't too many places like that . 
  it also takes up vast areas of land that end up under water , which limit the opportunities further and raise environmental concerns . 
  have a look at [ messaure ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/pihju ) to get an idea of the scale . 
  what does any of this have to do with the us ? 
  everything that 's wrong with greece is someone else 's fault , because reasons . 
  you 'd completely change the early market , though . 
  the investment would be extremely unreliable . 
  better to invest in small amounts of stock in companies like ibm , apple , microsoft and google while they 're still small . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to mention mmddyyyy and then calling something else an abomination in the same sentence . 
  every other date-related transgression is but a minor infraction compared to the mortal sin that is mmddyyyy , regardless of what symbols you put in between . 
  i think the choice between environmental issues and foreign dependence is n't an easy one . 
  i think the brunost would work better as a threat for those unwilling to pay up for the gas . 
  for something that happened to their relatives before they were born ... 
  preferably paid out to people who have never been anywhere near an actual concentration camp ? 
   ... about 41 % of crimeans would support union with russia . 
  [ ... ] 110 % free and fair ... 
  but that still just adds up to 45.4 % !, 
   ... i bet this is pissing off the spanish government . 
  i bet it annoys the people receiving the forms even more , along with everyone in the rest of the eu who have to pay for that complete waste of time . 
  most news infographics are pretty banal . 
  it 's just a backdrop for what 's being said . 
  they had to show * something * , so they chose to first show a map of the current borders and then a map of the proposed new borders . 
   some eastern european countries are just realizing now that their new western buddies are not the friends that they thought they were . 
  ukraine is neither a member of nato nor the eu . 
  the west has no obligation to help and have no particular interest in getting involved in a war in easter europe . 
  if eastern european countries want the protection that comes with being a nato member , they 'll have to actually join and in return pledge their help in case someone else gets attacked . 
  do n't mess with iceland , or they 'll turn on the volcano again . 
  the ones with a stove are quite nice , yes , but i spent enough nights in those when i was in the army and would n't want to do it now that i 'm out . 
  in 2015 , everyone will be driving camouflaged trucks and living in military style tents . 
  or just that they were heavily outnumbered on all fronts and still did quite well . 
  for most of the war , they were overrunning all opposition . 
  schedule the referendum for at least six months from now . 
  make it conditional on russian troops leaving well before that . 
  a referendum held during foreign occupation has no legitimacy , especially not when it 'll be more or less impossible to hold a referendum about going back to ukraine or becoming independent . 
  krushchev was russian , born about 10 km from the current ukrainian border , but moved to ukraine at 14 ( according to wikipedia , anyway ) . 
  so he definitely had strong personal ties to ukraine . 
   illegally invade peaceful democratic nations aspiring for full eu membership and honoring human rights and western values ? 
  just replace * `` aspiring for full eu membership and honoring human rights and western values '' * with * `` doing stuff someone else approves with '' * , and it 's spot on . 
  russia does n't like the eu any more than the eu likes russia , so aspiring for membership is n't really a good thing in their book . 
  human rights in the un sense are also a pretty western idea . 
  that 's really the fault of the planners , though . 
  here they all have grass or gravel in the middle , often with some trees or a monument for emphasis . 
  if you manage to screw * that * up , you 're probably the kind of person who would drive off the road at a t-intersection , assuming the road only * looked * like it did n't continue straight ahead . 
   ahh , conservatives . 
  no matter the country , you can always count on them being shit . 
  it kind of follows the definition . 
  if they want to keep something you also want to keep , they 're just normal people . 
  if they want to keep something you want to change , they 're conservative assholes . 
  to be fair , that alone does n't prove much . 
  plenty of things receive lots of funding despite being ineffective , simply because it would be politically controversial to cut that funding . 
   i 'm honestly having a thrill of anticipation for the time when i can say that about voting behavior here . 
  wo n't happen .
