  my only advice for that list is to skip venice and visit something else in italy , or you 'll leave with a disproportionately poor view of the country . 
  the town is dirty , expensive , full of far too many tourists , and has none of the charm it 's portrayed as having in movies . 
  best : plenty of candidates , but i 'd personally say swedish pancakes if that counts as a dish . 
  most of the really `` iconic '' dishes like swedish meatballs have so many variations that it 's hard to say if they 're good or bad . 
  worst : surstr\u00f6mming , though it 's only eaten up north . 
  lutfisk is also pretty terrible . 
  understanding this is the first step to understanding the differences , yes . 
  it 's like asking about the difference in color between a peach and the year 1437 . 
   are trains also the most common public transport around the city ? 
  how often to trains run ? 
  how about buses ? 
  depends on the city . 
  in most cities , you 'll be taking the bus to get around the city . 
  in stockholm , you take the subway almost all the time . 
  but really , most cities other than stockholm are compact enough that you can walk between most places worth visiting . 
   also , for getting in between the major cities of one country ( say munich to hamburg in germany ) do you book a train or can you just catch one at any time ? 
  depends on how far you 're going . 
  for most regional trains , i do n't think it 's even possible to book a ticket and you just buy a ticket and get on board . 
  for longer distances , it 's considerably cheaper if you book it a week or more in advance . 
  you * can * just show up and buy a ticket at the station , but it 'll be expensive . 
  pretty much the same in sweden when it comes to government buildings : if there 's one , there 's a good chance you 'll see both . 
  not all government buildings will fly the national flag , though , as flags representing the local government are often used instead . 
  for example , malm\u00f6 really likes [ its coat of arms ] ( http://www.wz-newsline.de/polopoly_fs/1.1037288.1341839861!/httpimage/onlineimage.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_550/onlineimage.jpg ) ( which dates back to the 15th century ) . 
  you do n't really ever see any non-government eu flags , though . 
  at least in scandinavia , there 's a very big difference between how people see russia and how people see russians . 
  the shit happening is generally blamed on the government , and few people would blame any of it on the people . 
  any sanctions or such would be against specific individuals , not russians in general . 
  too much business between `` medium size '' companies at stake ; it and such . 
  as long as you live in one of the major cities , definitely . 
  doubly so if you live in stockholm , as getting anywhere by car takes forever compared to using the subway . 
  the need for a car will generally increase the further away from the center you live . 
  out in the countryside or in smaller towns , a car is more or less mandatory . 
  but while sweden has a lot of countryside , almost half the population live in the three biggest cities . 
  in sweden , it depends on the kind of visible tattoo and the context . 
  tattoos on your face , neck or hands are a big no-no . 
  tattoos that could be easily hidden ( but which are n't ) are far more acceptable , but you 'll probably be expected to keep them covered if you work in any kind of customer service , sales or other position where you 're representing the company to non-employees . 
  when not at work , no one really cares . 
   the taxes pay for everything , that all people in the country need , which means medical bills , education , and so on . 
  this bit is important . 
  while scandinavians pay higher taxes than many others , they/we also have fewer expenses as a result . 
  health care is free . 
  education is free , including top universities . 
  that means no health insurance costs , no medical bill payments , no college fund savings . 
  the taxes also pay for ( generally ) excellent mass transit , meaning much less need for owning a car in cities , which is another expense gone . 
  the fact that the closest thing you 'll find in europe in recent times is the hitler jugend , it comes across as rather unsettling . 
  as with advertising , not taking something seriously does n't mean you 're not affected by it . 
  everyone makes fun of commercials , but the products being advertised still sell better as a result . 
  knowing how it works does n't make you immune to the effects . 
  i do n't think the eu could agree on a president . 
  too much nationalism . 
  the french would n't accept a german president , the germans would n't accept a french president , the british would n't accept a non-british president and nobody would accept an italian one . 
   i mean really , just how many presidents doed a supranational entity need ? 
  the problem would be that a large part of the reason why that system works is because the president is directly elected and so is directly accountable to the people . 
  unless there are direct elections to appoint a eu president who has any real democratic mandate , it wo n't work . 
  when most citizens do n't even know who the president is and none of them voted for him/her , it 's not really a president but just some guy with a fancy title . 
  the comparison between water and guns is rather silly , but he does have some kind of point . 
  you could teach a child to handle firearms responsibly in just a few hours , and you could do so without letting them handle any functioning guns or live ammo . 
  the message is sensible but the video makes him seem rather crazy . 
  language is a big factor . 
  if you speak swedish with too much of an accent , you 'll always come across as a foreigner . 
  if you do n't speak swedish at all you 're doomed to eternal foreigner status . 
  self-identifying as swedish is obviously important , but i think to really be considered swedish you also need to have some kind of regional identity . 
  no one in sweden is `` only '' swedish . 
  you 're a scanian , northlander , \u00d6stg\u00f6te , from stockholm or wherever and your accent reflects that . 
  until you can claim to be from some specific part of sweden , you 'll always be from somewhere else . 
  good value for your money . 
  it 's also somewhat in between western and eastern europe in many regards , which i guess can be a good or bad thing depending on what you 're looking for . 
  it 's far more `` west '' than the rest of eastern europe . 
  lots to see if you enjoy old architecture and good food , but you can say that about a lot of countries . 
  cannabis seems to be less common than in most other places , though . 
  it 's easy to get your hands on if you want some , but not that many people actually use it . 
  same . 
  neither reflects my political opinions , and i 'd just vote for some independent candidate . 
  my vote would be completely wasted due to the first-past-the-post system , but realistically it would be wasted regardless unless i happened to live in a swing state . 
  it 's a nice relaxed place with nice relaxed people , good food and beer . 
  i suppose you could also actually * do * things in denmark , but it 's not really necessary . 
  they have some pretty nice beaches too . 
  not much to do in denmark during the winter , though . 
  everything is pretty expensive in all of scandinavia . 
  especially so in norway . 
  i do n't think anyone would object to putting pictures of the crown princess on a few of the coins either . 
  it 's photoshopped . 
  putting odd things on the king 's head is a national meme of sorts . 
  the protesters do n't appear to be unified to the point where you can easily predict the political outcome if the government resigns , so it remains to be seen if it ends like in tunisia , jordan or syria . 
  i do n't approve of the current government 's actions , but i 'm not sure that the protesters will be able to fix the problems . 
  the consequences of a government victory would probably be worse , though , so for now the protesters have my tentative support . 
  the overwhelming majority of swedes are satisfied with the current government that this could never happen . 
  they might not like the parties currently in power , but no one seriously questions the system as a whole . 
   we experienced the culture , art , and architecture . 
  wife wants cobble stone and little shops . 
  the less touristy the better . 
  i think picking towns in northern italy more or less at random works for that . 
  just stay away from venice , because it 's about as tourist-infested as a place can possibly be . 
  where you 're from and when you expect to go is also very relevant due to weather concerns . 
  if you 're not used to temperatures below freezing , visiting sweden in the middle of winter is going to result in a miserable experience . 
  it 's -31 \u00b0 c in kiruna right now , and this has been a pretty mild winter . 
  the north is beautiful in the summer , though . 
   unlimited population growth is clearly impossible in a world with finite resources ... 
  i do n't think resources as such are going to be the limiting factor . 
  asteroid mining could provide us with potentially unlimited access to metal in a century or so and fusion could provide us with ludicrous amounts of cheap energy .
