  sort of like how if taxes were optional but you got access to free healthcare and everything even if you did n't pay , most people would n't . 
  ideas about freedom are n't applicable , because you ca n't choose to not be defended by the army . 
  thus it makes little sense to let you decide if you want to contribute to that army or not . 
  of course you 'd choose not to contribute if you can get all the benefits with none of the downsides . 
  and rebuilding the regiments . 
  you ca n't just grab 40k people , put them in a field , and tell them to become soldiers . 
  a lot of the old bases have been repurposed and they just do n't have enough officers to train that many conscripts right now . 
  no , 24 years ago . 
  pay attention . 
  it 's probably the lousy artificial kind that you ca n't really use for much else anyway . 
  depends on your accent . 
  people might just mistake you for someone from yugoslavia . 
   people age continiously , so sperm quality and the uterus should deteriorate from puberty and onwards . 
  however a female is not fully developed until like 23-25 so that is probably the most optimal age for a woman to get pregnant . 
  you 're sort of contradicting yourself there . 
  different parts of the body develop and age at different rates . 
  the brain is n't fully developed until around 25 , but by that point the rest of your body has been `` done '' for quite some time . 
  the fact that men are fertile without complications much longer than women is not only well documented , but also sort of obvious if you think about it - the man contributes half the genes , but the genes are only one of many factors that determine how a baby turns out . 
  so there 's simply not a lot that can go wrong for a man , compared to all the things that can go wrong during a pregnancy . 
  a man can become a father at 90 , and it 's biologically unremarkable . 
  a woman ca n't have a child at 90 , and even 60 is highly unusual . 
  but if you want multiple children , it takes a while from the first one to the last one . 
  so ideally you 'd get started at 20-something so that you 're done by the time you 're 30 . 
  keeping in mind that miscarriages can ruin any attempt at trying to plan things , setting you back a year or more . 
   being at the exact spot where this kind of situation occurs and to get a shot exactly from behind is indeed a lottery win for a photographer . 
  without knowing how long the photographer stood there , how many planes passed by , and how many pictures the photographers managed to get of each plane , it 's hard to say . 
  winning the lottery gets a lot easier when lottery tickets are free and you can scratch a dozen per second . 
  no luck needed if you 're part of the exercise and know they 're coming . 
  maybe not the best name for a place used for low altitude pilot training . 
   everyone knew that they only way the rebels could get their hands on high-altitude missiles was if russia gave them to the rebels . 
  that 's not true . 
  the ukrainian army had buk systems before the war , meaning that there were launchers there already and people who knew how to use them . 
  the launcher that hit the plane was russian and probably crewed by sloppy russians , but there * were * high altitude surface-to-air missiles in the conflict zone already . 
  everyone was just hoping that no one who knew how to use them would join the rebels . 
   not if you shitposted fabricated content for 2 years . 
  yeah , but you did n't and you wo n't . 
  this makes the problem much easier for them . 
  one of them usually has a lot of holes in it . 
  the other does n't . 
  that does n't make the data they had on you go away , and it does n't prevent them from gathering more . 
  removing a hijab is a lot quicker than removing your makeup . 
  that goes tenfold for putting it back on again afterwards . 
   personally i ca n't say i care whether someone has a hat on or not ... because you just know that there will be a hundred assholes per day trying to push the limits . 
  some will just wear silly hats , but some will try to wear a motorcycle helmet or whatever . 
  then someone wants to have an eye patch , then a ski mask , and so on . 
  yeah , but they have that from digging through my friends ' phone contacts anyway . 
  and you can tag people who do n't have facebook in pictures , so they probably know what i look like even if i 've never uploaded a picture . 
  that 's mostly a matter for history class , though . 
  catholicism today is quite different from catholicism a thousand years ago , and since the old form is n't practiced anywhere anymore , the crusades have no relevance to modern religious education . 
  it tends to be baked into a lot of subjects at that age . 
  it 's hard to meaningfully teach it as a separate subject until much later . 
  you can teach people to memorize things , but that 's a waste of time if they ca n't also reason their way to it . 
  highly inaccurate . 
  when was the last time aliens staged a large scale invasion of arkansas , florida , or alaska ? 
  according to aliens , the world consists only of los angeles , downtown new york , and washington dc in a radius of a few blocks around the white house . 
  and since he gave facebook permission to read his text messages when he got the app , they can read anything you send him if they want to . 
  they probably do n't , but the app pretty much asks you to sign over your soul before you can install it . 
  you do n't have to fill that out even if you have a facebook account . 
  it keeps asking what schools i went to and i keep ignoring it . 
  you avoid having any control over your facebook presence , yes . 
  you avoid having to see facebook posts ( but you do n't see those anyway unless you actively go look at them ) . 
  you do n't avoid having a facebook profile or facebook gathering data on you . 
  does n't matter . 
  facebook creates a profile anyway based on other people mentioning you . 
  plenty of data about you is publicly available . 
  you do n't avoid anything by not signing up . 
  that 's just sensible , though . 
  knowing that the camera * can * be hacked , why would you leave it unobstructed and facing you if you do n't use it ? 
  no matter how secure you think your computer is , it could still be made more secure by making sure there 's less to steal . 
  just swap the names , let everything else stay . 
  claim that `` britain '' has successfully left and that `` bosnia '' has joined . 
  it 's not as bad as it sounds , and it 's a remnant from the war . 
  they 're already working on changing it , but constitutional changes tend to happen slowly . 
  an even split was probably the only thing everyone could sort of agree to . 
  sure , but post an article stating that the us postal service is being split into the letter service and the package service and all the comments on / r/news and / r/worldnews will say that the us has become nazi germany . 
  `` because unlike your parents , the millennials ' parents failed to teach them how the world actually works . '', 
  there can still be border controls , especially this year . 
  it 's trouble you do n't want to risk . 
  people tend to leave any place where there 's anything that qualifies a an apocalypse , so that 's largely self-fulfilling . 
  of course , people leave home for any number of reason , so that does n't mean anything either . 
  well , that 's diplomacy working as intended . 
  bribe people into behaving . 
  do it long enough and they 'll get used to it . 
  it 's not * that * many extra letters to learn , so the extra effort is trivial . 
  anyone could learn it in an hour . 
  there 's also no risk of confusing anything . 
  but knowing both is very handy when you want to learn other languages , as you can pick up any european language without having to learn more than a couple of new letters . 
  transitioning out one also leaves half the books in libraries useless . 
  replacing those , along with half the signs and textbooks in the country , would be ludicrously expensive . 
  probably . 
  all studies seem to agree that up to 4-5 something , learning multiple languages does n't noticeably slow down the learning of any one of them for children . 
  they have superhuman linguistic abilities that just ca n't be matched later in life . 
  babies doubly so . 
  in this case the idea came first and the rhetoric after . 
  this was n't implemented to give immigrants jobs , but some people figure they can get votes by pointing out that it might have that effect . 
  the rot/rut program has been around for more than a decade already . 
   this move would bring all of the organizations back together under one roof ... that sounds pretty reasonable . 
  they are presumably cooperating already anyway . 
  not happening any time soon . 
  there are still plenty of people in europe who figure that their countries can take a lot more refugees , because * they * have n't actually seen any where they live .
