  sure you can . 
  you can do it politely by paying someone to take them ( does n't really matter what country , because they 'll try to leave immediately anyway ) or impolitely by just forcibly dropping them off by parachute somewhere without telling anyone . 
  it 's just a question of how far you 're willing to go on the scale from unfriendly to inhumane . 
  the practicalities of it are pretty simple . 
  there are plenty of third world countries who 'd happily take them in exchange for a modest one-time donation . 
  i doubt even the members of the ira believed it . 
   getting stabbed is totally uninterest . 
  i take it you 're unfamiliar with the meaning of the word `` statistics '' ? 
  the poster you 're replying to was just saying that this is n't enough to draw conclusions from , which is exactly what the poster before that did by saying it 's now `` hours between incidents '' . 
  that 's technically true , but intentionally misleading . 
  but you 'll have to wait 4-6 years before you 're actually allowed to do anything . 
  you want to get quick asylum , but you do n't want to be stuck in an orphanage for five years . 
  you also want to be able to drive a car , get a bank account , buy cigarettes , get an apartment , and go clubbing , all of which requires that you 're 18 . 
   you do realize that the vast majority of shootings are targeted right ? 
  sure , but even when it 's professional soldiers shooting at each other , the actual hit rates are atrociously low . 
  when it 's gangs shooting at each other , the vast majority of bullets are going to hit something other than what was aimed at . 
  and even if you 're not in the line of fire , you can still get hit by a ricochet through a window . 
  darth vader disagrees . 
  very convenient age to be when applying for asylum . 
  i think it 's `` allah is greater '' , actually . 
  assuming they have enough money to avoid living where the gangs operate , anyway . 
  sometimes the best option is a bad one , with all the other options being even worse . 
  wait too long and there wo n't be any democracy left to defend . 
  the fact that your only examples are an old soviet industrial accident site ( there are less famous soviet towns that were wiped out and are still uninhabitable due to non-nuclear factors ) and a province that got wiped out by a tsunami ( estimated to be the single costliest natural disaster in world history ) says a lot , though . 
  someone actually did it , though not the full circle . 
  it was less about a really long lever and more about using a normal lever to lift something a tiny bit , putting something under it so that it does n't fall back down , and then doing it all over again until the stone falls into place . 
  in the end , raising the stones into an upright position was n't really doable , but lifting a horizontal stone up on a high pile of carefully placed logs until you could finally drop it down into position was apparently possible on your own . 
  worth noting is that despite the seemingly chaotic layout and excessive number of towers , it still follows the ancient cross-shaped floor plan . 
  you can build a stonehenge replica in your lifetime by hand . 
  lots of things are possible if you have several decades to spare . 
  as far as i know , they ran out of money for a while . 
  the finished thing is also supposed to be enormous , so getting the money for and building all of it will take a while . 
  nonsense . 
  i 'm going to assume that `` herrings '' is a compliment . 
  assuming it 's pickled and not fermented . 
  i quickly realize that ( and why ) i do n't give a shit about games journalism . 
  always again . 
  does n't matter as long as there 's still exponential growth elsewhere . 
  you need to address the problem everywhere or nowhere . 
  anything else is just brief stalling . 
   man , i 'd love to be happy about equality but i ca n't stand any of them . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  i bet you ca n't stand any of the male heads of state either . 
  equality !, 
  you do n't * have to * wipe out the shareholders . 
  the state does n't actually * want * to own any banks . 
  what matters is that the shareholders take the financial hit and that the state gets its money back , but there 's more than one way to achieve that and it does n't have to happen all at once . 
  if the bank pays the bailout money back with interest over a 10-20 year period , shareholders will see far less profits during that time , but still keep their shares . 
  the board will have a very strong incentive not to take those kinds of risks again , and shareholders will have strong incentives to not let them . 
   if you instead give a million to a bank for nothing in return , then you 're down a million no matter what . 
  that 's why you ** lend ** them a million , and then they pay you back that million plus interest once the situation is under control . 
  it means shareholders wo n't get any money for a few years as all profits go to paying back loans , but they 'll much prefer that over a bankruptcy where they lose everything . 
  not that this is n't just a hypothetical scenario . 
  several countries have done this successfully , and did get all their money back . 
   the must successful bailouts during the financial crisis were in the us and switzerland and they both just lend the banks money and charged interest on it . 
  sweden did the same thing a decade earlier when we had our own banking crisis ( and having dealt with it then was part of why we weathered the next one so well ) , and the state made a sizable profit from the whole mess . 
  it took years , but we did eventually get all the money back with interest . 
  bailouts * can * be a good deal for everyone involved . 
  that only applies if you 're going to actually do something to prevent it from happening again afterwards . 
  otherwise you 're just going to keep pumping money into a broken system . 
  if you 're not going to actually fix anything , it 's better to just accept that you 're an incompetent lazy fuck and face that depression now rather than keep paying money over and over and then get that depression later anyway . 
   ... and maybe italy , but that 's stretching it . 
  despite all the grim news about the italian economy , it 's not nearly as bad as you might believe . 
  the ( nominal ) gdp is about 2/3 of germany 's . 
  certainly enough to make a difference in any war . 
  i think it 's referring to [ zealand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zealand ) . 
  most of the land up north is simply useless . 
  it 's frozen solid for much of the year and it does n't get enough sunlight ( plenty of hours but no intensity ) for farming . 
  up until the last two centuries or so when industrialization made the natural resources up north worth extracting , the only people living in northern sweden were reindeer-herding sami and a few hundred southerners in trading posts by the coast . 
  the swedish empire was significantly bigger than that at its peak . 
  it 's missing st. petersburg , karelia , and much of the northern german coast . 
  i do n't see why it 's not just called denmark . 
  most or all of that has been danish at some point ( areas like west gothland are sort of debatable in that regard ) . 
  it 's an idea about how european policy could be intentionally shaped by creating necessity . 
  and just because it has n't worked does n't mean no one is trying or that the concept is inherently flawed . 
  that requires some actual ideas about how that better integration is supposed to work . 
  so far there has been a shortage of that . 
  no , but trying to eliminate all nationalism because some of it is problematic is just going to make all the polite nationalists become very upset . 
  rather than eliminating the problem , you 're going to make it a hundred times worse . 
  the horizontal stripes are a standard `` high visibility '' pattern , yes . 
  that 's the origin of striped shirts too - sailors wore them to be extra visible if they fell overboard in the dark . 
  for an armored force , the number of soldiers does n't really say much . 
  five men in a tank are certainly more of a commitment than a dozen mechanics , but in the end you need both . 
  yeah , it 's usually not quite cheap enough to really be economically justified if you factor in the time it takes , but the savings means you can go on a trip that breaks even . 
  this is doubly true if it involves ferries . 
  i think denmark arguably got the worst of that war . 
  it was pretty much the last time they were a significant power in europe . 
  and yet they did nothing to help you during the second northern war when we marched across the ice all the way through denmark to lay siege to copenhagen . 
  i do n't see why you 'd trust them now . 
  though if you want a translation that conveys the meaning of it `` danish bastards '' is much better . 
  direct translations between english and scandinavian profanity and insults never really works , with the notable exception of the word * shit * , which is used the same way . 
  burst ? 
  sure . 
  explode ? 
  no , despite what a lot of people love to predict . 
  the us economy is n't suddenly going to collapse and turn all the states into third world countries . 
  it wo n't be fun , but it wo n't be apocalyptic . 
  at any moment , really . 
  that 's because you 're thinking of the old british applications for magic . 
  you 've got to think bigger : industrial magic .
