  it does make sense when applied to some things . 
  the idea that you ca n't vote for war if you 're not also willing to risk your own life is pretty reasonable . 
  of course , it stops making sense when you apply those same restrictions to * all * politics . 
  whether you 've served in the military or not has little to do with whether schools should get more funding . 
  well , the idea is to protect each other . 
  it just does n't work very well when some people are happy to leave all the protecting to other people . 
  been there , done that . 
  i 'm * really * good at cleaning things now . 
  i 'm also pretty decent with a 30 caliber machine gun . 
  it 's not an argument in favor of conscription . 
  it 's just an illustration of how this is n't slavery and how calling it slavery just makes you look like a fucking idiot who decided to argue about the definition of * slavery * without actually looking it up . 
  the defining aspect of slavery is * ownership * , not whether you 're forced to do things or not . 
  the state does n't claim any ownership , it just says that by law you have to do this , and if not then you 'll be arrested . 
  there are many other such things , yet no one complains that it 's slavery when kids have to go to school . 
  well , no one except the kids . 
   who is the bigger asshole ? 
  does it matter ? 
  one asshole is protecting you , even if you do n't want that protection . 
  the other asshole thinks you can go die in a fire . 
  or the argument is that no one is being fucked over , and this is n't the huge world-ending ohnoslavery deal that some people are making it out to be . 
  a year seems like an enormously long time when you 've only lived for eighteen of them , but it 's not like you ca n't do anything else during that time . 
  you get to go home on weekends . 
  you have plenty of free time on the base . 
  it 's not some horrible injustice you have to endure , and afterwards you 're probably be glad that you got to do it , even if you did n't choose it ( i did n't ) . 
  but is n't that what counts ? 
   sometimes at night , even . 
  nah , better make that a separate organization . 
  they stole the name . 
  the * united states of america * becomes `` america '' in the same way that the * federal republic of germany * becomes `` germany '' and the * kingdom of denmark * becomes `` denmark '' . 
  country names tend to be shortened if they 're more than one word ( with some exceptions , like the koreas ) . 
  our artillery is damn fancy , though . 
   i 'm saying it 's false to say that these people are n't voting for something that other people will have to do . 
  they certainly wo n't have to do it , but the key point is that they 're not voting for anything that they * would n't do * . 
  i 'm in favor of conscription . 
  if i was 18 now , i 'd be willing to do it . 
  i 've proven that this is true by actually doing so back when i was 18 . 
  it may seem unfair if you 're 17 now , but the people who are older than you already did it . 
  it 's not some new burden placed upon you and you alone . 
  it 's `` business as usual '' . 
  go the starship troopers route instead : only those who have done their military service get to vote !, 
   if you are willing to jump in front of a car to save someone else , should everyone else be forced by law to do the same ? 
  if it 's one person jumping in front of the car to save a dozen others , definitely . 
  because the world is full of assholes who 'll happily let others die to protect them and then hide when it 's their turn to actually do anything . 
  try making paying taxes optional and see how that goes . 
  yet most people agree that government-funded healthcare is a good idea . 
   yes , because that is what government should be about . 
  no , but even seemingly dumb tasks can serve a purpose . 
  sometimes the point is to get you out of your comfort zone , because wars certainly are n't fought inside it . 
  doing dumb shit with no obvious military value can be necessary in order to provide you with military training . 
  as a side effect , you may also grow as a person . 
   also cold and dark . 
  conveniently ignoring the fact that it 's the southernmost baltic state , of course . 
   of course this situation is less desirable to the taxpayer , because why pay people a competitive salary when you can force them to work ? 
  keep in mind that the tax payer is also forced to work . 
  this is n't some brand new idea . 
  it 's a recently abolished idea that 's being brought back ; recent enough that a very significant portion of the people voting have already done their share . 
   ww1 happened because a total war seemed unthinkable . 
  which seems to be the general consensus today too . 
  nothing like that could ever happen today because we 're all much too civilized , and if it did happen then modern weapons would ensure that it would be over very quickly . 
  you realize that a lot of other european countries have this already ? 
  including russia . 
  china and the us both have it , but have enough volunteers to not have to actually force anyone to serve . 
  but they can if they feel the need . 
  that 's the way the concept works . 
  prison is n't slavery . 
  appearing in court is n't slavery . 
  having to attend school for a decade is n't slavery . 
  conscription is n't slavery . 
  there are a lot of things in life that simply are n't optional , even if you 're free . 
  and you do n't * have to * be there . 
  you can choose to not show up and get sent to prison instead . 
  that 'll give you something to complain about . 
   should be decided by population itself in some kind of referendum waste of money . 
  an overwhelming majority already supports it , so the referendum would just be a formality . 
  keep in mind that a lot of those people actually did their military service , so they 're not just voting for someone else to do something that they wo n't have to . 
  you 'd be amazed at how much military materiel the nordic countries have stashed away . 
  not to mention relatively low status . 
  with shitty hours and relatively high risk . 
   let me guess ... most people in their 30s or older support it , but the closer in age to 18 , the less support you find in the polls ? 
  keep in mind that we had conscription up until pretty recently . 
  men above 30 will have done their military service when they were 18 . 
  the people who are against it are mostly people who do n't actually know what it 's like . 
  i think m might consider it now that ladadee reinfeldt is gone . 
   we do n't really have an immediate need for a strong standing military . 
  unfortunately , if you ever do have an immediate need for an army , it 's about twenty years too late to get one . 
  they do n't just appear out of nowhere whenever you want them . 
  even if the russians occupied gotland , i bet most of the politicians would n't do anything . 
  hell , someone could annex the northern half of stockholm and they 'd still find some excuse for why this is actually a good thing . 
  plenty of politicians are unfortunately blind to anything that happens beyond their own neighborhoods . 
   well we ca n't stop russia by throwing bodies at them ... 
  the idea is n't to throw the bodies , but to use them for defending and ambushing . 
  even if you ca n't win , you can make the war incredibly costly . 
  a little bit of temporary slavery beats permanent slavery in case something happens in the future . 
  maybe not today , but in twenty , thirty , or fifty years . 
  things like this take time to start up , so you ca n't just decide to have an army when things turn ugly . 
  ww1 seemed unthinkable right up until people found themselves in the middle of the most destructive war in history . 
  some people really do need to do some shitty work in order to get over themselves , though . 
  you might get away with your spoiled bullshit in school or at some job that your daddy got you , but the army does n't care and neither will the rest of the world . 
  the problem is that if you do n't step up , you still reap all the benefits of other people doing it . 
  you ca n't let someone invade only the homes of the people who did n't volunteer .
