  or you can simply aim to be bilingual . 
  it 's perfectly possible to be fluent in more than one language . 
  just look at scandinavia . 
   yeah german taxpayers , who ca n't get an education in their own country without being fluent in another language , this is fucked up . 
  they probably could n't do that before either . 
  at least not a technical master 's degree . 
  different systems for different purposes . 
  the long range systems are for securing the airspace , shooting down transport planes and such . 
  the short range systems are mainly for self defense . 
   great ideas , but too risk-averse investors . 
  or ideas that sound cool but which are n't financially sound . 
  the proposed airships would n't have been able to lift this thing anyway as it was well above the airships ' maximum capacity . 
  going by ship is safer than going by truck along a highway . 
  far fewer obstacles , less other traffic and a modern container ship is largely unaffected by bad weather . 
  the same goes for the sea in some places . 
  if you 're in helsingborg , there 's never a time when you ca n't see at least one cargo ship passing by . 
  well , this time is quite different from the qatar mess . 
  there 's really no way that fifa could have anticipated the ukraine conflict when deciding who should host the 2018 games . 
  well , who else would we be siding with ? 
  scandinavia does n't exactly have a history of getting along well with russia . 
  the vikings built their own ships , which were generally better than everyone else 's . 
  that was part of the problem . 
  ca n't stay away from them and ca n't chase them down if they run . 
  they beat us in coffee consumption , though . 
  this is a 17 kiloton transport ship . 
  the russians ca n't really hand it over to rebels anywhere . 
  it 's worth keeping in mind that the buk missile launcher that shot down the plane was designed and manufactured in russia - they can do that kind of thing just fine without having to import anything . 
  this sale has zero impact on their ability to get involved in shit like the ongoing ukraine conflict . 
  if anything , spending this money on something like this means not spending it on weapons they * could * hand over to someone else . 
  if you 're going to blame someone , blame the countries that are providing russia with the money needed by buying their gas . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the people who are the most pro-immigration are also the ones who are the most against any military expenses . 
  also , the only people in sweden who actually care about the religion of the immigrants are the people who are anti-immigration . 
  the people who are in favor of more immigration would generally prefer more diversity if possible . 
  i do n't think the water in stockholm is deep enough for a mistral to actually sink . 
  if you mean whether the country has that kind of money to spare , then sure . 
  if you mean whether the swedish navy has that kind of budget , then no . 
  the poles need to plan around worst case scenarios . 
  defending your country when half the world shows up to help is pretty easy . 
  defending it when they can not help for whatever reason ( such as being occupied elsewhere ) is the real challenge . 
  considering that the only reason the russians can afford the ships to begin with is all that german gas money ... definitely . 
   and you 're also forgetting mistrals carry dozens of helicopters , which would be enough to land a small advance force . 
  if the russians wanted to fly in , they could just use the aircraft carrier they already have . 
  it 's three times bigger than a mistral . 
   when did this become a prerequisite to being in europe ? 
  it never was . 
  aside from the occasional union federalist , no one in europe identifies as european first . 
  pretty much everyone is country first , then their part of europe , * then * european in general . 
  and presumably a bunch of people who were more interested in the opportunity to riot than the actual politics . 
   oh , i misunderstood . 
  that 's great then . 
  in this case , not really . 
  his statement really was neutral and balanced , but much ( though not all ) of swedish media is so one-sidedly pro-palestine that he was accused of being pro-israel simply because he chose to be neutral rather than picking a side . 
   hamas is retarded . 
  that being said , they 're doing a lousy job - thankfully - trying to inflict civilian casualties . 
  how many deaths on israeli side ? 
  that does n't really affect the possibility of peace . 
  rocket attacks against civilians are n't acceptable no matter how incompetent the people shooting them are . 
  the only way there 's ever going to be peace is if the palestinians can stop the attacks without israeli interventions . 
  yeah , but it 's the difference between being on the `` suspicious person '' list and being on the `` wanted by interpol for terrorism '' list . 
   ambassadors to countries that we 're close with , that are also first world , are useless political appointees . 
  you 'd still expect the ambassador to at least do * some * homework before the appointment . 
  at least look at first paragraph of the wikipedia article . 
  if you do n't know whether a country has a president or not , you probably should n't be sent there in any official capacity . 
   why does this make me think of a bond villain 's lair ? 
  what do you think the bond villain lairs were inspired by ? 
  the russians paid for it with german gas money . 
  if the french did n't sell them the ship , i 'm sure the russians could buy something similar from the chinese or whoever with that money . 
  but the germans want their gas , even if it means putin gets a few more billion to spend on the military . 
  it 's a bit too late for that kind of damage control . 
  everyone either already knows they had them or does n't watch online sources anyway . 
  it 's not that much compared to the number of civilian cars , buses and pedestrians that have been accidentally killed in war zones . 
  i guess [ greece ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greece#mediaviewer/file:flag_of_greece.svg ) is rather conflicted in that case , having a flag with a plus sign in the corner accompanied by a bunch of minus signs . 
   ... like how the patriarchs in constantinople were never all that butthurt when the turks rolled up in 1453 i guess from their point of view , it could n't be any worse than when the catholics stopped by for a visit . 
  they 'd be antichristians , obviously . 
  their unsavior died nailed to a giant minus sign . 
   i understand that in sweden parties themselves decide the order of the candidates to go through , correct ? 
  both , actually . 
  you can vote for a candidate or for the party list . 
  i do n't really know exactly how that works . 
  the `` personal votes '' are counted separately later , so i 've never been involved in that step of the counting process , and i 've never been fond enough of any candidate that was n't already near the top of a party list to bother looking into it . 
  it would n't be disqualified in sweden . 
  we do n't really disqualify any votes as long as there 's no reasonable doubt as to what they 're trying to vote for . 
  you can just take a blank ballot and write '' * moderaterna !, 
  '' * on it , and it 'll count as a vote for the moderates . 
  the whole vote counting process is open to the public and done in the presence of at least six functionaries anyway , so the risk of such votes being counted unfairly is n't really any higher than the chances of someone simply replacing the ballot in its entirety . 
  you could probably draw in the extra answer and still vote for one of the other parties . 
   also , like there 's ever gon na be winter again , i scoff . 
  it 's been getting progressively warmer for the past six months . 
  i do n't see why that trend would suddenly be reversed . 
  being able to read a german tax form certainly helps if you want to stay in business , though . 
   no way in hell the coach just said , sure kids , go for a walk , we 'll be waiting for you . 
  i 've gone wandering off on school trips to foreign countries at that age . 
  finding your way back to a hotel is n't that hard ( just have the reception write down the name of the hotel before you go and show that to people ) , and if for some reason you want to run away then you can do so quite easily anyway . 
  well , the germans who actually live in the mountains are hardly going to go to * other * mountains to ski and the germans who actually live by the sea probably wo n't go to denmark , so it makes sense that the ones that do are of the clueless variety despite coming from a country with both mountains and sea cost . 
  tell that to the people living in east berlin in 1980 . 
   ... ar , how do we stop him , then ? 
  i do n't think the austrians are the right people to ask about that . 
  and considering that the key to defeating hitler was to ally with the russians , i do n't think the old approach will work this time . 
   by every measure possible male circumcision is far less harmful then female circumcision ...
