  i think that goes for most countries . 
   make everyone feel at home . 
  you have to actually keep everyone content within the union too , otherwise you 're just setting up the stage for the largest civil war the world has ever seen a hundred years from now . 
  or if you 're feeling extra dictatorial , the democratic people 's republic of ( north ) korea . 
  drop the democracy and the people from the name , and you 've got south korea . 
  romania is also worth looking at . 
  they managed to create an anti-corruption agency that ended up being so powerful and motivated that it went after the people who created it too . 
  it 's been working far better than anyone expected , which is probably the only way such a thing can be successfully implemented . 
  of course , it 's rather new , and there 's always a risk that the agency will just be another corrupt political player a decade from now . 
  that has more to do with common vs civil law than the format of the constitution-or-otherwise . 
  having a single written document makes less sense in common law , as you 're going to have to keep adding clarifications to it . 
  you mean the people 's democratic people 's republican people of the people 's european public ? 
  so why have an unnecessarily long name if no one is going to use it anyway ? 
  so form a european federal union . 
  it 's an even more boring name !, 
   denmark , switzerland , and the uk would ** not want to be a part of it ** . 
  but why should they be ignored ? 
  because of , well , that ? 
  it should , but it 's never going to happen . 
  if one was implemented , it 'd be full of people appointed by the very people they 're supposed to keep an eye on , and would be subject to the `` leadership '' of the people they 're supposed to investigate . 
   well i guess that 's what being french is about i think you have to also drink wine for it to count . 
  needs more jam . 
   `` all of that should be revisioned every 2 years , based on new statistics . '', 
  at the cost of a quadrillion moneys . 
  i do n't really see what anyone is hoping to achieve by centralizing it . 
  aside from being able to force countries to have a certain level of social security - which the eu could mandate anyway - what 's the actual benefit ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  in terms of representation , it 's exactly like that . 
  in terms of what they do , there are also some similarities . 
   there is n't a single document that could be called `` the constitution of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' . 
  that 's nothing unique , though . 
  sweden has four constitutions . 
  one concerning the government , one concerning the monarchy , and two concerning various freedoms . 
  and all atoms are infinitely large ( or probabilistically distributed over an infinitely large volume of space , anyway ) in theory , so you 're currently on jupiter . 
  on paper , anyway . 
  realistically , less so . 
   organizing weddings is the usual story . 
  then again some people seem to get married quite often ... 
  which does n't necessarily say anything . 
  if you happen to be that guy in the family who owns a van , you 'll be tasked with all such errands for every member of your extended family when they get married . 
  you * can * buy 200 liters of beer for personal use , and then buy another 200 liters a month later , and it * is * all perfectly legitimate . 
  he probably had two shopping carts . 
  the same applies when bringing alcohol back from germany to sweden . 
  they do n't care how much you bring . 
  they do check that you have n't gone over the registered max load for your car , though . 
  and people get caught for that . 
  in minivans . 
  for personal consumption . 
   as long as nobody gets hurt it 's like a really wild party . 
  people should n't be forced to wear armor and shields just because someone decides to throw a party . 
  there also tends to be a lot of property damage , and the people who throw bottles never stick around to clean up afterwards . 
  actual football does involve throwing , you know ? 
  not very often , but enough so to be worth practicing . 
   man it 's really too bad most people know you now ... no need to . 
  the trolling is pretty obvious . 
   no , that 'd be americans , pretty much everywhere . 
  at least around here , the american tourists are always very nice . 
  a bit loud and prone to talking a bit more than is entirely culturally appropriate , and they tend to look a bit lost at all times , but nice . 
  you can usually identify the dialect instantly . 
  you might not be able to place it precisely , but it 's usually easy to tell if someone is american or from elsewhere . 
  it 's still dumb . 
  but maybe i 'm just biased as a swede . 
   lots of mostly wooden houses in all sorts of colours . 
  this is probably the most typical housing areas here , and how most smaller towns and villages look too . 
  this varies a lot depending on where in the country you are . 
  in scania where there has always been plenty of clay and few forests , everything is made of bricks . 
  wooden houses are * very * rare in suburbs . 
  it 's all bricks , bricks , and more bricks . 
  iceland should be about one british-isles-width west of ireland . 
  even with the non-mercator projection of the map taken into account , it still seems too far east . 
  most of the listed ones are no-name bands , but it still indicates a high degree of interest . 
  the map implies 480 bands in turkey , so clearly not very . 
  iceland was moved to fit on the map , and ended up stealing the faeroese spot . 
  forest fires are n't all that much of a problem in most places . 
  animals exhale co2 . 
  no forest means no animals . 
  no animals means less co2 . 
  environment , yay !, 
   i disqualify it automatically on my top anthem list because i know everyone is already in love with it . 
  so you do n't include if on your list of best anthems because it 's too good and it would n't be fair ? 
   france going after the eu countries enabling this avoidance is n't as popular it seems . 
  not among the ones enabling it , anyway . 
  this is what spy agencies do . 
  all of them . 
  for some reason it seems to confuse people whenever spies get caught actually doing something , despite the fact that every country spends a whole bunch of money on espionage . 
   i think it would be a good way ... good for the countries they go to . 
  bad for the hopes of the countries they came from ever recovering . 
  the ones you 'd choose to go would probably also be the ones who would be most useful for rebuilding the country . 
  it 's not supposed to help much . 
  if it did , there would n't be any point in having a parliament . 
  i think the f-35 falls into the prototype category too . 
  while it 's `` almost done '' on paper , it has stayed that way for quite some time , and still works so poorly that a lot of the time it ca n't even be tested because it ca n't get off the ground due to computer issues . 
  natural selection requires selective pressure , so let 's go apply some !, 
  i 'm pretty sure the warranty on fighter jets is void as soon as you take off on a combat mission anyway . 
   by your logic , if i sell my customer an ar-15 well and fully knowing that he is going to slaughter some guy , do i not have a duty of care . 
  the more comparable scenario is where you sell someone a rifle and forty years later his half-brother kills someone with it during a dispute that did n't begin until decades after the sale . 
  is that really your fault ? 
  if you 're willing to get creative with not-entirely-compatible hardware , you could probably buy some bombs from china , russia , sweden , and a bunch of others too and make that work . 
  yeah , and it gets worse if you use `` competence '' . 
  being fit to govern does n't mean everyone will recognize it or that you 're very good at campaigning .
