  the flairs must flow . 
   same in sweden , people say they like diversity but when it reaches a certain level they gfto . 
  and that level is usually in the single digits when it 's your own neighborhood . 
  even with no prior knowledge of the neighborhoods , you can guess which places have a lot of immigrants simply by looking at voter statistics . 
  i do n't think the point is that we should n't mind , but that we should n't panic . 
  it 's not the end of the world and it 's not a threat to western democracy unless people allow it to be . 
  it would cost more to collect than to just build a wall . 
  fine . 
  unfit people not allowed . 
  i 'd say it 's very different from * nordlendingen * , as it 's missing the key syllanble of `` land '' . 
  a bit of both . 
  just with different troops . 
  it 's actually not a minimum speed , but a minimum blood alcohol level . 
  this is finland . 
  they do n't do communication . 
  note how they even camouflaged the tank just so they would n't have to talk to anyone . 
  the sign was probably installed by swedes . 
  i think that might make you dumber . 
  i 'm sure enduring that shit builds character . 
  sure , but it 's not like lord of the rings is going to make you any smarter either . 
  of course . 
  love for the germans is mandatory and strictly enforced . 
  can you count each book in the bible as one ? 
  probably a good thing . 
  interacting with actual people surely has to be better than watching fictional people talk about fictional events ? 
  it 's true , though . 
  reading one wikipedia article per year about any subject is probably preferable to rereading 50 shades or twilight or something every year . 
  because the `` traditional '' stuff actually works . 
  that 's a big bonus . 
  no can do , because `` the great war '' already refers to the first one on its own . 
  maybe that 's just the delusions and hallucinations talking ? 
  the burquini is swimwear , same as a wetsuit . 
  it 's not very common among beach-goers , but it was made specifically for that purpose and is never used for anything other than going into water or hanging out near it before/after going into it . 
  and then someone tries to simplify it by naming something `` the 100 years war '' despite the fact that it 's really a series of war , with periods of peace in between that occasionally lasted decades . 
  it also did n't last a hundred years . 
  really , people suck at naming things . 
   a hijab is also a cultural wear , not a religious one , so it does n't fall under the `` freedom of religion '' law as many like to erroneously point out . 
  it * is * religious wear if you belong to one of the nuttier groups , as they 've made it a thing . 
  of course , very few people actually do . 
  they have to match the stars on the flag . 
  they did n't have any say about the revolution and their votes did n't count for all that much in the national elections , since they 're just one small region . 
  i 'm not saying they 'd rather be russian , just that no one has really asked them . 
  a revolution in kiev . 
  the people of crimea and donbass did n't revolt . 
  they just had their government overthrown and replaced by a violent uprising happening far away . 
  of course they 're not going to have any warm fuzzy feelings about the new regime . 
  sure , but the shotgun was made in the uk . 
   then by your logic they should have every right to be independent ? 
  by means of referendum ? 
  sure . 
  by means of revolution ? 
  more questionable . 
  of course , the peaceful solution usually is n't that simple , but we ca n't assume that every revolutionary always has popular support . 
   how can you invade your own country ? 
  the second half of sentence is key : disagreements about just what the country is and who owns it . 
  the whole point of being a separatist is that you disagree when people living at the other end of the state claim that the area is `` theirs '' . 
  from the point of view of the people on the receiving end of the incoming troops , they 're being invaded . 
  of course , the people doing the invading will always call it something else . 
  most of the ukrainian troops being sent to donbass probably had n't even been there before . 
  the same goes for the russians , obviously . 
  but the point is that if the locals do n't want to be liberated , you ca n't liberate them against their will . 
  foreigners just do n't understand logistics . 
  well , they were europeans . 
  the americans had to actually come from somewhere . 
  you can find something wrong with any place . 
  that does n't mean you could create a better one . 
  * everything * can go wrong if you 're creative enough . 
  that does n't mean that everything is a bad idea . 
  no , but how many people actually say that these days ? 
  no jobs . 
  people do n't have much choice . 
  they 're not getting any jobs anyway and it 's not like people in the parts of cities where they actually end up living likes them any more . 
  it even has french guyana . 
  south america gets to play on the map of europe , but belarus does n't . 
  iceland is trying but does n't have enough canvas to paint the same picture . 
   i would argue that , as of now , syrians are `` worse '' than somali . 
  unlikely . 
  syrians have an education , and while they do n't know finnish , they do know an internationally useful language ( arabic ) . 
  they ca n't exactly get work right away , but they 're not a lost cause . 
  i think it says more about education . 
  somalian immigrants rarely have any at all , and when you 're 13 years behind high school graduates and do n't speak any useful language , you 're probably screwed . 
  have fun catching up . 
  how well you score on iq test does n't really say anything other than how good you are at taking that kind of test . 
  all kinds of estonians can show up for a brief vacation or whatever . 
  american immigrants are pretty much all either academic who came to work or tourists who specifically chose to go to finland . 
  both are generally nice . 
  it 's a very biased sample . 
  these days * v\u00e5ld * just means `` violence '' . 
  `` islamist '' is a pretty broad term . 
  i do n't think the average loud radical would make it through basic training . 
  someone might get the idea that books are flammable . 
  just specialize in ugly pottery . 
  but i guess that might be fun to break . 
  buckets ? 
  process asylum requests from elsewhere , closer to where refugees are actually coming from . 
  offer war refugees temporary housing in the region and financial help with rebuilding when the war ends , rather than taking people in pretty much permanently the way it 's done today . 
  it will make life worse for some refugees , but better for others . 
  the ones who 'll benefit the most will be the ones who ca n't afford to pay someone to smuggle them into europe . 
  as a bonus , those smugglers might go out of business . 
  if anyone who applies for asylum from inside a eu country is automatically denied , there 's really no point in making the trip .
