  few people have anything against well integrated roma , while not even roma like gypsies . 
   ca n't lhc already generate every known particle ? 
  which would mean that to learn of new ones , we 'll need a bigger one !, 
  if nothing else , they 'll make for pretty neat tourist attractions . 
  come take a tour of the giant underground particle accelerator from back when these things were not only too big to fit on your desk , but too big to even be practically built above ground . 
  did you know that terrorists make bombs out of subatomic particles ? 
  is that a fairly small hadron collider in your pocket or are you just happy to see me ? 
  might as well go all the way and start building the galactic hadron collider . 
  m\u00e4lardalen is north of stockholm , though . 
  i 've never seen a store that actually sold it . 
  just imagine the troll links . 
  cadaverrolling would be the internet 's new favorite sport . 
   is n't it your national dish up there ? 
  not really national . 
  only people from north of stockholm eat it , and you ca n't even get it anywhere in the southern half of sweden ( unless you `` import '' it yourself ) . 
  since most people live in the south , the majority of swedes find it just as weird and repulsive as non-scandinavians do . 
   scientists fear the noxious fish cloud could spread as far syria stalling already fragile peace talks . 
  they could just send the can there . 
  there would be an immediate ceasefire as everyone tried to hold their breath indefinitely or vomit from the stench ( or both ) . 
  it would n't do it justice . 
  99 % of the experience is the smell . 
  no point , as britain does n't have much of a winter anyway . 
  it 's just autumn all the way to spring . 
   the primary form of identification within the us are state issued drivers licenses ; photo ids are available for those who ca n't drive , but the dl is by far the most common . 
  the same usually applies when traveling within the eu . 
  my swedish id card works fine in denmark . 
   check out the street-view , it is a gated community . 
  to be fair , it probably has to be to keep environmental activists out . 
   what do you have against florida ?!, 
  for starters , / r/floridaman lives there . 
  i think it 's more that people wait and see what happens before making any judgment , rather than simply not caring . 
  the outcomes of the various revolutions that happened in the last few years have been varied , so most people have a less romantic view of revolutionaries today than they did five or ten years ago . 
  change is n't necessarily always for the better no matter how good your intentions are . 
  syria is far worse off than it was before and egypt went from revolting against a dictatorship to revolting against the elected government that replaced it . 
  meanwhile , tunisia seems to be doing fine . 
  i know the history of it . 
  i 'm just saying that those pictures on their own do n't say much . 
  out of context , the sign and the milk store are n't so bad either . 
  i 've got both a bakery and a cheese store down the street that sell only bread and cheese respectively . 
  of course , there are tons of different varieties to choose from . 
   and comes from using google translate , because hiring a translator is ... expensive . 
  or just from hiring a translator that was n't all that great . 
  being run by a company that 's owned by a bank that 's owned by the state is not the same as being run by the state . 
   oh come on , like the netherlands would criticize russia during the olympics , probably part of a political deal made earlier . 
  or just common courtesy . 
  it 's not generally considered polite to insult the host , especially not during your visit . 
  to be fair , that store looks very well organized . 
  there 's hardly anything in it , but there are lots of possible reasons for that . 
  the pictures do n't really illustrate anything other than poverty . 
  never heard of it . 
  permafrost is a completely different ice-related phenomenon . 
   i 'm sure it 's also bloody cold . 
  if they get freezing rain it 's probably just below 0 \u00b0 c , so not * that * bad . 
  westerners will feel right at home . 
  i do n't think anyone expects them to be less warmongering than male defense ministers would be . 
  if the swedish government wanted a less warmongering defense minister , they probably would n't have gone with karin enstr\u00f6m as she 's a captain in the marine corps . 
   now , are they equal ? 
  do ( if ) both genders have to cut their hair short ? 
  are the requirements for both genders the same ? 
  is the time period longer for men ? 
  for sweden , the answers when i was in the military ten years ago were `` no one has to cut their hair short '' , `` exactly the same requirements '' and `` there are no separate rules for women '' . 
  military service was n't mandatory for women ( it 's no longer mandatory for anyone ) , but quite a few volunteered . 
  once there , there were no differences . 
  same sleeping quarters , same showers , same equipment , same physical exercises . 
  today military service is n't required for either gender , so it 's about as equal as it can get . 
  what , you do n't approve of constantin br\u00e2ncu\u0219i 's manly beard ? 
  you 're not going to find too many places that look like [ this ] ( https://lh3.ggpht.com/-mttxuqoiqhy/tpmvrf5zuzi/aaaaaaaaan4/rqine0hfhl4/s1600/silverberg.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://www.visitsweden.com/imagevault/images/id_4419/scope_0/imagevaulthandler.aspx ) in denmark , though . 
  looks like that whole wall has collapsed but leaned against the rest of the building so that it remains upright . 
  note how in the first picture the balconies go all the way down to the street and how the balconies facing the street are angled . 
  and a few thousand replaced windows . 
  the glass business must have been doing phenomenally well for a few years after the war ended . 
   ... flat land ... 
  which is a bit silly , since aside from the south and west coasts , sk\u00e5ne is n't any flatter than the rest of sweden . 
  half the province is forests and hills higher than anything you 'll find in denmark . 
  taking the train from stockholm to malm\u00f6 , you wo n't realize you 're in sk\u00e5ne until you 're already 2/3 of the way through it . 
  photoshop is from 1990 , actually , so it did exist in 1993 . 
  the photographs were probably not digital and likely were n't actually ` shopped , but the software for it did exist . 
  because they either have a legal right to stay or they do n't . 
  if they do n't , they should be deported . 
  if they do , the government should n't be bothering them . 
  if the government does n't respect the law , what 's the point of the law ? 
  `` please note that only state-approved tissue paper may be used for wiping handles . '', 
   why would we want to mass produce cheap small long-range probes i do n't know . 
  maybe to survey resources on asteroids ? 
  or dropping relatively cheap landers on various moons throughout the solar system . 
  jupiter has 67 moons , saturn has 62 , uranus has 27 and neptune has 14 , so there 's a lot of stuff to explore . 
  same as in sweden then . 
  the current swedish government does n't have a majority in parliament , but there are three rival factions that do n't get along and the current government got the most votes among the three . 
  they 'll be kicked out of government , but it wo n't affect their seats in parliament . 
  if they can form a coalition with the opposition , that now gives them the option to put forth a vote of no confidence in parliament against the sitting government . 
  if that passes ( which it will if the government ca n't secure a majority in parliament , unless the opposition * also * ca n't secure a majority ) , the government is forced to step down and the socialists who left government can form their own government . 
   ... and the football world cup too . 
  see , * that * is where you 're going wrong . 
  everyone knows that ice hockey is what it 's all about . 
  i 'm pretty sure you could find some fairly strong correlation between a country 's gdp and how many medals it wins during winter olympics . 
  it 's not * perfect * news , but definitely good . 
  i did n't realize the populations had been in decline . 
  there were tons of bats where i grew up . 
  good news either way . 
  it might not do much against rifle rounds but will still stop a knife .
