  considering it involves finland , i doubt too many people from southern sweden are involved or watching . 
  but what if one of those celebrities happens to make a controversial statement and fall out of favor ? 
  well , they used to also control most of the balkan peninsula , hungary and most of austria all the way up to vienna , along with most of ukraine and parts of modern russia . 
  and lots of russians too . 
  i shamelessly consider both to be european . 
  as expected , the top 16 entries are european countries . 
   it 's 5 points in one month , that 's a lot ... 
  depending on the survey , it may not even be statistically significant . 
   in germany there live about 16 million people with a migration background ... 
  i bet the majority are from neighboring countries , though . 
  at least in sweden , the biggest immigrant groups are finns and danes . 
  the smugglers have to be able to actually transport people , though , which requires some kind of initial investment . 
   now where is the alibis ? 
  everyone just shrugs and nods at everyone else . 
  there are a whole bunch of european countries that could do this if they wanted to . 
  the bar for being overweight is quite low and is based entirely on height and weight . 
  if you go to the gym regularly , you 're overweight . 
  if you have a physically demanding job , you 're overweight . 
  if you 're an athlete of pretty much any description , amateur or otherwise , you 're overweight . 
  happen to be short ? 
  you 're overweight by default , because the exponential scaling screws you over . 
   bmi works for most people . 
  above 30 , sure . 
  but at 25 ? 
  i would consider obesity numbers reasonably accurate , but `` overweight '' numbers to be little more than noise . 
  half-heartedly going to the gym for a year will make you overweight , as will having any job that involves frequent lifting . 
  the parts of canada where anyone actually lives are way south of finland , though . 
  while canadians have places to retreat to , they might not actually tolerate living there . 
  whether or not countries share records is another matter , though . 
  privacy laws may make that difficult . 
  considering that property values are bound to go down if there are a bunch of refugees living there , regardless of what they actually do , refusing them is probably a sound business decision . 
  even if you do n't expect the refugees to do anything bad , the fact that other people might be prejudiced against them will cost you money in the long run . 
  the people making the decision and the people having to figure out a way of doing it that does n't break the budget probably were n't the same . 
  some working in the administration was handed an impossible task , and this was the best solution they could find . 
  the person making the decision was n't necessarily elected . 
  this is just the practical details of figuring out exactly which apartments to house people in after the decision to accept a certain number of refugees has been made and a budget has been set . 
  whoever was tasked with actually making it happen probably was n't all that high up in the town 's political hierarchy . 
  it might . 
  it 's not supposed to actually prevent people from entering , just make sure that it 's so much effort that people go the legal route instead . 
  if the other people wish they had fences , sure . 
  it 's extra dumb to assume this one is n't staged , as it 's clearly a reference to a famous photograph . 
  that rarely happens by accident . 
  it was n't an austrian fence , though . 
  it was meant to keep people in , not to keep people out . 
  one says * you ca n't go anywhere except here * while the other says * you can go anywhere except here * . 
  big difference in the restrictions imposed . 
   nobody is being denied entry by any new laws . 
  they 're not even being denied entry . 
  they 're just not allowed to come and go exactly when and where they want . 
  the legal option of registering at a border checkpoint always existed . 
   the german producer refused because of `` human rights and those poor refugees '' moralizing bullshit . 
  also known as `` it 's not worth the bad pr at home , sorry '' . 
   so , there 's no direct relation between the dutch word for gold and the city of gouda do we know the origin of the name of the city ( or the river ) ? 
   i am not a marxist and i definitely see that there is a problem with the global economy , in which the wealth gap is increasing instead of decreasing . 
  that is a fact , not an opinion . 
  sure , but that does n't mean * everything * is part of that struggle . 
  just because something is bad for workers does n't mean it 's part of a conspiracy against workers . 
  countries are n't in debt because of some secret conspiracy . 
  they 're in debt because for decades people have been voting for the guy offering more things instead of the guy suggesting that maybe it 's time to pay of that debt rather than add to it . 
   people are so afraid of that label that even if something sounds more than plausible ... 
  this does n't sound all that plausible , though , and he ** is ** suggesting that there exists a conspiracy . 
  he 's saying that top level politicians all over europe are secretly conspiring to implement policies specifically to harm poor people . 
  it sounds a little far-fetched , does n't it ? 
  a lot of work for little result . 
  if you want to be upset about something , be upset about the increasing wage gaps and the fact that it 's seemingly happening entirely below the radar . 
   take a guess which . 
  every single one ever ? 
  the new national sport in among swedish politicians seems to be to build giant stadiums in every city that no one wants ( or can afford ) to use . 
   anarchist ? 
  non-aggression . 
  in theory , perhaps , but judging by the actual actions of most anarchist groups you can remove the `` non - '' part from that . 
  many of them are fantastic examples of why their ideas could never work . 
  it seems like the only anarchist groups that ever manage anything useful are the ones that treat anarchy more as a general theme than a way of doing things , and thus adopt a standard organizational structure with some vague anarchist elements . 
  when other people do it it 's a war , but when we do it it 's an exciting annexation adventure ? 
  destroying bp wo n't really achieve much , though . 
  the pieces will just be picked up by others who do n't have the media spotlight on them , who can probably get away with even worse . 
  if not for previous bp incidents , this would n't be a news story at all . 
  the only way to get any long-term change is to convince consumers to care about the environment , so that it 's profitable for companies to do the same . 
  unfortunately the environmental awareness movement has gotten stuck buying ecological fair trade coffee that barely helps anyone , while ignoring how it was shipped . 
   ... and we 've never had a war against each other ... well , that 's [ not entirely true ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_swedish_crusade ) ... 
   why does n't sweden register and take the refugees , just like the dublin regulation says they should ? 
  they 're not always obvious . 
  it 's pretty easy to just get on a train through sweden if you want to . 
  with no passport requirements inside the eu , there are n't really any border checks . 
  the whole system relies on the `` border '' countries checking anyone who enters , because once inside the police ca n't really stop and question everyone who looks kind of foreign just in case they 're a migrant . 
   russia has such an incredibly violent past . . every country has a violent past . 
  the only ones that do n't are recently formed countries . 
   how do they simultaniously worship the tzar , proclaim him a saint , mourn the murder of him and his family and go full `` we ' r true orthodox people '' , whilst at the same time keep lenin and his mausoleum ... maybe they figure that the revolution was n't done as it should have been , but that some of the people involved in it still managed to get some things right ? 
  you can disagree with how the revolution happened but still think that it was ultimately a net positive . 
  you can skip the three years of coughing your lungs out due to copd before you die , though . 
  unless you get killed in an accident , living a shorter life does n't really mean you get to skip out on any of the suffering . 
   you were the chosen one !, 
  not really . 
  you just have to spend five minutes in denmark to realize that they smoke a lot , drink a lot , and eat fried pork as snacks . 
  them having a low life expectancy is hardly shocking . 
  actually enforcing that is going to be pretty much impossible , though . 
  politically , if not practically . 
  the beer tastes like diesel , though . 
  that 's pretty much how gym-goers feel about january . 
  every place is crowded with new people who have no idea what they 're doing , which would be fine if not for the fact that you know that 95 % of them wo n't stick to that resolution for more than a few weeks .
