  they 'd need to be 60-70 % of the total population to matter , and that 's assuming that none of them would be voting for non-immigrant parties . 
   or do n't ~ ~ get ~ ~ * make 360 liters of * wine while there you probably wo n't get this kind of punishment if it 's just a little bit of wine for personal consumption . 
  maybe they 'll write a nice letter of congratulations ? 
  that 's our excuse !, 
  get your own !, 
  yeah , but you do n't get to sit on one side and make up the rules that both sides have to play by . 
  of course you 'll value things differently . 
  that 's why there 's an issue in the first place . 
   a year in prison for possession of a home made wine . 
  supposedly 360 liters of home made wine , so it 's not like he had a bottle or two for dinner . 
   i dont remember sea lion . 
  then according to a common saying , you 're doomed to repeat it . 
  see you in england . 
   i do n't think its all that unreasonable to consider how much wealthier you are to someone before you call them entitled for wanting a piece of what you have . 
  you can consider it , but you do n't have to come to the conclusion that you have to give them anything . 
  especially not the people who make it all the way to northern europe , as they 're quite clearly no the people who are the worst off . 
  then we 'll all be initially excited , then terribly disappointed once we remember that 99 % of video game movies suck . 
  the [ far side of it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py_indubcxc ) , specifically . 
  just call it national communism \u00b2 . 
  or maybe international , as it involves a foreign , non-patriotic country . 
  that proportion is n't going to happen any time soon . 
  voter turnout among relatively recently arrived immigrants is very low . 
  even if they ended up being 51 % of the population , they 'd still be a political minority . 
   so if sweden/germany decide that their boat is powerful enough and they can save the world in order not to be called names , then let the damn boat sink . 
  if either boat should actually sink , it 'd drag down most of the neighboring countries with it . 
  it seemed like a good idea at the time . 
  it was before all the recent crises . 
  it 'll probably seem like a good idea again in five to ten years . 
   surely you 've heard of neighbours ?!, 
  i still know the first two lines of the theme song . 
  i do n't think i ever actually watched beyond that , though . 
  it really just comes down to the fact that colonies were very profitable back when you did n't have to care about the wellbeing of the natives . 
  everyone just wanted a piece of the easy money pie . 
   a veritable source , indeed . 
  on weather , probably . 
  try clicking the link you posted . 
  it 's not what you think it is . 
  always . 
  everything comes with downsides . 
  if they want unqualified workers who do n't speak the language then they can already recruit people from abroad without having them actually immigrate . 
  it makes no financial sense to spend a ton of money lobbying to import less qualified workers who are going to expect higher wages . 
   the list is not completely accurate ... 
  the lists generally do n't even try to rank how good the education is . 
  it 's usually just rankings of how influential the research being done is , which tends to result in a list of which universities love to cite each other . 
  the idea is usually that the money should go to the bordering countries where there are refugee camps housing millions , rather than spending all that money on helping the relatively few who make it to northern europe . 
  that way the same amount of money can help far more people , as the cost of living in germany is much higher than the cost of living in lebanon and jordan . 
   yeah , except if you used a fraction of the money you spend on the migrants as aid to poor countries , you could help tens of millions . 
  but they 're not where voters can see them and they 'll never get to vote back home , so what good does that do politicians ? 
   ... so 10 % of the population of sk\u00e5ne is affected by this . 
  fewer than 5 % , but it 's a lot . 
   the problem is that they are showing it is working and this will cause other people to do it as well . 
  only if they do n't arrest anyone . 
   this is basically saying we are scared and letting terrorism win . 
  this does n't really seem like terrorism . 
  if the goal is to blow people up as a political statement , you do n't send out warnings . 
  they also provided a lot of useful services , especially the monasteries , so it was n't all bad . 
  the church basically offered affordable health care , agricultural education , plant breeding , etc. 
  it was n't * all * bad . 
  most people in the church meant well and did well . 
  yes and no . 
  same overall design , but you have to rearrange the stars to have them form a nice new pattern . 
  it 's not as if the old 48 star design had two convenient empty spots where you could just put two more stars . 
  the 48 star flag was a square 8x6 pattern , while the 50 star flag is a 5x4 pattern within a 6x5 pattern . 
  it was during a crusade , so they were totally there to enlighten and liberate the estonians . 
  bringing them the word of god and freedom from pagan tyranny . 
  and coincidentally also liberating some of their possessions . 
   sweden : a 3rd world country using the original meaning of the term , yes . 
  sweden was not allied with the us or the ussr during the cold war and so was considered part of the neutral `` third '' world . 
  on paper , anyway . 
  in practice both the east and west assumed that sweden would side with nato if there was a war . 
   after learning i was from germany , a student asked me how long the bus ride from germany to pcb was ... just get on a bus to kamchatka and wait for the next ice age to come around so you can cross into alaska . 
  it 's close to europe . 
  i think it 's a valid question , especially considering that syria does border a ( partially ) european country . 
  syria is close enough that it 's not necessarily a case of not knowing where syria is or where europe is , but simply not knowing exactly where the southern border of europe really is . 
   most coming here just think the european countries are states with richer histories and a lot of autonomy of europe . 
  i guess that from the perspective of the us or india or china , there 's not really that much difference between one large country with highly autonomous states and a union between countries that are not entirely sovereign . 
  while * europe * certainly is n't a country , whether or not the * european union * is a country or not is mostly semantics and both `` yes '' and `` no '' are useless as answers . 
  they had an okay start going during the middle ages . 
  it did n't work out , but they certainly tried . 
  maybe they thought they knew what they were going into ? 
  it 's hard to judge temperatures you 're not familiar with . 
  -20 \u00b0 c is just a number , until it hits you in the face . 
  they 'd probably just go to germany . 
   dunno how the northernmost lads survive . 
  you get used to it . 
  and if you know what 's coming , you 'll spend all year mentally preparing for it . 
  you also know when it will get better again , and that the long nights in the winter is the price you pay for the long days in the summer . 
   plus there 's all these tasty mammoths over thattaway , yum . 
  mostly there just was n't anyone living over there yet . 
  so you can stay where you are and work for scraps on someone else 's farm , or you can travel a week that way and build a farm of your own . 
  not a hard choice . 
  even if that land is slightly less fertile , it 's still better than staying in overpopulated regions . 
   so newcomers - prepare for couple of centuries of adaptation !, 
  you can eat d vitamin supplements and be fine . 
  it 's what immigrants ( and many others ) living up north do . 
  you might not think to do that if you 're new , though , and the very idea that you need to eat pills to survive the winter might be rather unsettling . 
  the ghettos are n't very ghetto , though . 
  the standard of living is n't actually bad there . 
  that 's the german way , not the swedish way . 
   it kind of makes me wonder where the hell they are going to live the government has no idea either .
