  - dusts off holy roman crown jewels -, 
  because of regulations that are intentionally kept that way , as anyone who bought an overpriced house or apartment would be very upset if prices went down . 
  a lot of people made a lot of money when their city-owned rental apartments were turned into privately owned apartments and got sold to the tenant for a tiny fraction of the actual market value . 
  those people would be upset if they lost that money , even if they 've only ever had it on paper . 
  and those groups have high voter turnout . 
  the young people who ca n't find any place to live have low voter turnout . 
  the government relies on v not voting against them , though , so they still need to worry about keeping v content . 
  without the indirect support of v , the alliance would have more mandates . 
  43.6 % including the supporting parties . 
  the opposition has 39.4 % , so losing either supporting party means the government falls . 
  sweden 's current government consists of three parties that do n't agree on much other than that the opposition should n't be allowed to be in power . 
  there is n't really any unified stance , so ministers just make statements on whatever they feel like . 
  they 've been in power for less than two years and have already come closed to being forced to call for new elections twice . 
  i think that 's a first ever . 
  they can fire him from his ministerial post , but no one can kick him out of parliament . 
  so he 'd have his seat and be allowed to vote , but he would n't be a member of the government . 
  and given the parliamentary situation , his vote would have no relevance to anything . 
  it wo n't be enough to tip any scales . 
  expect him to have resigned before the end of the month . 
  pretty much everyone is calling for his resignation over this . 
  it 'll probably end his political career one way or another . 
  he 's definitely not getting away with saying it . 
  he 's probably one of the people the word should have been saved for . 
  very few people voted for him or his party . 
  they 're only in government because the social democrats are desperately trying to cling to power . 
  they do n't have a majority in parliament , but as long as they can get the greens on board they can at least avoid having a majority against them . 
  but they 've screwed over the greens so many times in similar situations in the past that they had to offer minister posts to convince the greens to cooperate with them this time . 
  the catch is that there are very few qualified people in that party , so you end up with guys like this . 
  joke 's on them . 
  the housing market in sweden is a clusterfuck , so no homes for anyone . 
  of course . 
  after all , he 's a member of the party that worked to get free public transit for all members of parliament and then proceeded to take tax-funded taxis more often than any other party . 
  the advantage notably meant that people actually understood the lyrics . 
   in my opinion its a totally useless chart then . 
  like showing which countries people are richest by showing highest incomes and not taking into account living costs . 
  worse . 
  it 's like showing income by summing up all the money everyone in a country makes , and then showing that number . 
  well , if nothing else then it can serve as an indirect metric of how much heavy industry there is , like mining , logging , oil fields , oil rigs , etc. 
  those jobs tend to pay pretty well because the hours suck and the risks are high , and the workers are also 99 % men . 
  probably not much , but to be fair it 's not really much of a story . 
  it could have been a `` goofy coincidence '' story if not for the whole terrorism thing , so it 's really just an anecdote that gets attention because it validates opinions people already have . 
  no one * actually * gives a shit about whether this guy was in a documentary or not . 
  it 's just sort of funny in a sadistic way because you know it makes people you dislike uncomfortable . 
   she is not the person that decides if something goes to trial . 
  when it comes to this particular charge , the government does have that authority . 
  she wisely chose to let the courts decide for themselves instead . 
   so ... why did she give the `` go ahead '' then ? 
  she did n't . 
  she just said she was n't going to do anything , since people had been speculating . 
   the internet is not anonymous - you can be tracked . 
  you can make yourself * very * difficult to track if you 're just going to upload a bunch of data . 
  as long as the data itself ca n't be tracked back to you , anyway . 
  that 's why they 're asking the rest of europe for help . 
   yup , people are voting for the wrong option . 
  people are voting about something they 're not going to be able to make an informed decision about . 
  99.999 % of voters are n't going to even glance at the actual text . 
  they 'll just tell them whatever people who most likely have n't read the text either tell them that they should because of vague but scary reasons . 
  a lot of people read party programs before general elections , but no one is going to read a trade treaty . 
  they should n't need that ability . 
  the courts should throw it out if it violates freedom of speech . 
  it might take a while to get that far , though . 
  i think pretty much every country does this . 
  some just have formal names that are so unwieldy that no one ever bothers to say them , like the * federal republic of germany * or the * united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland * . 
  it 's already the name in a number of other languages . 
  in sweden it 's * czechien * ( though not spelled quite like that ) , which mirrors * italien * , * spanien * , * serbien * , * bulgarien * , etc. 
  and replace countries with corporations and you 've got left wingers . 
  everything is everyone 's fault , no matter which side you ask . 
  in this case a `` leading '' position breeds megalomania , trying to save the whole world without any sense of whether or not that 's possible . 
  you can restore it once you 're done mining . 
  it 's not as if it 's permanently like that . 
   states are the main perpetrators of human deaths during history . 
  corporations on the other hand just want to make money . 
  the east india company and the international association of the free congo show that it 's not quite that simple . 
  there have been corporate genocides , including 10 million dead in congo . 
  maybe they just do n't have much else to do . 
  bor\u00e5s is n't exactly an exciting place . 
  it 's a town halfway between gothenburg and j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping where nothing really ever happens . 
  they have a pretty good football team , but that 's about it . 
   there 's also a bit of echo chamber going on to be honest made worse by the fact that people who do n't want half of their front page to be about immigration end up unsubscribing . 
   i know this sounds very harsh and evil but let me explain : considering how majority of swedes willingly choose politicians who embrace islamism ... you have to consider the parliamentary situation at the time . 
  there * was * no opposition . 
  it did n't matter who you voted for , and up until 2010 any vote for a party other than the ones already in parliament was wasted as they 'd never get the 4 % necessary to enter . 
  even in 2010 and 2014 , there was no realistic chance of any immigration-critical party actually gaining any meaningful influence , so voting for them meant not getting a say in which of the two established blocs would form a government . 
  and with those blocs being * pro-immigration * and * extra pro-immigration * , a lot of people went for the `` lesser evil '' . 
  which worked out okay until the supposedly less-immigration-friendly prime minister decided to ignore what had been said during the election campaign and make a deal with the most radically pro-immigration party . 
  so basically there was n't an option to * not * vote pro-immigration , and even when people tried they were betrayed by politicians and ended up with an extremely pro-immigration government anyway . 
  that government lost the next election and the prime minister 's career in politics was pretty much dead , but at that point the damage was already done . 
  that does n't mean it makes sense to close them if you do n't actually have a new plant to replace them with . 
  how about appeals to the great carolingian and napoleonic legacy ? 
  luxembourg has been french in the past ; surely it can become french again ? 
   except it is n't , not really on the time scale the materials are dangerous . 
  that 's a pretty fuzzy subject , though . 
  it 's in the nature of radioactive decay that until an atom actually decays , it is harmless , and after it has decayed , it has turned into something else . 
  so while it 's possible for a sample of something radioactive to be both highly radioactive and radioactive for a very long time , it 's not going to be highly radioactive for a very long time . 
  that 's why radioactive waste is handled in steps . 
  at first it 's * very dangerous * for a short time , so you store it somewhere very safe . 
  then it 's * kind of dangerous * for a while , so you store it somewhere simpler . 
  then it 's * mostly harmless unless you eat too much of it * for a very very long time , and you pretty much have to bury it somewhere . 
  only if the payment covers the value of all the power that could have been produced between now and then . 
   fun , yes , but it 's quite pointless for objectivity , at least for baltics .
