   it 's not possible to revoke it retroactively . 
  it 's always possible . 
  just change the law that says you ca n't do it . 
  or ignore it and make a law saying it ca n't be enforced . 
  governments can do whatever they want unless someone walks into parliament with guns and physically stops them . 
   still , your 50 % breakdown is difficult to arrive at ( impossible , if we 're talking about violent crime , which we are ) . 
  the far left total is ~ 1200 . 
  the far right total not counting * hets mot folkgrupp * is ~ 800 . 
  and 1200 is 50 % higher than 800 ( 1200-800 = 400 , which is half of 800 ) . 
  looking it up , this seems to have happened already . 
  cheese from west bothnia does n't have any protection , while something called * svecia * from kalmar does . 
  i 've never heard of the latter . 
  native swede living in malm\u00f6 checking in . 
  it 's fine . 
  just do n't go to the bad neighborhoods ; same as any city . 
  i 'd feel a lot less safe if i was jewish , though , and would not wear a kippah in public . 
  he 's about ten thousand years too late for that . 
  a short-sighted protectionist measure . 
  * we do n't have gmos yet , so we 'll ban them and never adopt this new technology . 
   nearly all modern crops come from patented seeds . 
  and there 's just as much science behind it . 
  artificially selected seeds also come from a lab . 
  it 's quite interesting to visit them , actually , because it feels almost surreal to see people running advanced spectroscopic analysis on freshly baked bread and brewing tiny batches of beer to analyze . 
  and it 's at least as embarrassing as the whole creationism thing . 
  millions of people ignoring all evidence just because someone who knows nothing about the subject told them that it was n't compatible with their beliefs . 
  and all of them , without a single exception , are the product of artificial selection . 
  they 're no more `` natural '' than gmos . 
   not in a country with rule of law , unless you can prove specific criminal intent . 
  or unless public opinion says so . 
  laws can be changed if public opinion shifts . 
   ... but you 're using the slippery slope argument if you think this will allow genetically modified animals . 
  genetically modified animals is n't such a terrible thing anyway . 
  just look at the [ belgian blue ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fc/kamp-_bambino_vd_ijzer_copy.jpg/1920px-kamp-_bambino_vd_ijzer_copy.jpg ) - that 's ** not ** genetically engineered . 
  anything you can fuck up using genetic engineering can also be `` achieved '' with artificial selection . 
  it 's not inherently more dangerous . 
  it is n't even any more unnatural than artificial selection is , considering that [ retroviruses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retrovirus ) have been using the same techniques for a billion years . 
  that 's pretty much how we figured out how to do it . 
   also we have many naturally evolved breeds and seeds , so we also manage quite well in that . 
  but for how long will they be competitive ? 
  this is a bit like not using tractors because you do n't like them , and making do with horses . 
  it works , but it 's less efficient and more costly in the long run , and at some point you 're going to end up either adopting the new technology or living in relative poverty . 
  not even that . 
  poland could use the technology just as well as anyone else . 
  this is just the irrational result of fear mongering . 
  everyone has a whole bunch , but only a few are actually worth anything . 
  the name * champagne * is valuable . 
  the name * v\u00e4sterbottenost * is n't very ( but put that on any cheese in sweden and the price goes up by 50 % ) . 
   you really have to pick and choose to come up with that answer ... 
  i just left out hate speech , as that legislation is pretty much written specifically against the far right . 
  both categories include ~ 1200 crimes in total each . 
  in the far right category , ~ 400 of those are hate speech . 
  in the far left category , 0 . 
  if you exclude that , you get ~ 800 for the far right and ~ 1200 for the far left . 
  the other categories are harder to really say much about , as some are very broadly or arbitrarily defined . 
  if you throw a rock at a police officer , that 's * brott mot allm\u00e4n ordning * . 
  if you throw a rock at anyone else , that 's * brott mot liv och h\u00e4lsa * . 
  one is n't inherently more or less violent than the other , but the former also includes nonviolently disobeying police orders . 
  without more detailed statistics , any attempt at interpreting that data is just speculation . 
  this was aired on swedish public service tv in january , so it 's not exactly new content . 
   ... i talk about how many people from predominantly muslim countries hate the jews ... 
  this has been reported about in swedish mainstream media for years . 
  it 's a known problem but a difficult one to solve . 
   i also say that the scariest thing to a swede is being called a racist ... not true . 
  it 's just not an easy problem to address , especially since it 's not universal among all immigrant groups and a lot of the perpetrators are second generation immigrants . 
  that mostly shows that the crimes are of different types . 
  the far right are more likely to assault or murder you , while the far left is far more likely to steal or destroy your stuff , cause riots and disruptions , and are more than three times more likely to do things that indirectly endanger the lives of others . 
  if you ignore the crimes that cause no physical harm to anyone or anything , the far left commit ~ 50 % more crimes according to the statistics you linked . 
  that 's the thing . 
  you ca n't directly compare the price of a beer . 
  people in norway make more money ; they have to as everything is more expensive . 
  it 's mostly a matter of lopsided exchange rates and is really only relevant when trading between the two countries . 
   it was pretty strange playing the game and understanding half of the words . 
  that 's kind of how it feels playing anything viking-inspired as a swede . 
  if they did their research , the names actually make sense and add flavor . 
  if they did n't , it 's kind of awkward to run into a king named after a goat or a bear named after the serpent that surrounds the world . 
   i expected something like german vs. swedish . 
  it sounds like it 's about the same as german and swedish . 
  knowing only one language , you 're not really going to understand anything of the other . 
  a word here and there , but there 's a 50-50 chance it 'll just sound similar but mean something completely different ( like tablett/tablett and kopf/kopp ) . 
  it makes sense considering he 's a coyote , which are closely related to wolves . 
  that would n't actually work , though . 
  that small community would just be overrun by migrants from the places they did n't fix . 
  unless you also fix the poorest areas , fixing anything else is meaningless . 
  it 's not a map of population density . 
  it 's a map of population growth , and it shows that it has gone down in * every * african country in the past fifty years . 
  in the most extreme case , kenya went from having the highest population growth in the world to being at a level that would n't have been out of place in european country in the 1970s . 
  there 's still a lot of work to do , but the outlook is n't as grim as it once was . 
  sitting here now , and not a single isis member is shooting at me . 
  do n't believe the media bullshit . 
  90 % of the violence in the city is related to drug smuggling and has been going on since the 1990s at least . 
  it 's got nothing to do with immigrants . 
  the so-called ghettos are decent neighborhoods with very high unemployment figures , but you could walk right through them and never know it was supposed to be a bad neighborhood . 
   it 's kind of like christians forbidden to eat crabs ( eheh , sure ) that 's a jewish thing . 
  i believe there 's some clarification in the new testament that it does n't apply to the new covenant or whatever . 
  basically it applies if you 're a jew who converted to christianity , but not for anyone else who converted to christianity . 
   take our ( croatian ) government as an example . 
  they 're literally learning from their own mistakes , one at the time ; making a lot of mistakes , and learning from them painfully slow . 
  it 's better than making mistakes , refusing to acknowledge that you made a mistake , refusing to acknowledge that a mistake could ever be made , claim that even suggesting that there might be a mistake is xenophobic , learn nothing , and repeat . 
  the us had to say that to avoid it coming across as an occupation , though , and in that case they 'd have even more insurgents or larger scale rebellions . 
  any way of doing it comes with major downsides .
