  there 's a narrow part called * flintr\u00e4nnan * that 's much deeper , which is where heavier traffic has always had to go . 
  the part where the bridge is was never really passable to large ships anyway . 
   ever heard of retirement age ? 
  which is exactly why authorities wo n't be overly keen on allowing you to change your age , because then * everyone * would start to want to change their age to whatever is most convenient . 
  it 's a question of how much it matters , though . 
  when you 're 16 \u00b1 2 , that error margin definitely matters . 
  when you 're 70 \u00b1 2 , it 's entirely irrelevant . 
  unless you want to adjust your age by  10 years , there 's little reason for the government to actually care . 
  because there 's a law specifically allowing you to change your gender under * very * specific circumstances . 
  unless there is a similar law for age ( and there 's no reason to create one ) , it 's just not possible to change your age . 
  i do n't think there 's any actual legal means of redefining your age like that . 
  you can probably appeal the age that was originally entered into the system , but not 20 years later . 
   are you expecting the border guards to just watch them starve to death or something ? 
  well , they 'd have to do that for some cases regardless , or you 'd be able to get in anywhere you want just by hunger striking outside . 
  it 's people who lie about their age and where they 're from in order to get asylum and easy money . 
  you have a much better chance of getting asylum if you 're a child , and you 'll get better living conditions while waiting for a decision . 
  it 's also easier to have your family join you . 
  they get sorted out eventually , as illustrated by this case , though as this case * also * illustrates they can sometimes make a huge mess before they 're kicked out . 
  it sounds like the kind of thing lots of people would say if no reporters were around . 
  or just to hide from media photographers on his way into and out of the court . 
  the judge can just ask him to remove it if that makes any difference . 
  it 's not like the judge is new to the whole trial business . 
  pretty much . 
  judging by that picture , it would n't be unreasonable to ask him for id at a bar . 
  that could just be the picture and he could very well be much older , but he looks like he could easily be under 18 . 
  though 15 is a stretch . 
   you get no inkling of what it may be just because you see a sentence saying something is n't being displayed to you . 
  you would n't if that 's all the information you had , but you know who the person is and you can see everything about them that 's not hidden , so it might be able to get some rough idea about what 's hidden if you can know for sure that something is . 
   not really , there 's a huge difference between removing and editing . 
  the two overlap . 
  if you selectively remove certain parts of something , you 've edited it . 
  if you edit a part of a text to say something else , you 've removed the original wording . 
   this is a bad post and op should feel bad . 
  it 's a funny post , though . 
  it is n't insightful political commentary , but let 's face it ; nothing ever upvoted on this sub is . 
   ( catalunya if you hate spain ) and considering this is from catalonia , that seems probable . 
  \u00c5 is superior . 
  seems sensible to add it to searches where nothing is hidden too , otherwise you 'd know that there was hidden content any time it showed up , which goes against the intent of the whole thing . 
  that would n't be much of a problem for a swede . 
  it 's 99 % about how you open the can and 1 % about combining it with enough tasty food that you do n't even notice it at all . 
  if you had some and was n't told what it was , you would n't have any idea that it 's supposedly disgusting . 
  yeah , but nothing that is n't insane gets traction with / r/conspiracy . 
  pretty much by definition . 
  if it 's rational and sensible it 's off topic there . 
   this is the most commmon and ill informed meme . 
  it * is * accurate . 
  it 's just not the full picture . 
  during the 2001 war , afghan soldiers who had been trained to fight against the soviets fought on both sides , both for and against the taliban . 
  so the above statement was true , but left out half of the story . 
  do those people * actually * exist ? 
  it seems to mainly be a strawman used against easily available abortion , but these people seem to be terribly difficult to actually find . 
  there are certainly people who use it as a backup plan , but does anyone use it as their plan a ? 
   as far as i know , most people who 've set their minds on having an abortion are n't deterred from it because there 's a co-payment of a couple of $ 's . 
  but the people who are probably are n't the ones who should be keeping the baby , and the amount of money you 'd get from co-payments for this would be trivial . 
   also households are much richer than when baby boomers were born . 
  not if you account for inflation and debt . 
  we may seem to have more stuff now , but it 'll take our whole lives to pay off the cost of a medium sized apartment , so we do n't really own any of that stuff . 
  banks do . 
   so by that logic the most fertile religion will eventually out-compete all others . 
  assuming others are n't better at converting people , and that the religion does n't make them overly prone to religious wars or other high risk activities . 
  number of children is only one factor . 
   40 % of all christians are n't catholic . 
  most orthodox and protestant people tend to agree with the catholic church on most theological matters , though . 
   combining career with children is something only few people can really do . 
  it 's expected in sweden . 
  if you try to do anything else , you 're weird . 
  childcare is actually affordable here , though . 
  * fastlagsbullar * , yes . 
  the northerners have weird names for things . 
  it 's amazing what being [ the same country for 500 years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/habsburg_monarchy ) can do . 
   build those cheap modular houses . 
  a few thousand or even tens of thousands , sure . 
  let 's say a few hundred thousand , though exactly where you 'd buy them from would be a huge dilemma as there is n't an unlimited manufacturing capacity . 
  you still would n't have made even a dent in the housing shortage . 
   ballot boxes should be transparent ... yeah , i never really understood why we use plywood boxes when the votes are all in individual unmarked envelopes anyway . 
  sure , the first voter of the day gets to verify that it 's empty before it 's sealed until the counting , but it would be less work and less open to fraud if the box was just transparent . 
   and how successful were mainstream economists in predicting anything in the last few decades ? 
  that 's hard to really know , as anything they successfully fixed would n't have happened , so we 'd never know they did anything . 
   i 'd love to know why online newspaper comment sections attract people with such extreme reactionary views probably because it 's one of the few times they can actually express them . 
  it 's usually the kind of stuff you ca n't say in real life without alienating all your friends . 
  or maybe i 'm giving them too much credit and this is just yet another outlet for them . 
  and whether you have to live in a remote mining town in the middle of nowhere . 
  and the only acting unit in a glass of water is a molecule , but your predictions about how that glass of water will or should behave will be way off if you expect it to have much in common with how a molecule of water behaves . 
   because that is what the wast majority uses to make decisions in their life . 
  the economy of one person is n't the same a the economy of a nation , though . 
  what applies to one person does n't necessarily apply to ten million people . 
   nuclear plants have high upfront costs , are profitable for a while , and then when they stop they will keep costing money longer than the history of mankind so far ... hardly . 
  the nature of radioactive decay is that the worst of it decays the quickest by definition , so while there 's * something * left after a few hundred years , it 'll be fairly harmless . 
  it will still be radioactive , but only in the `` you can measure the activity '' sense and not the `` it 'll kill you '' sense . 
  depends on what you include as infrastructure . 
  the roads can be terrible , but if the ports and the railroads and the dams are in good condition , the overall rank can still be good . 
  yeah , but the catch is whether you * can * pay it off later . 
  one of the downsides of democracy is that people often favor spending over repaying even when it makes no financial sense to do so . 
  it 's beneficial to borrow now , but it might not be later , and if you increase spending now you might not be able to decrease it later . 
  still not very entertaining . 
  it being a reference is n't itself a reason to post it . 
  or some obscure impossible-to-reproduce bug in the system . 
  software works in mysterious ways . 
  there are now , but were there when this was posted ? 
  if they happen to be the fastest mainstream news site to get an article up , there 's not much to choose from .
