  `` who still has booze left from their latest trip to estonia ? '', 
  when you do n't live in the country and do n't get to vote anyway , your opinion is irrelevant and you do n't have to take any of it seriously . 
  hopefully those do n't run into problems with sheep rockets . 
  it was supposedly built in poland , so they have an excuse . 
  it could , if it had to in order to secure order . 
  that 's sort of an untested theory at the moment . 
  no democracies have been around for very long , relatively speaking . 
  it 's not much of a regime anymore , so it 's an excellent example . 
  they do n't actually govern any country anymore . 
  it is . 
  people in southern sweden similarly take the ferry to denmark ( you could use the bridge , but the ferry is cheaper . ), 
  trade numbers are always a bit weird when comparing small countries to large countries . 
  as with us trade numbers , most russian trade happens between states , but since they 're a federation , it does n't count . 
   tampons for wife , sweets for kids and cigarretes and sprite for ~ ~ himself ~ ~ * grandma *  a truly selfless man . 
  if you look at what they do rather than what they say , they 're often confusingly similar . 
  a lot of the really bad ones did quite well for themselves . 
  plenty have died of old age while in office . 
  stalin died of a stroke at 75 . 
  mao died of a heart attack at 83 . 
  i have n't heard about anyone having any real trouble as long as they rent legally . 
  renting illegally can result in problems , though . 
  the main problem is that if you ca n't ( or wo n't ) get a loan to buy a place , you 're often stuck renting apartments `` second hand '' which tends to mean for a limited time . 
  so you either lock yourself down in one place by buying it , or you move around a lot . 
  you ca n't easily get a first hand contract to rent a place for as long as you want/need it . 
  because no matter who they pick , that person wo n't win anyway . 
  that means they have more freedom than groups who think they have a chance ( or who want to seem like they think they do for political reasons ) . 
  no crisis , as it 's all highly regulated . 
  there 's a shortage of housing available in the vigger cities , with inflated prices as a result . 
  they 're high because of supply and demand , though , so the market is unlikely to crash . 
  more likely it 'll just encourage more new housing projects which will eventually bring prices down . 
  another financial crisis could potentially crash the market , as a lot of people would n't be able to afford the interest payments on their houses . 
  prices are inflated to the highest figures that people can afford to pay the interest , with little chance of paying back those loans before selling . 
  sounds pretty much the same as in sweden . 
  a burglar would n't be armed , because they gain nothing from being armed while it leads to a much harsher sentence if they 're caught . 
  in any kind of confrontation , their best bet will always be to try to run away . 
  home owners are n't armed because , well , what 's the point if burglars will immediately try to run away ? 
  part of that is also because of how the police prioritize what they investigate . 
  you 've got a fairly good chance of getting away with breaking and entering even if someone happens to get a quick look at you , but you 've got minimal chances of getting away with murder because the police will throw all their resources at that case . 
  you can in sweden . 
  each party ballot has a list of their candidates , and you can vote for a specific one ( assuming you vote for that party ) . 
  i honestly ca n't remember exactly how those votes are counted , but getting enough votes will basically move your name higher up on the list , which is a good thing if you 're # 5 and your party gets four seats . 
  there 's not much personal campaigning going on , though . 
  it 's never really been a thing in swedish politics . 
   ... especially when we are hosting as we are this year . 
  and last year . 
  i believe the only thing on tv in sweden that can compete with eurovision in terms of viewer numbers is the football world cup . 
  the contest is ridiculous , but that 's the appeal . 
  what kind of stuff are you interested in seeing ? 
  a visit to stockholm is n't complete without visiting at least one of the nearby islands . 
  if you want to avoid spending any significant amount of time or money , just take the subway to bergshamra [ and then walk to bockholmen ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/dir/59.3792856,18.0384313/59.3774871,18.0518479/@59.3512791,18.0724191,13z/data=!4m4!4m3!1m0!1m0!3e2 ) . 
  that and a visit to the old town should give you the whole stockholm experience in a day . 
  ca n't say that i 've ever heard about them . 
  the swedish routes do n't seem to go anywhere particularly interesting . 
  got any examples of such marked paths ? 
  sweden has a lot of paths for hiking , pretty much all of which are either through wild growth forests or across mountains . 
  in northern europe ( i ca n't really speak for the south or east ) you 'll see more clearly defined lines between `` center-left '' socialists , `` left-wing '' communists , and `` far left '' anarchists . 
  they 're not generally going to be seen as a single group or a single political leaning . 
  social democrats often have more in common with conservatives than they do with communists . 
  a lot of parties that are frequently labeled as `` far right '' also have essentially socialist economic policies , making the left-right distinction highly inadequate for describing them . 
  `` k '' for '' * kultur * '' ( culture ) . 
  it means the building is considered to have significant historical value and that special rules restrict what you can do with it . 
  it 's very common in some cities ( ones that rely on tourism in particular ) while other cities barely have any k-marked buildings . 
  aside from the name not making sense , the geography of it does n't seem to make much sense either . 
  culturally , we 'd probably get along fine . 
   where in the world people send greeting cards ? 
  sweden . 
  if people ca n't attend a birthday/wedding/whatever celebration they 'll usually send a card . 
  if they show up , they 'll probably bring a card . 
  everyone sends everyone ** massive ** amounts of cards for christmas . 
  facebook has largely replaced the cards people used to send when on vacation , but for everything else the card business is still doing just fine . 
  compared to swedish parties , the democrats are on the right side of the political spectrum . 
  most controversial political issues in the us have been completely uncontroversial in sweden for decades . 
  no one talks about gay marriage or abortion , because there 's no serious opposition to it . 
  it 's hard to accurately say exactly where the democrats are compared to specific swedish parties , though . 
  since the us only really has two parties , they 're both much broader . 
  sweden has eight parties in parliament , so each party is more narrowly `` focused '' . 
  * tjeckien * in swedish , which is about as close as you can get to spelling `` czechia '' while still making sense in swedish . 
  good social welfare . 
  free universities of good quality . 
  generous workers ' rights , including lots of vacation . 
  a political culture of consensus that keeps things stable . 
  culturally not that different from england . 
  the main downsides i can think of compared to england is that the housing market is a mess ( especially in stockholm ) and that the climate is significantly colder . 
  summers are nice , but temperatures do hit -20 \u00b0 c in the winter even in the south . 
   ... but dutch is n't that widely spoken and i 'd prefer to learn a language that is . 
  i guess that rules out sweden . 
  while everyone speaks english if necessary , things will still be a bit awkward if you ca n't speak swedish . 
  we do have an election coming up later this year that you can follow , though . 
  it 's bound to be a rather dull race between social democrats on one side and social democrats on the other side , with both of them trying to find issues they actually disagree on . 
  the majority of swedish computers run swedish os . 
  you do n't really hear anything unless you know a member . 
  there are definitely active ones in sweden . 
  in sweden , unlikely . 
  but that 's not really along your route anyway . 
   ... definitely among the top 50 sights in the world ? 
  that 's debatable . 
  i definitely would n't rank it very highly . 
  venice suffers from being over-hyped in media , and so ends up being very underwhelming when you see it . 
  i found it disappointing , but opinions will obviously differ . 
  the place is n't terrible , but if you take expectations into account , there are a thousand other places in europe that are more enjoyable to visit .
