  the only reason everyone has agreed to the current rules are because they could make exceptions . 
  if you remove the exceptions , that consent goes away and those countries will leave the union . 
  someone should tell azerbaijan . 
  implying that there 's a single `` elite '' group who collectively decide things . 
   i said it 's a manufactured issue and instead of agreeing or disagreeing and providing arguments for your position you said `` your opinion is invalid because the issue has popularity '' . 
  you 're misreading it . 
  the point being made was not * `` your opinion is invalid '' * , but * `` you do n't get to decide which opinions are valid '' * . 
  all voters get to decide for themselves what issues are important to them , and there is no right or wrong . 
  it 's all completely subjective . 
  between scania and r\u00fcgen , as i recall . 
  i do n't think anyone even knows how much it would cost to build at this point , though . 
  what , no love for the proposed tunnel between sweden and germany ? 
  that one might actually happen ( though probably not for another fifty years or so ) . 
   people defending a dictator should be called what they are . 
  you mean people defending * someone you think is * a dictator should be called what * you think * they are ? 
   apparently you are the judge that decides what words journalists are allowed to use . 
  no , but maybe what words they * should * use ? 
  this is just biased sensationalism and is just as much propaganda as what the russians are producing . 
  well , the point would be that the costs are the same regardless as all those unemployed youths cost a fortune in welfare . 
  creating jobs by retiring people also means you `` get rid of '' people gradually . 
  it may or may not actually work , but it 's not a terrible plan . 
   id also rather be americas bitch , than china 's or russia 's bitch . 
  the eu has more people and more money than the us , though . 
  it 's just not really used to secure any influence . 
  a step in the right direction is better than just standing around complaining . 
  it 's similar to creating jobs by reducing the number of hours people work per week . 
  if there 's high unemployment , it might be better that young people work than that old people continue working . 
  you 're going to be in a terrible spot 10-20 years from now otherwise , with a workforce that 's too old to keep going and no one with any experience to replace them . 
   t 's a big stupid thing to say or to believe to . 
  i do n't believe this guy is going to be clean and honest or work hard for the people . 
  he does n't have to be clean or honest or work hard for the people . 
  he just has to be * cleaner * and * more honest * and work at least a little bit for the people some of the time . 
  the real question is * whose * several billion euros ? 
  it 's a step in the right direction , at least . 
  increasing your spending is n't going to help . 
  making investments to increase how much you earn in the future is sound in theory , but there needs to be some actual plan for when and how you 're going to actually pay all that money back . 
  you ca n't simply spend your way out of a debt crisis ; thinking you can is how you ended up in that situation in the first place . 
   one perspective is only one perspective . 
  and one perspective plus a random collection of whatever the editor thinks will sell is still just one perspective . 
  it does n't provide you with any actual information , as you ca n't take anything they write seriously . 
  it * might * be true , but it might also be entirely fabricated , and you wo n't know which is which when reading . 
  reading about a story in a tabloid does n't provide you with any information , because you ca n't trust any of that information to be true . 
   well i it gives a different perspective on things . 
  that 's not worth much unless that perspective is based on any actual truth , though . 
  a made up point of view does n't really do you any good . 
  tabloids just print whatever they think will sell , without really picking any side . 
  it can be entertaining - which is how they stay in business - but do n't pretend that reading it will somehow provide you with any actual information . 
   the bias aside , one of those news networks relies far more on facts than the other . 
  i think they 're equally rubbish at this point . 
  cnn used to be good , but it 's been getting constantly worse for a decade or two . 
  and most tabloids do n't even have a side . 
  they just make up whatever they think will sell best . 
  he was also pretty good at herding large groups of migrants around . 
  or really terrible at it , depending on how you see the whole `` forty years in the desert '' thing . 
   these concepts are fundamental to the european union . 
  they 're fundamental to the * current * european union , which would explain why those parties are skeptical of it . 
   im sure polish people could afford tickets but norwegians could afford it much easier . 
  but there are far more poles , so they would n't all have to attend everything . 
  poland is also much easier to get to than norway , so it would be more affordable for foreign visitors . 
   most of them seem to want to eliminate at least one of the four freedoms . 
  it 's possible to eliminate one or more of those without being against a european union as a concept , though . 
  one could be in favor of free trade and military cooperation in europe without being in favor of free movement or a common currency . 
  being skeptical of how the eu currently does things is not the same as being against the idea of a european union . 
  in contrast , / r/worldnews is far right a lot of the time . 
  i do n't think the law had much to do with it in this case . 
  it was entirely expected if you 've been paying close attention to swedish politics . 
  the pirate party has n't been very visible here lately . 
   it makes the term `` far right '' a bit messy . 
  not sure who to complain about that , but perhaps it might be useful to be more precise than `` far left/right '' in discussions . 
  the terms are quite useless , yes . 
  the sweden democrats frequently get labeled as `` far right '' because of their immigration policies , while they 're left-of-center on economic issues . 
   ... last parliament election was won by oligarch whose only programme was slogan `` i am not politician '' . 
  i guess only the future can tell if that 's a good thing or a bad thing . 
  it might be just what it takes for the rest of the political scene to get their act together , or at least die off and let someone else take the stage . 
  ngl does n't seem to be all that far left . 
  the swedish left party ( * v\u00e4nsterpartiet * ) are n't particularly radical in any sense . 
  depends on the sub . 
  / r/europe seems to have a disproportionately high number of young leftist subscribers . 
  most other subs are more balanced . 
  that 's not really an answer , though . 
  it 's just a rephrasing of the same question : why do we worry so much about xenophobia in particular ? 
  if the far left spent less time being upset about the success of the far right and more time thinking about why no one votes for them , they too could be doing well in elections ... 
   is an assertion that can very much be contested . 
  i voted for the far-left in my country , which consists of democratic socialists , libertarian socialists , radical socialdemocrats and greens . 
  that 's `` exquisite '' in my subjective opinion . 
  i do n't think a lot of those qualify as `` far '' left . 
   great debate eh ? 
  people seem more interested in arguing angrily than actually debating anything at the moment . 
  there 's a lot of `` everyone who disagrees with me is evil '' flying around . 
   ... that is the destruction of the european idea period . 
  destroying `` the european idea '' is very different from destroying europe itself . 
  they have their own european idea . 
  it 's just not one you believe in . 
   far-right want to destroy the europe ... 
  the far right want to do things * that you think will destroy europe * . 
  that 's not the same as wanting to destroy europe . 
  you both want what you think is best . 
  they may be * wrong * , but do n't make the mistake of thinking they 're somehow * evil * . 
   last time we tried that some 50 million people died . 
  you could bring up stalin and make the exact same argument against the far-left .
