  the problem right now is that the only way to get any significant help from the eu is to go to the eu , which ca n't be done legally . 
  just look outside the stores around here and you 'll probably find most of them . 
   being overruled is how democracy works , sorry to disappoint you there . 
  and people deciding not to join a federation when they know it 'll just mean others who wo n't have to suffer the consequences tell them what to do is how sovereignty works . 
  unsurprisingly , most people seem to prefer it . 
  it 's an odd practice . 
  the goal seems to be to find a different phrasing that 's vague enough that it could be anything but specific enough that everyone knows what you 're * really * talking about . 
  bad reputation from all the `` eu migrant '' beggars . 
  since calling them gypsies is n't politically correct , newspapers refer to them as romanians . 
  of course , the effect of this is n't to make people like beggars more , but to make them also hate romania by association . 
  assuming there are actually such jobs that have n't been replaced with automation . 
  pretty much all such jobs can be done by robots , signs , and telling people to stop being so damn lazy . 
  my experience with pictures of dna tells me that there 's a ~ 90 % chance that a molecular biologist will come along and comment about how the helix is wound the wrong way . 
  a criminology lab , which usually means analytics . 
  i doubt that they had anything more explosive than a few cans of solvent in any place that anyone could get to . 
  one solution would be to not accept them in the first place . 
  they only come because they know there 's a decent chance they 'll get to stay where they want . 
  there are other places they could go and the eu could fund their stay there . 
  having people come to one of the regions with the highest costs of living in the world is * maybe * not the greatest use of money . 
  there was n't really any good option there . 
  sure , there would n't have been a war if no one had overthrown the dictator , but there would n't have been any democracy either . 
  win some , lose some . 
  especially when the `` problems '' are usually that people in many countries do n't want something , and the solution is to have a federal state that can overrule the national governments when the voters vote for the wrong things . 
  there are other problems than just terrorism . 
  that system is pretty broken , and it 's debatable whether there should even be one . 
  until there 's been an actual discussion about it , it seems silly to accept it . 
  i doubt that there 's popular support for the current system . 
  i guess it depends on where you are . 
  here people jump to the conclusion that it must be related to organized crime . 
  they had been blowing each other up for decades before 9/11 , fighting for control over the most profitable drug trafficking routes . 
  i wonder how people manage to confuse a fire with a bomb . 
  sure , you can get an initial minor blast when it ignites , but do people seriously believe that bombs are as quiet as they seem in movies heard through their crappy laptop speakers ? 
  do they really not realize that explosions are ** loud ** ? 
  or preventing someone else with more money from being caught for something . 
  a few years in prison for something like that is n't so bad if you know you 'll be cared for when you get out . 
  depends on the nature of the evidence . 
  if it 's something like an encrypted hard drive that has n't been `` opened '' yet , physically destroying it would get rid of the evidence . 
  if they do n't expect to get away , this might be better than stealing it , while setting fire to the whole room also gives you some deniability that it was n't about that thing in particular . 
  if the people doing it are willing to take the jail time to protect someone higher up , this might not be * that * dumb . 
   our border enforcement came much too late ... sure , but it was done eventually . 
  the government basically denied that it was happening while it was happening , because they 'd rather say one thing and do the opposite than admit that they were wrong on an issue they 've had such a fierce stance on before , but they * did * close the border eventually . 
   the greens are the king makers in sweden though ... only because other parties let them be , and because cooperating with the greens is rather convenient as they 're terrible at actually getting anything their way . 
  if other parties were n't so afraid of even talking to sd that they 'd rather be in opposition than govern with the passive support of sd , the greens would have no say whatsoever . 
  they have less than 7 % in parliament . 
  they wo n't , but as they grow bigger other parties gradually drift closer to them politically . 
  the social democrats from ten years ago would think the social democrats of today are horribly bigoted , but in that time the sweden democrats went from 0 % to 13 % , and that 's not something you can easily ignore ( unless you 're the greens and ignoring reality is your entire platform ) . 
   ... they seem to be far left , anti-science , anti-gmo , anti-sense parties . 
  do n't forget being in favor of anything at all related to immigration , even if it contradicts their other issues . 
  they 're hard to take seriously here . 
  the greens are ... special . 
  they do n't hold all that many seats in parliaments and do n't really have all that much say in anything , though they do n't seem to have quite realized this yet . 
  to keep austrians out , clearly . 
  even people who are legitimate refugees who can apply for and get asylum are still there illegally . 
  they came through somewhere , and it probably was n't ukraine . 
   hungary has done more to european stability in the last year alone than germany/sweden has . 
  sweden actually did close the border rather effectively . 
  i mean , that 's not very difficult when the border is a sea ( which is n't full of islands like in greece ) , but still . 
   ... or undergo experimental treatment in usa ... 
  which , even if it fails to save his eye , is still good for everyone as it hopefully advances medical knowledge . 
   you 're currently in a thread about how much of a net benefit each capital is to their corresponding country 's economy . 
  and i 'm saying that part of that is the money that keeps flowing into capitals . 
  a tax lawyer working in the capital has to eat , so that money also funds restaurants , and chefs need clothes , so it funds stores , and salesmen need haircuts , so it funds hairdressers , and so on . 
  all of which counts as value `` created '' in the capital , but which was only possible because money was funneled in from the rest of the country . 
  does n't really work now that the internet is a thing . 
  just ban vegan food and red flags within city limits . 
  ignore any problems this causes . 
  the pope * is * technically elected . 
  just not by the citizens , and there 's no term limit . 
  because a lot of money gets funneled into the capital from the rest of the country . 
  almost all government agencies tend to have their offices there , and you 've got national galleries and museums and stuff . 
  all funded with tax money from the whole country , which then ends up in the capital 's economy . 
   be realistic . 
  you think now they 'll suddenly sit in bikini on the beach ? 
  do you have any better solution that can realistically be implemented , other than ignore the problem and hope it goes away ? 
  they generally are funded by the members of the establishment already , and imposing a limit on the number of people who can attend ceremonies in a building that was built for a much greater number seems very peculiar . 
  such a restriction is [ about a thousand years too late ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:11th-century_churches ) to be reasonable . 
   i have actually seen more burkas than punks lately , come to think of it . 
  teenage revolt does n't work very well if you do it by dressing up like your parents and listening to their music . 
   and i do n't believe we 're gon na get the best case scenario ... you can do what they did with the hallands\u00e5s tunnel - 2 1/2 years per kilometer . 
  you 'd be done some time around 2250 . 
  and 15 % of sweden 's population lives in scania . 
  they might . 
  you can get from sweden to denmark in 20 minutes for almost nothing . 
  lots of people go to denmark to buy booze , while danes apparently go to sweden for tobacco . 
  does it really matter , though ? 
  if you let people who have moved elsewhere vote , does it * really * matter if they can vote there too ? 
  and for people who immigrated , does it make any difference to you if they 're allowed to vote somewhere else ? 
  is `` ca n't vote anywhere else '' really a sensible condition ? 
  if you really care , just do what a lot of places do for local elections : you can vote if you live there regardless of citizenship , but being from there counts for nothing if you 've moved away . 
  in a war zone , that tower would probably be first to go . 
  it uses ablative construction . 
  when it suffers damage , it simply loses material from the outside and shrinks , rather than collapsing . 
   is this all the french police could come up with ? 
  the police does n't come up with laws . 
  they just enforce what politicians come up with . 
  they 're all wearing short sleeves and have bare heads , and one of them is even wearing shorts . 
   no muslim today follows the quran 100 % . 
  it 's not even possible , as we 're not 100 % sure how each passage was intended and ca n't ask since the author/writer died . 
  the moment you have to interpret something , you 're following your own `` fanon '' version of the book . 
  a distraction that points in a vaguely relevant direction is still better than nothing .
