   the universe restored order , she 's dead . 
  right . 
  * the universe * restored order . 
  not you . 
  i think that 's pretty standard . 
  sweden probably has more railway tracks now than a hundred years ago , but a lot of it has shifted from minor lines in the countryside to mass transit in the major cities . 
  the only lines that exist now are the lines between cities and lines ( above or below ground ) within cities . 
  you would have , had you invested in eastern poland even earlier . 
  i 'm sure someone could patch together an armored asphalt layer in a few days if necessary . 
  especially when they * also * had more electric power than they could export . 
   also , is n't turkey the new nato-sinking scapegoat ? 
  sure , but for completely different reasons . 
  turkey has a reasonably sized army to contribute . 
  to ensure it does n't go beyond that . 
  and since these were terror bombings , helping minimize the damage done means working directly against the german strategic plan . 
  shitty thing to do , but both sides did it extensively . 
  well , the uk sort of has to . 
  the uk defense plan is built on being an island reasonably far from anywhere else . 
  any hope of defending northern ireland is sort of lost if ireland falls . 
  and after that , the entire western coast is in trouble . 
  or defend someone else 's fjords . 
  and if they do n't have any , recruit the local population to dig some . 
  sure , but they 're much more expensive than second hand whatever , which is what poor kids would be wearing otherwise . 
  assuming they could never afford the latest trendy clothes to begin with ( if they could , this problem would n't exist ) it still ends up being a financial burden on poorer families . 
  and since they do n't need to spend quite as much money on designer clothes as they would otherwise , it ends up being a financial gain for very wealthy families . 
  that combination is a ** very ** hard sell in a country with a social democratic government . 
  to achieve that you have to make sure that it 's small off-shots of your companies that go bankrupt , never * you * or any important business . 
  that ability to cunningly evade responsibility shows people that you 're ready for big league politics . 
  it does . 
  the key distinction is that if the victim gets the upper hand and the assailant drops the machete and tries to run away , it 's no longer okay to mow him down . 
  there has to be a * present * danger . 
  that 's where 99 % of the `` you 're not allowed to defend yourself '' cases come from : shooting someone in the back while they 're running away is not self-defense in the eyes of the law . 
  that 's revenge , and revenge is murder . 
  sometimes justice moves slowly . 
  what matters is the end result . 
  it would have made for a good action scene in a movie . 
  debatable . 
  it 's arguably easier to later decide to imprison or deport any immigrant who misbehaves than to rebuild the economy from its ashes . 
  the only reason immigrant crime is a problem at all is because so many people still are n't willing to take it seriously and it 's somehow not politically acceptable to simply lock people up . 
   but the spd is mostly marginalized because of merkel . 
  which does n't exactly promise great things if they were allowed to govern . 
  if they do n't have the political competence to even appear as a realistic candidate , they certainly do n't have the political competence to actually rule . 
   when was the referendum to determine that germans were up for welcoming over a million undocumented migrants from middle east ? 
  the elections in 2009 and 2013 ? 
  certainly some people said it was a terrible idea at the time , but most people had n't ever experienced any negative effects of immigration yet and were all in favor . 
  suddenly changing your mind last year is nice and all , but politics does n't move that quickly and now you 're stuck with your choice until the next election . 
   but it was petty problem to begin with . 
  the principal probably did n't have much say about whether to have uniforms or not , though . 
  they may be the head of the school , but they have their own bosses to answer to . 
  it may have been the only realistically possible `` solution '' . 
   part of the idea is to make everyone equal , so schools are n't seeing richer kids coming in brand clothes and poorer ones potentially being bullied because they ca n't afford branded clothes . 
  people frequently suggest introducing the idea here too for that reason . 
  it usually falls on cost , as it 's counterproductive if people have to pay for their own uniforms ( and poor people have to get second hand ones ) and becomes a big drain on the school 's budget if the uniforms are provided . 
  it 's a good idea , but hard to implement . 
  does n't matter ; had an excuse to listen to thunderstruck . 
  the employer might actually win in court , but it 's not worth the bad media attention that a court battle would cause . 
  there * is * such a thing as bad publicity when competing for government contracts . 
   exactly , and thats what we had in college . 
  you had uniforms in college ? 
  we had lazy people showing up in pajamas . 
   make shorts product , petition school to include in uniform option , * fail to * become sole supplier , ~ ~ ??? 
  ? , enjoy the med on your new yacht ~ ~ * bankruptcy *, 
  he 's already underground . 
  how do you expect to make him fall down any further ? 
  everyone who has ever played < insert class  can relate . 
  are you suggesting a campaign of hinduization ? 
  then they have two reasons to dislike this invasion . 
  that 'll teach 'em !, 
  there 's a lot of very diverse nature spread out in the bright green area . 
  forests and swamps and stuff . 
  it sucks to spend more than a few hours in , really . 
  that kind of pine forests make for miserable camping . 
  people were doing similar things long before isis . 
  they do n't get credit for all terrorism or terrorism-like acts just because they currently have the best pr department . 
  only during papaly sanctioned holy wars , and it 's been many centuries since the last one . 
  and if you 're protestant , holy wars have never been a thing ever . 
  they do n't join isis , though . 
  smuggling . 
  it 's the only land connection between sweden , norway , and central europe ( not counting the northern detour , but that 's absurdly far ) . 
  so there 's * insane * amounts of money to be made from drugs . 
  tomorrow 's headline : pok\u00e9mon go almost kills players . 
  not even close . 
  the gang warfare in malm\u00f6 has sparked up again , though . 
  still nothing compared to the gang wars back in the 1990s , of course . 
  not even a single rocket launcher this time around . 
  the reasons for malm\u00f6 and copenhagen 's crime rates are pretty obvious if you look at a map of europe . 
   fyi , h2020 is allegedly fully financed , so the uk will fully participate in that even if brexit happened tomorrow . 
  with the kind of money involved , i do n't think i 'd base any decisions on `` allegedly '' . 
  even if something applies now , it might not apply in a few months when article 50 is invoked . 
  but as it turns out , not being in the eu does n't result in babies not being killed , as all that money suddenly was n't going to the nhs after all . 
   which , coincidentally , received eu funds from the media programme ... well , that 's what it 's for . 
  nice to know that the money went to something that anyone will actually watch , and maybe even remember twenty years from now . 
  or - even more conveniently - they learn their lesson the first time , shut up , and stop publishing things . 
   even better you could copy turkey 's rise of religion by establishing your own church independent of papal authority !, 
  that 's a bit too extreme even for the english . 
  does n't matter as long as he still has the most violent supporters on his side and the military is full of people he put into those positions . 
  he 's been working on this for a while . 
  he knew a coup was coming , and spent years making sure that when it inevitably happened , it would fail . 
  so if people do n't have enough publications to their name , they 're free to go ? 
   you ca n't force another country to take in your citizens .
