  the sudden end could also mean that they failed to pay rent . 
  being somewhat profitable for two years does n't help if they had enough old debts that the interest added up faster than their profits . 
  eventually they run out of cash , and a leftist newspaper seems more likely to prioritize paying wages and then trying to fix the rest after that . 
  it 's also possible that he had originally taken the day off , but was convinced to work anyway on the condition that he 'd be able to attend the wedding on time . 
  without knowing the full story , this could either be very corrupt or entirely legitimate . 
  depends on whose helicopter it was and who paid for it . 
  language is a big deal in some places . 
  if you claim to be swedish without being fluent in swedish , most swedes wo n't take that claim seriously . 
  or even british ones , post-brexit . 
  they do when the people running them are convinced that things will turn around any day now . 
  not paying rent tends to result in closing overnight . 
  all of germany !, 
  all of europe !!, 
  that hungarian border fence ? 
  totally related to this . 
   then how did the churces get places back in romania after the downfall of communism ... at a guess , because courts ruled that the communist confiscation of those properties was n't legal . 
  while that may have been true for many people , the church had enough money to drag it through the courts . 
  by tradition , perhaps , but not by law in most places . 
   you do realize that every piece a land where a church ever in the history has stood belongs to the church forever in all eternity ? 
  they do sell unused buildings on occasions , actually . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  muslims can eat pork , as long as it 's not voluntary or they 'd starve if they did n't . 
  most muslims would n't care either . 
  they 're normally not allowed to eat pork , but it 's fine under some circumstances , generally when they have no choice . 
  it 's not a sin to eat pork if someone forces you to do it or if you 're starving . 
  if you 're going from paris to berlin , brussels is more or less along the way . 
  amsterdam is a significant detour . 
   more than just a sweater , probably definitely . 
  wear a sweater under a warm jacket if you 're not used to it . 
  freezers tend to be -20 \u00b0 c. 
  kiruna tends to be -40 \u00b0 c. 
  it varies from year to year . 
  sometimes white , sometimes brown , sometimes gray . 
  or eat it . 
  it might be spilled beer . 
   prague looks impressive covered by fresh snow . 
  snow looks nice , but it hates you . 
  always remember that . 
  snow really , really hates you . 
  it 's cold , it sticks to you , melts , gets your clothes and boots wet , and then you 're even colder than you thought possible . 
  extreme inland climate . 
  it 's not that far north , but it gets absurdly cold . 
  wow . 
  they managed to come up with something that 's * even more * hideous . 
  we are truly living in the future . 
  so what you 're saying is that you need charity in the form of queer theory education ? 
   the new border patrol actually will have deployable agents . 
  but will they have authority to actually do anything ? 
  and when they do , will they actually do it ? 
  no can do . 
  you do n't get social media karma for saving white people anymore . 
  it 's too 20th century . 
  burj khalifa is pretty much just one very elaborate and very large buttress . 
  it 's owned by someone who has millions to gamble on an ai . 
  the silly thing is n't that this is a thing , but that it 's actually profitable and that it can cause so much damage . 
  28 rather small churches . 
  seems like they 'd save money in the long run by building one huge church and selling the others . 
   who is paying for this ? 
  probably the church , i.e. 
  the people who will be attending services in the cathedral . 
  god helps the man who helps himself . 
  providing nuclear bunkers for the poor seems like a nice bit of charity . 
  the rich can get their own bunkers . 
  to make it easier to clean , obviously . 
  they take a while to build . 
  construction on la sagrada familia was started in the 19th century , and it 's about halfway done today . 
   but building more ? 
  centralization ? 
  build one big cathedral instead of having ten smaller churches . 
  especially if those ten churches are ugly . 
  people had rather odd architectural tastes in the 20th century . 
  it 's pronounced nothing like the english word , so it 's mostly the spelling that happens to be funny . 
  it should be something like aang-eh-red . 
  because europe ** chose ** to deal with the refugee crisis . 
  this whole mess is because european countries did n't just accept the refugees that showed up , but actively asked them to come . 
  so they did . 
  and suddenly it 's too many and it did n't work out , but it 's no one else 's fault . 
   does anyone in the riksdag actually have a concrete plan to prevent this ? 
  do they want to ? 
  fixing the housing situation would drive down apartment prices , which would leave a lot of people with loans they ca n't really pay back . 
  that 's a great way to not get reelected . 
  it 's safer and easier to do nothing and just blame whoever was in power before you . 
  combined with apathy from the general population , pretty much . 
  bored people with too much money decide to save the world . 
  others are too busy getting money for rent . 
  the world is certainly * less * violent , but it 's not all peaceful . 
  someone getting stabbed should n't surprise anyone . 
   ok all are welcome to ireland  that 's not how it works . 
  first there 's annexation , and then you get rid of the natives , and then there 's lots of land for englishmen to live on . 
  but the explosives only work if you have your own guys with rifles telling your artillery where the enemy is ... 
   europe previously was a bit more peaceful ... 
  very briefly , and mostly because the cold war stayed cold . 
  the 20th century was the bloodiest yet . 
  the 21st started out pretty well for europe , but you had 9/11 , the arab spring , and the afghanistan/iraq/yemen / syrian wars going on elsewhere . 
  the arteries are pretty thin . 
  unless you get a good sideways hit , they 're easy to miss . 
  and while spinal injuries are bad , you 'll need something bigger than a knife to deal significant damage to what is essentially a pillar of bone . 
  people are surprisingly difficult to kill . 
  which is why that 's generally not done in the west . 
  at least not in the `` this is true '' sense .
