   ... and immigrants would overwhelmingly prefer more immigrants not necessarily . 
  immigrants can be quite vocally against further immigration . 
  they have no particular reason to support it once they 're in themselves . 
  agreed . 
  if anyone is to invade norway , it should be us !, 
  clearly we need a jolly roger flair . 
  cavour is roughly the same size as the kuznetzov and only twelve years old , compared to 30 + . 
  not if they crash on the way * back * from a bombing mission . 
  coincidentally , italy has * two * operational aircraft carriers . 
  the statistics are n't exactly kept hidden in a secret safe somewhere . 
  is anyone even denying it ? 
  the safest decision would be to put everyone under house arrest . 
  sure , but it 's just a typo , not an actual presentation error . 
  lack of infrastructure can still make the situation even worse . 
  you get those accidents on top of the ones caused by recklessness . 
  the italian special ability sounds a bit overpowered . 
  judging by this infographic , you can replace finland . 
  it 's * estland * in swedish , which is obviously the only language that matters . 
  the questioin then is what the callaeci people were named after . 
  same in swedish ( i.e. 
  plenty of lion metaphors in the bible . 
  everyone would have known about lions even if they had never seen a real one . 
  the walls are mostly there , just damaged and overgrown , and with a road built over one of the corners . 
  the central keep looks to be from around 1380 . 
  i 'd be very surprised if the surrounding fortifications were from before 15-1600 . 
  the knives and the sauna usually give it away . 
  and it 's just the marinade that smells , not the actual fish . 
   in modern times , it means that a democracy is supposed to be a political regime that respect everyone within the country - citizens or not . 
  no , that 's just one interpretation . 
  a lot of people and political parties clearly disagree . 
  calling them undemocratic does n't really achieve anything , since that just leaves you stuck arguing what the word `` democracy '' * should * mean . 
  everyone can agree that it means voting for leadership , but anything beyond that is just opinions . 
  that makes the word useless . 
  then it just becomes * `` a country enacts policies that i approve of '' * rather than a country that enacts policies that the voters approve of . 
  putin * is * democratically elected . 
  not a lot of options that are n't even more corrupt . 
   nobody was demanding a solution for the refugee crisis ? 
  you do n't have to give everyone anything they ask for . 
  if someone asks for something unreasonable and you bankrupt yourself trying to please them , that 's your fault , not theirs . 
  libya worked out ... less than great . 
  better try the opposite direction instead . 
  fine dining and higher gdp . 
  might as well . 
  with modern missiles being what they are , tanks are n't all that useful anymore anyway . 
  the ones that accept cardboard , metal , etc. 
  they 're everywhere in some places , but barely exist elsewhere . 
  no , it says that half of all * stuff * is recycled . 
   i 'm going to bet that waste incinerators are counted as `` recycling '' . 
  many countries would be near 100 % if they were , as landfills are illegal in many places . 
  everything is recycled or burned , one way or another . 
   i thought sweden would rank higher ... we 'd probably climb half a dozen positions if not for stockholm . 
  the availability of recycling stations in most of the city is terrible . 
  when the nearest recycling station is a kilometer away , you just do n't bother . 
   i just throw everything in `` burnable '' . 
  you and all of stockholm , it seems . 
  everyone else recycles . 
  she 's only been in office for 16 years . 
  that 's nothing . 
  [ tage erlander ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tage_erlander ) was prime minister for 23 years . 
  people while he was prime minister got the chance to vote for him twice !, 
   putting untreated solid municipal waste on landfills has been banned in germany in 2005 . 
  same thing in sweden . 
  if it can burn , it has to burn , and the energy is going to be used for heating or electricity . 
   who weighs it , the binmen ? 
  should be easy enough to do automatically when collecting . 
  \u00dcber alles in the chart , yes . 
  it 's possible when regular people are buying with their own money , but seemingly not when it 's politically decided and publicly funded . 
  it 's not quite the same experience as seeing a city or forest entirely covered in white fluff . 
  you mean lava season and not-lava season ? 
   for most europeans any place that is not italy/spain/france / germany , or their own country , is `` a strange place to visit '' . 
  you forgot london on your list . 
  the rest of britain is strange , but london is an ultra-normal tourist destination . 
  my dad is almost 70 and is far more knowledgeable about everything computer-related than i am . 
  while the web is only 20 years old , computers and have been around for much longer . 
  next election here , people born in 2000 will get to vote . 
  something about that seems very wrong . 
  why not erdogangrene ? 
  ah , yes , the proto-pre-ante-ere-russian empire of 1000 bc . 
  famous bitter rivals of the spartans . 
  looks like langos . 
  the last 0.5 % is anthrax ? 
  there were no checks at all in 2010 . 
  they were removed before that , then brought back in 2015 . 
  but the rules are not actually enforced unless you look suspicious , so you would n't notice any difference now . 
  even wikipedia agrees that there 's only one * real * paris . 
  the others are `` may also refer to '' . 
  not if you cross the bridge by car . 
  they 're supposed to check , but they do n't actually bother most of the time . 
  the ferries and trains check everyone , though . 
   generally , they all look much less impressive with all the people . 
  the same goes for the stockholm ones . 
  in real life , they mostly just stand out as different colors of painted rock . 
  handy for knowing which station you 're at without having to pay attention , though . 
  that 's bad for stockholm ( or sweden in general ; malm\u00f6 's stations are nice too ) , but at least it 's yellow . 
  the fact that it has color is enough to make it above average internationally . 
  then you probably missed kungstr\u00e4dg\u00e5rden . 
  it 's rather memorable . 
  the rest are pretty unremarkable simply because you ca n't ever see much of them when they 're full of people . 
  a lot of the color is also blocked by people , advertising , and various signs . 
  even if a wall ** is ** that blue , you wo n't get that same effect in real life .
