  well , obama is most certainly putting his money on that deterrent working . 
  a war would be bad for everyone involved , but it would be worse for russia . 
  the point of the troops is to very visibly paint yourself into a corner : if those troops get fired upon , the us pretty much * has to * retaliate and putin knows it . 
  and so they wo n't be fired upon . 
  we hope . 
  i think most americans would like that , while most europeans would n't . 
  right now it 's a bit of a burden that no one wants to carry . 
  it 's just that no one wants to put that burden down either , because someone else might pick it up . 
  judging by the entirety of human history from antiquity up to the present day ... that 's not going to happen . 
  it would be really nice if it did happen , but it wo n't . 
  well , you 're american and this is / r/europe . 
  the flair would make perfect sense if you were european . 
  it 's hard to explain * why * , but that 's how it is . 
  a bit crazy , certainly , but not stupid . 
  it 's a symbolic force to clearly state the intention of defending those countries if necessary . 
  they 're not actually needed for anything at the moment , so sending any more would just be pointless . 
  obama sending troops pretty clearly shows that it 's not a bluff . 
  you 're implying that ethnic russians are having their latvian citizenships revoked , rather than simply not having one to begin with ? 
   it would be way too dangerous to play war games with russia . 
  which is why the russians are n't going to play that game . 
  which is why american troops are being sent . 
  yeah , there 's little difference at this point between sending 150 men and sending 150,000 men . 
  it 's pretty clear that if more troops are needed , more troops will be sent . 
  more importantly , those 150 men signal that there 'll be another 150.000 following should they be necessary . 
  if the russians shoot latvian nato soldiers , that 's politically inconvenient . 
  if the russians shoot american soldiers , that 'll give obama domestic support for whatever he feels like doing about it . 
  i thought that was finland ? 
  nonsense . 
  the uk is the first state , then there are 50 colonial ones . 
  if possible , splitting the yellow group might have helped . 
  something like 65-75 , 75-85 and 85 + . 
   language-wise , i am completely fluent in both english and polish . 
  language is a pretty big factor , though . 
  i do n't think anyone who did n't speak swedish would ever be accepted as `` swedish '' among swedes . 
  you do n't have to be born in sweden or have swedish ancestry or live in sweden , but you do have to speak the language to qualify . 
  biomass comparison . 
  i think most europeans would prefer not to , if that remains an option . 
  the eu * could * be united into a federal super power if it was deemed necessary , but right now it 's not . 
  without any world war or bigger financial crisis looming , there 's little to gain from it . 
  a lot of people were in favor of increased military spending already , with the exact same arguments . 
  the timing just makes the proposal more difficult to dismiss . 
  they did address that eventually , though . 
  the current defense minister is the first one in a while that 's actually competent or qualified . 
  and they did n't willingly replace odenberg ; he resigned in protest against proposed budget cuts . 
  lots of people support spending more on defense regardless of job opportunities . 
  previously the alliance could count on getting those votes anyway simply on account of being `` less bad '' than the opposition on the issue , but now those votes risk going to sd instead . 
  politically , this is a pretty sound move . 
  the polls said the same before the last election too , but on election day people went with the `` safer '' option . 
  so it can go either way . 
  with sd being a bit of a wildcard in the parliamentary deck , it 's hard to predict . 
   on top of which , radical islam is not the only problem . 
  zionism and radical christians are just as bad , if not as prevailant . 
  to be fair , the fact that they 're not as prevalent is what makes them much less bad . 
  it 's a good thing , but it 's bound to get the reporters in trouble eventually . 
   he refused to release information about his users to the r. authorities . 
  i do n't think he committed a crime ... 
  i 'm pretty sure refusing to comply with a court order is a crime . 
  i think the first and last ones are pretty funny . 
  well , they 're both series of three statements that go `` one ... '' where the listing of the first two serves to emphasize the importance of the third point , so they 're rhetorically very similar . 
  there 's presumably no * ideological * connection , but there 's definitely a connection in terms of style . 
  ghg are n't the main environmental concern when it comes to coal , though . 
  the main problem is all the stuff in the coal that is n't carbon , like sulfur ( which if burned is going to end up causing acid rain ) and heavy metals . 
  if you burn the coal , that 'll get dispersed in the air and some of it can be difficult to filter out of the smoke . 
  more demand is n't much use unless they actually have any money to spend . 
  in the long term an increased population can allow many sectors to expand , but if x % worked as hairdressers before then that percentage is n't going to go up . 
  if some portion of the population were unemployed before , then an equal or greater portion of the new population is going to be unemployed ( not every sector will grow just because the population grows ) . 
  cooking sites in particular deserve mentioning here . 
  when i look at swedish sites , it 's about 50 % local news and 50 % cooking . 
  if you want to look up a recipe for a traditional swedish dish , you 'll get far better results if you search for it in swedish . 
   i find the french wikipedia awful for science related articles ( computer , biology ... ) . 
  the english version is overall excellent for scientific articles , at least in chemistry and physics . 
  probably because anyone working in a related field * has to * master english to ever get anything done , so everyone naturally ends up on the english wiki . 
   `` smiling too much in the subway , he is taken into custody '' seems pretty fitting for at least half of europe . 
  the `` hate speech '' label seems to be thrown around any time someone says something that a politician disagrees with . 
   more racism than reddit ? 
  so you 're saying it is literally stormfront , only in swedish ? 
  it 's like if stormfront was a subreddit . 
  you can find * anything * on flashback . 
   if you have a job that a poor unskilled foreigner can take , then you 're probably on minimum wage anyway . 
  which would make you even more worried about losing that job , as your situation is already pretty poor . 
  that someone with a better job benefits from the eu is little comfort to the person losing their job . 
  if you want to know something shady and flashback does n't seem to have any information on it , it 's probably only because you do n't have access to the right flashback subforums . 
  the place is ... special . 
  in both good and bad ways . 
  surely that should be * viele * andere ? 
  there 's a seemingly infinite number of humor sites full of translations of things the rest of the internet were laughing at three years ago . 
  they can hold heroic speed-clear contests instead . 
   so ... you 're a kid of 8 . 
  no no , just * appointed by * a kid of 8 . 
   but man , we do sure love putting maps on flags ... 
  seems very considerate towards tourists . 
  why have minimalist coats of arms [ when you can go completely overboard ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/greater_coat_of_arms_of_sweden.svg ) instead ? 
  the key thing to note is that if you have to pick one of them as being the actual capital , it would be westminster . 
  that 's where all relevant government buildings are located . 
  and it 'll always be a completely meaningless conclusion , as no one knows what the hell a `` technology hub '' even is . 
  nuts itself is pretty arbitrary . 
  that 's just one part of the city , though . 
  one neighborhood can be a `` tech city '' without london as a whole being notable in that regard . 
  it just means the city 's tech industry is located in that particular area . 
  nonsense .
