  depends on your perspective . 
  a 60 % turnout in a swedish general election would be considered disastrously low . 
  80-85 % is normal . 
   if it 's anything like in sweden it 's oh weapons exports of course not , but please do n't notice other military exports . 
  which does n't really say much . 
  `` military exports '' is an extremely vague term . 
  selling uniform socks to the saudi military does n't exactly help the regime stay in power . 
  and random elevated walkways everywhere . 
  because raising things up a bit makes them * futuristic * . 
  what about vespene gas ? 
  zero and `` not a number '' are not the same . 
  listing a zero is also misleading , as there * is * effectively a minimum wage in a lot of sectors . 
  just not for every job . 
  so `` varies '' or `` n/a '' would be the most accurate . 
   i 'm not sure why we still want relations with these scums . 
  oil . 
  the amount of complaining over news like this is nothing compared to the complaining if gas prices went up . 
  a very old line on the ground . 
  kind of ironic when they promote a sustainable future by destroying the past . 
  since they fought together against the romans , obviously . 
  if arnold was born in america , why is n't he president yet ? 
  the old pope did n't die but a new one still moved in . 
  that 's population growth !, 
  it always was . 
   ... so really this whole mess is all the germans fault . 
  ah , but they never would have turned out the way they did if not for the treaty of versailles , so really this too is the fault of the french . 
  doing two illegal things at the same time * usually * does n't make them cancel each other out . 
  * someone * is getting drugs * some day * . 
  it just might not be you and it just might not be this year . 
  just sitting back and letting your opponents destroy themselves . 
  no reason to get involved if you do n't have to . 
  also they accidentally drew eastern sweden as an independent country . 
  i 'm pretty sure the eu would do the same if russia created their own human rights court and ruled against the eu . 
  because journalists do n't feel like following them into the burning areas , presumably . 
  and it 's definitely not safe to give them to people who 've only had minimal training and then let them loose in cities . 
  somehow , you 'll inevitably end up the loser . 
  maybe you 'll go to prison for being undead without a license . 
  no need to wait . 
  guaranteed instant traffic jam as it 's full of tourists . 
  it would take hours to drive up and back down again . 
  your car needs oxygen to work , as the diesel needs to react with something . 
  so if you try driving through fire , it 'll simply stop . 
  there are a lot more than two sides in all this . 
   e say america for the us but we do n't say us when we mean north america . 
  nonsense . 
  they 're uncomfortable , but they look good . 
  threads like these tend to bring out the real crazies . 
  but still need three separate docks for ... docking reasons . 
  or just arrests random people to seem like they 're doing something . 
  convictions would be more interesting than arrests . 
  we had hail here yesterday . 
  you never know . 
  that 's nothing . 
  up here we had a hailstorm today . 
  evaporative cooling . 
  air conditioning is ancient technology . 
  it 's the law in sweden , but i 've never heard of it actually being enforced . 
  most apartments do have smoke alarms , though . 
  that 's mostly the ones in the crazy parties , and their male members are just as weird . 
  you should n't take mp or fi as being representative of swedish politics . 
  only if there 's no relationship between merit and interest . 
  but someone who is good at politics seems like they 'd be more likely to interested in a relevant career . 
  if the most capable people are interested anyway , increased interest just results in more mediocre candidates . 
  all the time . 
  if the actual number was in any way remarkable , they 'd print that instead . 
   i thought the difference between sea and lake was the presence of salt . 
  there are a ton of salt lakes caused by rivers changing courses , so it 's not quite that simple . 
  there are also bodies of water that are obviously seas but not particularly salty , like the bothnian sea . 
  hold one deuterium atom in each hand and then clap really hard . 
  it also solves the eternal problem of what to do with your hands , making it easier to focus on the spiritual aspect . 
  i 'm very impressed by his finger strength if he can move that table with just his fingertips . 
  in sweden the vote counts even if you draw or write on it , as long as there 's only one party name or symbol . 
  if you 're feeling artistic , you can vote for the social democrats by drawing a rose ( their symbol ) on a blank ballot . 
  if you 're good enough to draw a clearly recognizable sketch of the party leader , that would work too . 
  source : i counted votes in all swedish elections since forever . 
  i thought the trend started mainly because of insurance scams ? 
   bleach is mostly water only if it 's mostly diluted . 
  `` water '' refers specifically to atoms in a h-o-h configuration , not just those elements in general . 
  not if you already own a hammer but do n't have a toy pistol . 
  soviet projects usually had a lot more green areas than this . 
  parts of the city are planned , parts are `` natural '' . 
  it 's almost comically clear from looking at a map which is which . 
  needs more trakkta . 
  it 's the magic of photoshop/filters . 
  upsetting people who do n't know their geography , just like azerbaijan . 
  * tjeckien * in swedish , but pronounced pretty much the same . 
  it 's close to europe , but on the wrong side of the caucasus mountains . 
  it borders azerbaijan , which is partially in europe . 
   underfunding schools they get more funding than other schools here . 
  it makes no difference . 
  their results are still worse . 
  money is n't the problem . 
  we 're doing the whole `` close the border '' thing these days , trying to make them denmark 's problem . 
  except that the poison is beneficial overall , and the only people arguing otherwise are ones who do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  and full of terrible puns . 
  that 's not a glass , that 's a bucket . 
  they could just do what sweden did and have a referendum . 
  if it 's a no , just point to that forever after and stall indefinitely . 
  to be fair , alcohol in sweden is about as highly regulated as anything can get short of banning it . 
  highly taxed , only sold in special government stores , only sold certain times and days , high age limit , and a ban on any kind of discounts .
