  we all accidentally do that sometimes . 
  just back away slowly . 
  i ca n't make much sense of the brown color assigned to sweden . 
  we consume all three in fairly equal measure . 
  people from around the mediterranean generally * do * speak louder than people from northern europe , though . 
  it 's obviously not true for every single person , but there 's definitely a difference . 
   beer one is just plain wrong ... ... for some countries . 
  but * everyone * has chocolate and fries and roasts . 
  beers do n't count , as that 's a separate map . 
  it 's a prejudice map . 
  it 's intentionally very racist . 
  what is the `` new europe '' thing about anyway ? 
  it may not be better , but it 's definitely different . 
  there are a lot of people i hate without being in any way afraid of them . 
  honestly , a lot of them are spot on . 
  some of them obviously should n't be taken seriously , but there 's definitely a lot of truth on that page too . 
  invading your neighbors is sooo 6000 bc . 
  scandinavians are also loud when drunk and on vacation , but that does n't really count . 
  especially not when on vacation in a loud country . 
  much too accurate for dm . 
  aside from waffles , what do you really have to offer ? 
  i 'm currently eating traditional mashed potatoes made with butter while quietly drinking my coffee . 
  there 's a bottle of vodka on the shelf next to me it is however sunny outside and i 'm currently sitting down , so this is n't * entirely * accurate . 
   uranium is a finite resource . 
  on paper , but not really in practice . 
  it 's like saying that iron is a finite resource . 
  there * is * a limited amount of it available , but we could keep on mining it for another few thousand years without running out . 
  probably them blocking the internet too , somehow . 
  look at it from the bright side : you 're now a little older and a little wiser . 
   ... there is no way in a conventional war that russia could gain air superiority . 
  you do n't need air superiority to inflict horrible losses on enemy aircraft . 
  in forested terrain you can use [ mobile radar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giraffe_radar ) and mobile missile launchers to take out anything in the sky and them be gone less than a minute later . 
  shoot and scoot . 
  you wo n't completely deny the skies to the enemy , but you can ensure that * no one * has any real air superiority . 
  source : served in the swedish air defense a decade ago . 
   the `` meat-grinder '' view of the eastern front , while in some places accurate , has been vastly overblown in the west . 
  it also underestimates the meat-grinder-ness of the western front . 
  the main advantage that the allies had was often their superior numbers . 
  indeed . 
  sweden has it all figured out , being mostly uninhabitable wilderness . 
   ... on a computer i 'm powerless and i ca n't find the promille sign ... 
  if you 're using windows with a keyboard with a fancy flag , just hit flag + r , type in `` charmap '' , hit enter and you 're all set . 
  enjoy your bazillion symbols . 
   why does the far right always get the coolest stuff ? 
  because their opponents are too busy being * against * things to do the same and simply take old symbols that they want . 
  conservatives do n't * get * the coolest stuff . 
  they just use symbols they like , without worrying that using an old symbol will make them seem like they 're not sufficiently new and radical . 
  do n't worry . 
  he 's danish , so he 's probably just saying that because he 's drunk . 
   the reason why for example libreoffice ca n't replace office [ ... ] is because the ui and functionality are missing . 
  agreed . 
  i really want to use libreoffice , but in practice it 's simply not as good as ms office . 
  it 's just not intuitive enough . 
  if i select a cell in calc and hit delete , i expect it to erase the contents of that cell , not open a dialog about how i want to move the remaining cells now that i 've removed that one . 
  i do n't want to have to waste time learning that the functionality i expect from delete has been moved to the backspace key or to configure the keybindings in some menu ; i just want that shit to work right out of the ( figurative ) box . 
  i want the delete key to * delete * , not rearrange cells . 
   welcome to former bad guys anonymous . 
  it 's okay . 
  in a thousand year people will think you were cool for raping and pillaging their ancestors . 
   no , i 'm not sure it 's right for the government to force you to do so . 
  i think the deciding factor is that you not getting vaccinated does not only endanger you , but others as well . 
  you do n't have a right to endanger the lives of others . 
  it could be like the ferries between sweden and denmark . 
  sell alcohol on the danish side , then switch shops when you 're halfway and sell tobacco on the swedish side . 
  you get to replace * all * british food with delicious polish counterparts . 
  `` extremely fringe '' is a bit of an understatement . 
  sk\u00e5nepartiet [ received ** one ** vote ] ( http://www.val.se/val/val2010/slutresultat/r/rvalkrets/12/index.html ) in the last national elections . 
  i think it could perhaps be vaguely uncertain . 
   i think we need some sort of anti-corruption task force to really crack down on this . 
  good luck creating such a task force on that scale that is n't itself corrupt or held back from doing its job by politicians . 
   ... because it 's pretty impossible to know in which one he is in from this picture anyway . 
  that 's the entire point of decoys , yes . 
   i 'm curious on how people focus and justify obama 's way of transport . 
  it 's a joke . 
  neither picture is from the event . 
  they both arrived by car . 
  it 's possible and has been done , but is n't very practical . 
  took 30 hours . 
   a rogue pretzel going after bush jnr . 
  and a live hand grenade that fortunately failed to explode . 
  people did n't just throw shoes and food at him . 
  yes . 
  it 's certainly * possible * , but it 's definitely a bitch to actually do . 
  i bet he does n't even wear a life jacket in the shower !, 
  there are studies from places that have tried making helmets mandatory . 
  bicycling goes down . 
   bike helmets are designed for 20 km/h speeds , so only for one-sided collisions . 
  so basically nice for cycling sports and largely useless in traffic , as the helmet wo n't do much if you get hit by a car . 
   he 's playing the nice cop to erdogans bad cop . 
  or you could argue that this is exactly how separation of power is supposed to work . 
  one guy goes a bit crazy and the other one slaps him back into place . 
  probably not much worse than putting it in the ground . 
  with incinerators you can filter the smoke . 
  landfills also really only postpone the problem . 
  at some point someone will have to actually deal with that garbage , unless you plan to just live on top of an ever-growing garbage dump . 
  looking at the last bill , the electricity was ~ $ 0.05 / kwh . 
  including taxes and everything it came to ~ $ 0.34 / kwh . 
  we do n't consume all that much , though ( two people in a small apartment with central heating ) , so the fixed fees make the price per kwh disproportionately high . 
  the electricity itself is cheap , but the taxes on it makes it rather expensive for the consumer , which is supposed to encourage people to conserve power ( it honestly works better than most would admit ) . 
  those same taxes apply to imported gas too , making that just as expensive as it needs to be for no one to want to use it .
