  thinking that the entire problem is that natives do n't offer enough chances to integrate is just as useless as thinking that the immigrants are entirely at fault . 
  maybe the problem is n't that people are n't doing * enough * , but that they 're simply putting a lot of effort into the wrong things ? 
   it just shows you can not trust politicians . 
  or that you can make any politician seem untrustworthy if you take an old quote and compare it to a recent action , while ignoring the fact that official policy has changed since that statement . 
  just countries lead by mma fighters . 
  i 'm not sure if that would be an improvement . 
  the top two countries per capita ( netherlands and russia ) got that high because of planes that were intentionally brought down , so it 's not entirely useful , no . 
  just kind of interesting . 
  definitely . 
  while the russian numbers are bad , they 're not * that * bad . 
  per capita , the number is only 20 % higher than france and 30 % higher than spain . 
  the netherlands number per capita is actually more than twice that of russia . 
  they left with free dirt . 
  that 's not too bad . 
  it has some unnecessary restrictions , though . 
  there 's no reason to limit it to italian wine ; we only care about italy because it randomly happened there . 
  there 's no reason to limit it to wine ; we only care about wine because it randomly happened to a bottle of it . 
  there 's no reason to care about jews in particular ; any other racist , sexist , or otherwise offensive phrase would have had the same effect . 
  in the end , it 's pretty likely that a whole bunch of bottles ( or any other container , item , whatever ) out there have some kind of inappropriate randomly generated text on them . 
  no , but the only reason we care about chianti is that the bottle that ended up saying dirtyjew was a chianti bottle . 
  had it been anything else , we would be asking about the probability of that instead . 
  kind of like how it could just as well have said filthyjew or uncleanjew , but we 're not interested in that since it has n't happened . 
  it 's a very common phenomenon in statistics . 
  it 's possibly the highest quality post all month . 
  deport the parents . 
  they 're the real victims here . 
  ^ ^ wait ... 
  the graph is still good for the countries that are actually in it . 
  and by `` party hard '' i assume you mean get really drunk in the sauna without anyone saying a word ? 
   and it infringes on our copyrighted term . 
  i think the italians might have something to say about that . 
  the point would presumably be to change `` a few '' to `` all '' . 
  on paper . 
  in practice , they 're ** very ** far away from actual membership . 
  turkey 's human rights record is far too lousy . 
  their high population would also give them a lot of influence , which makes other large countries wary of losing influence if turkey joins . 
  add tensions with greece and disagreements over cyprus , and it 's just not happening in the next ten years . 
  to be fair , america is a sample . 
  the french supplied the american revolutionaries with large amounts of ammunition while french military strategists coincidentally went on `` vacation '' there . 
  not because they had any interest in whether the colonies gained independence , but mostly because they really did n't like the british . 
  it worked out * extremely * well in the end , with the americans returning the favor and liberating france during ww2 . 
  that 's what the internet does to media . 
  when readers pay ( indirectly through ads ) per article rather than a yearly subscription , journalists need to write lots of articles that people will read ( or at least click the link to ) . 
  in the past a newspaper could justify the subscription cost by having a few * really * good articles every month , but that just does n't pay the bills anymore . 
  there 's often one capable figurehead from each party to get votes , then the rest gets filled up by people who are too incompetent to have a domestic political career but who still want to get paid . 
  fell asleep on the train and missed their station . 
  eight hours later , they woke up in skellefte\u00e5 . 
  lots of countries are . 
  it 's just not really newsworthy right now , considering recent events and the fact that everyone did the same thing . 
  not very likely , but better safe than sunk . 
  polling data for sd tends to be very unreliable , unfortunately . 
  for random phone polls , people often lie about voting for them resulting in lower-than-actual figures , and for online polls their supporters tend to be more active and ending up overrepresented . 
  the only time there are ever any accurate numbers for sd is the day after election day . 
   they 're more judicious shots then the standard arab guerrillas . 
  does n't matter . 
  the police supposedly fired 5000 shots during one of the raids following the paris attacks . 
  as long as you have ammo , firing more is generally better . 
  much of the time you 're more worried about pinning the enemy down so you or someone else can get into position , and less about whether you 're actually hitting anything . 
  there are plenty of rpg launchers in the region already . 
  the problem is usually getting ammunition for them . 
  that goes double for missile launchers . 
  just be warned that the fuel efficiency and ( non-cannon-related ) safety are n't very big concerns when designing armored vehicles , so they cost a fortune to drive and are surprisingly unsafe if you get into an accident . 
  the vehicle will be fine , but you wo n't . 
   ... eat `` military '' food like pea soup . 
  sounds very genuine . 
  when i was in the army , we had pea soup once per week . 
  it 's easy to make enormous amounts of it and still have it taste good , so it 's perfect for field kitchens . 
  it takes a lot of time , but very little actual work . 
  surely a mastermind would n't have gotten himself killed . 
  proof that he 's just a paltry ringleader . 
  considerably fewer warlords , though . 
   we 've been dysfunctional in several areas for decades , most notably justice . 
  dysfunctional is not the same as failed . 
  it 's not like belgium is a european version of somalia . 
   anonymous is a joke that started on 4chan ... 
  it started based on a comic book antihero , sure , but along the way it became a serious movement . 
  maybe not the most effective movement , but `` they '' actually do real things on occasion . 
  certainly more than most other decentralized or anarchistic movements . 
  as far as the locals living in the sun are concerned , it might be . 
  you should learn from barcelona . 
  everything in the city is in at least two languages , including restaurant menus . 
  if they want to be helpful towards tourists , you 'll often see signs in five or six languages . 
  it makes sense in academia . 
  they probably never intended to come to france , just to that university which happened to be located in france , and they likely do n't plan to stay once they 're done . 
   sweden is nearly 20 % people of foreign origin ... 
  most of them are european . 
  finnish , danish , polish and large numbers who came here from the balkans during the war . 
  immigrants from the middle east is a relatively new thing . 
  there are certainly radicals , but not that many of them today . 
   this looks like something that a few guys with access to basement + pen + paper + innocuous internet searches would be able to do in a few evenings . 
  things tend to seem easier on paper , though . 
  hosting a dinner for 200 people does n't * seem * that different from hosting a dinner for 5 people , assuming you have others to help . 
  in practice , you need to do * everything * differently and you 're going to have whole new * kinds * of problems . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  it 's just more visible due to recent events . 
   and why do n't you have laws against begging ? 
  it 's suggested all the time , but would hurt other people ( i.e. 
  homeless ) too . 
  these people are also less annoying than people trying to collect charitable donations , because at least the foreign beggars wo n't try to talk to you or follow you if you just walk past them . 
  so no one cares very much .
