  might as well just sum it up into one episode : * people are more okay with bombs going off than with having to pay more for gas . 
  something tells me the map would look very different today . 
  the helmets in the video all looked accurate . 
  skull caps with optional detailed face masks . 
  but the beards could use a bit more combing . 
  it can sometimes be a fancy term for `` compromise to prevent civil war '' . 
  sort of like when the catholic cardinals ca n't get along and elect a very old pope as a way of postponing their disagreements . 
   politically it 's currently a race to be as anti-immigrant as possible here ... a race to be as anti-immigrant as possible without admitting that you 've changed your mind on the issue , basically . 
  public opinion has shifted massively in the past two years , and most parties followed . 
   sweden is lost . 
  i take it you 've never actually been to sweden . 
  it does n't include any right to have an iphone , though . 
  they still applied for and received asylum legally , in the way that 's the whole point of germany having an asylum system . 
  the only weird thing here is why germany thought it was a good idea to have an asylum program for people who had no legal way to actually get to germany . 
  it 's not * that * crazy if they 're not citizens . 
  having a permit to live in a country and being a citizen of that country are very different things . 
  the permit can be revoked . 
  the citizenship generally can not . 
  they tend to not get permanent residency . 
   what could be the incentive ? 
  a lot of the time that 's really only clear afterwards , and when no one knows the cost in advance , the motives do n't have to match the end result . 
  just look at wwi . 
  no one wanted a war like that , but it happened anyway and once it got started it just spiraled out of control . 
  by the end of the war , armies were fighting with weapons that did n't exist when it started . 
  the same goes for wwii . 
  you ca n't really predict these things . 
  a lot of other cities have basically kicked the cars out of the city centers . 
  if you need to get from one end to the other , you go around rather than through . 
  you get more available land to build on that way , along with less noise and pollution downtown . 
  you need a government * at some point * , or you 're going to be sitting there with old laws full of loopholes that no one has the authority to patch , and a budget that 's adapted to the needs of days long past . 
  no money for anything digital but plenty of money spent on street lamp lighters . 
  this just shows that they can go on vacation for a year or two and no one will miss them . 
  in belarus they make sure you do n't criticize the regime . 
  in monaco they make sure you do n't leave the casinos while you still have money . 
  but that 's going to hurt future sales . 
  also no one has that much money . 
  the irish do n't need police when they have the swiss guard watching over them . 
  it was definitely dominated by russia , but was n't the same thing . 
  in antiquity , this would have been considered the more honorable option . 
  decide your own fate . 
  it 's not * that * crazy . 
  the old cyanide pill concept . 
  the ancient greeks and romans also seemed fond of the idea of killing yourself before your enemy got a chance to do it if you had clearly lost . 
  if he thinks he 'd be interrogated and might give up information or that a trial would be bad for the cause , suicide is entirely reasonable . 
   fight me irl !, 
  that 's what the kings spent their time doing , yes . 
  that 's why we have a legal system in place . 
  europe was a much bloodier place back when justice was based on gut feelings . 
  anyone with an interest in fashion . 
  it might be the ugliest decade , even if the music was good . 
  syria was never that kind of shithole . 
  it only became one when foreign fanatics and mercenaries joines the ongoing civil war . 
  it did n't start out as a religious conflict . 
  now that 's just wide open for vodka jokes ... 
  definitely . 
  which is why those people are going to be very hesitant to move power even further away , and the cities that are n't currently neglected can look to those places as a lesson of what might happen to them if they surrender too much power to somewhere else . 
  anyone . 
  once you 've removed the interior and de-sanctified the place , it 's just a moderately large building that can be turned into a home or apartments or whatever , depending on the size . 
  a building is not inherently sacred just because it was built to serve as a church . 
  do n't they have their own bunkers ? 
   in an ideal federal system ... and if there was some way to ensure that it stayed ideal , people might approve of it . 
  but there is n't , and given how many people dislike the capital for pretty much the same reason , switching to a capital that 's even more removed from the rest of the country would be a hard sell . 
  with no guarantee that those things wo n't end up on the federal level eventually , and with a much higher barrier for leaving . 
   can i ask , was there a belief you had a say in anything before joining the eu ? 
  about domestic policy , certainly . 
  there are a ton of things that affect you every day that are decided on a national level . 
  since all countries would inevitably end up contributing federal tax , and since the nordic countries are probably going to get the short end of the money-back-stick when it comes to things like infrastructure spending , people are n't very positive towards the whole idea . 
   but only if you think scandinavia is n't effected by the economic development of the rest of the continent . 
  we have no say now , we 'd have no say in a federation . 
  nothing changes . 
  it 's a wise answer . 
  if you do n't know , you do n't know . 
  it 's a complex question and most people probably have n't given it that much thought yet . 
  no one would care about what happened up here , and we would n't have enough representatives in parliament to make it an issue . 
  you 'd have people who have never been north of berlin making decisions that affect the nordic countries . 
  people also tend to be careful when voting . 
  if it 's just a poll , people might think it sounds good . 
  when it comes to actually voting , they consider what they risk losing , and usually go for the safer option . 
  while there are a handful of loud federalists , the majority are very strongly against it . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  if the eu goes federal , we 'll just leave . 
  the population is too low for the nordic countries to ever get any meaningful representation , and the countries are too remote for anyone else to give a shit about what happens in jukkasj\u00e4rvi or kiruna . 
  the migrant crisis is an odd beast , because a lot of politicians have been very insistent on there not being a migrant crisis while simultaneously trying to deal with it . 
  some countries are very sure about their `` no '' . 
  the reasoning up north is that we 'd get so few seats in parliament that we wo n't really have any say at all in anything . 
  we 'd basically give up all sovereignty , become some remote backwater that no one cares about , and have very little to show for it . 
  smaller countries down on the continent know that they 'll be harder to ignore and that they 'll at least get some infrastructure , but it does n't take much imagination to picture a situation where the nordic countries just pay and do n't get shit fifty years from now . 
  i was just looking at it and thinking that it looks like a flattened version of stockholm with some mountains photoshopped into the background . 
  the commission * is * democratically elected . 
  the elected government of each member state appoints one commissioner . 
  that 's why they can squat so well . 
  rebar knees . 
   ... trying to whitewash someone you presumably sympathize with . 
  right ... because that 's totally not a huge leap in logic . 
  trying to see both sides means you have to be an evil shill . 
  no room for nuance , ever . 
  you could probably pass as a swede by speaking latvian , though . 
  there are so many weird and utterly unintelligible dialects all over the country that one of them has to be pretty close . 
  i 've met native swedes who i could n't understand a word of what they were saying . 
  literally * nothing * .
