  just read the comment section of any newspaper . 
  it 's all insane paranoid conspiracies everywhere . 
  you 'll see plenty of people blaming this on anything from immigrants to israel or even trump somehow . 
  but then you have n't actually fixed the population growth ; you 've just put that extra population in orphanages . 
  and you 'd have a large number of children growing up in secrecy . 
  if a government ca n't even control something like people 's desire for alcohol , how could it possibly ever hope to control the most fundamental biological imperative there is ? 
  it does n't really matter anyway . 
  it 's the kind of thing that only people who do n't actually want any children would ever support , and they 're a tiny minority made up largely of people who are too young to vote anyway . 
   the major of the village collects the id cards and writes the ballots himself well , this assumes that he 'd get away with blatantly breaking the law , in which case there are far bigger problems than election fraud . 
  it does n't matter who gets to legislate if the law is n't upheld anyway . 
   the protocol at the end with the counted votes is forged in sweden , the vote counting process is open to the public . 
  it happens immediately after the voting , in the same place , and without moving the ballot box in between , aside from turning it upside down onto a large table so the votes can be counted . 
   people just travel around a region with buses paid by the parties and vote multiple times would n't work here . 
  if you 're not on the list printed before the election ( and to be on the list you have to have lived in the district for a certain period of time ) , you ca n't vote . 
  each district has their own printed list , and that 's the supreme authority on who gets to vote . 
  the list is of course open to the public , so anyone can read it . 
   who 's going to pay for all those pensions ? 
  i believe the standard response to this is `` something something immigrants '' , and if you point out that immigrants also grow old and retire and that exponential population growth is n't sustainable in the long term , you 're racist . 
   though i 'm in favour of parenting licensing you do realize that this is completely unenforceable , unless you want to start a ministry of killing illegal babies ? 
   you can have sub-replacement birth rates or you can have a welfare state , but you ca n't have both in the long-term . 
  only if you assume that the productivity per worker can not increase , but it 's been doing that every year for the past two centuries . 
  if the productivity per worker increases , you can get the same tax income from a smaller population , and having a shrinking population is not necessarily a problem . 
  the only real catch is that you ca n't have a shrinking population while also having an economy that grows at the same rate . 
  people would n't have to accept a lower standard of living , but would have to accept that it wo n't improve as quickly as before , as that extra money will go towards caring for the elderly rather than pay raises . 
  if you can increase how productive each worker is , you can produce the same amount of things with a smaller workforce . 
  you still run into problems with having enough nurses to care for the elderly , but at least they 'll have food and medicine . 
   how can you believe that paper ca n't be tampered with ? 
  it can not be tampered with if you implement a proper system , and people actually care enough to make sure it 's not tampered with . 
  the swedish system is very robust , and the only way anyone could ever get away with any kind of election fraud is if the voters just do n't care . 
  every step of the process is open to the public , from the first vote being cast to the last vote being counted . 
  in that time , the ballot box never moves , and only two people touch it ( and then in full view of everyone ) . 
  with electronic voting , that 's fundamentally impossible , as you ca n't see the data . 
  even if there 's an interface that lets you track the results in real time , there 's no way to know that what you 're seeing is the actual results . 
  even if the code is open source , you ca n't know that the public code was the one that 's actually running during the election , and there are a million ways to mess with the computers or the communication regardless . 
  so a digital election can not ever be guaranteed to be accurate . 
   if it 's coded securely and robustly enough , i do n't see any negative to this . 
  the negative is the definition of `` enough '' . 
  a digital system is inherently not transparent , as there 's no way to be sure that the data has n't been tampered with . 
  even if you see the hard drive and it 's not connected to anything , you ca n't know that someone did n't manage to sneak something into the hardware before . 
  much more difficult hacks have been done successfully in the past , so it 's not like this would be some unprecedented feat . 
  with a paper-based system you * can * be sure that they have n't been tampered with , but with a digital system it 's inherently impossible to know if the numbers are accurate enough . 
  you just have to trust the people responsible when they say it 's secure . 
  also keep in mind that the outcome of an election is n't just a concern for the people in that country . 
  even if no one in the country has the will or the resources to cheat , that does n't mean some foreign intelligence agency wo n't at some point in the future . 
  manufactured by , not designed by . 
  as usual , europeans do n't really care enough about us elections to actually learn what each candidate actually stands for , but still want to feel relevant by making fun of * someone * . 
  trump is the easier target , so he gets accused of pretty much everything ever . 
  the balkan refugees are bunched together with other refugees to form the multinational `` welcoming culture '' fish , which then gets eaten by that single huge fish . 
  the symbolism is pretty blunt . 
   but i 'm not so sure anymore and that 's how you know it 's good . 
  the rest are mostly one-sided depictions of obvious opinions . 
  the tank is the only one that might cause people to stop and actually * think * about the message . 
  as indicated by the name , it was a bait-and-switch : they thought they 'd get gold but actually just got rocks . 
  relative poverty strikes again . 
  someone else gets richer and the statistics suddenly say you 've become poorer , even if you have more than ever before . 
  it 's mostly killing someone else 's chickens , and those chickens insist on provoking the dog every time it tries to sleep , so it 's a bit messier than that and we care a lot less than we would if it was * our * chickens . 
  having a strong influence does n't mean you can get * everything * you want , at least not forever . 
  they did manage to prolong the process . 
  underlords , surely ? 
  using facebook to stage street fights is hardly unique to ireland . 
  hooligans do that here too , and it 's really a good thing . 
  they were going to fight anyway , and now they can do so in places where it does n't bother anyone else . 
   and referred everyone to the `` long term economic plan '' being presented by the finance minister . 
  that part does sound fair , though . 
  the pm ca n't announce everything , and i do n't think his ministers would like him if he did . 
  for almost everything . 
  shipping is * extremely * cheap if you can do it by the container and you can wait a week for it to arrive . 
  modern container ships can carry absolutely mind-boggling amounts of cargo . 
  think 3000 train cars . 
  they were . 
  they just altered the quote . 
  pray they do not alter it further . 
   i disagree , since the rise of home-brewing and microbrewery in france we have very good stuff , all over the country . 
  sure , but the really good belgian stuff is still better than pretty much anything else . 
  a lot of countries have a lot of good beer , but the best of belgium is better than anything found anywhere else . 
  i 've seen the reverse , where there was a lot of almond paste and no cream . 
  so preferences seem to vary wildly . 
  [ wiki link with pictures ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semla ) for anyone curious . 
  the name depends on where in sweden you are ; in the south they 're known as * fastlagsbullar * . 
  hey , ** i ** do n't mind -10 \u00b0 or even -20 \u00b0 , but you ca n't deny that it 's pretty cold and if you go out in a tshirt you 're going to regret it pretty quickly . 
  you ca n't really explain how cold it is to someone who has never experienced anything below +10 \u00b0 . 
  it 's so much colder that it seems wrong to use the same word to describe it . 
  this is n't really the eu 's fault , though . 
  the migrants are n't passing through countries legally ; they 're doing so because those countries choose to look the other way , which they could have done just as well before the eu . 
  and it 's not as if there were impregnable walls and minefields all along the border before the eu , so having passport controls at every major road would n't have actually prevented anyone from entering . 
   starts off with the ` why ca n't they interview me in the embassy ? ', 
  even though he knows that 's not how sweden does things . 
  not to mention saying that he 'd go if the swedish government gave him a guarantee that he would n't be extradited . 
  there 's just one small problem with that - such a guarantee would be considered ministerial meddling ( * ministerstyre * ) and violate the swedish constitution . 
  the guarantee would be worth less than the paper it was printed on , and whoever gave the guarantee would ruin their own political career . 
  keep in mind that the smugglers have help from people who already made the trip , and who either do n't want to admit to themselves that they were tricked or do n't want anyone back home to know about it , so they just tell everyone about how great it is . 
  when you hear stories about how great it is from people who made the trip and no one ever says they tried it and it sucked , what are you supposed to believe ? 
  i think they just did n't quite grasp how cold -10 \u00b0 c is . 
  which is understandable ; sub-zero air temperatures are n't really something you can explain or anticipate . 
   so according to you when a european goes to america , he should get arrested for drinking alcohol under the age of 21 ? 
  not at all . 
  i 'm saying that if the us * wanted to * arrest him for it , there 's not a whole lot anyone else can do about it . 
  there 's no super-supreme court that 's is going to show up and personally absolve him of guilt . 
  if a country wants to prosecute people for something they did somewhere else , the only thing you can do about it is to not go there . 
  a lot of countries do n't even bother accusing you of something you actually did anywhere , and will just make something up and lock you up for that .
