  it 's not really news . 
  she 's been saying this for half a decade . 
  or making an example of someone who was annoying in order to make their job easier in the future . 
  well , it wo n't necessarily be a * pleasant * stay . 
  but you 'll get to stay . 
  in some form . 
  i do n't know if it has ever actually happened , though . 
  yeah , but that does n't get you asylum . 
  if you get asylum , you 're guaranteed food and some kind of housing for a while . 
  i think you get free swedish lesson regardless , because if you do n't have a job it 'll help you get one and if you had one when you moved then we 'd love to give you one more reason to stay and keep paying taxes . 
  i was expecting a greek flair to go with that statement . 
  considering that there 's no shortage of europeans trying to sell the same idea , the smugglers would n't have to try very hard to provide sources . 
  demographical challenges and all that . 
  i guess both are interesting ways to die . 
  well , there you go . 
  that 's settled , so let 's go get drunk . 
  it 's at least theoretically possible . 
  if they 'd face the death penalty for something if they went home , i do n't think finland can refuse them . 
  but i may be mistaken , so try to avoid getting sentenced to death as a strategy for moving to finland . 
   that 's about 6m votes out of a pool of 45m registered voters . 
  assuming their voters are twice as likely to actually turn up as other parties , which is just wild speculation . 
  unless there 's a serious study saying otherwise , we have to assume that the election result is representative of the whole population . 
  even if there is such a study , it 's still representative of the people who care enough to vote , wand they 're the people who matter . 
  ** every ** time there 's an election result that someone disagrees with , they immediately claim that they would have won if turnout had been higher and that they * should * have been the winners . 
  and in the end , that 's just a shitty way of blaming ( potential ) voters for your own failures , which is often exactly the kind of thing that kept them from voting for you in the first place . 
   this is also one of the resulting effects of a small country . 
  there is very little to do ... 
  this will depend a lot on how urbanized and centralized the country is , though . 
  half the population of sweden lives in or near the three biggest cities , while most of the country is uninhabited . 
  so total population and population density numbers do n't really say much . 
  and then threaten to unsubscribe whenever something happens ? 
  yes . 
  they speak quietly , while keeping gestures to a minimum . 
  very asocial overall . 
  and their food is terrible . 
  stealing a little at a time , with each individual theft so small as to go ( almost ) unnoticed . 
  `` good '' is subjective . 
  `` bestseller '' is a defined metric . 
  but what if russian tourists stop coming to finland ? 
  they 'll miss out on tens of euros worth of revenue every year !, 
  surstr\u00f6mming wo n't kill you * instantly * . 
  it 'll be drawn out and painful . 
  they should just call him an artist . 
  that 's what he 's famous for . 
  recognized by no one ever , it should be added . 
  there 's a bunch of lore , though . 
  it 's all rather amusing , and slightly insane . 
   yeah , i have no clue what some sort of german sausage is doing there . 
  all kinds of random sausages are occasionally included . 
  more so the further back in time you look . 
  still , including wei\u00dfwurst but not prinskorv is absurd , though . 
  everyone has prinskorv . 
  maybe 0.1 % have wei\u00dfwurst . 
  they had a parliament all that time , though . 
  no one was formally leading the country , but they did still have an assembly with the power to make law . 
  people who bother to vote usually have some understanding of what the candidates or parties stand for . 
  it 's usually just one choice every four years . 
  some thought goes into it if you bother to go out and vote . 
  but if there 's a referendum on * everything * , there would be multiple political decisions to make every day . 
  few people care enough to put * that * much effort into it . 
  it 's a big place . 
  they 're not all living in huge polluted cities along the coast . 
   now we have the apparently contradictory situation where muslims and gays suport the fn , even though the fn has a history of islamophobic and homophobic tendencies . 
  to be fair , it 's not the first time a party changes its views significantly . 
  the most famous and extreme example is probably the democrats and republicans in the us switching sides on the political spectrum . 
  few would claim that the republicans are * actually * still leftist , and are just pretending to be right wing to attract voters . 
  fn might have genuinely changed their minds , or at least their policies . 
  no brown cabbage ( which is like 50 % sugar ) ? 
  no caviar on the eggs ? 
  no * lutfisk * ? 
  i 'm skeptical of their swedish christmas dinner . 
  the things on it are good ( aside from the wei\u00dfwurst ; you might see it , but rarely ) , but it 's missing stuff . 
  in particular it 's missing sugary stuff . 
  it does n't seem so crazy now . 
  it 's * just * big and high enough . 
   looks like it includes the ferries . 
  i 'm pretty sure the danes really do have a secret bridge across the atlantic that no one has seen or heard about . 
  i think the russians might object to an annexation of kaliningrad and st. petersburg . 
   it 's not really fine to have a dictator at all whether they support you or not . 
  or rather , it 's fine if you do , but do n't call it a democracy just because it serves your interests . 
  or just `` lie by omission , not really true at all '' . 
  nah , it 's just the usual case of taking credit for anything good that happens and blaming the eu for anything bad that happens , then threatening to leave the eu as a solution to the problem , while neglecting to actually do so as it 's a great scapegoat and because you know that it would n't fix anything and would just make you be held accountable in the future . 
   nordic council , benelux ( probably with germany and austria , perhaps sweden ) nonsense . 
  we 'd totally steal germany for the nordic union . 
  the netherlands and the baltic trio can come too . 
  and probably poland ; they 're more culturally similar than they get credit for . 
  but they 'll * totally * do it this time . 
   they 'll buy access to the local healthcare . 
  assuming they can afford it . 
  healthcare is expensive when you 're old . 
  the only reason you can afford it at home is because tax money basically gets averaged out over your lifetime , but if you move away from your home country then that money is pretty much forfeit . 
  but it 's right there in the name . 
  working as originally intended . 
  and that 's not even a joke . 
  they moved it from a spaceship to a dungeon ? 
  does n't seem like an upgrade . 
  that 's also influential , so both work just as well in this case . 
  if she can manage both at the same time then that 's even better . 
  they actually did do exactly that at the beginning of the revolutionary war , so they have some experience in that area . 
  the outcome made sense .
