  i mean the many centuries that finland was part of sweden , and went around waging war all over the place . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  if eastern russia counts on this map then french guiana should too . 
  non-european parts of countries with european capitals . 
  that has n't always been the case . 
  well , it requires that you actually had troops that were part of the invading armies . 
  that 's voldemort club . 
  short range target shooting for minors , usually . 
  they can also be used as a less messy paintball substitute . 
  have you even seen the present sweden ? 
   orchestrated by western ngos and intelligence services which ones and what exactly did they do ? 
  because the revolution was n't particularly fancy , and none of it actually required any outside help . 
   european and american intervention there was no intervention , or this mess would n't have happened . 
  there was live video of the whole revolution . 
  which parts of it required any foreign help ? 
  well , i 'd certainly rather die at 90 than at 30 . 
  have we learned nothing from heinlein ? 
   just not a simple fuck your face if you want to go fast . 
  the people living nearby tend to like those , though . 
  some things do stay the same , though . 
  the cathedral is still under construction . 
  low cost for you , anyway . 
  it 's certainly a good time and way to get rid of an unwanted expensive car . 
  is it * really * that unreasonable to ask for pictures that were n't edited to look more colorful than the place really is ? 
  some of these are fine , but [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e6ecka5.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/njt4bpg.jpg ) just scream `` i increased the saturation ! '', 
  the problem is all the stuff that 's downvoted because it 's shitty content gets visible then too . 
   vodka :  18-30 : 16 % more like 96 % . 
  no , just dumb politicians . 
  which is hardly news at all . 
  okay , so not just a single school . 
  it 's two schools . 
   in the meanwhile we are changing the name of certain christmas events , as they might be insulting towards non-christians ... 
  i think there are about ten thousand stories about this happening for each time it has actually happened . 
  usually it 's just a single school or rural village or something else local that no one * actually * gives a shit about . 
   anecdotes are not more valid than speculation . 
  well , it 's based on some kind of data gathering . 
  just not very scientifically rigorous . 
  just anecdotes from studying engineering myself . 
  most of us were rather awkward , at least when non-engineers were involved . 
  you 're probably in the minority among engineering students , though . 
  using your skills to read nazi propaganda ? 
  then just stay where you are and the thought police will be along shortly to assist you . 
   and we 're doing still fine . 
  the people at the market are n't . 
  having a booming it sector is little comfort when you 're dead . 
  you 're allowed to swear . 
  reddit will just interpret your self-censorship as text formatting otherwise and make your comment look quite odd . 
   sweden will be next not long form now . 
  there was an attempted attack in stockholm a few years back , but he ended up only injuring himself after the detonator malfunctioned . 
   tougher on isis ?!, 
  not true since he just lost palmyra . . 
  being tough and being successful at it are different things , but it could be argued that it 's better to try and fail than to never try in the first place . 
  of course , when it comes to the middle east it 's also easy to argue that the best approach is to stay the hell away . 
  rich people murder each other too . 
  that 's not a crime in monaco , which is why people live there in the first place . 
  anywhere sufficiently far north , really . 
  you could find places that look just like this in sweden , norway , russia , and canada too . 
  still quite nice . 
  they 're sort of subtle in the first books . 
  in the latter ones aslan straight up says that he 's jesus . 
  he woke up and took the picture . 
  ... while the swedish speaking finns i 've met feel the same way about finnish and the finnish speaking parts of the country . 
  looks like normal blonde hair . 
  the sun gives it that slight natural gradient . 
  no reason to assume it 's fake . 
  a privateer is just a pirate without their own flag . 
  my girlfriend . 
   wow , not allowing for inciting ethnic violence severely limits political spectrum ? 
  why pick that thing out of the millions of things people can say ? 
  because you disagree with it on political grounds and you think that someone saying it might convince others to act . 
  meaning you want to limit freedom of speech to convince certain `` dangerously persuasive '' political groups from becoming too popular . 
  surely you can see how that 's a problem . 
  the fact that you just want to limit this one thing does n't change much , because why should you be the one who gets to censor and why should anyone trust you not to do it again once you have that power ? 
   you always need to compromise between bad and worse . 
  i think inciting ethnic violence is worse than bad . 
  and others would argue that undermining democracy is far more dangerous than allowing a few nutcases from spouting hateful rhetoric . 
  just imagine what they could do with the hate speech laws if they ever secured a majority in parliament . 
   `` free speech '' to incite ethnic-based discrimination ? 
  the alternative is to only allow politicians to make campaign promises that the current government has approved . 
  you ca n't have freedom of speech if there 's an added catch of `` only applies to ideas i like '' . 
  you might argue for something in between , but it 'll be an in between that * you * chose that conveniently leaves everything * you * want to say legal while silencing any opposition . 
   i 'm always suspicious of this level of tactical pedantry when it comes to racism as long as laws against hate speech exist , such pedantry is necessary . 
  some statements are legal and others are n't . 
  you 're obviously not just going to just accept it if someone accuses you of breaking the law when what you said was actually legal . 
   so they 're not racist , just bigots ? 
  the distinction is ** very ** important if one is illegal and the other is n't . 
  many will see it as them being persecuted by the legal system for having perfectly legal opinions . 
  it might not make people like them better , but it 'll certainly make many people think less of any party or candidate that does n't condemn it . 
   what 's the point of making a connection in perth ... 
  it 's very convenient for people who want to go to perth . 
  it 's nice if you can sleep for most of the way . 
  range limits on the planes , probably . 
  perth is much closer to europe . 
  or fuel economy . 
  the further you go , the more fuel you need , making the plane heavier , causing you to need even more fuel for the whole trip , making the plane even heavier , and so on . 
  it 's the australia of australia ? 
   funnily enough nearly every notable measure to help against those fears did n't become a reality for the same reason . 
  measures to * try * to help against those fears . 
  there 's no guarantee that any of it would have worked , which is why people were so against it . 
  sometimes the only reasonable thing to do is to cut your losses and stop throwing money at a fire .
