  or because they visit a lot ? 
  i 'm not from stockholm and have never lived in the city , but i spend a few days there at least once per month , so i 'm moderately qualified to comment on how easy it is to get around using the subway . 
  for context , the last election in sweden had 1.13 % invalid votes , so it 's not an unreasonably large number . 
   how are invalid votes taken into the consideration ? 
  the definitions of `` invalid votes '' vary . 
  blank votes may be considered invalid ; they are in sweden . 
  they tend to be reported separately , but they 're legally considered to be the same as someone voting for a party that does n't exist or just drawing a smiley face on the ballot . 
  i 'd say there 's a big difference between being hostile and being skeptical of them coming here . 
  i do n't have any particularly hostile feeling towards you , but i 'm still not particularly inclined to let you in to the house . 
  in that one small party . 
  they only got six-point-something percent of the votes in the last election . 
   ahh yes , it cant possibly end by simply losing votes and fading into obscurity . 
  at the current rate , the greens will probably just drop below the 4 % requirement for getting into parliament and get kicked out of parliament . 
  and if that happens , they 'll probably never get back in again . 
  they were already losing voters before any of this happened . 
   i proportion a lot more blame on the swedes here than the islamists . 
  to be fair , 94.1 % of swedes who were eligible to vote in the last elections * did n't * vote for them . 
  you 've got to admire his doublethink . 
  he manages to argue the exact opposite of what he 's saying in the same sentence . 
  i think it has more to do with the fact that the leftist parties are the only ones who bother to event try to attract those groups . 
  the social democrats and the left party are the only ones who really do any serious campaigning in immigrant neighborhoods , so of course they get all the votes . 
  once that has been going on for a while , it sort of becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  no one else bothers to do any campaigning there because they all vote for s or v anyway . 
  are you implying that the moderate , center , and liberal parties are full of hate-filled conspiratards ? 
   well , he 's not necessarily wrong about israel ... 
  he is . 
  you do n't have to agree with israeli politics , but realistically no one would have even thought to compare the two if not for the fact that jews were involved in both cases . 
  it 's a completely different thing at a completely different scale . 
  either way , it 's not something you should be saying if you 're a minister in a government that wants good relations with israel . 
   sweden is like the most islam accepting country in the west atm . 
  i guess someone could make up some kind of case about it being vaguely related to the fact that sweden 's only muslim minister got kicked out of government last week , if they * really * want an excuse to be offended . 
  chantarelles also go well with more chantarelles . 
  very popular overall , with the only downside being that it 's expensive in stores . 
  [ porcino ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boletus_edulis ) ( karljohan/stensopp ) is pretty popular too . 
  beyond that , it 's all mostly local and not something you 'll generally be able to get unless you pick it yourself . 
  but they 're kinetic energy gatherers !, 
  totally not big floaty things on arms . 
  stability . 
  simplified diplomacy . 
  a foot in the door . 
  and free trade within the eu makes trade with the outside easier . 
  considering that the eu and the us are the two biggest economies in the world , conveniently located for cheap shipping across the atlantic , there 's an absurd amount of money at stake . 
  it takes a while to set up production . 
  specialized machines and such , with much of it being classified . 
  pretty much every nation that makes armored vehicles does their best to keep the armor specs secret . 
  does n't matter when it 's been stored on a ship for three months . 
  either way , that water is going to taste terrible , which is why rum used to be added . 
  that and the fact that rum is obviously good for morale when spending months at a time without going ashore . 
  sure , but that 's no reason to celebrate it today . 
  as proud europeans , we should be celebrating it on decoctober 4th . 
  hell , one time out of nine * i * ca n't get a ticket from a ticket machine , and i 'm about as native as you can get . 
  those things often have weird and inconsistent interfaces , occasionally paired with poorly thought out hardware solutions . 
  it 's been going on for * way * longer than that . 
  first generation means * you * immigrated . 
  second generation means that one or both of your parents did , which may or may not mean much . 
  if both of your parents immigrated just before you were born , it 's probably quite clear that you 're of immigrant descent . 
  if one of your parents immigrated as a child , it 's likely that no one would ever know about it unless you told them or had an unusual last name . 
  unfortunately , there 's no good way of separating those two groups in the statistics . 
  third generation immigrant means one or more of your grandparents were immigrants , which is an utterly pointless statistic . 
  the final exam of high school is itself hardly the lowest level school test , though . 
  it 's the easiest version of the most difficult test found outside of universities . 
  it 's the same everywhere . 
  those courses assume you 're already fluent , so that 's not what they test . 
  failing does n't mean you ca n't speak the language ; it just means you ca n't spell odd words , understand weird dialects , or get the grammar right in convoluted sentences . 
  americans really like their 4/20 references . 
  they just do n't make sense anywhere else , as 20/4 lacks weed-related significance . 
  that seems pretty similar in practice to the way it 's handled in sweden . 
  the police care about the supply chain , but i 've never heard about them actually caring about anyone using it or possessing small quantities . 
  it 's not * legal * , but they do n't give a shit . 
  they do n't even do anything about much of the street trade even when it 's sold in the open and everyone knows it 's happening . 
  i believe she 's dumb enough and her world view is skewed enough that she could believe pretty much anything . 
  there are , sort of . 
  you ca n't be sentenced to life in prison right away , but the law does allow for extending the sentence if it 's judged that you still pose a threat to society . 
  i do n't know the details , but norwegian law does allow for him to be locked up for the rest of his life . 
  / r/europe would have mixed feelings . 
  / r/worldnews could declare him a saint and rename the sub in his honor . 
   yes i got that . 
  my question is : what specific law ? 
  a norwegian one , if the court is to be believed . 
  they 're more likely to try to kill him than to listen to him . 
  he 's not exactly popular , and his views are * way * out there compared to even the most extreme far right crowd . 
   he 's not in jail , he 's in a nice apartment with a personal gym , video games and all he can ask for . 
  it 's not that nice and he hardly gets all he can ask for . 
  he 's able to get books and stuff , but that 's more to try to rehabilitate him than to entertain him . 
  that might not be possible , but it 's sort of the ultimate punishment in a sense , if it works . 
  turn him into what he tried to kill . 
  the alternative is n't to release him . 
  it 's not as if he poses a threat to the wardens or the other prisoners . 
  and he 's a mass murderer , not a serial killer . 
  he was `` active '' for only one day , then turned himself in to the police . 
  from what i remember , he even called the cops on himself . 
  he 's clearly nuts , but he had very specific targets in mind . 
  because in the `` misfortune '' meaning it 's not a word that 's ever singular or plural . 
  i do n't think anyone has used `` olyckor '' in that sense since the 19th century . 
   the opposition has had more than enough justification to call a vote of no confidence and trigger an early election , on more than one occasion . 
  the problem is that it does n't help them . 
  there may be a majority who disagree with the government , but there is n't any majority that agrees with anyone else . 
  a vote of no confidence would in practice result in new elections , which favors some parties but not others . 
  so unless there 's a majority that disagrees with the current government * and * thinks that new elections now would be in their favor , there wo n't be a vote of no confidence . 
   even the ousting of kaplan was spearheaded by media , until it was a done deal the party heads offered little more than bland commentary .
