  they 've authorized tent camps , but it 's not like anyone actually has ten thousand spare tents laying around . 
  i believed they got their hands on about two hundred . 
  everyone has just kind of assumed that it would work out somehow . 
   b ) are not eligible for asylum yet for various reasons this one is notable . 
  if you 're denied asylum , you 're not allowed to apply again for x years . 
  it 's entirely possible that some people qualify for asylum , but the fact that they applied before they became qualified means they ca n't get asylum . 
   sweden have lost all control over illegal immigrants . 
  sweden is just doing the ** exact ** same thing that ever other country between sweden and syria has done : looking the other way when foreign-looking people pass through . 
  if refugees decide that they did n't want to seek asylum in sweden after all , then fine . 
  the worst case scenario is that they stick around , but then they do n't get any money from the government , so that 's not too much of an issue . 
   i do n't speak dutch , but i parsed it as af-sluit-dijk , or off-shut-dike . 
  even easier to spot in swedish as we have the word * avslut * meaning completion or finalization . 
  they 're fairly comfortable . 
  a bit annoying at times , though , as the rigid sole means they get a bit unstable if you step on a rock , while a softer shoe just bends around it . 
  they could n't afford any after the whole ... incident . 
  would n't that combination just make them flip upside down and drown faster ? 
   is buddhism common among european citizens who have asian family background ? 
  very rare as far as i can tell . 
  i ca n't remember ever meeting a buddhist in europe . 
  i suppose it could just be that it never comes up . 
  well , it makes sense . 
  while they were growing up , it was perfectly reasonable to be very suspicious of any chinese people who go around taking pictures of things . 
  it would have been weirder if they * did n't * find it strange that people from a communist country were documenting everything with such frenzy . 
  * self-proclaimed * tolerance champions . 
  this is like having an athletic championship and settling for asking people how fast they can run 100 meters . 
   what 's wrong with a federation exactly ? 
  a federation could work if a majority actually supported it at the time . 
  if it 's something that 's introduced without majority support in every country ( support for federalization , not just support for candidates who will vote for it ) , people are going to hate it . 
  half-hearted support for the kurds , the free syrian army and the current iraqi government . 
  so as long as you can avoid getting stuck on the western front fighting against assad , it 's all good . 
  well , it 's not an entirely fair comparison . 
  most of sweden 's money comes from those uninhabitable places . 
  you 've got towns like kiruna that are basically just an iron ore mine with a town on top , right in the middle of nowhere ( the nearest other town in 100 km away , and that 's another similar mining town ) . 
  this is n't representative of the church of sweden . 
  it was * one * bishop suggesting it and everyone else opposing the idea . 
  reading more about it , this was n't aimed at immigrants at all . 
  it was intended to only be done in one centrally located church and was aimed at foreign visitors who do n't spend much time in the city and do n't have anywhere else to go . 
  immigrants can just visit a mosque , but those tend to be located on the outskirts of towns . 
  either way , it was just one person suggesting it and everyone else opposing it , so it 's not going to happen regardless . 
  this is n't really newsworthy . 
  it 's not immigrants suggesting it , it 's one bishop suggesting that it be done with one church , but the proprietor of that church is against the idea so it 's highly unlikely that it 'll happen . 
   i ca n't imagine this is a theologically sound idea : foreign gods being praised in one religion 's temple ? 
  allah is n't a foreign god according to modern christianity . 
  it 's just another name for god and a different form of worship , but ultimately the same faith . 
  the same goes for other christian sects ( catholic , orthodox , etc. 
  ) , jews , and a couple of related minor religions . 
  so they would n't be allowing worship of foreign gods , just foreign forms of worship of the one true god . 
  islam has held comparable ideas for as long as it has existed . 
   ... to make it more inviting to visiting seamen from other religions . 
  so basically nothing to do with immigrants . 
  and it 's only one person suggesting it , not something that has actually been done nor something that 's likely to happen . 
  and it 's only for one church . 
   i would n't be surprised if they instate sharia laws in the next few years it should surprise you . 
  that 's pretty much the opposite of what any of the pro-immigration parties want to do . 
  their entire immigration policy is built on the idea that everything is going great and that immigrants are n't having any problems integrating . 
  they wo n't propose anything that even hints at the possibility that immigrants do n't magically become 100 % swedish after a year or two . 
   some politcal partys youthmovments do say yes to polygamy . 
  some parties ' youth organizations are absolutely 100 % batshit insane , though . 
  they should n't be seen as representative of anything other than how wrong things can go when you put a bunch of people with zero life experience in a room and ask them to fix all of society 's problems ( without specifying what those problems are ) . 
   this is literally the opposite of tolerance and multiculturalism . 
  only if the immigrants demanded it , which does n't seem very likely . 
  this seems more like a case of people who mean well but end up doing stupid things . 
   it does n't have to be fictional , as we have examples of countries that joined and the effect of the euro can be measured . 
  there are n't really any other countries that are comparable to the uk . 
  but we need someone in the eu who does n't like the eu . 
  it 's the only way the union can last . 
  if the yay-sayers get their way they 're going to turn it into a federation that nobody asked for , and after a few decades the whole thing would collapse . 
   well the only other solution offered to fix the dependency ratio is pro-natalism . 
  there are two more possible solutions : forcing/encouraging people to retire later when possible or raising taxes and lowering retirement payouts . 
  neither option would be very popular , but they would actually solve the problem in the long term . 
  the real problem is that each person spends more money in their lifetime than they earn , and the only ways to actually address that is to increase lifetime productivity or reduce lifetime spending . 
  any other measure is just a way to make it next generation 's problem . 
   would n't this lead to civil unrest ? 
  say sd gets somewhere around 25 % -30 % of the vote and nothing changes ? 
  not really . 
  minority governments are pretty standard . 
  the biggest party being in opposition is also nothing new . 
  it 's always been about which party is able to secure support from a majority of parliament . 
  it may result in other parties losing support in future elections , but no one is even close to violating the constitution . 
  this is all how parliament is supposed to work . 
   these refugees are illegal immigrants . 
  and the countries they pass through are breaking the law by letting them do so , but no one seems to care much . 
   this implies the refugees will be a productive workface . 
  the argument makes little sense even if you assume that they 're all 100 % effective from day one , because they 'll still get just as old as the natives . 
  all you 're doing is passing the problem along for the next generation to solve , and eventually there 's going to be a generation where continued exponential population growth just is n't possible . 
   you can eat snakes or algaes ... that sounds too weird to be food , but just exotic enough to be cuisine . 
   i guess the price they want is less immigration ... at this point they 'd settle for anything . 
  a paper clip would be sufficient , even if they have to give it back at the end of the negotiations . 
  the main thing they 're after is political legitimacy , and they need other parties to cooperate with them to get it . 
  if so , they 'd gain a lot of votes in the next election . 
  the other parties know this , which is why they 're refusing to negotiate about anything . 
  the problem is that doing so for too long makes them look overly stubborn and childish , so sd gain voters from that too . 
  it 's win-win for sd . 
  that said , it might happen anyway . 
  a lot of the old alliance leadership has resigned , and the ones that have n't may end up being kicked out by their parties . 
  their replacements would then be free to do whatever they wanted . 
   before sd changed the dynamics ... 
  blocks were n't really a thing before the 2006 election , and the current two blocks did n't form until the 2010 election . 
  in 2002 there was no alliance and g\u00f6ran persson did n't really have the support of anyone before the election . 
  he was counting on being able to negotiate something later and improvise some kind of coalition that would make him prime minister ( and he did ) , which had been the standard way of doing things since more or less always .
