  when the majority ( or a significant number , anyway ) decides to stay in bed , this is what you get . 
  pretty much every decision ever voted on that turned out shit had some number of people who voted against it but got screwed over anyway . 
  it 's sort of balanced by all the time you 're wrong but others implement something wiser despite your protests , and you end up benefiting from it . 
  of course , those times you may not ever learn how disastrous your choice would have been . 
  in sweden they 're counted separately . 
  they 're technically invalid votes with the same legal status as if you took a piece of paper and wrote `` eat more carrots '' on it , but they 're counted separately and have their own statistics . 
   if you want to make a statement it is therefore better to simply abstain . 
  if you abstain , the only message you 're sending is that politicians who want to get elected should not waste time on you , because you wo n't vote for anyone anyway . 
  voting blank or for some insignificant party sends the message that you care and that your vote can be won , but that they 've failed to convince you . 
   but solutions will present themselves for ni and even maybe for scotland . 
  life will go on . 
  true . 
  they might inadvertently have voted to dissolve the united kingdom , with northern ireland suddenly having a strong incentive to reunite with ireland , and the scots getting a new list of reasons to vote for independence . 
  maybe at some point in the future , england will even vote to leave wales behind and rejoin the eu . 
   it 's a good question - why is he there ? 
  because britain has n't actually left yet , and since that 's not up to him to initiate , it might be quite some time before that happens . 
  if it takes a year or more before britain is actually out , it certainly makes sense to be there to stand up for brits in the meantime . 
  the swedish votes are also manually counted pieces of paper , and the ballots ca n't be tracked back once cast . 
  but there has to be a ledger or something of who voted to prevent people from voting ten times , so you 'll have a record of who did or did n't vote . 
  or is your right to vote tied entirely to your possession of a piece of paper you got in the mail ? 
  no idea , but it 's probably more complicated than that considering that so far no one has figured out a way to actually mobilize that demographic . 
  it 's a lot of votes if you can do it , but it never works . 
  that does n't sound like anything a young person would ever say . 
  ^ ( source : was once a young person , knew young people . ), 
  it 's not privacy sensitive if anonymized . 
  [ here 's the data for the swedish 2014 elections ] ( http://www.val.se/val/val2014/alkon/r/rike/alderkon.html ) , for example ( that 's not the participation numbers , but close enough ) . 
  there 's no way to retrieve any sensitive information from that . 
   i had to pick one of each in order to conceal my choice better . 
  that 's the intended way of doing it , and it 's the reason you have a screen . 
  take one of each ballot , go behind the screen , put one in the envelope , then put the rest in your pocket . 
  the ballots used to be behind the screens , but there were too many problems with people messing with them , so they were moved to where election officials can keep an eye on them . 
  people still try to mess with them , but at least now it 's easier to notice and fix . 
   maybe they did not vote because they feel the system is biased from the start or that the candidates are too alike . 
  so start a party or at least go and leave a blank vote . 
  if you do n't like the system , at least make a token effort to fix it . 
  do n't just sit around at home sulking about how no one wants to do all the work for you , especially when all statistics show that you even if someone * did * do all the work you still would n't actually show up to vote . 
  no one is ever going to care about a demographic that does n't vote , because candidates that do do n't get elected . 
  start voting first , then you might get something worth voting for . 
   ... just because someone is older it does n't mean they know more than everyone younger ... 
  it sort of does . 
  it just does n't mean they know * relevant * things or have * relevant * experiences . 
  but they most definitely know more stuff . 
  they could tell you all about a variety of subjects you have no interest in and which have no relevance to the referendum . 
  not really . 
  it 's the same almost everywhere . 
  has been for as far back as there are statistics . 
  young people do n't vote , regardless of education or incentives or opinion or the importance of a given election . 
  turnout is virtually always much worse than for older voters . 
  every country , every election , every referendum , decade after decade . 
  some expeditions were lead by kings , but most of it was independent . 
  most of it was also did n't involve any raiding , but mostly just trade and mercenary work ( notably for the byzantine ) . 
  raiding was n't really profitable unless you could raid something particularly valuable , or take slaves and sell them to someone else nearby . 
  `` viking '' is a verb and a ( part-time ) profession , yes . 
  you go viking . 
  while doing that , you 're a viking . 
  then you come back home and go back to being a farmer . 
  it 's not an ethnicity . 
  most northerners never did it . 
  indeed . 
  what would the english do if they had to call pig meat * pig * ? 
  that 's what people said about the pope , but he did n't care . 
  he could just dissolve the parliament , then cement his rule by saying that the does n't give a shit about the referendum and invading wales . 
  if people do n't care enough to vote , maybe it 's better if they do n't . 
  it would be nice if they cared , but if they do n't then i do n't see any point in forcing them . 
   maybe young people vote less because they feel disenfranchised ? 
  vicious cycle . 
  no one bothers to appeal to young voters , because they do n't actually vote . 
  and then they do n't vote because no politicians appeal to them . 
  but the only way that 's going to change is if young people do something about it , because various parties * have * tried to attract more young voters at various times , and it just does n't work . 
  you can get them very enthusiastic about things , and involved in campaigning and stuff , but on election day they do n't actually show up . 
  people always say that * this time * young voters will actually show up to vote . 
  they never do . 
  pretty much every election and referendum anywhere gets decided by people age 40 and up , because they 're the only ones that bother to actually vote . 
  people in their 80s who can barely walk still show up to vote , while 18 year olds prefer to stay at home all day and complain about the inevitable outcome on facebook . 
  and there * is * precedent for western governments ignoring referendum results ( like sweden in 1955 , where 83 % of voters said no but the government said yes anyway ) . 
  it does n't even have to be very controversial , as long as popular opinion changes later . 
  people always made ridiculous statements about the eu , on all sides . 
  expect the nordic countries to be next . 
  we 'd have virtually no say in a federation , and everything would be decided by or subject to veto from voters down south living in a completely different place with a different climate , economy , and population density . 
  spoilers : it wo n't . 
  there 's a protocol for it . 
  he basically says `` we want to leave now '' and eu bureaucrats get to work making that happen . 
  that has n't happened yet . 
  depends on which expenses you cut . 
  it also does n't matter if you do n't have any money to spend regardless . 
  so your solution is basically inflation , hoping the economy gets better before the inflation destroys it ? 
  we know that * polls show that * . 
  we will never actually know . 
  that distinction is useful . 
  it would n't be the first time a government did it . 
  it has worked out well in the past . 
  the idea does have its merits . 
  the problem is that spending was higher than income , and reducing spending is easier than increasing income . 
  if there were any reliable ways to increase income , they would be implemented too . 
  perhaps , but you ca n't fix it with money you do n't have . 
  you ca n't just borrow some money and invest that into the country , because you already did ( or said you 'd do ) that year after year and it did n't work . 
  even if you come up with a way of doing it that * would * work , convincing the voters is the least of your problems . 
  you 'd have to convince people who actually have money to part with it . 
  it would n't make much sense to call it a crime if it was merely incompetence . 
   the holomodor iirc was due to stupidity and soviet mishandling .
