  no children , no commute , and senior discounts on a lot of things . 
   relative poverty is absolutely a valid concept . 
  it 's a valid concept , but it 's ** very ** different from `` poverty '' . 
  while not being able to buy the latest iphone on the day it 's released is an inconvenience , being stuck with an older phone does n't make you * poor * for any reasonable interpretation of the word . 
  so would sweden , except that it would be followed by people arguing that this should n't be about how foreigners blow things up , but about how * men * blow things up . 
  norway is a bit remote smuggling-wise , though . 
  it 's easy to get pretty much anything in southern sweden . 
  not sure if the recent border checks have affected the market , but i doubt it . 
  i guess growing up with nothing but terrorism and economic recession and crisis this and crisis that in the news will do that to you . 
  that probably depends on what city you 're in . 
  there are a bunch around here . 
   where 's your webcam pointing out your window recording the fights ? 
  it 's fun the first few times , then you just want them to quiet down . 
  it 's more tempting to throw molotov cocktails at them than to record anything . 
  i guess you could throw some and film * that * , but it seem hard to do that without incriminating yourself . 
   also , without seeing previous fights , how do i know what odds are on particular fighters when i place my bets on your betting site ? 
  90 % of the time , no one wins . 
  they just go back and forth briefly and then one or both of them gets dragged or pushed away . 
  then they scream at each other for ten minutes . 
  bond may brag about his license to kill , but charles has an actual license to start a nuclear war . 
   i think forced military service is a very bad idea . 
  it has worked in sweden in the past and works in other countries . 
  trying to use it for anything other than actual national defense would * not * be popular , though . 
   that is illegal in finland at least . 
  same thing in sweden back when conscription was still a thing . 
  it was very strictly regulated , and you could basically refuse anything that did n't have some kind of military relevance . 
  you had to clean the building you lived in and the places where you had exercises , but could n't be ordered to clean anywhere else . 
  you could be ordered to cook , but only for military personnel . 
  and so on . 
   both civilian and military roles are considered it seems unlikely to happen . 
  it used to be a thing 50 + years ago , but most of the civilian service was banned after the conscripts essentially unionized . 
  if someone tries to implement the old system again , the same thing will happen . 
   `` gender-equal version of conscription '' ( what is this ? ), 
  conscription implemented the same for men and women . 
  polls show that there 's more support for conscription ( if implemented ) to be equal than there is for conscription in general . 
  so if it does get brought back , it 'll definitely be for both men and women ( i believe israel has done this for a long time ) . 
   is this how military works in sweden ? 
  is n't and never has been . 
  there is no conscription right now and has n't been for a decade . 
  when there was , it was highly regulated what conscripts could and could n't do , and helping the migration agency with anything other than border controls or security would have been a violation of those regulations . 
   whats to prevent them from pressing hard with follow up questions ? 
  i dont get it . 
  reputation . 
  if they earn a reputation of going back on what they 've agreed on before interviews , few people will agree to an interview with them . 
  even if they do n't expect to ever interview putin again , they probably still hope to interview other prominent politicians . 
  applying pressure lets them make this one interview more interesting , but reduces their chances of getting interesting interviews in the future . 
  maybe it 's the brazilians , seeking vengeance for 7-1 ? 
   drugs are harder to come by ? 
  i think drugs are easier to come by now , which might be one less reason to go to clubs . 
  back in my day you had to know someone or go to a club . 
  now you just have to know where to go , any time . 
  hall & oates - out of touch was released in 1984 , so a bit after the era he was talking about . 
  same in sweden , generally . 
  most pubs close between 01 and 03 . 
  most clubs are open to 04-05 . 
   yeah , i dont like to dance but i like to sit and drink . 
  i like both , but not being able to sit and drink is a deal breaker . 
  i 'd rather give up dancing than give up being able to have a conversation without needing to sit 10 cm away and still have to shout . 
  it makes sense if you consider that you probably have more money to spend than her . 
  clubbing is expensive . 
  also , at least around here most places are 20 + or 22 + or 25 + or whatever . 
  while 18 years is old enough to drink , it 's not old enough to be allowed at any place you actually want to drink at , because 18 year olds are lousy customers that no one wants . 
  well , the joke is on them . 
  living right across the street from a night club , i get all the crowds and loud noise and bad music for free !, 
  i also get to see all the fights outside that the people inside are missing out on . 
  and considering the ratio of idiotic suggestions to good suggestions , most of the time that 's a good thing . 
  most ideas should stay ideas . 
   i did n't really want to go too far down the gun debate rabbit hole on this , but i find the notion that `` guns are not for self defense here '' to be completely inane . 
  it 's a mechanical object , you could pick it up and use it for whatever you wanted to . 
  more accurately , `` self defense '' is not sufficient reason for you to get a license . 
  if you 're a licensed hunter or an experienced sport shooter you may own a gun , but other reasons are n't considered valid . 
   hopefully when the time comes the police will join the public well , that depends on just who is doing the rioting . 
   the people who actually have to deal with refugees ( coast guard , red cross volunteers etc etc ) tend to be extremely sympathetic , since they get a glimpse of what these people have been through . 
  i think they get very different samples . 
  the coast guard sees everyone . 
  the red cross sees the ones that need aid , which presumably involves a disproportionate number of children and elderly . 
  the police see the ones who have misbehaved to the point where someone called the police . 
  so it would make sense if red cross volunteers were more sympathetic to immigrants than the average person , while police were less sympathetic . 
  which would do absolutely nothing , since i doubt they have the resources to track down all these people even with the cctv footage . 
   i 'm not the one talking about `` foreigners '' when really we should be talking about something a lot more specific than that . 
  but * he * is talking about that . 
  just because you 'd rather be talking about someone else does n't mean you get to translate his words to that context . 
  all he said was that it 's complete nonsense to say that foreigners * in general * can not be integrated into german society , and that 's true . 
  we get that you want a discussion that 's only about foreigners from the middle east , but that does n't mean you can hijack every immigration-related quote . 
   making general conclusions based on the actions of a few thousand of them is nonsense . 
  and even if you think all immigrants from the middle east are a lost cause , it 's hard to deny that foreigners from a lot of other places have integrated just fine . 
  so it 's still ridiculous to claim that * all * integration is impossible , even if * some * integration may not be . 
  that 's ignoring all the people from the middle east who have integrated just fine , but that 's another matter . 
   they saw hundreds of inmigrants banding together and didnt react if that many people are banding together without any visible weapons or any large bags that could be used to conceal weapons , it 's pretty safe to assume that they 're not terrorists . 
  whoever was in charge probably figured that they could n't send all the police there , in case there really was a terrorist attack planned elsewhere . 
  imagine the headlines if terrorists killed a bunch of people and no police were around because they were all sent away to deal with a group of suspicious looking immigrants . 
  i do n't think tahrir square is a good comparison , as that made international news largely because it was remarkably peaceful . 
  there were occasional incidents , but with millions of people stuck in one place for an extended time that 's bound to happen . 
  the revolution is mainly known for * not * being violent . 
   in addition , the night of nye is generally a very busy night for emergency service ... 
  combined with the fact that it 's also a holiday , so anyone who is n't absolutely necessary is off duty and probably too drunk to be called in on short notice . 
  i do n't think you 're giving the 19th century enough credit . 
  but yes , before 1800 the `` enlightenment '' was mostly restricted to wealthy academics . 
  their work was important , but most people did n't know about it . 
   i do n't know when and i do n't know who made the word assimilation a no-no word i blame the borg .
