   yep we got it , but why would space x share great us technology with europoors . 
  why would space x share their technology with nasa ? 
  because they 'd be paid to do so . 
  that 's the whole idea . 
  spacex does . 
  maybe . 
  it remains to be seen if they work as intended and whether they 'll ever be commercially viable , but they 're getting there . 
  turkey and britain compete for the prestigious spot as the # 1 tea consumers in the world , so i guess they have some common ground . 
  it 's hard to argue that someone is failing to integrate while they 're offering you a cuppa . 
  it 's pretty much the opposite of a solution . 
  it 'll postpone the date when it becomes completely unsustainable , but when you do reach that date you 'll have an even bigger number of seniors to care for . 
  you might be able to push the problem on to the next generation , but they 'll be even more screwed as a result . 
  popes also apparently do n't die anymore , and simply multiply . 
  by 2060 , there will be hundreds of them . 
  curfew on new year 's eve ? 
  really ? 
  in sweden , the tradition is to get rid of the christmas tree and decorations on 13/1 , known as * tjugondedag knut * or * tjugondag knut * . 
  there 's even a stupid rhyme about it : * tjugondedag knut \u00e5ker julen ut * . 
  it 's supposedly called `` saint canute 's day '' in english , but i doubt anyone has heard about that . 
  a week early according to tradition . 
  it 's supposed to be thrown out the 13th . 
  but realistically , you may end up having to get rid of it sooner , especially if you got your tree very early . 
  it 's not knut for another week , though . 
  it 's next wednesday . 
  you 're not allowed to ask that question . 
  when people mention no-go areas you 're supposed to just accept that as fact . 
  even if you 've lived in that city for 25 years and do n't know about any . 
  swedish press has been writing something about this more or less every day since then too . 
  the only way to miss it is if you just do n't care . 
  what countries have such a narrative and have failed to actually write about it , though ? 
  there 's been a new story about it every day in swedish newspapers at least . 
  living in a nightclub district with a ton of kebab places , i can confirm . 
  they do 50 % of their business after midnight on fridays and saturdays . 
  i 'd say `` nondescript '' and `` bland '' are the best translations . 
  formally abolished , but the number of conscripts had been dropping steadily for years at that point . 
  in 2000 , you did n't really have to do it if you did n't want to . 
   permanent residence is as it sounds , permanent . 
  not always . 
  sometimes it 's just a confusing legal concept that 's technically separate from temporary residence , but which may still be temporary in nature . 
  that government basically collapsed in october when the `` december agreement '' was broken . 
  before that everyone was pretending to get along . 
  now each party is free to say and do whatever they want , including the currently governing coalition . 
   denmark ( actually the state-owned railway company ) which operates the train service over the \u00d6resund bridge ... 
  i believe it 's a joint operation , half of which is owned by the danish government and the other half by the swedish regional government . 
  yes , because once they ca n't leave , knowingly ignoring them when they enter and pass through the country works less well . 
  i suppose that depends on how good the fakes are . 
  the actual asylum process is comically long and slow , so i assume they 'd think to actually look at the passports at some point during it . 
  apparently the main strategy is to outsource it to the danes , who will happily say incomprehensible things to anyone they meet . 
   ... as reinfeldt famously noted . 
  and subsequently got kicked out because of in the next election , after which he had to step down as party leader . 
  those statements did n't exactly make him popular , so the things he said should n't be seen as indicative of what swedes in general believe . 
   why then should those countries inbetween stop those people who feel invited . 
  because they signed treaties saying that they would , and because the german statement implicitly included the condition that it be done legally . 
  sweden had conscription up until ten years ago or so , and none of them were ever sent off anywhere . 
  all swedish involvement in international peacekeeping missions or interventions have been voluntary , with applications open only to people who have already completed their conscripted training ( and so are civilians again ) . 
   my problem was , however , that i 'm near-sighted . 
  which is a bit silly , because a decade before that would have simply gotten you put into a ( formally ) non-combat position . 
  and the whole non-combat thing was a bit fuzzy , so you might end up with a combat posting anyway . 
  so basically the people who have done their military service and actually know what it 's like are in favor of it , while people who have n't done it and have only heard stories feel that it 's unfair that they have to do the exact same thing that everyone before them did ? 
   it was also almost impossible to stop a started mobilisation ... not to mention the fact that in the case of an invasion there was ( is ? ), 
  a standing order saying that any order instructing you to stop fighting is to be ignored . 
  if the country is occupied , no one can order the army to be demobilized . 
   in 2005 , though , only a handful ( < 10 ) were fined for `` totalv\u00e4gran '' , which i think was a refusal to go to the conscription office at the set date . 
  it was a bit like that at the end , yes . 
  showing up and saying you * really * did n't want to do it usually meant you got a pass . 
  not showing up at all got you into serious trouble . 
  lies . 
  we also have ikea . 
   ... men on average are more physically fit for military service . 
  that does n't really matter for a lot of positions , though . 
  physical strength is largely irrelevant for things like radio and radar operators , medical personnel , or truck drivers . 
  also consider that while women on average might be physically weaker , there are still thousands of women who are very fit . 
  we had four women in my platoon , and they all did the exact same things with the same equipment , and performed just as well as anyone else . 
  considering the winter has been unusually mild so far , the weather is n't really cooperating . 
  sure , but what can you really do about it ? 
  you ca n't deport them if they have no id , because you ca n't verify that you 're sending them back . 
  they 're kind of an inevitable response to countries knowingly allowing illegal immigrants to pass through their countries , in violation of every treaty . 
  much of europe has chosen to just pass the problem along to someone else rather than deal with it , so it 's hard to feel sorry for them if that ends up backfiring . 
   we have open borders ... 
  within the eu for eu citizens . 
  it 's not supposed to be possible for anyone to go anywhere they want , but that 's clearly the case . 
   much better than `` feel free to pass through , we do n't care '' especially from a swedish point of view . 
  `` tyskland '' in scandinavian languages is pronounced pretty close to `` deutschland '' in german . 
  hardly identical , but it 's originally the same word . 
   i would rank the uk and france above turkey . 
  turkey might have more personnel , but that doesnt make them stronger than the uk and france . 
  hence `` if we go by personnel '' . 
  there are many ways to rank . 
  manpower ( actual or potential , as with conscription ) , funding , estimated strength , etc. 
  the gregorian calendar is european ? 
  soie , clearly . 
  there 's even a star over the i. 
   ... and a shitton of people in it . 
  that does n't really serve any purpose , though . 
  there 's not a whole lot you can do in an artificial gravity station around the moon that you ca n't do back home or on the iss . 
  it 's basically just a novelty tourist resort with little scientific value . 
  they do a lot of things in parallel , though . 
  some of those projects take 10 + years to arrive once they 're launched . 
  it 's not like everyone just sits around waiting during that time . 
  they were tiny , though .
