  even if it 's very likely that they did it , they 're still innocent until proven guilty ; same as everyone else . 
  battery life is still pretty shit . 
  people have been saying that it 's going to get a lot better any day now , but they 've been saying that for decades and the advances are still rather underwhelming . 
  `` stop shooting each other or we 'll shoot you '' ? 
   are you joking or what ? 
  yes . 
  but my point is that a lot of the time , both sides are doing superficially similar things . 
  since we assume that we 're right and they 're corrupt , we do it for good reasons while they do it for bad reasons . 
  and that 's probably true , but it 's not irrational of them to suspect that it might be the other way around . 
   i swear to god i 've heard the number 28 so many times it became burned into my brain . 
  which works great until the number changes and the number 28 is still burned into your brain forever . 
  either way , there 's nothing you can do with that knowledge except get points in trivia games and pub quizes . 
  from a western perspective of where the border is , sure . 
  it varies . 
  in some newspapers , the comments are more balanced and factual than the articles . 
  which might not say much . 
  considering the questions they asked , that seems perfectly reasonable . 
  knowing the number of member states is useless , and changes every couple of years anyway . 
  knowing if switzerland is a member is meaningless unless you plan to do business there . 
  knowing how the parliament is elected does n't really matter , as long as you know that you get to vote for some of them to represent you . 
  this kind of knowledge just * does n't matter * . 
  your life is completely unaffected by whether you know it or not , including things like passport and visa-free travel , because you need the passport anyway to board a plane and you did n't need any visa before the eu either . 
  that does n't help if your country was n't in the eu when you were in 5th grade . 
  the eu is still new enough that anyone over 30 remembers when it did n't exist . 
  the union has only been around for 24 years , which is n't particularly long . 
  most people simply never learned anything about the eu in school , no matter how mandatory it is today . 
  not the member states question , as that tends to change every few years . 
  it 's rather useless knowledge . 
  i also did n't learn a damn thing about the eu in third grade , as sweden had n't joined yet and it was n't seen as particularly interesting . 
  keep in mind that people above 35 are likely to not have learned ** anything ** about the eu in school , because it simply was n't taught . 
  i 'm not sure if a disagreeable referendum result is quite as notable as a battle where a million people died . 
  to be fair , any time russia has any major exercise or stations anywhere near a border , that 's seen by the west as aggression or provocations even if russia insists that it 's merely defensive . 
  so the fact that the west says that something is just defensive does n't mean it 's unreasonable for russia to read more into it . 
  they were aggressors before the sanctions . 
  hence the sanctions . 
  it probably wo n't make russia * stop * , but if disagreeable political actions come with a heavy financial cost tacked on , they 'll be much more reluctant to do so in the future . 
  the harsher the sanctions imposed , the less are the chances that we 'll see another crimea any time soon . 
  they 're far away , though . 
  it 's harder to ignore when the descendants of the survivors are still living in the country . 
   if you say `` 1 +1 = 3 '' and try to get others to believe so , it should n't be free speech . 
  that works as long as you and legislators agree . 
  it turns into a literal orwellian nightmare if you do n't . 
  the book even uses 2 +2 = 5 as an example . 
  if the government says that 2 +2 = 5 , saying otherwise is a crime , and whether or not you can prove it is irrelevant because attempting to prove that point is itself illegal . 
  that was impossible to know at the time , though . 
  the real question is n't whether it was a sensible move if you know everything we do today , but whether it was a sensible move at the time . 
  and knowing what they do know , it might well have seemed like the lesser evil even if you consider the fate of the poles . 
  they obviously failed to prevent an all-out war with germany and japan , but looking back we know that was pretty much inevitable . 
   there are examples of your prime minister and foreign minister saying sexist , racist and anti-semitic things . 
  yeah , but that goes for most countries . 
  every government has a couple of loons . 
  my point is that the really insane things that get any international media coverage are mostly non-stories about nobodies . 
  sweden both imports and exports lots of meat . 
  i do n't know the numbers , but i believe it more or less evens out . 
  some of it is mildly absurd , like importing certain beef cuts while exporting other beef cuts , as different bits have varying popularity in different countries . 
  i 'll trade you the front half of a cow for the back half of a cow !, 
  it is in sweden , where the story is from . 
  it is being cleaned , but very slowly . 
  a lot of it is so poisoned that it would be uninhabitable even if you cleaned it , unless you bulldozed the top 100 meters of soil and hauled it off to ... somewhere . 
  mainly arsenic , which does n't really decay or go away . 
  yeah , but the kebabpizza pictured is standard . 
  you can order that in pretty much every pizzeria in sweden , and people do . 
  it 's likely the most popular pizza here , for some inexplicable reason . 
  the only problems sweden has with water is having too damn much of it in the spring ( and on midsummer ) . 
  you do realize that we grow vegetables in sweden too , right ? 
  maybe not so much in the east and the north , but the south and the west is pretty much just farmland . 
  no one is saying you ca n't eat meat . 
  all they 're saying is that the free food you get in school occasionally wo n't contain any . 
  you can still bring a bag of bacon for lunch if you want . 
  yeah , but do n't eat the fake meat . 
  look at countries with stronger vegetarian traditions and make bean dishes and falafels and stuff . 
  it 's often the other way around . 
  the synthetic fertilizers contain the same stuff as the manure , minus all the carbon . 
  and the excess carbon will screw over waterways and kill all the fish by depleting all the oxygen . 
  if there 's excessive nitrogen in the water , the problem is using * too much * fertilizer , not using the wrong kind . 
  only because people believe all the `` omg ! '', 
  stories about how a swedish politician said something crazy . 
  never mentioning that the politician in question was a local politician in some municipality in the middle of nowhere whose ideas do n't have the support of anyone . 
  often pointing out that they 're a member of the second biggest party or whatever , but not mentioning that no one else in the party agrees with them . 
  but people do n't , so cutting down on it is a good idea . 
  tax haven outside of the eu , though , meaning having to out-bank the swiss at their own game . 
  without their decades long head start in treaty negotiations . 
  you expect people to still have hope ? 
  do n't expect much . 
  the tower of the cathedral is sort of neat , but that 's about it . 
  it 's been completely overrun by giants ever since don quixote died . 
  a disgrace , really . 
  no , just statistical averages . 
  the average person is of average intelligence and has an average education , and the number of times they 're more right than the majority and the number of times they 're more wrong than the majority should even out . 
  of course , everyone reading will say `` but i 'm not of average intelligence !, 
  '' , and that 's true . 
  half of you are below , though just like everyone in the world ever you 're fully convinced that you 're much smarter than almost everyone else . 
  no one is going to hold a grudge for that long . 
  i 'm sure the scots would stop caring about the english once they 'd left the union . 
  i think it might end up being better this way in the long run . 
  the eu will work much better without countries constantly threatening to leave and working against it from the inside . 
  they can always rejoin in 10-20 years or whatever . 
   except for , you know , the ones who did turn up , voted remain and got fucked regardless . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  the majority rules .
