  did you predict it ? 
  or do you just think of it as that one time you were wrong ? 
  because all it takes is one time . 
  it might be wise to see what they get up to under the new owners first . 
  i picture well-dressed men with wheelbarrows hauling money . 
  people tend to say that about such things until they happen . 
  no one even cares about crimea anymore , because russia immediately provided another nearby conflict to distract from it . 
  as long as they can avoid being caught up in extended fighting , they can do whatever they want . 
  with no permanent presence on gotland , anyone could land troops and fortify the island in a couple of hours , and then any response would have to be a full invasion against an entrenched enemy . 
   the historical ship `` fregatten jylland '' ( a museum ship ) must be made battle-ready again . 
  the ship [ looks like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/fregatten_jylland_total.jpg ) , so getting it ready for modern naval warfare might prove challenging . 
  everyone is disappointed in you , shame on your family , etc. 
  and since you elect people and not parties , the party ca n't do anything about it . 
  that 's * her * council seat , not theirs . 
  short of a coup , it 's simply lost to them until the next election . 
   they are n't contributing anything . 
  how can they be both sending people to work in other countries * and * not contribute anything ? 
  if they 're working , at least they 're contributing that ? 
  and if hungarians work elsewhere , does n't it make sense that some of the tax money they pay goes to paying for schools and hospitals for the next generation of hungarians ? 
  only if you do it enough times . 
  the rewards get better each time . 
  judging by the punk house , the secret is to confiscate people 's satellite dishes . 
  they 'll become so bored that they start to repaint the house . 
  you mean they had their users translate the pages for them ? 
  using a system that results in frequently rather awkward translations . 
  it 's usually very clear if someone paid for a proper swedish translation or just a string-by-string translation with no context . 
  with the latter , you sometimes end up with buttons that do the opposite of what they say . 
   do you want to tracked by us or russia ? 
  can i pick neither ? 
  get a swiss service or something . 
   one language support will do for them while we need a buck load . 
  well , we do n't . 
  we just keep telling ourselves that we do . 
  if facebook can operate in europe without any useful support ( or even decent translations ) for all the various country , a competitor operating from a european country does n't either . 
  reminds me of how much english profanity filters can butcher swedish over the word * slut * , meaning to end , run out , be over , etc. 
  you never realize how often that word comes up until it gets turned into % & 1/2 ? . 
  plenty of people would argue the exact opposite . 
  if you ban hate speech , whoever gets to define `` hate '' has the power to censor anyone anywhere . 
  i 'm not saying that it * has * been abused , but the fact that the legal mechanism is in place means that if the wrong people get into power than they already have all the tools they need to silence opposition . 
   america has better free speech . 
  just do n't touch any whistles , or basic human rights no longer apply to you . 
  it 's pretty standard on all sides . 
  everyone who has political views you disagree with must clearly also live up to every bad stereotype you have about politicians . 
  anyone on the left is clearly a stalinist tumblrina . 
  anyone on the right is clearly a neonazi kebabremover . 
  it 's impossible for people you disagree with to ever be more nuanced than that . 
  and so far , german efforts to change this have been unsuccessful . 
  i did the same , and was left with only one person actually posting anything . 
  it turned out that ( almost ) none of the people i actually like post things on facebook aside from a handful of pictures each year to remind people that they 're alive . 
  it 's useless for being social , but if you think of it as an awkward way of distributing news where everything is a tl ; dr , it 's not that bad . 
  and considering that most news articles only have one sentence worth of actual new information anyway , it can work surprisingly well . 
  and happy coffee introduction day . 
  supposedly coffee became popular in europe after the winning side captured tons of beans that the ottomans had to leave behind when retreating after the battle of vienna . 
  coffee houses existed in europe before that , but it was never very popular . 
  but with free beans ... might as well drink !, 
  it 's also the largest charity organization in the world , by any measure . 
  overall , it does more good than bad , though it does work hard to make it a contest . 
  that 's a good clarification , though . 
  he ca n't realistically tell everyone that homosexuality is okay now . 
  people would just ignore him or leave the catholic church , and in the end he would have helped absolutely no one . 
  if he wants to chance a conservative organization like the catholic church , it has to be done very slowly , one small clarification at a time . 
  given a decade or two , that might be narrowed down to that homosexual acts * outside of wedlock * are sinful . 
  there 's a difference between what church law says he can decide and what he actually has power over in practice . 
  if a majority of the church is against him , all he can really do is try to gradually convince them . 
  if he simply proclaims that they 're wrong , the church disintegrates into smaller factions or people ignore him . 
  getting rid of swastikas and pictures of hitler has nothing to do with getting rid of nazism itself , though . 
  a symbol is not an ideology . 
  all you 're doing is getting rid of * reminders * of that ideology . 
  in the end , both countries have small political movements that advocate going back to those ideologies , while the vast majority would never even consider it . 
  so looking at actual results , we ca n't really say that one method was better than the other . 
  you could easily call both cowardly for different reasons if you wanted to . 
  you can go back to wwii instead and look at the allies . 
  dozens of countries with lots of different languages , but in the end it sort of worked out . 
  it 's hardly `` doomed to fail '' . 
  administrative and historical regions also do n't have to coincide . 
  while sweden is officially divided into * l\u00e4n * , people generally refer to the old * landskap * provinces ( which the original * l\u00e4n * division was based on ) . 
  it worked quite well for the romans . 
  while the heavy infantry were all from rome , the rest of their armies were from all over the known world , and their armies were highly effective . 
  originally used as anonymity by misdirection , possibly . 
  pick a name that makes people jump to the wrong conclusion right away , and they 're unlikely to figure out who you actually are . 
  it says so in the caption . 
  it 's from palmyra in central syria . 
  it 's still pretty neat that the can is from the soviet union . 
  a tiny piece of history , sitting on a desk . 
  different ways of treating dark parts of your past . 
  you can symbolically distance yourself from it by removing all imagery , or you can keep the imagery as a way of acknowledge that it happened and that you 'll always have to live with the consequences of it . 
  or a million other ways of interpreting it ; the point being that there 's no one correct way of dealing with such things . 
  yeah , they tend to be boring to look at but nice to live in . 
  the seemingly nonsensical differences in height can simply be about maximizing sunlight . 
  if you want the best living conditions possible , all the buildings in a block * should n't * be the same height . 
  you can sometimes find a lot of traditional architecture outside of cities . 
  sweden is full of wooden houses built in the traditional style , paint job included . 
  from what i remember , roughly 90 % live in or south of stockholm . 
  but even for the people who actually live in norrland , some of that is still warmer than the average simply because it 's such a huge area . 
  and since people mostly live in the warmer regions , more or less everyone is warmer than average . 
  yeah , the swedish average is n't that interesting when something like 98 % of sweden 's population lives in areas that are warmer than the average . 
  russia suffers from the same thing times a hundred . 
  sure , large parts of the country are very cold , but not the parts where anyone lives . 
  while companies expect to get people with 5-10 years experience while paying them as if they were newly graduated . 
  the depression made expectations rather ... off .
