  minus constantinople , libya , and the western parts . 
  do n't mind us . 
  just reestablishing [ the swedish empire ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/swedish_empire_%281560-1815%29_en2.png/800px-swedish_empire_%281560-1815%29_en2.png ) and taking back norway . 
  i 'm more impressed by the fact that they somehow managed to hang on to egypt but lost all of libya . 
   ... and behave like 13year olds . 
  well , that would explain why the job is so dangerous . 
  they 're hardly oppressive , though . 
  while there might not be much reason to defend them , there 's also little reason to attack them . 
  it just makes the entire anti-racism movement look ridiculous , and in the long run does more harm than good as it erodes public support for the cause . 
  `` small homogenous population '' is pretty vague , hard to quantify , and does n't actually explain much . 
  sweden 's population distribution ( i.e. 
  spread out along 3000 km of coastline ) is pretty well documented . 
  i 'd be worried that it 's actually a garotte . 
  from what i remember , the egyptian military did an admirable job guarding the museums at the time , assigning troops to keep looters away while remaining otherwise neutral . 
  not having any identifying marks is pretty normal for special forces . 
  that 's closer , yeah . 
  of course , like all vowels in swedish it has more than one pronunciation depending on context . 
  i 'm going to have to agree on this one . 
  the x would indicate use of yeast , as it 's only meaningful with a dough that rises slowly , which would make it a bun . 
  while it might look a lot like a cookie , the artist clearly intended to draw a bun . 
  i do n't think anyone really watches the esc expecting quality music . 
  it 's a very nice flag . 
  much nicer than the striped flag they had before . 
  seems like a good decision to adopt the current one . 
  it stands out a bit . 
  if shouting at people is harassment , they 're going to have to come and arrest the entire street here every saturday night . 
  have fun dealing with all those appeals in court . 
  nothing would ever get done . 
  they do n't have to recite the law . 
  it 's not part of their job to tell you . 
  but if you ask nicely , they will . 
  if they 're still wearing those uniforms when the police arrive , they probably were n't very good strippers anyway . 
   is going around town and asking people to stop behavior verboten ? 
  if you do it as a group wearing some kind of uniform and calling yourself `` police '' ? 
  probably , but i guess it depends on how you approach people . 
  the implication of what happens if you do n't stop that behavior should be the deciding factor . 
  if this is the kind of thing the eu plans to spend it 's time doing , it 's probably for the better . 
   ... at least in norway the name for gypsies ( rom-folk ) and romanians ( rumenere ) is fairly close in pronunciation . 
  same in sweden . 
  * romer * and * rum\u00e4ner * . 
  of course , people only actually say * romer * when trying to be politically correct . 
  if you 're not a journalist or politician , they 're * zigenare * . 
   does the government have programs for people who have never been legal residents or employees in the country ? 
  yes . 
  the soup kitchens and shelters do n't check id and they 'll try to help you even if they ca n't understand you . 
  the police here investigated that a year or so back . 
  turns out that there 's no one at the top getting rich . 
  it 's organized , but everyone gets a more or less fair share . 
  they might not have known exactly what they signed up for , but they 're not victims . 
  varying definitions of what counts as `` sexual intercourse '' , usually . 
  the fact that it 's arguably pretty clear in english is irrelevant . 
  even if you could express the same concept in other languages , that does n't help if there 's no criminal statistics that use that exact definition . 
   if you get raped by your father , husband , co worker , boss , it 's just as shitty as if you get raped in an alleyway no one has at any point argued that . 
  it 's like you 're having your own separate conversation where you talk to yourself and occasionally yell at others that the things they 're saying do n't make sense in the context of your own personal discussion . 
  are you seriously telling me that you do n't see any reason why anyone would ever think it was meaningful to distinguish between the two ? 
  are you really so stuck in repeating the * rape = rape = rape * mantra that you ca n't see ** any ** nuance at all ? 
  1700 incidents . 
  not necessarily 1700 deaths . 
  being pushed against a fence and fracturing a rib or having one of them accidentally step on your foot and break a few bones would count . 
  it 's more a matter of incompatible definitions . 
  when you 're comparing `` rape '' to `` word that may or may not be roughly equivalent to the word rape '' , you 're bound to get some statistical anomalies . 
  legal systems are different and often very difficult to compare . 
  there is rape and different rape , though . 
  kind of like how there 's murder and different murder . 
  the fact that your crazy spouse might stab you while you 're asleep is quite separate from the risk that some stranger will slit your throat in an alley . 
  both are bad , but the types of precautions you can take and how those precautions affect your life are worlds apart , so the distinction matters . 
  it does n't count if you 're making satire of some imaginary version of a place you do n't actually know anything about . 
  caricatures of strawmen are rather pointless . 
  lots of people on both sides , and most people in neighboring countries . 
  keep in mind that majority ! = everyone . 
  even if a majority of israelis support someone who does n't want peace , that 's very far from meaning that * all * israelis do n't want it . 
  as far as i know , there have n't been any notable ones in sweden for at least thirty years . 
  it has n't really ever been a thing . 
  plenty of political satire , but not in that form . 
  regardless of who wins , the important part is that the kind of people who would actually open a flying spaghetti monster church lose . 
  it 's silly and does n't help anyone . 
  people are n't going to become less religious because of it . 
  the suburbs and villages with decent communications around major cities are already overpriced too . 
  the situation is n't new . 
  people already did what you 're suggesting twenty years ago . 
  now you wo n't find anything cheap unless you 're okay with a 2-3 hour commute each way . 
  coal could have been gone already if the nuclear plants had been allowed to stick around for a while longer . 
  then once all the coal plants were gone , the nuclear plants could have been phased out . 
  opportunity cost . 
  you ca n't phase out coal and nuclear at the same time , so you have to choose which is the greater evil and get rid of that first . 
  to me it seems utterly absurd to prioritize phasing out nuclear - knowing that you could have used those nuclear plants to phase out coal first instead - and still call yourself an environmentalist . 
  at that point you 're not * for * the environment . 
  you 're just * against * nuclear and are using the environment as justification , with neither science nor sense to support you . 
  it 's basically the anti-vaxxers of energy policy . 
  i think it 's best illustrated by comparing it to another coastal region that 's roughly as far north , like baffin island . 
  it 's just on the other side of the atlantic , but the climate is far harsher , to the point where the population density is 0.13 % of that of norway . 
  the north is really cold , but not as cold as other places that are equally far north . 
  they tend to be stupid in different ways , though . 
  the far right loves to hate people in theory , then occasionally act on that more or less randomly . 
  the far left loves to like people in theory , then use that as an excuse to attack the far right at every opportunity . 
  both stupid , both violent assholes , but in the end the far right tends to be marginally less hypocritical and contradictory about the whole thing . 
  ah , yes , the old * `` if i decide that i think you 're a nazi , anything i do is justified '' * defense . 
  the norway question is legit . 
  the answer is the gulf stream . 
  it 's not as cold as you 'd expect .
