  a lot of other people wo n't . 
  to some people , if you 're not in favor of 100 % unrestricted immigration for everyone ever , you 're a nazi . 
  makes it hard to have a discussion . 
  it 's generally more constructive to only apply the `` extremist '' label to people who actually do things . 
  they 're just going over to buy cheap danish beer . 
  moose are infamous for getting drunk from eating fermented apples in the late fall . 
  and that 's perfectly understandable and makes sense in the short term , but in the long term it 's not really sustainable . 
   i would n't stay taking in 2,1 % of your population worth of refugees is a trivial matter . 
  relatively trivial . 
  unless a whole country 's quota ends up in one neighborhood , they 'll simply have no choice but to integrate . 
  the serious problems seem to appear when you have whole areas that are dominated by immigrants . 
   jordan would be more palestinians . 
  which leaves them unable to accept any significant number of syrian refugees . 
  they have a pretty solid excuse . 
  it 's rinkeby , so i guess some people would argue that point . 
  she 'd be fine anywhere else in the city . 
   the kremlin has yet to announce why he was charged with terrorism , and has yet to provide proof that he was plotting terrorism this is a pretty good example of why anti-terrorism laws can be a very bad thing . 
  i think that 's pretty far from reality . 
  no one gave away greece 's money ; they 're in debt because they carelessly spent money they did n't have on all manner of things . 
  banks had nothing to do with it except for lending them money , but that 's what banks do . 
   why did n't we risk sinking when we rescued all those banks ? 
  because we rescued the banks on location . 
  we sent them some money to pay their debts , but that was the extent of the help offered . 
  kind of like with greece . 
  they were probably just upset about the last time they tried to invest in eastern poland and [ got kicked out ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_grunwald ) . 
  weaponized carp . 
   i 'm curious . 
  is every rock sticking out from the ocean considered a rock ? 
  no , but some are very small . 
  think a few dozen square meters of grass and rocks with a handful of trees . 
  not big enough to really build anything on , but definitely an island . 
  and there are too many of them for anyone to bother counting them manually . 
   they have been deemed unfit for human consumption since 2008 . 
  thus making any hunting of them odd and unjustified . 
  only if the faroese agree with that definition . 
  the fact that other people think something tastes terrible does n't mean no one should ever again be allowed to eat it . 
  otherwise we 'd have to immediately ban all surstr\u00f6mming , because that 's certainly not fit for human consumption according to anyone other than people who grew up eating it . 
   the ecological argument is what counts , and it 's simple - there are too many of us to allow hunting , because we will simply exterminate the wildlife . 
  but we are n't all hunting , nothing is being exterminated , and the whale populations are n't decreasing . 
  no harm is being done to the environment . 
  the fact that other people might be inspired by this to do something that harms the environment is irrelevant , especially with nothing to show that this is a plausible scenario . 
   ... but etymologically the word simply means `` to cause death '' . 
  etymologically , `` murder '' means to kill another human person in a way that is unlawful and/or secretive . 
  it originates from a proto-indo-european root meaning simply to cause death in general , but it became more specific than that thousands of years ago . 
  the word * murder * - as well as the older forms * murdre * , * mourdre * , * murthre * , * myr\u00fera * , and * mor\u00feor * - have never meant anything else . 
  not really a meaningful parallel as the jews had been there for two thousand years rather than just arriving , and no one is saying refugees should be killed , just sent back to where they came from . 
   oh , people who are running for their lives , ca n't return home and have lost everything ... 
  i think the people doing this would question those three points . 
  if they believe that it would be mostly economic refugees who lie their way to asylum , those people would n't be running for their lives , would be able to return home , and have n't necessarily lost everything ( though they might have sold it to afford the trip ) . 
  seen from that perspective , this is n't quite as crazy . 
  it 's still not very productive , but it 's not nearly as heartless . 
  and considering that many politicians refuse to even discuss the possibility that some refugees * might * be lying about where they 're from , it 's not strange that many people would feel that way . 
  i 'm skeptical of the andorra figure . 
  they 're 2-3 years higher than anyone else nearby and more than a year above anyone else in europe , while also being a very tiny country . 
  i question the validity of the data . 
  15k should be more than enough to get a good estimate , though . 
  assuming the sampling is actually random , i 'd be surprised if the value was off by even 0.1 years . 
  of course , if it 's not random who was part of the census then that would explain it . 
  it does n't matter how big your sample size is if it 's not randomly selected . 
  except in this case germany is one of the countries getting screwed over in the end , while there 's a long list of other countries that are entirely unaffected and would rather not have to pay to solve the problem . 
  still seems terribly expensive . 
  you should be able to get a used one in good condition for a fraction of that . 
  not in belgium , of course . 
  no , i 'm just saying that * you * do n't have much effect on the outcome either way . 
  you mean you look forward to a bunch of barely literate voters to do it for you ? 
   ohh she looks awesome . 
  but she does n't look regal at all . 
  well , she was n't actually born royalty . 
  she was married into the royal family , and only recently . 
  and even that royal family has n't been in power for more than a generation , so really she * should n't * look regal . 
  the show works better if she looks much less majestic than daenerys , who * does * descend from a long line of monarchs and aspires to wear the same crown ( more or less ) . 
  but that 's because you did n't grow up with paparazzi bothering you 24/7 , lunatics wanting to kill or kidnap you because of your parents ' titles , and not being able to know which of your friends actually like you and which ones only like that you 're famous . 
  you 'd have a whole different set of problems . 
   monarchs in europe are n't that recognisable though . 
  depends on the country . 
  i do n't think the swedish king could go anywhere at all in the country without being immediately recognized by everyone . 
  he 'd probably be recognized instantly in much of germany too . 
  rich people say they want to be like everyone else , but they do n't know what it 's like to live with no/very little money left over . 
  and everyone else wants to live like rich people , without any actual experience of that life . 
  the grass is always greener . 
   probably lead to them all getting into disrepair maybe . 
  no one would ever pay for any kind of maintenance , so they 'd be useless in a year . 
  there would be no incentive to ever fix a flat tire . 
  the role of the one bike thief just happens to be passed on to a new person every few seconds . 
   everybody takes the bike here since students ca n't afford cars ... and because lund is a maze full of one way streets and absurd detours . 
  even if you had a car , it would n't do you any good . 
  half the time you 'd reach your destination faster by walking . 
  riding a bike would be hopeless too if not for the fact that not a single person in lund knows or cares about traffic laws . 
   and all that iron and steel ... you realize that british iron production [ is basically nonexistent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_iron_ore_production#/media/file:world-iron-map2.png ) ? 
  and that luxury cars and nuclear reactor components are n't exactly huge markets ? 
  that 's often a terrible metric for saying which parts of a country are actually relevant , though . 
  for example , sweden extends very far north and going by land area a good chunk of it is north of the arctic circle . 
  but if you look at population , you 'll find that 90 % live in the southern 1/3 of the country and that less than 0.5 % of the population actually live north of the arctic circle . 
  most swedes actually live south of estonia . 
   ... with no enemy cas . 
  maybe they 're hoping to keep it that way and ensure that the separatists do n't suddenly and unexpectedly happen to find a dozen brand new russian aircraft sitting around in an old barn somewhere ( pilots included ) . 
   now after they rebuild that airport , separatists will be able to buy pak fa in airport free shops ( no taxes , lol ) . 
  nothing to see here . 
  tax free shops are found at any international airport . 
  these just happen to cater to very specific demographics .
