  or at least rocks . 
  is that where you shake your hips instead of swearing oaths ? 
  oh , i 'm sure they 'll manage to interpret `` public interest '' in ways that are very much against actual public interest . 
  it 's so bad , even hell wo n't have anything to do with it . 
  does n't count . 
  if western sweden insults middle sweden , that 's an internal matter . 
  after being / r/castles for a month , it was time for something new . 
   does nigeria even have ocean access ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nigeria ), 
  probably a composite image . 
  it can have that effect . 
  too much of the picture is in focus , making it look unreal . 
  got ta do something , or it 's just news . 
  definitely a park . 
  squares do n't have grass . 
  to be fair , it 's only on one of them . 
  so either way , someone has been messing with the chairs . 
  to help stimulate the greek economy . 
   seriously : have you seen this sub when we discuss immigration , and islam in particular ? 
  compared to something like / r/news , this sub is still zealously ultra-liberal . 
   i think they left ... 
  they said they would , then did n't . 
  then they tried to , but the courts said they could n't . 
  so we 're still waiting . 
  because so far , no one has figured out to get the whole integration thing to work in practice . 
  it 's great on paper , though . 
  same fort , same rooms . 
  cheaper that way . 
  that was unrelated to this law , though . 
   from what i can tell it 's a common stereotype for people living in national capitals in quite a few countries , and occasionally even regional capitals . 
  pretty much all of them except berlin and washington , from what i can tell . 
  or at least suffered mild inconvenience from the comfort of his home . 
  bah , only because you do n't have any mountains ruining your stats !, 
  much of this is also basically tree farms . 
  in much of sweden you * could * grow other crops , but it 's more profitable to plant fast-growing pines . 
  it requires minimal work and lumber is worth a lot of money . 
  they do n't have to do it alone . 
  just however many planes they can afford on a 2 % budget would be useful , even if that 's single digits . 
  i 'm going to assume that 's what the sign says . 
  right now , yes , but if you 're looking at stats for total number of immigrants living in the country , the biggest groups will be from other nordic countries . 
  if you looked at 2014 or earlier , you 'd probably see danes at the top of the list . 
  except the british ... 
  assuming that cost is the limiting factor when going to mars , rather than engineering challenges and things like travel time . 
  turns out that really was a sound strategy . 
  rather extreme plumbing ... 
  you mean allah said there should be sarcasm , and there was ? 
  no one is going to cite your summary , though . 
  he targeted a political party , so still not the general population . 
  or `` i really want to blow up this building '' . 
  that 's not terrible , but a bit weak compared to the swedish monopoly stores . 
  271 kinds of whisky in finland compared to 1369 in sweden . 
   everybody on the streets put themselves ther not having a place to live is kind of the default state . 
  you have to actively get a place to live to avoid it , or have your parents fix that for you . 
  if your parents do n't and you ca n't afford rent for whatever reason , you end up homeless . 
  it 's not something that requires any active effort . 
  and full of volcanoes . 
  so the same kind of messages that everyone ignores as on tobacco ? 
   these divisions are quickly and naturally fading . 
  bt they have n't faded yet . 
  the map is still relevant to understanding present day europe . 
   ... and the russians ca n't use aircraft because of politics . 
  indirectly because of sam . 
  they ca n't afford to have a plane shot down , because then all deniability goes down the drain . 
  not nearly enough vowels and not enough words ending with - i. 
   so that rich people can watch live concerts ? 
  everyone who wants can afford to go , just not the best seats . 
  we only got about two days worth of proper cold . 
  the snow did n't last very long . 
  they might have snow on and off . 
  southern sweden has had a decent amount of snow this winter , but the last of it melted away when it rained all day yesterday . 
  so the map is accurate today , but was n't accurate 24 hours ago . 
  ... is not available . 
  not much longer than the english word . 
  it even starts with `` dekriminali - '' . 
  it just looks weird if you do n't know the alphabet . 
  or at least for silly self-censorship . 
  i doubt they pay much taxes anywhere . 
  the ikea blue is much darker . 
  the swedish flag is quite light and a bit pale . 
  all the parts are there . 
  you just have to assemble them into a flag yourself . 
   just 400km ?!, 
  that is several countries !, 
  400 km gets you a quarter of the way through sweden . 
  it wo n't even get you from stockholm to gothenburg or malm\u00f6 . 
  could be original , with reflections in the snow messing with the camera . 
  i think your comparison works better if you replace india with wales . 
  keep in mind that if people feel unsafe and go out less , or only go out in bigger groups , crime rates go down but everyone is less happy and the streets are just as dangerous as before . 
  stats alone wo n't give you the whole picture . 
   actually true because a massive amount of them turned out to be false reports . 
  why would anyone file a false report about something like that ? 
  got any source for that claim ? 
   it was sexual harassment and theft , not rape , as you often claim . 
  the comment says * sexual assault * , not rape . 
  there 's a huge difference . 
  do n't immediately jump to conclusions about what people are saying . 
  violent feminism games !, 
  worse ... 
  farming simulator . 
  safe from terrorism , unsafe from other acts .
