  it does n't have to be more complicated than `` sell more newspapers '' . 
  sensationalized bullshit sells better than boring reality . 
   he can be 40 ... 
  but the laws are different for people under 18 , so he lied . 
  which is presumably not particularly legal . 
  at that point it does n't really matter where he 's from , because no one is going to have much sympathy for him . 
  maybe they just all need to be jailed , and then a new `` generation '' of politicians can take over and hopefully be a bit less corrupt . 
  beethoven was literally hitler ? 
  referring to climate migrants in particular , not migrants in general . 
  we 've got too many troubles already to worry about the former . 
  like the fact that climate change would affect us too . 
  keep in mind that we ** could ** stop all migrants from coming in if we really wanted to . 
  the public just does n't want to . 
   apparently sweden ranks # 2 in the world in rapes . 
  because there is no crime of `` rape '' in sweden , only `` v\u00e5ldt\u00e4kt '' which legally covers both rape and various forms of sexual assault in general . 
  there does n't exist any separate statistic for actual rape cases , or at least you ca n't get that data from court records , so any comparison is pointless . 
  they 're comparing apples to fruitbaskets . 
   t 's not going to be a tiny problem , it 's going to be a huge amplifier to the problem it 's not necessarily one that has to be dealt with now . 
  if things get bad enough up here there 'd be more support for simply closing all borders ( sea included ) by force . 
   sounds like an excuse to me . 
  sounds like a pretty good one to me . 
  if you have to move to a completely new place , most people would much rather pick a place where they have at least * some * family . 
  there 's also a huge difference between moving to where your child lives and moving to where your cousin lives . 
  same colors on the flags , so it was convenient . 
   actually , it costs exactly a few grands to be a refugee in europe . 
  that just means they had money , not that they have any left after the trip . 
  small city , not small settlement in general . 
  there are distinct differences between cities of 1m , 100k , and 10k beyond just the size . 
  some things require a critical mass of people to happen , which includes many job opportunities . 
  there 's probably something that happens around 10m too , but i 've only visited such cities and never lived in one . 
  it makes perfect sense from their point of view . 
  i think the question people are trying to ask if letting them do that makes sense from germany 's point of view . 
  it 's certainly convenient for people in hungary to encourage them along , but does the fact that someone * wants * to go somewhere mean that they should be * allowed * to go there ? 
   a slippery slope argumenr ? 
   but hey , as long as we 're not even remotely inconvenienced , huh ? 
  have you read * anything * i 've written ? 
  because that 's not at all what i 've been saying . 
  pretty much the opposite . 
   i 'm having a really though time understanding what 's so `` completely moral , yet just expressing a different opinion '' , about supporting the non-compliance with a simple universal human rights tenet . 
  how about disagreeing on the conditions of that compliance ? 
  there are quite clearly some limits to it , as you probably would n't be all that happy if a hypothetical refugee walked into your home and checked your freezer for ice cream . 
  i 'm obviously not saying that would actually happen , but clearly there 's some kind of scale and people will disagree about where on that scale things stop being reasonable . 
   this subreddit hates morals , ethics and humanitarianism if the topic are refugees . 
  or many people just disagree with you . 
  it 's possible to do that without being heartless or evil . 
  just because you ca n't see any merits to viewpoints other than your own does n't mean other people ca n't . 
  you do n't have to agree with people to show them respect , and saying someone `` hates morals '' is hardly respecting them . 
   is that what you really believe ? 
  that a system is infallible ? 
  that the people who actively work with the system would not find a way to game it ? 
  no system is infallible , but i know that there 's no way to do anything significant unless you 've got everyone in a district in on it , and even then it requires you to be sneaky enough that no one suspects it . 
  the entire process is open to the public if anyone wants to inspect it , specifically to prevent abuse . 
  and i * am * someone who actively works with the system , and have done so for the last seven elections . 
  there 's also the old swedish variant where you get to choose between three different phrasings of `` no '' , with no `` yes '' option included at all . 
  depending on how the voting is done , there may not really be anything you * can * do . 
  there 's not a whole lot you can do to cheat in the swedish system , unless every official in a district is corrupt and has the same political leanings . 
   does that even matter ? 
  when there are different laws concerning unaccompanied minors and adult refugees , it does . 
  it seemed like it was the only thing swedish press was writing about for a while . 
  those towns are n't popular destinations for people living in the countries either . 
  / r/europe does n't know what its views are , except that those views are probably the muslims ' fault somehow . 
  in the turkish camps , definitely . 
  among the people who make it all the way to germany ? 
  probably not a whole lot . 
   i think the people in charge can tell when a 25 year old is n't 15 . 
  but can you say for sure that a 20 year old is n't 17 ? 
  sure enough to hold up in court ? 
   they 're kids of all ages , from 1-18 , and there are a lot of kids below the age of 10 fleeing syria . 
  this is n't about * all * kids fleeing syria , though . 
  this is about the ones that come alone without anyone who cares for them , as the woman in question did n't seem quite so interested in taking on a parent or guardian as well , and i doubt they 'd be very keen on giving up the child to some stranger , especially not after actually reaching their destination . 
  if you look only a the kids that do n't have any attachments and who might be interested in such an arrangement , they wo n't be five years old . 
  because it 's only a good idea if you think the independent country will be a nice ( relatively ) un-corrupt democracy with a functioning economy and good relations with its neighbors . 
  it also assumes that everyone in the region actually wants to live in that new country . 
  unfortunately , that 's not always the case as things tend to be more complicated than that . 
  iceland is n't * that * bad . 
  there are towns in norway , sweden and finland that are much further north than reykjavik , without the benefit of being right in the path of the gulf stream . 
   implying that white europeans are the fries and brown immigrants are just spices . 
  that does seem to be a common way of arguing with leftist politicians here , actually . 
  everything local is boring and anyone coming here makes it more exciting , and how they feel about that arrangement is n't ever really considered . 
  it 's not as if any of those politicians have actually talked to a refugee aside from during press stunts anyway . 
  airports have a whole other level of security compared to trains , and how many people actually take a ferry to iceland ? 
   what , because we do n't have televisions and the internet like the rest of you ? 
  because even in the rest of europe , people mostly watch and read things that confirm what they already believe . 
  it does n't matter how much information is available to you if you do n't actually do anything with it . 
  there 's a big difference between knowing * about * the issue and knowing the finer points of * why * it 's an issue . 
   we do n't have illegal asylum seekers and unassimilated immigrants ? 
  compared to the numbers that some other countries get ... not really , no . 
  the `` children '' are pretty much all teenagers . 
  young children with no one to care for them do n't really manage to sneak between continents on their own , and the ones that do have someone to care for them are n't too keen on splitting up . 
  if you 're going to put a tube down the hole , they 'd just fit that tube there permanently and only have to deal with the actual gas canister . 
  less work and one less thing that can go wrong . 
  it 's not that surprising . 
  some old prisons are tourist attractions too , from old dungeons to alcatraz . 
  lots of old torture chambers have also been turned into museums . 
  they 're usually still under someone 's jurisdiction . 
  so no soldiers , but the police would show up to arrest anyone trying to go there . 
   it 's a fine line but there are a couple of guys who seem to have made a career out of balancing on the very edge between `` free speech '' and `` hate speech '' or illegal threats . 
  this seems to be a thing on both sides . 
  it makes sense , though ; extremists are the only ones who need to worry about hate speech laws . 
  it 's in their interests to know those laws so they can avoid breaking them and stay out of jail .
