  and at this time of year , the lions are probably all hibernating . 
  i think they should revoke your degree . 
  [ edit  aww , it 's fixed now . 
  it used to say 62 + 2 = 4 . 
   using that blue for sweden is criminal . 
  it looks about as right as you 'd expect . 
  it 's supposed to be a fairly light blue . 
  it 's a bit hard to take talk about toilets and whatever seriously when one gender can be sent off to kill and die while the other does n't have to . 
  everything else is trivial in comparison . 
  does n't matter . 
  she does n't have to be * good * . 
  she just has to be the best that 's actually around . 
  by sacrificing how many floors they could get with that money . 
  you could build thirty london shards or ten burj khalifas for the money they spent on that complex . 
  and the latter is about 300 meters taller than the clock tower . 
  so it was a ludicrously expensive project that 's relatively `` small '' compared to what 's technically possible today . 
  it 's a grammatically valid sentence in english . 
  the capitalization is key . 
  definitely . 
  rather than pointing out how someone 's * argument * is racist , people just skip past the whole annoying `` discussion '' thing right to saying that the * person * is racist . 
  thereby ( theoretically ) discrediting their arguments without having to actually worry about whether the arguments are sound or not . 
   you can still do interesting gothic and traditional stuff with metal though . 
  not without increasing weight , which greatly increases costs or reduces how high you can build . 
  the thing about building that tall is that adding anything on the 100th floor not only means you need to reinforce every floor below , but you need to then reinforce them all some more to cover the added weight of the reinforcements , and then you need to handle that weight , and so on . 
  with just 5-10 floors , that 's not too much of an issue . 
  with 50-100 , the scaling will limit your architectural options . 
  that 's why you see a lot of oddly shaped skyscrapers , but almost never any kind of decorations . 
  with today 's technology , you have to build like that to build that tall . 
  the structure has to be steel , and then you need walls that are as light as possible . 
  brick and stone would n't work . 
  glass is relatively light due to how thin it is , and it isolates decently if you can use multiple panes . 
   all of those buildings are disgustingly hideous . 
  ugly , yes , but not boring . 
  and they were n't even particularly efficient , given all the empty space . 
  the preserved roman graffiti from pompeii seems to indicate that , yes . 
  it 's mostly sex and insults . 
  with rents to match . 
  they could at least rotate them a bit , or anything . 
  there tends to be space in between and they 're rarely facing any particular direction . 
  this seems based on us logic . 
  assuming they actually do anything . 
   be honest with yourself . 
  you are waiting for a left-wing movement that opposes ( non-european ) immigration . 
  it 's possible to be in favor of a more nuanced debate without being against current policy . 
  doing the right thing for the wrong reasons is perhaps not * wrong * , but it tends to lead to inefficient policy . 
  same with the swedish m90 . 
  it 's seemingly indestructible and dirt just falls right off it . 
  very comfortable too . 
  i always use my old army pants when hiking . 
  about 80 % of earth 's mass and 90 % of earth 's gravity at the surface , apparently . 
  * nea ** t ** er * , not nearer . 
  venus is also much smaller , meaning less gravity , so landing is easier . 
  the atmosphere will kill any probe you send , though . 
  that 's diplomacy . 
  everyone does that . 
  it 's not the same as there being an `` information war '' . 
  there 's that too , but it did n't result in this . 
  and they totally do n't exist in other countries ? 
   why do you think our leaders will be stupid ? 
  have you * seen * the current government ? 
  well , they 're not considered personal details . 
  where you live is n't really a secret anyway , as your name is on the door and countless companies have your name and address stored . 
  if there 's any particular reason why you 'd be a target , you would n't be listed . 
  well , they can look up everyone else too , so it makes no real difference . 
   that 's how most lakes are anyway . 
  all the ones that are n't horribly poisoned , killing all life and making the water clear . 
  you 're allowed 14 statues . 
  jesus , mary , and the apostles . 
  no more . 
   but the white look is mainly a stylistic choice , because they thought the greeks and romans did it like that . 
  only later did we learn that they actually painted everything and had no taste at all . 
  all of them , all week , basically . 
  does n't matter if the rest are against or not if they ca n't work together . 
  or wait 500 years and visit it once it 's finished . 
  seck mate . 
  rowing does n't count here . 
  probably because there was a post today or yesterday with pictures of european churches and this was one of them . 
  it 's a museum , but it was originally built as a church . 
  built as a church and not currently in use as anything else , so i think it counts . 
  and it 's in the european half of istanbul . 
  it 's clearly made to look like the dutch church , yes . 
  just roll it . 
  falafel , however ... 
  i thought the stereotype was that swedes are tall ? 
  no need to wait !, 
  just say that the claw represents the taliban or isis and you can use it today . 
  given that they have a population of more or less no one , the number of tourists per capita may be quite high . 
  in theory , but then you have to collect all that liquid . 
  it 's probably possible , but not practical or economical . 
  they 're vicious death beasts , yes . 
  what about the murderous river horse ? 
  you 'd need to immerse it in liquid first . 
  hard to do with a whole tower . 
  going by comments in the thread on / r/sweden , it seems to have been in the greater stockholm region only . 
  it was the `` important message '' signal , not the air raid siren ( short rapid tones ) or the call to arms ( repeated very long tones ) . 
   there are indications that this weekend in hamburg , a lot of the vandals were just present for the action . 
  that 's been the case for ages with these meetings . 
  they attract always `` professional '' protesters from neighboring countries . 
  it only applies to certain uses of the trademark where the company and the organization had both registered under the same article . 
  it does n't mean nordfront have to change their name or anything .
