  and that 's how 90 % of the stuff here hits the front page . 
  in real life , it 's very effective . 
  in books or movies , there 's about a 90 % chance that they 'll survive and meet an old ninja master on a mountain and come back for revenge in a few years , and about a 10 % chance that they 'll survive just long enough to meet some wandering hero and tell them something important that will directly lead to your downfall . 
  too long . 
  just call it the neuropean union . 
  people can argue for years about how to pronounce it . 
   the illusion of an answer considering the number of high level negotiations that are inevitably involved , they 'd probably do something similar regardless of whether there 's a plan or not . 
  for some people , giving the illusion of chaos ( or exaggerating the chaos there is ) serves to eliminate political opponents . 
  he kept the job he had been entrusted to by voters . 
  he quit the job that some politicians handed to him . 
  as long as the uk has n't actually left the eu , that seems fair . 
  and he ca n't make that happen himself anyway . 
  that just gets you shot and thrown in a river . 
  double gulag !, 
  that 's a hard sell when the laws of the country clearly state that the result of a referendum is n't legally binding . 
  given the location , anything else would be strange . 
  you know , kind of like how the mongolian empire was a medieval predecessor of the united nations . 
  almost the same thing - some territorial overlap and a desire to unite things . 
  the trick is to dump it in someone else 's sea . 
  there 's still oxygen near the surface . 
  the problem is that at the bottom , it gets depleted faster than it can be replenished . 
  microorganisms consume it all to break down sewage , and then only release co2 . 
  it 's a rather odd environmental problem , because the problem is n't that the sewage is toxic to life , but that it 's * too good * as food for some bacteria , and this wrecks the ecosystem . 
  and it ca n't balance itself , because the things that normally feed on those microorganisms suffocates . 
  they forgot to bring food and ate the third guy . 
  because then you wo n't be shot at with a glitter mortar . 
  romansch spoken with a thick czech accent , obviously . 
  not necessarily . 
  just inconvenient kinks . 
   do you speak for all the people on the planet when you say `` nobody '' ? 
  they do n't have to speak for everyone , just most people . 
  are you seriously trying to argue that the interest in a video of a random woman * is n't * higher than the interest in a video of a random man ? 
  because if so then any further discussion is meaningless , as you know that you 're lying to yourself . 
  it 's better , but it 's not in any way safe . 
  and do n't rely on snapchat or whatever telling you if someone takes a screenshot , because people will always find ways around such restrictions . 
  that was n't intentional , though . 
  accidents happen in war zones . 
  the real problem there was being overly optimistic about how safe flying at higher altitudes was . 
  the lesson there should be `` do n't fly over war zones even if you feel confident that there are no long range surface to air missiles '' . 
  because they sometimes have really nice looking clothing that looks relatively normal . 
  it 's mostly regular clothing that 's a bit more conservative , not a hundred different colored burkas . 
  it was a cultural thing too . 
  there 's some old norse quote about it being more shameful to go to the market with uncombed hair than on a lousy horse . 
  which i guess is still true today , but was n't true everywhere at the time . 
   but they never protest against the regulation itself . 
  they do . 
  it 's just not news . 
  this is n't corruption . 
  it 's just crime . 
   taxi-drivers in some countries are vehemently opposed to any competition like uber . 
  they tend to mostly be upset by having to follow a bunch of regulation and then having to compete with people who do n't follow that regulation , who do n't have the right insurance , and who frequently do n't pay tax . 
  he probably will be if they find him . 
  i guess the british * really * do n't like bathing . 
  as soon as you give up your silly ideas about saturn , sure . 
  except for the days when you actually party . 
  the scandinavian ones are correct , though saturday would perhaps be better translated as `` washing day '' or `` cleaning day '' . 
  close enough either way ; the point is that it 's the day when you prepare before the holy day . 
  yeah , if this is the best you can come up with , do n't write anything . 
  the only embarrassing thing about this is the flair . 
   i mean suing over baby photos on facebook ? 
  what the shit ? 
  it seems fair . 
  why not ? 
  are you saying that the world would be better if everyone was too busy trying to stay alive to have time to worry about things like privacy ? 
  well , they dislike needing to have a very large army , but dislike the idea of anyone else having a bigger one . 
   it 's not save from long range naval attacks . 
  sure it is , unless they want to sink the whole island into the sea . 
  mobility and camouflage means that they might know where you were ten minutes ago , but that information is now useless . 
  having a lot of firepower is n't much help if you do n't know what to aim for , and if every time you * do * aim , the target is gone before you can hit it with anything . 
   there is no way we could defend the port properly . 
  you do n't have to defend it * successfully * , just make sure there 's a very obvious fight . 
  put half a dozen boats with guns at the inlet and no one can claim that the whole thing was in any way peaceful . 
  they might even slow down the attacking ships by sinking in strategic places !, 
  if the attackers are forced to cause collateral damage to the port then even better ( it 's not yours anymore anyway ) . 
  are you sure they 're wearing pants ? 
  hand the task over to any armed force and they 'd make it worthwhile . 
  add rain , mud , and the requirement that all materials ( which are of course all very heavy and provided in excessive quantities ) be carried to and from the setup location . 
  sound discipline means the music ca n't be louder than a whisper , and you can get as drunk as you want but you still have to spend the night carrying everything back to base and then report for duty before sunset tomorrow . 
   `` eventually '' does n't mean `` in the end '' , but `` in the event of '' . 
  excellent . 
  finally swedes can stop confusing it with the swedish * eventuellt * , which does mean `` in the event of '' . 
  what about maneuverable vs manoeuvrable ? 
  historically , that approach has never worked out very well unless you 've got a big ally to protect you . 
  and with the us potentially becoming more isolationist , that 's not the case . 
  why not one in rome , one in paris , and one in berlin ? 
  they can all have eagles on their standards , and while they might not all agree about what colors to use , everyone can agree that red should be one of them . 
  it 's not like smaller countries have anything to say now anyway . 
  most countries just rely on having friendly neighbors , not really caring if * those countries * have friendly neighbors . 
   but i believe this is out of necessity in an increasingly dangerous world where on top of that the americans do n't seem to be very eager to step in europe 's defense anymore ( look at trump who says he would n't always defend nato countries ) . 
  and i think that 's fair . 
  europe has been cutting down on military spending with the assumption that the us will solve everything for a long time . 
  i can see why americans would prefer a more isolationist foreign policy . 
  why secure your own borders when you can liberate others ' borders ? 
  put it somewhere in western denmark . 
  easy to defend that way . 
  should be cheap too , and with some nice beaches nearby . 
  the only downsides are the hurricanes , the storms , and the hurricanes . 
  they 'll supply it with coffee . 
  the greeks will donate a barrel of olive oil and a small bag of sand from the beach . 
  but a few year ago , would you have considered the current events in ukraine to be plausible ?
