  they 've been standing like that since at least this morning . 
  the police maintain their shield wall , the protesters keep adding to their barricades ( which by now are pretty substantial ) and the priests line up in between the two groups . 
  it 's been very quiet compared to yesterday . 
  hard to say if the ceasefire is because of the priests or if the priests ventured out there because there was already a de facto ceasefire . 
  i 've seen other pictures of protesters with firearms . 
  no pictures or reports of them actually being fired , though . 
  if they do , they 'll have uprisings in every city in the country and the government will fall in a day . 
  well , if the democracy is fully functional then you do n't really need major protests . 
  if elections are fair , the elected politicians follow the law and there 's little corruption , there 's not much point in protesting . 
  these kinds of protests are really only meaningful when politicians do n't worry about the result of the next election . 
  there are demonstrations and manifestations all the time in sweden , but it 's always either fringe groups who few people agree with or rallies where people pat themselves on the back for `` taking a stand '' against something virtually no one agreed with to begin with . 
  seems more likely that they had the passenger removed for refusing to cooperate and staying on the plane despite being asked to leave . 
  you may not like ryan air 's baggage rules , but you ca n't expect to not have to follow them if you do decide to fly with ryan air . 
  the inane pricing schemes that charge you extra for * everything * are what allows the base fares to be relatively low . 
  no love for any of the healers . 
  that priest is clearly a full-time buffbot . 
   it 's just a simple battle over power and nowhere in the world is anything significant gained without the use or threat or violence . 
  lots of places have functioning democracies . 
  no one is really safe there . 
  hence the revolt . 
  it 's far more complicated , it has been ongoing for decades and it 's not even in europe . 
  various kinds of fireworks , most likely . 
  i 've seen lots of that and lots of molotovs . 
   it is cohesion and determination . 
  a defensive line that requires a more serious effort to pass can help with both , though . 
  protesters are safer from tear gas and rubber bullets if there 's a smokescreen between them and the police , and while a tire fire wo n't stop a vehicle , it 's not something you can walk through on foot . 
  the police ca n't arrest or harass people without first committing to a proper assault . 
  not when talks about ukraine joining the eu was part of what caused all this . 
  continued good ( if chilly ) relations between russia and the eu are worth more money to both sides than anything at stake in ukraine . 
  nonviolent protests only work if the authorities are reluctant to simply kill everyone . 
  that 's why it worked in india but not in syria . 
  if the powers that be would rather see the country burn around them than lose control over it , you ca n't depose of them nonviolently . 
  because when * we * do it it 's a good thing but when * they * do it it 's a bad thing , obviously . 
  is n't that how it 's been since the stone age ? 
  the only things that change are what you mean by `` we , `` they '' and `` it '' . 
  we claim to be neutral when we think it sounds good and get involved in conflicts whenever we feel like it . 
  sending troops to afghanistan and fighter jets to libya and all that . 
  we mostly do n't feel like entering any alliance that may get us dragged into someone else 's war , though we 'll frequently get involved in those same wars anyway . 
  i think invading africa at the request of another european country belongs somewhere in the upper half of that list , so it 's all good . 
  just try to stay away from el alamein this time . 
  i do n't really see what sweden has to gain from what happens in ukraine regardless . 
   funny when sweden itselfs attacks people that have different opinions then what is allowed . 
  the swedish government does n't . 
  certain people ca n't handle the idea that people with different ideas get to express them , but the police protects everyone 's right to protest . 
  that 's the difference . 
  do n't confuse the swedish media with the swedish government . 
  but ukraine is in europe , so i guess it 's still technically accurate . 
  the protesters are all europeans . 
  only because of the unexplained and seemingly arbitrary distinction between a `` presidential system '' , a `` semi-presidential system '' and `` republics '' . 
  which itself is named after a town in egypt . 
  it 's a pretty boring name that does n't exactly inspire public interest in space exploration . 
  the name does n't even have anything to do with europe . 
  i think `` scenarios '' would be a more appropriate translation in this case . 
  `` variables '' works too and conveys pretty much the same thing here . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of people will start to care as it draws closer . 
  it 's a pretty big thing . 
  i was referring to blekinge and halland , and they 're not * that * shitty . 
  i lived in halland for a while . 
  it was okay . 
  i 'd probably recommend against using a trebuchet to fling something other than water balloons or other novelty crap . 
  using a siege engine to fling rocks is just asking for the government to use it as an excuse to escalate the violence . 
  riots are one thing , but i do n't think anyone wants a full-blown civil war . 
   building a catapult is a pretty major escalation all the same though : / or would be , if they built one that actually worked . 
  for now it 's just a clumsy way of doing very little . 
  it looks like an attempt at building a trebuchet by someone who has seen pictures of them but do n't know the theory of how they should work . 
  without a sling , you 'll never get good results from it . 
  the `` scoop '' approach might work if you 're building an [ onager ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/onager_%28siege_weapon%29 ) , but then you 're not using a counterweight . 
  a counterweight-based catapult requires a sling . 
  the catapult in the video is cute , but it would be more effective to just throw the stones yourself . 
   ... but this truly boggles my mind . 
  it has the word `` nuclear '' in the name , which means it 's evil . 
  that 's how it works , right ? 
   maybe arm wrestling contest to settle things down once and for all ? 
  how about a trial-by-ice-hockey ? 
  oh , come on . 
  you ca n't take the good province and give away the shitty ones that no one actually wants . 
   i ca n't find the data for pre-2009 . 
  that 's your problem right there . 
  the past five years or so were exceptionally cold and snowy . 
  if you go back to the 1990s , i 'm pretty sure there was much less snow , and if you go back to the 1980s there was 2010-style snow . 
  this winter is unusually mild compared to two years ago , but perfectly normal compared to fifteen years ago . 
  only if you recognize that the baltic coast [ belongs to sweden by right ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dominium_maris_baltici ) . 
  if it 's any comfort , most of scania is covered in snow right now . 
  from what i remember of the 90s , winters with little or no snow were fairly common . 
  the past few years have had far more snow than i can remember having seen since the 1980s . 
   right , and at the end of the day the candidate elected will be either from the main left or main right party . 
  if you assume that it 's impossible to get into politics and impossible to start up a new party that does well . 
  but there are a ton of independent european parties that have gotten elected into parliaments in the last 10-20 years . 
   it 's the definition of theft . 
  only if you say that it was the previous generation of greeks who did the stealing . 
  they 're the ones who spent more money than they had and pushed the problem to the future . 
  they 're the ones who benefited the most from all of this . 
  the banks only facilitated the process , and while they 'll make money from the interests , that 's spare change compared to how much the people taking the loans collectively got out of it . 
   you could say that , when inequalities are high , money is stolen from the population to go to the wealthy ? 
  morally questionable and not particularly fair , sure . 
  stealing ? 
  only in exaggerated rhetoric . 
  by definition it 's only theft if it 's unlawful , not if it only * should * be unlawful . 
  wanting money that someone borrowed from you back is n't stealing . 
  you ca n't take a loan and then change your mind about the whole thing when it 's time to pay back .
