  that 's about average level of crazy for fi . 
  note that they 're not in parliament , though . 
  they 're just a loud fringe group . 
   they ca n't have it both ways . 
  well , they often can if they jump off and instantly transform into legal pedestrians , but most do n't bother or do n't know the laws . 
  but at least here , it 's possible to strategically get on and off your bike so that you virtually always have right of way . 
  it 's quite entertaining when you see someone doing it right , legally redefining themselves to whatever is most convenient at the moment . 
   you 're okay doing nothing whilst children who had no choice in the matter drown because if circumstances outside of their control ? 
  he did n't say that . 
  there 's no * good * option here , just varying degrees of bad . 
  no one is * okay * with kids drowning , but that does n't mean they have to be in favor of saving them at any cost , especially when no one can say what the cost will end up being . 
   and you 're okay with legitimate refugees who are fleeing war drowning in the middle of the sea amongst strangers ? 
  the main argument is that if they 're on a boat from turkey to greece , they 're not fleeing from war anymore . 
  they 're fleeing from the conditions of turkish refugee camps . 
  and if the conditions are that bad , the kids could be saved by improving those instead , ideally to the point where no one gets into any boat . 
  if they chose not to get on that boat , they would n't be shot or hit by a bomb or anything . 
  they 'd be in a peaceful country . 
   so tell me , without resorting to juvenileness , when , according to you , 152 countries to emigrate to is okay but 0 is totally not : is it grayscale or is it all white until 1 and suddenly turns black at 0 ? 
  if you want a ( relatively arbitrary ) distinction , you could put it at 50 % . 
  whether that 's population or area does n't really change much . 
  in the ddr case , most of the world was made unavailable to you . 
  in the modern case , only a small part of the world is made unavailable to you . 
  a very important distinction is also that it 's still possible for people to seek asylum despite any fence . 
  you can still do things the legal way . 
  you just ca n't come and go as you want . 
  but most of the world does n't , so arguing morality from that viewpoint is never going to get you anywhere . 
  to people who do n't agree with you already , your logic will seem nonsensical . 
  alternative first step : get very strong legs . 
   that each region could tailor their renewable energy to their specific climate !!!, 
  in theory , perhaps . 
  in practice , it 's very hard to capitalize on flat land that does n't get much sunlight for most of the year . 
  hydro is * much * cheaper to build than all the other options . 
  russia has nuclear ice breakers , so it 's definitely technically possible . 
   i wonder what they intend to use as baseload generation to balance the grid . 
  this is the kind of thing that the greens love to come up with , so it 's safe to bet that they have n't intended or considered * anything * . 
  they just come up with some numbers and hope that someone else will figure out how to actually do it . 
  do n't forget to say that it 's not renewable , but forget to mention that at the current rate we 're not going to run out of uranium for another 50,000 years or so . 
   nuclear power is good , however if you 're going to include nuclear energy as `` one of the primary '' sources of energy , you need to also include hydro power . 
  hydroelectric power is basically capped , though . 
  more dams * could * be built , but public opinion is against it . 
  so hydro is pretty much just a fixed amount of electricity going into the grid , and nothing you do will change that number . 
  so it 's ignored . 
   words do n't change definitions when you misuse them . 
  well , they do if you misuse them enough . 
  it 's all about time . 
   today on the other hand you 'd be hard pressed to find an actual worker in a worker 's party . 
  there are still quite a lot of them around , though not as many as 50 + years ago . 
  sweden 's social democrat prime minister used to work as a welder . 
  getting involved in the metalworkers ' union got him into politics . 
  if his reasons are political , you 've stretched the meaning of the word to the point where * anything * can be said to be political . 
  because something something immigrants downvote . 
   that 's the whole point . 
  according to the swedish judicial system , that 's * half * the point . 
  the first half is to get one less criminal . 
  the second half is to gain a law-abiding citizen if possible . 
   so lifetime means 18 years ? 
  no , life means life with the opportunity to get out earlier . 
  that chance means the person has something to lose while in prison , as well as something to gain from behaving and getting an education , hopefully turning them into a decent citizen by the time they get out . 
  it 's both a carrot and a stick ; behave * very * well and you may get out in ten to fifteen years , but behave poorly and you 'll die in that prison . 
  even ten years in prison is a * very * long time , so it 's not as if anyone gets out with a slap on the wrist . 
   so he is a terrorist . 
  only if you broaden the definition of `` terrorist '' to mean * someone who does anything violent for reasons that are more or less related to politics or the consequences of politics or government policy in some way , regardless of whether the actions are intended to change anything or not * . 
  in which case the word is useless and does n't really mean anything anymore . 
  well , it * is * more annoying than being in a car traffic jam . 
  if you 're in a car , you get a comfy chair to sit in while you wait . 
  these people have to not only stand , but have to hold their bicycles upright the entire time . 
  the bottleneck is probably somewhere ahead if they 're all stopped , like a traffic accident or a railway crossing or something . 
  or just a traffic light at a busy intersection . 
   wow , i was completely confused by the news about it . 
  it 's not perfect , but it 's better than what came before ( i.e. 
  nothing ) , and it 'll be easier to fix existing legislation that 's * mostly * good than to get new laws passed . 
  lots of countries have been thinking about net neutrality , but almost no one has actually passed any legislation . 
   this is an example of what you see when you first use your internet connection here in the uk . . and it seems that with this ruling , you 'd have the same thing except with the positions ( and sizes ) of the buttons reversed . 
  the filters are legal if they 're opt-in ; they just ca n't be the default choice . 
   article 5 is for foreign powers attacking a nato member anyway they 'd probably try to spin it to be the actions of isis and iraqi kurds or something . 
   i have nothing against immigration if it 's done like canada does it . 
  so basically `` be located in a place that no one can get to so you do n't have to worry about refugees and can stick to accepting rich chinese immigrants '' ? 
  well , only certain times of day . 
  most were only traders . 
  they used different types of ships . 
  most people would n't have had access to any longships , and you ca n't really raid in a [ knarr ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/knarr ) . 
  much too slow . 
  pretty much . 
  the name was closer to `` raider '' than being the name of any group of people . 
  it 's been misused so much since that the definition has changed , though . 
  i 'm not saying that statues are bad , just that municipal government have a bad habit of spending unjustifiable amounts of money on decorations that no one actually likes . 
  there 's a lot of wasted tax money at that level , and if you really wanted to fund something then you could dig into that and find billions . 
  but no one will . 
  parts of turkey are and they 've played a big role in the last thousand years of european history , so ... meh ? 
  it 's not really possible to make such restrictions . 
  not unless denmark decides to accept any excess refugees who came that route , and they wo n't . 
   sweden is very rich , we can afford to share our wealth well , it all depends on how much else you 're willing to cut down on . 
  you * could * probably find expenses to cut down on that no one would miss , like overly expensive modernist statues to decorate parks no one actually visits because of their terrible location , but i doubt anyone is going to bother actually doing that . 
   had anyone proposed the first 4 points just a month ago , they would have been accused of racism . 
  you do n't have to go back in time . 
  plenty of people within those parties are going to be calling this racist right now . 
  the title was edited at some point . 
  either they switched from rounding down to rounding up , or someone figured that they 'd get a more dramatic headline if they used the projected 2019 figures instead of the budgeted 2016 figures . 
  that 's not really necessary in the short term . 
  the previous government was very responsible in their spending and reduced the national debt , so there 's room for borrowing great big piles of money without it really being * that * much of a problem .
