  polling results vary , but something like that . 
  an election campaign can make that number go significantly up or down . 
  it does n't matter , though . 
  unless sd can secure 51 % of the votes - and they ca n't - then nothing has changed . 
  the other parties will continue to do anything it takes to not have to negotiate with sd , no matter the financial or political cost . 
  as long as there 's a theoretical possibility of forming a government without sd , they 'll keep doing what they 're doing . 
  and if not , they 'll probably just go sit in quiet opposition until their own parties kick them out . 
   is there any party catering specifically to migrants ? 
  locally , kind of . 
  the social democrats have worked hard to get immigrant votes and [ in some districts they got almost 80 % of the votes ] ( http://www.val.se/val/val2014/slutresultat/r/valdistrikt/12/80/0809/index.html ) as a result . 
  there are no significant political parties run primarily by immigrants , though . 
  there 's too much variety in where people are from for any group to get enough votes to get any mandates . 
  i do n't think concrete is all that space efficient , but it 's good for tall buildings . 
  you do n't really want to build 10 story buildings out of wood . 
  you * can * , but mostly as a gimmick . 
  that depends on how good they are at shifting the blame to others , and how willing media is to cover for them . 
   only with modern technology and central heating has concrete/stone even become really viable . 
  and with modern insulation and central heating , wood is still as good as ever . 
  the goal of their voting was n't to make a budget they liked win , but to force an early reelection by allowing one block to form a government and then voting for the budget proposal of the other block . 
  the idea was to create chaos . 
  the only reason it worked was because no one expected them to do something quite so insane . 
  the opposition could have simply not voted and the governing parties would win . 
  stockholm is about 600 km north of malm\u00f6 , so there 's a noticeable difference in climate . 
  the same applies if you keep going north ; it 's already close to -10 \u00b0 c at night in northern sweden . 
  in distance , the difference between southern and northern sweden is similar to the difference between denmark and tunisia . 
   these people will riot and swedes will blame themselves for their failings and promise to take twice as many more to say sorry . 
  far from everyone . 
  and after today 's announcement that kd are withdrawing support from the current government coalition ( the so called december agreement ) , there may be new elections soon . 
  swedish politics have been rather volatile the past year . 
  there are many reasons , including various odd legislation in the city . 
  and yeah , no one really builds to rent ; the only thing that 's particularly profitable is to sell the apartments ( * bostadsr\u00e4tter * ) . 
  there 's certainly * land * , but most of it is n't really habitable . 
  you could put up some houses , but staying there would mean permanent unemployment . 
  around 90 % of sweden 's population live in the southern third of the country , and even most of that third is just rocky forests barely even fit for forestry . 
  the only parts of the country that are actually inhabitable are the coasts ( including around the major rivers and lakes ) and the southernmost peninsula . 
  because of party politics . 
  if the party has decided on a line , local politicians ca n't go too much against it . 
  and the practicalities of actually making things happen are a local matter , so top politicians do n't have to care if it 's realistically possible or not when deciding on policy . 
  in the end everyone gets screwed , but top politicians get to stand in the spotlight and say nice things hoping to be reelected . 
  the border is mostly mountains , and a long bridge down south . 
  you would n't need all that many people to hold it . 
   it might be time to start building some new cities . 
  this does n't help if no one wants to live in them , and you ca n't force people to live in any particular place . 
  word order is pretty similar in swedish and english , so even if the translation is only mediocre it 'll look okay . 
  the same goes for danish and norwegian . 
  compound words can make translations rather messy , though : * the bag of wheat flour * is * vetemj\u00f6lsp\u00e5sen * in swedish . 
  well , it 's bound to slow down . 
  the groups wandering through denmark would probably settle for danish hospitality rather quickly if they had to trudge through a bunch of snow . 
   why does n't the government begin a massive program of building simple prefabricated shelters for people ? 
  same reason as why there 's a housing shortage . 
  because any land is either already used , too far from a city for anyone to want to actually live there , or it 's some park or natural preserve belonging to some foundation that you 're not going to be able to build anything in without first fighting a 30 year court battle . 
  and you ca n't tear down existing buildings to build higher , because then you 'll ruin the pretty skyline and you get another 30 years of court battles . 
  even if you win , it 's still not worth the effort . 
  that would certainly motivate people . 
  depends on where in sweden you are . 
  the south does n't get properly cold for a while yet . 
  you can live comfortably in a tent all throughout the swedish winter , though . 
  it 's really cold in two man tents , but with 20 man tents you get a lot less surface area per person and body heat will keep you reasonably warm . 
   wait until they refuse to camp somewhere in a rural area and move their tents to stockholm and malm\u00f6 city parks !, 
  they ca n't . 
  the so-called `` eu migrants '' already did . 
   we can give some military tents which have room for stoves , it 's really comfy in the winter . 
  we 've got plenty of those . 
  they 're fiery death traps if you do n't know what you 're doing , though . 
  they require someone to watch and feed the stove all night . 
  still ~ 8 \u00b0 c in southern sweden . 
  the surrounding sea tends to keep us reasonably warm until early december . 
  it 's not until january that it gets really bad , so they still have some time to sort stuff . 
   nobody knows who is in the plane because there are n't identity checks at the gate . 
  every such flight i 've been on has checked ids somewhere . 
  security , gate , whatever . 
  you do n't need to show id to travel internationally on a train or ferry , but airlines do require it . 
   with china who cares really , but sure lets not embarss bill . 
  the chinese people probably cared , as newspapers were basically censored just to avoid upsetting a foreign leader . 
  except the foreigner did n't actually care , so newspapers were censored for nothing . 
  potentially the same thing happened here : the prince probably would n't have cared , but the hosts were overzealous in their attempts to avoid any incident . 
  as with the chinese , their attempts at avoiding a diplomatic incident ended up creating a public scandal instead , showing that you * can * be too careful . 
   who counts as a smuggler ? 
  is a taxi driver who brings people illegally over the border one ? 
  if the driver knows that it 's illegal , certainly ? 
  if he does n't know the relevant laws , he hopefully has enough sense not to do international trips without checking id . 
  you ca n't really complain about being prosecuted if you knowingly broke the law . 
  assuming that someone who breaks the rules and gets punished for it can be called a victim . 
   i don \u00b4 t understand that swedish politicians don \u00b4 t see the cause of the rise of parties like sd . 
  most do , but there 's not a whole lot that they can do at this point . 
  it takes a few years for immigrants who do n't speak german to learn the language , though . 
  it 's also completely random who arrives , so there 's no guarantee that any of them will have useful skills . 
  it 's not really a long-term solution to an aging population , though . 
  telling people that you can solve that problem by importing more people is just bullshit to keep them content for now . 
  the new people will also get older , so that just leaves you with an exponentially growing population . 
  at some point you 're going to have to deal with the actual problem ; people need to either work longer or save more money for retirement while they 're working . 
  hey , some of us did the whole cross thing back when that was cool . 
  the brits are pretending that they did n't , but [ we all know what the english flag really looks like ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/b/be/flag_of_england.svg/800px-flag_of_england.svg.png ) . 
  probably a spy . 
  you should hang him just in case . 
  someone married someone at some point . 
  they 've got pretty much every royal family covered in there . 
  and used to be greener . 
  people lived there as farmers for generations , before being forced to move due to climate change ( a thousand years ago ) . 
   welsh are rosbif now ?
