  is that a strategy to make sure sweden does n't win again ? 
   those barriers are designed to break easily so that you can break them with your starter engine if need be . 
  does that include every single one found in rural poland ? 
  sure . 
  i 'm just saying that there might not have been much he could do once he was trapped . 
  blaming the train drivers is probably just a way of trying to avoid losing his job . 
  he had to get back anyway to avoid injuries , and once he was moving backwards he might as well keep doing it and warn everyone along the way . 
  there 's no reason * not * to do it , and no one listens to the intercom anyway . 
  depending on the barrier , he might not have been able to ram through it without a running start , which he ca n't get while stuck on the tracks . 
  you ca n't really tell from the video . 
  that 's because if you speak in any other tone of voice , no one can understand what you 're saying . 
  people pay more attention to someone in uniform running and shouting than a voice through a poor quality intercom ( they 're always poor quality ) . 
  she 's about as national as a swedish comedian can get , and there 's fairly short list of currently active comedians who are more famous than her . 
  it 's debatable whether she 's * popular * or if she 's any good , but she 's certainly very well known . 
  she had her own tv show for a while , has appeared in a whole bunch of stuff on tv , and did some work for the bbc too . 
  petra mede and m\u00e5ns zelmerl\u00f6v . 
  she 's a very famous ( in sweden ) comedian . 
  he 's the singer who won eurovision last year . 
   but people seem to be more into voting for the performance or country they like rather than the best song . 
  same routine as the last 59 years , in other words . 
  that would explain why he 's the one that gets to go on all the state visits . 
  i think that goes for pretty much every country . 
  anyone who has any interest in getting things their way and even a little bit of ambition can arrange their own trips . 
  what you have left is people with no interest in putting in any effort or who do n't really care about where their destination . 
  up north we sometimes have to hold back a little . 
  passing out by the side of the road in england is one thing ; it 'll rain on you a bit but that 's about as bad as it gets . 
  if you pass out by the side of the road during the winter in sweden , you wo n't live to get a hangover . 
  there 's a chance they 'll pick a year and then completely ignore it . 
  battlefield 1942 had events from 1942-1945 with maps for the normandie landings and the battle of berlin . 
  the game supposedly takes place in 1918 , which would mean no meaningful action involving russia . 
  they were busy with their revolution and signed peace treaties two months into the year . 
   i highly , highly doubt ea said `` do n't put the french in . '', 
  of course not , but there 's a limit to how many factions they can implement and balance , so priorities have to be made . 
  but it does seem odd to think the inclusion of the us is all that strange when italy is listed , despite no one really having heard about them doing anything during wwi . 
  they probably did , but no one knows about it . 
   even most kids here in france learn british english in school , i think . 
  in sweden everyone learns british english , then 99 % end up speaking and writing american english anyway due to a combination of the fact that it 's so common in movies and that it 's easier . 
  the spelling makes more sense . 
   i 'm confused that people find the distinctions so different . 
  it 's hard when you 're trying to learn to spell and a lot of very common words are spelled differently . 
  and it goes beyond spelling ; you ca n't even agree on basic things like the names of seasons . 
   we do n't use actual to mean current and that 's that . 
  sure , but it 's * wrong * and once we transition towards a eu-wide english `` dialect '' , certain things will be corrected and people in britain and the us are just going to have to accept that they do n't get to decide how everyone speaks anymore and will have to actually ( or , well ... ) learn some foreign words . 
   the sauna is 1,500 $ + tax . 
  includes tickets for 10 people . 
  that 's much less crazy than i expected . 
  with the cost split among ten people , most people could fairly easily afford it if they really wanted the experience . 
  it 's because the eurovision song contest is held soon , and australia were invited to participate last year as it was the 60th anniversary and the contest has always been popular in australia . 
  since everyone seemed to like them participating , they 've been invited back again this year . 
  so for a short time , australians are honorary europeans . 
   `` i do n't hate jews , look i 'm a communist '' , yeah that 's not a good defend as every white person i know that hates jews are communists . 
  pretty much . 
  neonazis might mention jews on occasion , but they do n't really care . 
  these days they 're far too busy hating muslims to have time to think about the jews . 
  iceberg is pretty much the same word as the swedish ( and presumably norwegian ) * isberg * , which simply means `` ice mountain '' . 
  since britain does n't have any icebergs , the word was probably imported from countries whose sailors would have actually seen some . 
  it 's a problem that fixes itself . 
  since there are no high vantage points , you 'll never realize how flat it is . 
  sweden and norway have all the giant , freezing mountain ranges up north . 
  iceland has their volcanoes and finland has a part of one small mountain ( the rest of it being in norway ) , but that 's the only real mountains you 'll find north of the alps and the carpathian mountains . 
  makes sense . 
  i 've seen english girls . 
  the [ polish-lithuanian commonwealth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93lithuanian_commonwealth ) . 
  it matches the `` no data '' area disturbingly well . 
  it 's a protected species pretty much everywhere . 
   also bod stands for biochemical oxygen demand . 
  if you do a search for scientific articles ( or just a general google search ) you 'll find hits for both , with slightly more for biological oxygen depletion . 
  the copy of * principles of environmental chemistry * by james e gerard on the shelf next to me agrees with the latter interpretation , as does the neighboring copy of * quantitative chemical analysis * by daniel c harris . 
   it has high bod/cod . 
  that leads to anoxic conditions . 
  considering that bod is short for biological oxygen depletion , that 's kind of a tautology . 
  depleting the oxygen by definition results in there being less oxygen . 
  ^ ( yes , i know it 's used as an indirect measure of organic carbon concentration in water samples . ), 
   blood contains nutrients , that part is fine . 
  that part tends to be the worst part , as it leads to rampant growth of microorganisms in the water , which then either quickly deplete all the oxygen in the water or release toxins ( as with algae bloom ) . 
  it 's one of the main reasons why dumping untreated sewage into rivers is a bad idea . 
  it would be very diluted at that point , but they might become marginally more resistant to infections for a few days . 
  the converted old churches tend to look like this ( but generally less ornate ) around here . 
  fancy architecture , painted all white . 
  looks almost protestant , though . 
  a bit unusual for a catholic church . 
  this is n't about national security , though . 
  it 's about soccer hooligans . 
  only if you want to do naughty things with him . 
  it 's actually the personal motto of the king . 
  i guess he 's a busy man . 
  but then it does n't rhyme anymore ... 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen . 
  too hard to coordinate and too easy to just paint over . 
  also , the blue corner people are rather zealous . 
  probably the hardest part of the canvas to paint anything on . 
   dude , your country has a counter for grenade attacks . 
  which is a definite improvement over the 1990s , when it was a grenade ** launcher ** attack counter . 
  it 's not as if sweden did n't have violent crime before the recent wave of immigrants . 
  both are pretty interesting , i 'd say . 
  finland was an equal part of the kingdom of sweden , with no distinction made between swedish provinces and finnish provinces . 
  it just did n't have the capital . 
  well , it makes sense . 
  even if the eu wo n't let him join anyway , there 's still a point to asking the turkish people if they even * want * to join . 
  plenty of other countries also held similar referendums .
