   something is wrong with these figures . 
  probably the fact that you 're ignoring assad . 
  just because someone is fleeing from syria , that does n't mean they 're fleeing from isis . 
  there are many factions fighting in the country . 
  isis just gets the most international media attention , which is an intentional recruitment strategy on their part . 
   ... and what will happen then the same people will live among christians ? 
  there are/were plenty of christians in syria , so that 's nothing new . 
  around 10 % of the population before the war . 
  kind of a loss , considering they 're actually made in asia . 
  but i guess that 's somewhat suitable too . 
  french guiana . 
  it 's where the esa has its primary spaceport ; conveniently close to the equator while still belonging to a european country . 
  well , i do n't think there 's any time when adding some dots to an english word actually turns it into the swedish equivalent , so it 's just one more way in which the strategy can fail miserably . 
  swedish does n't actually have any umlauts , though . 
  just letters that happen to be written in a way that is graphically identical to how umlauts are written . 
  but it 's a completely different thing . 
  real life scots seem to complain a lot about scotland , then they move to england and start complaining about how everything was much better in scotland . 
  i think scots just like complaining . 
  when the stereotypes are `` drinking '' , `` stabbing '' and `` freezing '' , that might not be a good thing . 
  hard to say if that 's an improvement or not . 
  replace `` refugees '' with `` immigrants '' and it 's been well known for years . 
  but it 's not that strange , considering it 's pretty much the one thing that everyone here will have an opinion about . 
   it has countries who accepts them ? 
  you only need one country to accept them , and it 's usually pretty obvious where they came from even if they refuse to say so . 
   they should be deported and banned from the eu . 
  international law unfortunately makes this very difficult . 
  you can throw them in jail if you want , but you ca n't kick them out of the country unless some other country is willing to accept them . 
  they can go back to the refugee camps if they really had to . 
   what you 're saying is mostly true ... what is or is n't true does n't really matter . 
  the migrants will base their decision on what they believe is true . 
  it could be 100 % bullshit , but it 'll still convince them to try to go somewhere else . 
   ... but it does n't give refugees any right to pick and choose basing on economic benefits and be total dicks about it . 
  they do n't have the right , but they 're doing it anyway . 
  how people choose to react to that varies . 
   ... and sweden announced many months ago open asylum to all syrians . 
  years ago . 
  more or less since it became clear that the revolution had escalated into a civil war that would n't end any time soon , simply being from syria was a valid reason for asylum . 
  but you 'll need some kind of proof , of course . 
  it was n't really a problem at the time , for obvious geographic reasons . 
  they 're not entitled to cigarettes , but someone might decide to give them cigarettes anyway just to be nice . 
  they war is n't going to end without getting isis involved , though . 
  if everyone else stops fighting , they 'd just see it as an opportunity to go on the offensive . 
  isis are n't really in a position where they can just stop . 
   you 're right if war breaks out with russia the united states is definitely not going to be absorbing the lions share of nuclear ordinance . 
  if that happens then everyone everywhere is pretty fucked . 
  but as ukraine shows , it 's entirely possible to invade a country without anyone else doing anything about it . 
  his concern is that five years from now , that headline will read `` 8,000 killed in belarus conflict '' . 
  it 's not like they 're standing around on street corners with ak47s trying to pick fights . 
  just do n't undercut someone 's heroin business and you 're fine . 
   they seek fortune and who can blame them ? 
  the fact that it 's understandable does n't mean anyone else should be going along with it . 
   i encourage the silent majority to be more vocal then . 
  not only on reddit , which does n't really matter much , but especially in real life . 
  the silent majority tends to be quiet but vote . 
  at least in sweden . 
  you get fringe groups like fi who do a ton of pr stunts , get invited to debates , have loud opinions about everything , hold political rallies , write tons of newspaper opinion pieces , generally get more media attention than any established party , then at the end of it fail to get a single seat in parliament . 
   so how exactly is this not propaganda ? 
  it is , but it 's not public service so they get to write whatever they want under freedom of the press . 
  if they want to dedicate a newspaper to all the reasons why you should love putin , that 's fine too . 
   showing this ridiculously open stance is making all the millions in the northern part of africa rush to europe through the smuggling network in the mediterranean that is supporting terrorism . 
  i doubt that they read swedish metro . 
  the human traffickers will spread their own rumors , and what swedish journalists have to say about it does n't matter . 
  if people do n't speak swedish anyway , they could just take any newspaper from anywhere in the world saying anything and lie about the headline . 
  it works as a translation for both `` go to hell '' and `` fuck off '' . 
   norrland here so i ca n't even imagine southern sweden . 
  aside from a handful of neighborhoods , it 's the same as up north . 
  it 's all very segregated , which makes it very obvious when you step into the wrong neighborhood , but not really noticeable if you do n't . 
  unless you consider the lebanese guy who runs the falafel shop on the corner a refugee , i guess , but he probably came here on a work permit fifteen years ago and has never even been to syria . 
   her family talks about how malmo is so dangerous when it comes on the news ... as someone living in malm\u00f6 , there 's no real change between 1995 and now . 
  just do n't get involved in organized crime and you wo n't get shot . 
  same thing then as now . 
  syrians are/were majority sunni and only ~ 13 % shia . 
  the saudis do n't really care about religion ; they just do n't want a bunch of poor people coming . 
  obviously . 
  an example must be made so no one else tries the same thing . 
  sink their islands !, 
  well , we * could * . 
  they 'd probably stop coming here if we did . 
  `` i came here from germany . 
  i just happen to not know a word of german . '', 
  the german , dutch , and scandinavian words all mean `` one who flees '' . 
  the italian , spanish , french and english words mean `` one who seeks refuge '' if i 'm not terribly mistaken . 
  yes ? 
  did you miss the ottoman conquest of the balkans ? 
  it was a while ago , admittedly . 
  if you actually read that list , you 'll see that almost all of them are restrictions on covering your face * during a demonstration or riot * . 
  i do n't think any country on that list forbids you from wearing a mask while walking down the street at any other time . 
  you are if it 's very cold and you 're outside . 
  the `` why '' is n't really important as long as it 's their choice . 
  people do far weirder things than that all the time . 
   so there 's nothing about cultural integration or gainful employment in your requirements for naturalization ? 
  cultural integration is too vague to be measured and someone who does n't speak swedish is n't going to get a job no matter how much they look anyway , unless they happen to know someone or have a relevant academic degree and speak fluent english without too much of an accent and be lucky . 
  i believe they are required to attend various stuff and at least attempt to learn swedish , but getting any actual results is going to take more than 4-5 years . 
  it being understandable does n't mean that anyone should put up with it . 
  he 's basically trying to push ahead in line , getting benefits he should n't have at the expense of other refugees . 
  he 's selfishly screwing over everyone else . 
   that 's just insane . 
  that 's what people have been saying for a decade or more , yes . 
  probably pretty high if different demographics choose different ways of traveling . 
   what 's their agenda ?
