  it 's not unique to germany . 
  and he broke it during ww2 , which was a rather extreme situation . 
  as i recall he did n't want to , but was convinced by others that it was best for the country if he ran again . 
   well , considering they arrested nearly all of them , that must have been more than one or two others being `` caught '' . 
  or they were hostile towards the police . 
  depending on the situation , they can also have been arrested for their own protection . 
  during neo nazi manifestations in sweden , the police are usually there mainly to protest the neo nazis from violent leftist groups . 
  relatively recently , should be added . 
  it has not existed for most of us history . 
  franklin d roosevelt was elected four consecutive times . 
   yeah , but we know who they 'll vote for . 
  but they * can * change their minds . 
  that 's a huge difference , legally . 
  this has been a thing since long before fear of terrorism was a thing . 
  it 's about organized crime and money laundering . 
  or he 's just had so many bad experiences with shady venues that he takes payment in cash and spends some of it on extra security . 
  wo n't help much , as regardless of what the answer is it 'll prevent him from answering the question in a way that 'll make anyone satisfied . 
  when comparing distances , note that the previously stated 22 km figure was for the longest stretch of water that would need to be bridged . 
  but that distance is between two islands , and actually reaching land would involve at least eight more bridges , at least two of which would need to be 5 km long . 
   but what would happen if you build a bridge or a tunnel and the ground keeps lifting ? 
  the whole thing would break apart in a 100 years would n't it ? 
  you 'd build it with that in mind . 
  the ground moves very slowly , so you could build the bridge with tolerances to cover the next 500 years or so , at which point you 'll have had to rebuild it at least once anyway to accommodate whatever traffic is common in the future . 
   thinking about it , are there other buildings or structures that got demolished by post-glacial uplift ? 
  most buildings are small enough that their whole foundations will just be moved at the same speed , so it 's not really a problem . 
  not enough traffic to justify the cost , i assume . 
  the populations of ume\u00e5 and vaasa are tiny compared to copenhagen and malm\u00f6 , and there 's far less goods traffic . 
  and the latter bridge * still * took forever to get funding for , even with three million people living within an hour 's train ride of it . 
  its connection to the north sea is very narrow compared to the volume of the rivers flowing into it , so in some sense you could see the baltic sea as a very wide very slow river . 
  there is n't really any ocean water flowing into it . 
   that 's still a lot ... 
  it 's * relatively * little , considering that there 's a bridge between kastrup and malm\u00f6 . 
  that 's not going to happen any time soon between sweden and finland , but only because there 's not enough traffic to justify it , not because it 's not technically feasible . 
  i find it hilarious that swedes go abroad to buy alcohol , while people come to sweden for tobacco . 
  the ferries have zealous shoppers in both directions . 
  it 's especially funny on the ferries to denmark , as the crossing only takes half an hour . 
  so the tobacco shop is open for fifteen minutes and then the alcohol shop is open for fifteen minutes , then it 's the other way around going back . 
  you missed the whole part of the economy changing . 
  they * had * enough money to support their kids before the crisis . 
  that mostly depends on how picky you are about living standards . 
  you can get by on * far * less if you 're willing to share an apartment . 
  the cities seem to have been added at random anyway . 
  it 's odd that someone would know the general shape of \u00d6resund pretty accurately , but not know that the danish capital is located at the * south * end of it , not the north . 
  many of the cities in scandinavia are ** way ** off , and how many get added seems to have been decided mainly by how much space was available . 
  that 's not really true for the ottomans , though . 
  scandinavia was a potential ally against common enemies in central europe . 
  sweden and the ottomans were actually allied for a while . 
   they have a danger zone of up to 300m without solid cover . 
  that 's the maximum range that a piece of shrapnel could theoretically cause some kind of injury at if you had the worst luck possible , plus some extra buffer just to be safe . 
  it does n't mean a hand grenade is actually * dangerous * at 300 meters . 
  it 's not that dangerous even at 30 meters . 
  just do n't stand at 3 m. 
  attention is bad for business and there 's a lot of money involved . 
  the word `` gang '' is used more in the al capone sense ( though not quite as fashionable ) and less in the `` ghetto thug '' sense . 
  grenades are generally used to kill everyone within a confined space , such as a room or a trench . 
  they 're not particularly effective outside . 
  it 's a very small amount of explosive ( would be hard to actually throw otherwise ) . 
  it 's the local . 
  you get what you pay for , i.e. 
  nothing . 
   this is not because of all those immigrants ... no , this time it 's about drug money . 
  most of malm\u00f6 is fine . 
  even the bad parts are fine most of the time . 
  the trick is to pick pictures from the summer when it 's sunny and everything is green . 
   malm\u00f6 is now like tallinn of the early 90s . 
  scary times . 
  once had a bomb go off 30m away from me , under someone 's posh car . 
  it 's not really the same . 
  bystanders are n't getting hurt in malm\u00f6 . 
  that 's why none of the locals care . 
  if these gangs were dealt with , someone else ( and probably less careful ) would step in . 
  there 's too much money at stake , so there 'll always be someone willing to try to get it . 
   sure there 's a lot of shit going down , but for some reason it 's barely even noticeable . 
  because it really is gang-on-gang stuff . 
  it 's * extremely * rare that bystanders get hurt , so it does n't really affect you . 
  you 're a thousand times more likely to be run over by a drunk driver than to be hurt by gang violence , so you do n't really care . 
  slipping on the pavement in the winter is a bigger problem . 
  i think it was mostly danes moving to sweden because it was cheaper . 
  housing prices in copenhagen and malm\u00f6 were ( still are to some extent ) worlds apart , and the commute across the bridge was pretty quick . 
  you hear a lot of danish if you live in malm\u00f6 . 
  the answer is actually `` no '' in this case . 
  or at least it 's not really relevant . 
  malm\u00f6 is a very mixed city , so any organized crime gang is going to be mixed , but the gang warfare has been going on since before there were any significant numbers of immigrants . 
   it basically always means as part of a fight for drug markets . 
  and if you look at a map of northern europe , you 'll quickly figure out why there 's a lot of drug-related money to be made in malm\u00f6 . 
  almost all of the passenger traffic going between scandinavia and the continent passes through the city . 
  it 's kind of a non-issue if you live in malm\u00f6 . 
  the big gangs are very careful not to bother bystanders . 
  in this case it 's also been written about so much before that everyone is expected to already know that malm\u00f6 has two large rival organized crime factions that occasionally fight each other . 
  while it might help with some of malm\u00f6 's crime problems , it wo n't have any effect at all on the organized crime . 
  that 's been going on forever , and this decade has n't been any worse than the 1990s or whenever . 
  they used rocket launchers instead . 
  if anything , they had * less * ethics . 
  at least no one is using explosives powerful enough to destroy whole buildings anymore . 
  this shit was going on long before there were any immigrants , and it 's not recent immigrants blowing each other up . 
  it 's all about the money from the drugs being smuggled through malm\u00f6 and further north . 
   personally i barely know anyone that has ever cheated . 
  or they just have n't told you . 
  there 's a pretty big social stigma attached to it and a lot of people actually believe in the utterly inane * `` once a cheater , always a cheater '' * , so it 's rather dumb to tell people about it outside of anonymous contexts . 
  you might not lie about it if asked , but you 're sure as hell not going to bring it up or share an anecdote in a conversation about infidelity .
