  it 's a small party that 's too radical to get along with anyone , and as a result they have no real say in anything . 
  their statements make for amusing news articles , but they do n't really say anything about swedish politics . 
   the first quote summarize the entirety of the left party . 
  the funny thing is , everyone knows this , except themselves . 
  and it 's reflected in their numbers and influence . 
  they 've got less than 6 % of the seats in parliament and are n't allied with anyone , so they have absolutely no say in anything . 
  they have n't been even close to power since the 2002 election , and even then it was only when the social democrats let them , which was n't very often . 
  the statement is pointless . 
  the left party are a bunch of crazy extremists with little real relevance to swedish politics . 
  in sweden 's case , just give them back to denmark . 
  tell the danes that they should n't have let them come from germany if they did n't want them . 
  disgusting-looking gray goo , mostly . 
   her doctor was telling her she was obese so she was dieting . 
  that seems like something that was made up for the show . 
  or else the doctor is retarded , in which case you ca n't blame bmi for their incompetence . 
  bad doctors are going to give you bad advice regardless of what metric they choose to use . 
   mi is a terrible tool to measure the health of individuals ... 
  it 's a good tool for pretty much every individual ** where there 's any question ** about their weight . 
  you do n't look at a professional rugby player and go `` gee , i wonder if he needs to go on a diet '' . 
  if you have a high bmi due to high muscle mass , it 's usually obvious . 
  you obviously do n't use it as the definitive metric for fitness when hiring . 
  you use it to monitor overall health trends , and to get some idea about where you should be if you 're not sure . 
  well , it 's a war . 
  2 , 3 , 4 , and 7 are pretty much implied just by where they were . 
  1 , 5 , 6 , and 8 do n't apply . 
  so they 're no more guilty of murder than anyone else taking part in any armed conflict anywhere . 
  considering the shared border , i assume there 's also quite a lot of trade . 
  it 's not generally considered to be murder if you 're a soldier and ( think you 're ) shooting at other soldiers . 
  going by the tweets they quickly removed , they believed they were shooting at a military transport plane , which would have been a perfectly legitimate target . 
  i think whoever was in charge of radar is more guilty than whoever fired the missile . 
  it 's not murder if it 's not intentional . 
  they certainly killed them , but i doubt they 'd fire on a commercial airliner on purpose . 
   they want / were promised easy life and money in germany and western europe ... not everyday struggle in eastern part . 
  they might change their minds after a few months in a crowded refugee camp at their intended destination . 
  within a year , they 'll all have realized that they were lied to . 
  after that , there might be some point in redistributing anyone who still wants to stay . 
  no one likes asylum seekers . 
  some people like the * idea * of them , but only from a distance . 
  the sun came up during the cartography meeting . 
  it was n't pretty . 
  you do n't have to go that far north to see occasional really harsh winters . 
  even denmark gets kill-you-in-your-sleep-cold every now and then . 
  i ca n't remember what the vote was about , but it was n't anything particularly important . 
  not something there would have been a referendum about . 
  i think it 's universal . 
  there was some law that passed in sweden a while back that passed because a couple of people from one side forgot about it , so they planned other things . 
  there 's a system to deal with things like that , but it only applies if they actually inform anyone that they 'll be absent , which they obviously did n't . 
  i do indeed have a degree in moneyology from the academic university of education . 
  i do n't live in prague . 
  note the flair . 
   the keyword is layers . 
  specifically layers that trap air , with a wind-proof outer layer . 
  a tshirt , two sweaters , and a decent jacket , and you 're ready for anything non-arctic . 
  with equivalents for other body parts , obviously . 
  it was -25 \u00b0 c here just a few years ago . 
  it 's really not that bad if you prepare for it . 
   you mean 20 , 30 minutes ? 
  nah , -15 \u00b0 c is fun for a few days . 
  the snow gets extremely fluffy . 
  just dress for the weather and it 's fine . 
  you could also bury ice , causing it to last even longer ( especially when it 's a large collection of big blocks together ) . 
  then as the ice in your storage cellar melted , you could just dig up some more and put it in there . 
  so in some sense , refrigerators have been a thing for at least a thousand years . 
   which is the reason why it 's a pantomime . 
  not exactly . 
  having one more measure to resort to while still remaining peaceful gives you a better bargaining position . 
  from the eu 's point of view , it would also be insane to start threatening a gas embargo in the middle of winter . 
  wait until april and it might be more realistic . 
   ... are more important to some people ... 
  it 's easy to say that about anything when it does n't concern you directly . 
  if it costs you your job and leaves you unable to afford to keep your home , you may find yourself caring much less about peace in ukraine . 
  the single biggest one , in fact . 
  without the european market , the european economy would collapse . 
  accept turkey and force russia to join . 
  make the eu more exciting . 
  it worked fine until some other country with a different name and a different flag suddenly showed up and ruined everything . 
   funny how you picked start date of wwii and ending date of cold war . 
  because it was initially about the location of poland , which was invaded in 1939 , messing up the borders . 
  and the end of the cold war is when people would have stopped learning about that east/west divide in school . 
  so that would be the relevant number in the context of people still using it . 
  also it makes for a nice even 50 year time span . 
  she does n't want to make germany multicultural . 
  she wants to accept immigrants , then assimilate them . 
  that has n't exactly * worked * , but that was the ambition . 
  she never wanted to change german culture . 
   it was n't that much long either . 
  i 'd say there 's a pretty significant difference between 1989 and 1939 . 
  especially considering how long cold war era maps stuck around in schools . 
  maybe they 're just still using the cold war divide ? 
  it has n't been for a long time . 
  i was there in 1999 and it was great . 
  it makes sense if you consider how many countries russia borders . 
  even if everyone just goes there once , that 's still a lot of people . 
  the castle is nice . 
  the armory is worth a visit , unless they 've somehow changed it since i was there . 
  they 're just applying the same rules that have applied to danes who want welfare for ages , so if anything this is a step in the opposite direction from that . 
  this just means everyone gets treated equally . 
  swedish newspapers love to whine about denmark . 
  i 've never seen anyone actually express that they care even a little bit , neither online nor in real life , but considering how often newspapers come up with a new angle someone has to be reading it . 
  indeed .
