  `` proof '' is rarely used . 
  an undead vasa , raised from its watery grave , forged with planks from vengeful unliving trees seeking the blood of the living . 
  the sails are probably evil too , somehow . 
  americans or russians depends on the date . 
  russia withdrew from the war just a few months after the us joined it . 
  since the last year has neater technology , that 's sort of justifiable . 
  the french seems to have been excluded simply because they figured the country was famous enough that their dlc would sell but not generally considered important enough that people would refuse to buy the game if they were n't included . 
  do n't forget the brave bulgarians , proud portuguese , great greeks , and raging romanians expansions . 
  and of course $ 15 dlc skins for all the factions that were technically involved but did n't really do anything : china , japan , liberia , brazil , costa rica , cuba , guatemala , haiti , honduras , nicaragua , panama , and thailand . 
  that sounds like the version that 's taught here too . 
  the government wanted to intervene , the people did n't , and the german attempts at making sure there would n't be any popular support backfired horribly . 
  and then everyone just said `` screw this , let 's go make tea '' , and they did , and then there was peace for twenty years . 
  of course . 
  ca n't have a war game without * karoliner * coming in to fuck everything up . 
  give them longships too for maximum historical accuracy . 
  supposedly the focus is on the last year of the war , allowing for more crazy technology . 
  in that case , including russia would n't make sense , as they did n't actually do anything during 1918 . 
  they were busy having a revolution and signed treaties with everyone about a year before the war ended . 
  it does look more like they were held back to be added as dlc , though . 
   this would hit a heavy believer with christian beliefs just as hard as it would hit a heavy believing muslim . 
  it would arguably affect christians less as christian prayer tends mostly take place before meals , before bed , and during sunday mass . 
  as long as no one prevents you from praying at the table in the cafeteria , it wo n't affect you . 
  but yeah . 
  there are places that have non-denominational prayer rooms that have worked out fine . 
  basically just a silent room open to anyone who wo n't abuse it , with symbols on the walls for all the religions that want it . 
  it 's not * that * bad . 
  swedish party leaders are simply announced by the party leadership without any pretense of internal democracy , and there 's not much you can do about it except voting for another party . 
  at best there 'll be a party congress which works out much the same . 
  of course , with eight parties in parliament , voting for another one * is * a serious option . 
   in a battle royale between a group of hooligans and the military , i 'd be leaning towards the hooligans winning . 
  a battle royale between a group of hooligans and the militiary , where both sides bring their own gear , would start with a burst of machine gun fire and then two seconds later the whole thing would be over . 
  there 's a world of difference between the kind of firepower the police has access to and the kind of firepower any modern army has . 
  should you want to , you can easily and effortlessly annihilate a crowd in seconds from any distance . 
  a submachinegun with a magazine of 30 rounds is n't quite the same as a machinegun where you can fire 300 shots without releasing the trigger . 
   we 've got same types of people in poland . 
  they are organising fights with each other etc. 
  the same groups exist in sweden too . 
  usually they meet up after football games and fight the opposing team 's group at some prearranged time and place . 
  there 's a surprising amount of planning and logistics involved . 
  it would be weirder if they * did n't * get efficient at it . 
   who trains them ? 
  you just need one riot-trained policeman joining one group once , then they can just train each other . 
  a lot of it is n't very complicated , and just comes down to having a standard plan that everyone knows and sticks to . 
  it happens every four years . 
  even most idiots can look forward to things and save up . 
  live cheap and settle for the cheapest hostels , and it should be within reach of anyone who wants it . 
  travel costs often come down to what kind of standard you 're willing to accept . 
   its worked to keep the russians in their place the last 100 + years so far . 
  mixed results if you go further back . 
  wars between france and russia have gone both ways . 
   given the advances made in radar and missile guidance systems , what 's the strategic advantage of flying in formation in 2016 ? 
  never underestimate people 's ability to get lost . 
   as the pilot sits in the middle left vs. right hand drive is n't a problem . 
  i 'm sure they found * some * way to mess that up and make it non-standard . 
  to represent people who have a fetish for german grammar ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most people have never heard of atheism + , so that should be a non-issue . 
   i just do n't think it quite qualifies as independence day in the traditional sense . 
  i think it does . 
  it 's pretty similar to the swedish national holiday , in that it basically celebrates leaving a union that the country joined voluntarily , where the country that 's leaving makes up a very large part ( or even most ) of that union . 
  no , it does n't . 
  that would be * superk\u00e5t * . 
  and it 's not pronounced the same way either , unless you intentionally pronounce * superkot * really oddly just to make it `` coincidentally '' sound the same . 
   i just want sweden to lose !, 
  that 's going to happen anyway . 
  we 're happy to even have qualified . 
  actually winning is unthinkable . 
   1 , they are here instead of skyping us from home , asking what would be the most ideal solution , but they 're here * because * we 've been solving the problem inefficiently . 
  we 're going to have to actually deal with it at some point , and waiting is n't going to make that more pleasant . 
  the only thing you achieve by accepting the situation and postponing actually dealing with it is that you might be able to postpone the difficult decisions enough to make them the next generation 's problem . 
   2 , which would take decades to implement on a level sufficient enough to convince the majority of them to stay , anyways . 
  that 's the nice thing about governments . 
  they make laws , and do n't have to actually convince people to like those laws . 
  they just need to be enforced , and for that you only need a treaty with the country you want to build your refugee camps in , not the cooperation of the refugees . 
   the surrounding countries , that are only partly shitholes themselves and even want to help , seem to be burdened by even more refugees , than we have here ( jordan , lebanon , turkey ) . 
  then what about every other country in between and all the countries in other directions that are much closer ? 
  the same money would get far more help to far more people in turkmenistan , so why do they have to travel all across europe to get help ? 
  the fact that they chose to go here is n't much of a reason , as they only did so because the current policies have been going on for so long . 
  better than * not * turning them all in . 
  now it might become harder for others to do similar things in the future . 
   and pretty depressing too , that you have to print your program as a product catalog because people are too lazy to read rather important documents . 
  we do n't actually know that . 
  we just know that podemos thinks that people wo n't read * their * program otherwise . 
  only because you refuse to look at the manual , or figure that you can skip some of the instructions and still have it turn out okay . 
  because wooden plugs are annoying and all you * really * need are two screws , right ? 
   as countries that are safe and relatively wealthy overall , we should welcome those from war torn countries and those who may legitimately fear for their lives . 
  well , that 's debatable . 
  we should certainly * help * those people , but it 's debatable if having them move half a continent away to a country where they do n't speak the language and are unfamiliar with the culture is the best solution for anyone . 
  mainly to keep each other out , which we can only assume means that they were all communo-capitalists . 
   since they are often more about personal selfishness rather than the overall good . 
  a lot of left wing parties have been around long enough that you ca n't assume that their members care about overall good . 
  it 's simply an easy way for people who want power to get power . 
  if the social democrats ( or whoever ) are in power , people who just want to get to the top will join them . 
   and here i thought the special trade deals we have had with many african countries were so we could flood their market with cheap stuff so they could n't build up their own economy . 
  that does n't work if they 're really , really poor . 
  you ca n't flood eritrea with cheap goods because eritrea still ca n't pay . 
  the screwing over is reserved for the bigger , more well off countries that live up to the whole `` developing '' thing . 
   why would they even bother keeping conscripted men in military for decades when they have so many fresh young men reaching enlistment age every single year ? 
  if you want to actually use the troops for anything rather than just have it as make-work to keep people busy , not having to constantly train new people is obviously beneficial . 
  a trained soldier with years of experience is far more useful than a fresh undisciplined recruit . 
  the technology just is n't there yet .
