  if you lived in a tent , you 'd probably take bears more seriously . 
  even with regards to russia . 
  vp would vote against any action because of soviet nostalgia , mp would vote against anything involving the military because they dislike the idea of violence solving anything , sap would vote against it simply because the moderates suggested it , sd would vote against it because no one asked them about it before putting it to a vote ( while everyone else would prefer to pretend they do n't exist ) , fp would criticize it for not being radical enough regardless of what the actual suggestion was , and kd would then vote against it just to get attention . 
  c might vote in favor , but mostly because they would n't have any ideas of their own . 
  the same goes for `` sk\u00e5ne l\u00e4n '' . 
  probably referring mainly to the city of malm\u00f6 , but also nearby lund . 
   aftonbladet is one of the major newspapers in sweden . 
  it should be noted that aftonbladet is about as tabloid as a newspaper gets . 
  they do occasionally get a story right , but unless some other newspaper has also reported on something then it 's not a reliable source . 
  they 'd happily publish a story about carl bildt being an alien if they thought it would sell . 
  the problem is that the various countries do n't actually agree . 
  a `` united '' statement would n't really be worth anything , as it would n't mean that all the countries actually agreed with what was said . 
  the swedish support is especially pointless , given the current parliamentary situation . 
  the government gets to dictate foreign policy but ca n't actually do anything without the backing of parliament ... which they would n't get . 
  there are currently three groups in parliament ( the largest of which governs ) who all love to make a point of disagreeing with each other . 
   this appeal actually happened a month ago about an affair of 2010 ( yes our judiciary is usually that late when numerous appeal are made ) . 
  it seems pretty normal everywhere for cases to drag on for years . 
  everyone needs plenty of time to reply to everything . 
  i do n't suppose you have anything to say about the actual article ? 
  arkansas is not a country and is n't the focus of international news . 
  i 'm also pretty sure most people would at least get the continent right . 
   these people can still vote . 
  i guess that 's one of the main difference . 
  in the uk they do . 
  in the us they generally do n't . 
  or misclicked . 
  you sound an awful lot like an * enemy * ... 
  hopefully * someone * will . 
  does n't really matter who . 
  wishful thinking is a pretty unreliable source , so just because it would be nice if something was true does n't mean you should believe it . 
   that said , who the hell are the people who set on fire buildings in their own city ? 
  seems to be pretty common everywhere . 
  there 's no shortage of teenagers willing to destroy things if given half a chance and any kind of excuse , like smashing the windows of `` capitalist '' stores during riots . 
  no need . 
  `` terrorism '' will have fallen out of common use within a decade anyway and we 'll either be back to the old terms or have moved on to something new . 
  the word is already watered down to the point where it does n't mean anything . 
   why was it not thrown out of court on the grounds of wasting everyones time is beyond me . 
  whoever dragged it to court should be prosecuted . 
  it 's very obviously a nonsense case taken to court out of spite . 
   `` it may seem like an innocent joke , but someone paid 2.5 m hryvnyas ( $ 227,000 ) for this joke , '' says ihor zhydenko , referring to the deposit that must be given along with the application . 
  if costs $ 227k to even be allowed to run for president ? 
  this whole democracy thing is n't exactly getting off to a great start . 
   this alone is grounds for another ~ ~ maidan ~ ~ * rebellion * . 
  the long-time-ago-future . 
  for california , florida and england ? 
  very sneaky . 
  it 'll have little to do once there are no nuclear power plants left . 
  because whether it 's renewable is just one side of the issue , and emissions are usually considered a bigger concern than fuel supply . 
   the anti-nuclear movement in germany is quite strong . 
  give it a decade . 
  with nothing to complain about , the movement will evaporate . 
  if nuclear power is then suggested as an environmentally friendly alternative to coal , they 'll have a hard time mobilizing again . 
   no-one can guarantee a cask storage can be a safe place for several thousand years . 
  it 's not particularly radioactive anymore after the first fifty or so years , though . 
  nah , they 'll just build higher dikes . 
  they 've got the experience . 
   call me crazy , but should n't we really be doing both ? 
  you could , but more realistically you should be focusing on whichever one gives the best return for the money invested . 
  measurements like this will really only show investments in more clean energy , though . 
  part of the reason scandinavia does so well on this is because the cold winters meant that energy efficiency was a concern long before green energy was a concern . 
  it 's already been pushed about as far as is economically feasible , and so all the money is spent on clean energy . 
  and hydroelectricity , of course . 
  the [ other eta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eta ) . 
   because that 's bigotry and hate crime . 
  so it 's okay to throw anyone in jail over anything as long as you make sure to come up with a fancy term for it first ? 
  making exceptions when it suits you lol, 
   ... and the main driver for that greed is money ... greed has been around far longer than money has . 
  wanting more than you have is a beneficial trait for survival , and we 'd never get very far in terms of civilization if we were ever content with what we had . 
  sometimes it goes too far , but it 's still the same basic drive for `` more '' . 
  not too ironic . 
  you could want cooperation without wanting full membership . 
  you could also want to use eu membership as an incentive for the turkish government to improve . 
  and the main reason it was n't close to joining the eu was because everyone knew about this stuff long before these things became large scandals in international media . 
  the reasons now are the same as they were a few years ago . 
  a fast track sounds like it would be terribly open for corruption . 
  it 's already hard to judge the stability of new governments and they 're not necessarily governments you actually * want * in the eu . 
  it 's most likely something that was on the agenda already , but which is an easier sell to both the home public and other countries due to recent events . 
  it would be so much better with the [ finnish `` special '' lion ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ae/coat_of_arms_of_finland.svg ) . 
  note the date . 
  or possibly guided by satan . 
  i 'm not saying they 're right , just that it 's irrelevant if they are . 
  they 'd get the same media coverage regardless . 
  are you sure you 're not secretly nigerian ? 
  the banks will invest the money , so it should be fine . 
   noone would give a fuck about us like they did n't give a fuck in 1939 . 
  you missed the part where everyone declared war on germany because of it ? 
  no one was really in a position to go on the offensive at the moment , but you ca n't really say that they did n't care . 
  the nuclear deterrent is n't much of a deterrent unless you 're willing to go all out mad again , which i do n't think anyone is really up for . 
   he will have to face a europe united . 
  being united does n't help much if no one has any military forces to contribute . 
  having the moral support of other countries is nice and all , but it 's useless the second someone decides to use military might . 
  the issue is that there 's more than one definition of `` wet '' . 
  water arguably makes * other things * wet , but is not itself wet . 
  if you add water to a towel you get a wet towel . 
  if you add water to water you get lots of water , but it does n't become `` wet '' in the same sense as the towel . 
  i doubt it . 
  pretty much everyone seems to engage in some form of on-and-off exercise . 
  and incredibly stupid , but i guess it 's better that idiots incriminate themselves than that things go unreported . 
   i made a huge mistake ... 
  i read youtube comments .
