  we 're not even close to doing anything like that . 
  we do n't even really know what 's causing aging , and ca n't even begin to try to slow down or stop the process . 
  in 200 years , * maybe * , but that 's too late to matter . 
   any increases to retirement age are defacto reductions of pensions . 
  sure , but by that logic any increase in life expectancy that is not met by a matching increase in retirement age is a de facto increase in pensions . 
  they 've been increasing for decades now at a rate that 's not really sustainable . 
  i think that would be terribly optimistic , and really amounts to `` let 's ignore this problem and hope that some new technology magically solves our problems before they get out of hand '' . 
  if that ends up not happening , you 'll be utterly fucked . 
  if it ends up happening , you can just give people more money once they do retire . 
  will they have much choice ? 
  if life expectancy keeps going up , you really only have three options : work longer , get less when retired , or pay more taxes your whole life . 
  that 's just a matter of bringing enough zeppelins . 
  because people keep violating those laws , without the courtesy of informing the police about their intentions in advance . 
  sometimes the best solution is terrible , but all the other options are even worse . 
  this would n't be a problem if people could just get along , but they ca n't . 
   the issue is the targeting of a religious minority . 
  it 's targeting a small minority within that minority . 
  it 's far too uncommon for this to be considered an anti-muslim thing . 
  a swimming pool could maybe get away with some kind of argument like that , but `` you 're making the sea dirty '' is a rather hard sell , yes . 
  sure , but do they have pompous latin names and candles and incense and chanting and stuff ? 
  who needs santa maria when you already have santa marino ? 
  for a sufficiently loose definition of `` based on '' , no . 
  you can always find some minor similarity between any two holidays . 
  it 's the olympics . 
  they 're all genetically altered one way or another anyway . 
  the usual : i switch to whatever side is less popular at the moment . 
  * some * immigrants disrupt the peace . 
  that does n't mean they should * all * leave . 
  try to get 200 m longbow accepted as one of the archery events . 
  ... if counting at a particular point halfway through the olympics . 
  without knowing how that conversation went , it 's hard to say who was being more unreasonable . 
  up until someone showed up with a harpoon , anyway . 
   i am proud of the locals . 
  did n't last long . 
  it only took them a day to start attacking random immigrants as `` revenge '' . 
  judging by the comments here , it seems to be mostly upset ukrainians and appreciative russians . 
   but if most people were reasonable there were no wars at all . 
  depends on how you define `` reasonable '' . 
  wars can be very beneficial for some people involved . 
  it 's the olympics . 
  the whole point is to forget all the politics for a while and just compete . 
  regardless , the fact that two countries are at war does n't mean that every citizen has to hate every citizen of the other country all the time . 
  just accept that it 's arbitrary and argue from there . 
  if you try to tell a racist that there 's no such thing as race , they 'll just think you 're an idiot arguing semantics in order to avoid having to discuss the actual issues , and all your time will have been completely wasted . 
  if you accept that they believe that there are races , you can at least make sure their views are a little more informed and hopefully make their world view a little more nuanced . 
  it wo n't make them stop being racist , but nothing you could possibly say will . 
   this legitimises the basic ideas at the heart of racism . 
  sure , but they have more ideas than just racism as part of the `` racist package '' . 
  the most important one being that among whites there are leftist commie immigrant-lovers who are just as bad as the brown people . 
  in order to be able to reach out to them * at all * you need to avoid coming across as such a person , because if you say things that they interpret that way then you 've also validated their worldview . 
  well , people * do * have different skin colors . 
  that 's a thing . 
  even if you do n't read a bunch of other things into that , it 's still annoying when people get such basic facts wrong . 
  if you 're going to irrationally hate certain groups of people , the least you could do is get the facts straight about which people belong to those groups . 
  because it 's annoying when people seemingly confuse iran with iraq . 
   the whole continent of europe used to be different before refugee crises and right-wing parties taking over . 
  when your only two political options are pro-even-more-immigration parties and far-right parties and the immigration policies clearly are n't working out very well but no politicians are willing to do anything about it ... well , you unsurprisingly end up with a lot of support for far-right parties . 
  if anyone was willing to actually take a position in the middle then we would n't have this mess . 
  the point was that reddit were sure they found the guy who was guilty , and went with that . 
  unfortunately the prime suspect was n't even alive at the time , so reddit 's suspicions were about as wrong as they can get . 
   10 comments into this thread and i was already reading a discussion about whether or not iranians are white . 
  there 's not a lot to discuss . 
  it just depends on what definition of `` white '' you use . 
  indo-european ? 
  yes . 
  european ? 
  partially , but how much people smoke , drink , and exercise will make a big difference . 
  road safety is also a huge factor . 
  with all those volcanoes around , there 's no point in adding * more * smoke . 
  you can still be # 1 at ancient columns that no longer serve any purpose ? 
  denmark is always lowest out of the nordic countries , so it 's not just random error . 
  danes just like to smoke and eat unhealthy , but exercise enough to not fall behind * too * much . 
  pork in general , sure , but not when it 's deep fried pork eaten as snacks . 
   finland has mountains ( at least compared to denmark ... sure , but the ocean has mountains compared to denmark . 
  they do n't even have anything that would be considered a proper hill elsewhere . 
  it 's just enough to be annoying when riding a bike , but not enough that you get a view . 
  some countries like alcohol . 
  others live it . 
  but do n't do this . 
  it 's how we end up having to deal with vampires . 
  plan in advance and relocate * before * you die . 
  just repost it showing only eu countries . 
  and the other half is dead . 
  not okay , just not very surprising . 
  did anyone expect anything else ? 
   well . . half of the world is below average . 
  and a lot of the above average ones are n't so great either . 
   have any of the terrorist attacks been performed by people in burkas ? 
  in europe ? 
  none that i know of . 
  in the middle east ? 
  plenty . 
  are you suggesting we sit around and wait for people to die before we start to do anything to protect those people , or are you suggesting that if something has n't happened in europe then it has n't * really * happened ? 
  i think the main difference might be that we 've now come so far that we can recognize sexism in other cultures without being called racists . 
  there 's more nuance , and you can do something that 's seemingly `` against '' a group in the interest of helping certain members of that group , even if it might make very many unhappy . 
   has n't russia always dreamed about ruling anatolia ? 
  sure , but it 's not going to ever actually happen and he ca n't convince people that it will , so it 's a non-issue as far as putin is concerned . 
  the region used to be orthodox * way * back , but it 's been muslim for eight hundred years now . 
  it 's not going to switch back during his lifetime . 
   well , there are a bunch of people who would , and there are a bunch of people who would make informational videos out of it , making the whole thing accessible to a higher amount of people .
