  everything is archived . 
  that means it can take a while to sort things out , but it will be sorted . 
  meh , they chose to stay . 
  giving independence to people who do n't actually want it would be rather odd . 
   well i do n't know about the origin of the english word ... 
  but ... people just mentioned that . 
  like five times . 
  the origin of the english word `` slave '' is from the latin word `` sclavus '' , which itself came from the word the slavs used about themselves . 
  no one is saying that slavery originated from slaves being enslaved . 
  just that the word `` slave '' originated from the word `` slav '' , back in roman times . 
   oh yeah i remember all those slavs that were taken from africa ... 
  i take it you 're unfamiliar with the concept of [ etymology ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/etymology ) ? 
  the roman empire also predated the transatlantic slave trade by about two thousand years . 
  can you find any serious source saying that 's * not * the etymology ? 
   phone providers do this in the uk due to parental pressure . 
  unless those are french parents pressuring them , that 's still england doing silly things . 
  former yugoslavic republic of mesopotamia ? 
   so not only are they the cradle of western civilization , but of civilization in general . 
  that 's a bold claim . 
  i thought most of the world agreed that iraq ( i.e. 
  ancient mesopotamia ) was the cradle of civilization . 
  try scandinavia , and you 'll find pretty much the same thing . 
   surfing and beaches are an attraction regardless . 
  you do n't cross an ocean to go to the beach , though . 
  i think a lot of people from further south do n't quite realize just how big and empty the north is . 
  their idea of a forest and the swedish idea of a forest are entirely different things . 
  it 's a little bit of both . 
  there are no people or roads because the land ca n't be used for anything , which often coincides with places where travel is naturally slow ( marshes , mountains , forests ) . 
   do you want trade sanctions ? 
  considering putin is imposing his own trade sanctions ... probably yes . 
  as long as he can blame them on someone else , they can work in his favor . 
  you can always use the upcoming release of civilization : beyond earth as a reason not to play other civilization games the next two months . 
  puerto rico has a population of 3.6 million . 
  africa has a population of 1.1 billion . 
  that 's ten times more than the entirety of mexico . 
  there 's a pretty big difference in scale here . 
   i do n't know if they formed a dynasty like the normans , though . 
  [ they did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rurik_dynasty ) . 
   if sd continues to eat votes from alliance , they might not win for a while unless they finally give up their rule of no collaboration with sd . 
  if the social democrats get to be in government for a while and are seen as not doing much either , they 'll be the ones to lose votes . 
  right now , * not * governing is possibly the best parliamentary position . 
  working with sd is going to be necessary eventually , but the first party to do it is going to get stuck in a media shit storm . 
   ... the fact that 40-50 % want less immigration ... hell , swedish media ca n't even report that statistic without going insane . 
  when reported , the `` same as now '' and `` more '' options end up grouped together to give the impression of the `` less '' option being in the minority , even if more people answered `` less '' than `` more '' . 
  it does n't even matter what a journalist actually thinks about these things . 
  for most , writing anything else is simply career suicide . 
  not one that has a majority in parliament , no . 
  they might not need that - the previous government did n't have a majority either - but it 's going to be tricky . 
  the red-green coalition from 2010 has fallen apart . 
  anders borg said right from the start that he had no interest in being in opposition . 
  he might be back if the alliance wins in four years . 
  the election results were mostly the same as four years ago , except that the moderate party lost about eight percentage points to the sweden democrats . 
  the other parties in government remained stable . 
  clearly a lot of people were very displeased with the moderates ' immigration policies . 
  that change was enough to make the social democrats the biggest party/bloc after eight years with a moderate government . 
  reinfeldt ended up resigning the same night . 
  the us is not nor has it ever been in a comparable situation . 
  mexican immigrants are at least generally literate and speak a language that a sizeable number of people in the southern us speak , and are still not very welcome . 
  they definitely have a choice . 
  the options just are n't very appealing . 
  i 'll take `` ways to lose an elections in three words '' for five hundred , alex. 
   all these people are potential scientists , geniuses all of them ? 
  really ? 
   if you ask me , i would give authorization for coastal guard or the army to use lethal force against any boat that comes to european coastal waters and tries to escape . 
  the only way to stop human trafficking is to kill the human traffickers . 
  that might just make them even more motivated to get away faster , and even less inclined to leave any living witnesses that could identify them . 
  no thanks . 
  you can keep them . 
  the fact that it 's worth it for the people on the boat does n't mean that it 's worth it for people in europe to accept those people . 
   the mess in libya is our fault . 
  the current mess , perhaps , but it was a mess before that too . 
  the whole reason we intervened was because there was already a civil war . 
  it 's not fair to lay the blame for the situation entirely on the west , because it 's been a mess for a very long time . 
   i admire your adamance in trying to present to a mule facts that it will never ever understand . 
  maybe if you actually argued the point instead of just saying `` this is how it is '' with absolutely nothing to back it up other than the fact that some random person on the internet ( i.e. 
  you ) said it , people would have an easier time understanding . 
  and it 's somehow france 's fault if african countries do n't ? 
   because europe is the destiny of these people . 
  i assume you mean destination , but still do n't see how that makes sense . 
  if i plan to travel to mongolia but get stopped in russia for not having a travel visa , is it really mongolia 's responsibility to fix it ? 
  i did n't even tell them i was coming , and if i had told them they would probably have recommended that i either apply for a visa or stay at home . 
  it 's kind of hard to fight during winter due to the snow , and the farmers had to be home during spring and autumn . 
  further south , i think winter was the season for war . 
   do you really , really think v\u00e4nstern voters publicly picked up sd 's ballots ? 
  if yes , i think we 're done talking . 
  do you have any experience at all with what voters actually do , or are you just trying to argue against me based on assumptions ? 
  because i 've worked in the last seven swedish elections and do n't have to actually assume or believe anything . 
  i 've seen what people actually do at the ballot stands . 
  i 've seen how many sd ballots get used up during an election and i 've counted the votes at the end of the day and seen how many ended up being used . 
   interesting how your familiarity does n't extend itself to acknowledging your fellow swedes in this thread . 
  check the edit . 
  they 're simply mistaken . 
  when the majority of voters grab multiple ballots , there ca n't really be any stigma attached to grabbing multiple ballots . 
  people just get paranoid about being judged when they do n't realize that everyone else also does the exact same thing , regardless of who they vote for . 
   in fact , there 's a lot of this bully mentality about people who vote for sd . 
  is that normal in sweden ? 
  unfortunately , yes , but that has nothing to do with the election system . 
  again , you can just grab a blank ballot and write any party you want on it , or even grab a party ballot and cross out the name to write in a new one . 
  votes are counted manually ( all open to the public ) , so you can improvise if you want . 
  and perceiving sd as the village idiot does n't change the reality of them having 49 seats in parliament now .
