  when you start with medication , you risk having it treat your exhaustion and lack of motivation before it fixes your unhappiness , which leaves you deeply unhappy and motivated enough to actually kill yourself . 
  it can be a dangerous combination . 
  depends on the drug and the individual . 
  used right , the medication will take away the symptoms with few side effects . 
  keep in mind that depression does n't always make you * sad * ( though being depressed does tend to make you unhappy ) . 
  depression can instead leave you constantly exhausted and incapable of feeling motivated without interfering with your mood . 
  it varies . 
   they should march them through a migrant ghetto in marseille or malmo ... 
  they 'd probably just be encouraged . 
  [ this is what the worst `` ghetto '' in malm\u00f6 looks like ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/@55.5879542,13.0458097,3a,75y,85.59h,76.22t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sjapvz1pqulp3_jqvxoz6gg!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo0.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3djapvz1pqulp3_jqvxoz6gg%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d19.220686%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=en ) . 
  it 's street view , so you can look around . 
  there 's really nothing remarkable about it at all outside of statistics . 
  you could pass through it and never know it was supposed to be a bad place . 
  i 'm surprised storgatan is only at # 9 . 
  too bad it does n't include squares , because stortorget would definitely win . 
  i think every swedish town has a stortorget or stora torg . 
  that would probably make it harder to learn for people who are n't from the north , though . 
  it 's also not surprising considering that they were a part of the roman empire for a very long time , which other german speaking countries mostly were n't . 
   sounds very close to the dutch word for diaper ( s ) , luier ( s ) , even though it looks very different it goes both ways . 
  trying to learn dutch , i quickly found that while it can be hard to figure out what a word is just from looking at it , it 's usually pretty obvious when you hear it . 
  dutch feels like 1/3 swedish , 1/3 german , and 1/3 english , only with a completely different way of spelling things . 
   when a name ends with - a ( l\u012bga ) , or - e ( krist\u012bne ) , you know the lass is probably latvian . 
  i think this is pretty widespread . 
  in italian , - a and ( situationally ) - e denote any female name or word . 
   i think it 's the same . 
  it 's fundamentally different in what the countries stand to lose . 
  for the east , this is seen as a matter of survival . 
  for the west , it 's mostly prestige . 
  the eu could choose to just fortify the border and not allow anyone in , but ca n't choose to relocate russia to a safer distance . 
  there are plenty of people on the far left ( and right ) who are basically caricatures of themselves . 
  the issue is n't that people exaggerate , but that they take the opinions of the extreme fringe as being representative of others as well . 
  then again , the left does have a history of never really criticizing the far left no matter what they do or say . 
   is n't iceland pretty much known across the world for its beautiful nature ? 
  depends on who you ask . 
  a lot of people will say the nature is pretty depressing . 
  almost nothing growing anywhere . 
  the endless grass and moss makes it look a bit like a huge golf course . 
   they give human beings a shelter ? 
  and food ? 
  they give * some * human beings food and shelter . 
  still waiting for homeless people to get welcomed the same way . 
  no one seems to be interested in helping groups that are n't trendy . 
   well , germany is one of the few nations that fully payes for the un refugee camps . 
  in contrast to the swedish model of cutting down on foreign aid when domestic immigration goes over budget ... 
   of course if the committee keeps this up , we wo n't have to act . 
  they will destroy themselves . 
  i think it can be argued that this already happened . 
  the peace prize has been a joke for a while . 
  who himself was not kissinger tier . 
  when members of the peace prize committee resign in protest , it 's probably not a very good choice . 
  calling her feminist in the title ( i know it 's from the article ) seems rather silly . 
  she 's an old social democrat and not exactly radical . 
   wikipedia says she was a `` physical chemist '' so i 'm not sure what kind of sciencing she could have done with fishermen . 
  physical chemistry is a pretty broad field covering anything from plastics to engines to quantum mechanics , so there are countless possibilities . 
  it seems more likely that this is about politics , though . 
  the tastiness per calorie ratio is pretty bad , so meh . 
  it 's not worth the extra exercise required . 
  trees * are * the view . 
  you do n't need a coup if you control parliament , just say something vague about how agreeing to it somehow violated the constitution or whatever . 
  i 'm not saying that 's a good approach to signing treaties , but i 'm saying the option is always there . 
  for countries , there 's no such thing as an agreement you ca n't back out of . 
  even if the agreement includes penalties for withdrawing , you do n't really have to care about them since you 're not part of it anymore . 
   if newcomers does not respect the law then solution is easy . 
  and if they 're * not * newcomers then it 's quite difficult . 
  you ca n't just kick out citizens , especially if they were born in the country and have no other citizenship . 
  explosives are old news . 
  we had biker gangs shooting at each other with rocket launchers in the 1990s , blowing up each others ' buildings and such . 
  same shit now . 
  given its geographical location , it 's inevitable that a lot of smuggling of every kind will go through malm\u00f6 . 
  but do n't get involved in that and no one will try to blow you up . 
  most ( all ? ), 
  of those are from latin , so they may be familiar even with no knowledge of english . 
  they 're not `` you get murdered '' bad . 
  just `` slightly higher chance of something happening '' bad . 
  the point is that any stories you read in the news are from the same neighborhoods , and nothing ever happens anywhere else . 
   so because the left do n't commit ( or get accused of ) a certain crime you take that as an indication that the associated law is meaningless , or what ? 
  the law is pretty much written to be used specifically against the far right , and it 's * in addition to * any other crimes committed . 
  if you beat someone up for being an immigrant , you 're not * just * charged with it being a hate crime . 
  you 're also charged with assault . 
  that 's why it skews the statistics . 
   the so called autonoma r\u00f6relsen are non-violent on paper . 
  they frequently demonstrate that not everyone who identifies with the movement actually follows that ideal , especially if the target of that violence is wearing any kind of uniform . 
  most are n't violent , but it 's a very large group so if just 1 % is , then that 's a lot of people . 
   then you go on to discount hets mot folkgrupp ( which is usually a violent or violence-implied crime ) for some arbitrary reason . 
  because it 's pretty much defined to be a crime that only the far right can ever be accused of . 
  someone from the far left can do the exact same things and not get charged with * hets mot folkgrupp * because the law arbitrarily does n't include some things . 
  if you assault someone because of their sexuality , that 's both assault and hmf , but if you assault someone because of their social class it 's only assault . 
  if you include that in the statistics when comparing far right vs far left , the results wo n't be representative . 
  barely even that , as you can game the system by choosing what to research or write about . 
  some types of articles get cited more than others . 
  people doing science in english have an english bias . 
   i think it 's a valid university critique if its staff can not publish in english . 
  that does n't apply to law , literature , history , linguistics , or much of social science . 
   rankings value english universities , therefore the market values them too which leads students to compete for those and universities getting better quality students . 
  i 've never met anyone in any natural science field that wanted to go to the uk to study , though . 
  going to the us , germany , or france , definitely . 
  but never to the uk . 
  the rankings always come across as a list of universities that love to cite each other , rather than universities that others cite . 
   british academia is one of the best in the world ... according to the british . 
   `` this is not talked about in the media '' which is comical considering it 's a one hour program from svt , which is about as mainstream as anything can get in sweden .
