  the federation clearly needs a monarch . 
  presidents are * so * 18th century and droll . 
  monarchs are timeless and stylish . 
  ruled by the internationalsocialist party ? 
  the first galactic europe . 
  no point in making a map where the netherlands are under water . 
  we all know that 's not going to happen , even if you have to use the entire alps for dike material . 
   there is , as you should already know , a highly successful rock band from the 80 's which has already staked its claim to that moniker . 
  i 'm sure their claim will expire at some point . 
  we 'll just have to count down until it finally does . 
   ueucs a bit worryingly close to `` eunuchs '' . 
  or at least call it the european federation . 
  i do n't see how calling it the use makes anyone happy . 
   you 'll back down way before this at the sight of the first cars burning in s\u00f6dert\u00e4lje . 
  no one in s\u00f6dert\u00e4lje is going to care one bit about this . 
  they 'll burn the same number of cars regardless of what 's happening , because the kids doing that have zero interest in politics . 
  they just like rioting . 
  then they get bored and stop when the police does n't show up to chase them . 
   denmark has dispensed with the principle of double illegality in cases of female genital mutilation , such that it is also illegal under danish law to have the mutilation performed in another country even though it may be legal there . 
  the same applies in sweden . 
   do n't get your hopes too high ... no one will go to prison . 
  more likely , most of them will . 
  it 's not as if anyone involved has any money or influence to get them out of it . 
  looking at the list of wealthiest countries ( per capita ) you also have qatar , kuwait , brunei , the united arab emirates and oman . 
  whether you like it or not , monarchies across the world are doing just fine . 
   am i the only one who still loves the monarchies ? 
  i suppose it depends on the monarch . 
  the spanish monarchy does n't seem to be particularly likable . 
  the scandinavian monarchies are n't particularly controversial , though . 
   you have countries that are always at war or that `` bring freedom '' to other places marked as medium . 
  a whole bunch of dark green countries also have been involved in several conflicts in the past few years . 
  it seems a bit odd that you can get involved in civil wars elsewhere and still keep your shiny rank . 
  the country is pretty peaceful . 
  it just happens to be full of people who fund wars elsewhere . 
   i can sum it up with three words : depends entirely on what `` job '' you got . 
  i would sum my service up as setting stuff up , guarding the stuff , then packing the stuff back up again . 
  `` stuff '' in this case being radio masts , tents , generators and camp defenses like mines and machine gun emplacements . 
  i served in the command platoon of a mechanized air defense company , in case anyone is curious . 
  [ mtlbs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mt-lb ) with [ rbs70 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rbs_70 ) surface-to-air missiles . 
   so you can go ad hominem on the source ? 
  questioning the qualifications of a person [ is ** not ** an ad hominem attack ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ad_hominem ) . 
  it would be ad hominem if i said the person was ugly or had weird taste in movies . 
  it 's not ad hominem to question whether someone actually knows anything about the subject they 're commenting . 
  i would n't take a divorce lawyer 's word on nuclear safety , just like you should n't trust things i say about marital law . 
   ... all pro-nuclear experts are employed in the nuclear sector too , it 's hard to get someone to denounce their employer . 
  it does n't have to be a nuclear power expert . 
  there are plenty of nuclear physicists who work in other fields than nuclear power , like medical radiology or particle physics research . 
  surely they ca n't all be involved in some grand conspiracy to promote nuclear power ? 
   actually all the time . 
  can you name anyone ? 
   and no , it 's not a circular argument because that was not my argument , just something to illustrate it . 
  but it does n't illustrate it at all . 
  the fact that something is controversial does n't prove anything at all . 
  the creationist `` teach the controversy '' campaign drove that point home pretty well . 
   just look at all the plants of radioactive waste , all the drama every time one has to be built , etc. 
  you do realize that your argument is circular , right ? 
  people are upset because the waste must be very dangerous , as proven by the fact that so many people are upset over it . 
  most people do n't know enough physics or biology to really be able to form an informed opinion on the matter . 
  they just think nuclear power is bad because they 've heard seemingly trustworthy people say bad things about it . 
  but honestly , when was the last time you heard anyone who with an education relevant to the subject expressing a negative view of nuclear power ? 
  yes . 
  if wind and solar really were cheaper , they would n't need subsidies to compete . 
   nuclear plants can because humans are fallible , short-sighted and greedy creatures . 
  there is no remedy for that . 
  if there 's no political remedy for that , how can it be politically possible to encourage anything other than nuclear power ? 
  either humans will be greedy and short-sighted regardless of what you do ( in which case you ca n't control what kind of power gets used ) or you can politically counter the greed of humans ( in which case nuclear power could work fine if sufficiently regulated ) . 
  now do one with mining accidents !, 
   they also seem to live in a fantasy world where nuclear waste is n't a thing . 
  so just like wind power proponents who seemingly believe wind turbines spring out of the ground fully formed ? 
  solar and wind * do * produce a lot of waste , though . 
  they 're excellent while operational , but their construction is n't always that environmentally friendly ( think trucks and bulldozers ) and their operational lifetimes are often relatively short . 
  nuclear power plants do n't produce much waste compared to how much power they output over their lifetimes ( which is a * very * high amount per plant ) . 
  i think you overestimate how dangerous and long-lived radioactive waste really is . 
  anything with a short half-life will decompose into stable isotopes on its own pretty quickly . 
  anything with a long half-life is harmless , as it only actually emits radiation when decomposing . 
  it 's not as if the word `` far right '' really means much anymore anyway , as it gets applied to far too many parties . 
  clearly you were n't being american enough . 
  you obviously shoot while riding on the back of a pickup truck . 
  it would n't get very far into russia either way . 
   now i am beginning to think they just really like statues . 
  who does n't ? 
  with online newspapers , it 's not really an `` either or '' situation . 
  the guardian has a lot of articles . 
  most of them just do n't get upvoted around here . 
   in them , obesity is a disability . 
  no , in them * their medical conditions * are disabilities that in turn cause obesity . 
  consider them disabled because they have a diagnosed disease that makes them overweight , not simply because they 're fat . 
   i would n't necessarily call it a disability , but there are also clinical reasons why people are fat . 
  not every obese person binges on sugar . 
  sure , but those reasons can be diagnosed separately . 
  if you actually suffer from such a condition , you can be diagnosed with * that * as a disability rather than just being bunched up as `` generically disabled '' along with everyone else who is overweight . 
  i think that 's a better solution for everyone - both the people who ca n't lose weight and the people who could if they were sufficiently motivated . 
   so fair weather can be a menace to british society ? 
  in theory , but it has never been sunny long enough for anyone to find out . 
   i 'm definitely not moving into france then , i would have a competetive disadvantage . 
  being `` exotic '' is usually an advantage , though . 
   is a native finn not drinking coffee , only tea , shocking enough for you ? 
  i think you should just trade places with the brit before someone gets a heart attack . 
   a lot of flavours , especially in darker ales , are enhanced by the slightly higher temperature . 
  pretty much all of them .
