  at least not anyone in iran , and they 're the ones who get to decide what laws will be enforced . 
  * someone * has to show the savages how it 's done . 
  colonialism , take two . 
   great to see people so quick to defend iran 's awful laws , who is defending the laws ? 
  people are just saying that it 's * really stupid * to go to a foreign country and expect their laws to not apply to you , just because you * disagree * with those laws . 
  it 's childish at best . 
   dont compare a butt with a finger . 
  you do n't have to * like * the law to accept that iranian laws apply in iran . 
  you ca n't just go to a country and decide that you 're going to ignore some laws because you disagree with them . 
  that attitude gets you arrested in every country ever . 
   did women asked for it ? 
  women * do * get to vote in iran . 
  but it does n't matter who wrote the law ; not there , not anywhere . 
  the law is the law , and if you do n't like it then do n't go to iran . 
   in return how about we enforce an equally draconic rule , where all muslim men have to wear crucifixes the size of a baboon 's head everywhere they go ? 
  if you do that then sure , you get to force them to wear that . 
  but if you do n't , you do n't get to complain . 
  and even if you do , that still wo n't let you ignore iranian laws that you happen to disagree with . 
  are you implying that he is * not * the immortal god-emperor of mankind ? 
  or are you saying that the 2000 figure is much too low ? 
   who determines these borders ? 
  some people two thousand years back or so . 
  i do n't know if there 's even any record of when it started , but it has remained unchanged for a very long time . 
   where does europe stop and asia begin ? 
  the border between the two is ( from west to east ) the mediterranean , the bosporus , the black sea , the caucasus mountains , the caspian sea , the ural river , and the ural mountains . 
   a lot of europeans dont consider russia as europe . 
  does n't really count if their motivations are political rather than geographical . 
   why is azerbaijan sometimes considered european ? 
  because the northeastern parts of the country extend north of the caucasus mountains , which is the traditional southeastern border of europe . 
  so part of azerbaijan is in europe . 
  and while the capital is in asia , it 's only about 50 km from the `` border '' with europe . 
   this content does n't belong in / r/europe anyway ... 
  the incident happened in asia , but one of the countries involved is partially within europe , so it 's debatable . 
  only if you believe that you have an obligation to enforce your idea of international law by bombing anyone you disagree with . 
  diplomacy has its merits too . 
   well , if no one cares about gender identity ... not * no one * . 
  but * most people * do n't care . 
  and since they do n't care , they rarely comment or even think about it . 
  the few people who do care are the ones who will actually say anything , causing them to seem more numerous than they really are . 
   also , language has always been a reflection of what `` shit '' people make up over the years . 
  but it 's usually made up because there was a need for a new word , or because people gradually shifted to pronouncing something differently . 
  attempts at introducing brand new words for what is essentially political reasons have generally not been very successful . 
  you might get people to use it in the news for a few years , but actually getting a new word into popular use when most people do n't see the need for it is kind of hopeless . 
   learning a third pronoun is n't exactly quantum physics . 
  learning it is easy , but actually getting into the habit of using it is n't . 
  and few people see any point in doing it anyway . 
   why not ? 
  because learning something new takes work , and very few people care enough about the subject to actually relearn it . 
  and as long as most people stick with the old ways , the new ways will continue to be considered wrong by the majority . 
  no one really cares about your gender identity , though . 
  it 's rarely relevant . 
  no one really cares that much about your sex either , but language requires that it 's specified . 
  making up gender-neutral words does n't change that , as you ca n't just make shit up and expect everyone else to just go along with it . 
  and if that 's the case with you , you may identify as non-binary . 
  otherwise not . 
  and either way , that 's rare enough that it 's absurd to get upset over pronouns . 
  it 's not written down in any law , which makes it sort of unofficial . 
  there 's no competition for the title of `` national anthem '' , though , and if an anthem is to be played then it 's always that . 
  so it 's the * de facto * national anthem , but there is no * de jure * anthem . 
  something being weird does n't mean it should be illegal . 
   du gamla du fria has no official anthem status in sweden . 
  it has an `` unofficial '' status that 's recognized by everyone , including the government , so the distinction is pretty meaningless . 
   they appeared in only a few song books in the early 1900s and have n't been used since . 
  lots of people still sing them . 
  mainly nationalists and various far right groups , but also university students in some places . 
   generally you only sing one part of your anthem . 
  most anthems are full on songs that last minutes . 
  and in some cases only a part of a song is the actual national anthem . 
  * du gamla du fria * is five or so verses , but only the first two are the swedish national anthem . 
  some people still make a point of singing the rest too , probably in part because of the more patriotic lyrics . 
  do n't they always say that ? 
  they ca n't say a threat is imminent , or they just cause panic , and they ca n't say that there is no threat , or they 'll get the blame if something does happen . 
  the only thing they really * can * say is that things look okay now but can turn ugly at any moment . 
  scottish gulags confirmed . 
  if you assume that it 's the second letter that 's wrong , you get a strong leader d ** e ** preciation thread , which makes sense . 
  it means the opposite of what was probably intended , but it makes sense . 
  they 're obviously only being demolished so that even bigger ones can be build instead . 
  i 'm hoping that past the current point , they 'll start using numbers instead . 
  they do n't need to ban it if they can detect it and not show content to anyone who uses it . 
  right now that just leads to people going somewhere else , but if it became widespread , the plugin might become unusable . 
   the day they will succeed ... ... someone will write a new plugin and the cycle starts over . 
  panorama shot taken by a drone flying up and forward . 
  quickly moving the camera results in weirdness . 
  moving the camera * up * results in non-euclidian weirdness . 
  that curve up there looks pretty scary . 
  going up would be fun , but i 'm not so sure about coming back down again . 
  doable , i suppose , but not my thing . 
  or maybe that 's the point where it becomes an * actual * selfie , since you 're both the photographer and the motif ? 
   so i 'm guessing that any photo with yourself in it these days is considered a ` selfie ' . 
  but it 's not yourself if you 're not the one taking the picture ... then it 's someone else 's photo , which happens to have you in it . 
  or is it a selfie if a google street view car happens to take a picture of you ? 
   100 % of the time its a nation-loving native who is mischaracterized as such by the evil left . 
  to be fair , a lot of the time it is . 
  that crowd tends to come across as far more radical than they really are . 
  they usually do n't agree with * all * of the ideology , but since so many people instantly reject them if they agree with * any * of that ideology , they do n't really have much choice in who they hang out with . 
  it 's so progressive , it 's gone full circle !, 
  no one said that . 
  it 's also not really something that has been going on in modern time . 
  so a grand total of [ three incidents ever with more than one death ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_nuclear_and_radiation_accidents_by_death_toll ) relating to civilian nuclear power . 
  the rest are related to nuclear weapons ( like kyshtym ) , nuclear submarines , research , or hospital radiology .
