  shrugs . 
  here they mostly scream , ineffectually try to punch each other , then get exhausted and dragged away by their friends . 
  it happens at least once per week right below my window , but it 's very rare that anyone actually gets hurt . 
  nonsense . 
  there are no lamp posts in cities in 2030 . 
  only around the homes of people who can afford them . 
  2030 : imf recommends getting rid of wages altogether and reinstating serfdom . 
  in sweden , i 'd nominate [ slussen ] ( http://gfx.aftonbladet-cdn.se/image/14057035/600/normal/8f89e9eb0bcf2/slussen2.jpg ) in central stockholm . 
  in addition to being an ugly concrete mess that 's impossible to navigate , the whole construction is very run down and has been scheduled for renovation for decades ( but local politicians ca n't agree on the details ) . 
  at least the cooling towers are colorful . 
  that 's always something . 
  all of those could have been from here , including the malformed shopping blob . 
  not the same people processing them , so it wo n't matter . 
  still a waste of tax money , of course . 
  from what i understand , no one ever banned it . 
  they just stopped serving it because it was n't financially justifiable . 
  if you have to stick to a budget and most people are vegetarians , it would make economic sense to do so . 
  you might choose to serve meat anyway on principle , but doing so mean spending more money on food . 
  nonsense . 
  we need cyborgs . 
  i do n't think most of them saved enough money for a return ticket . 
  if you extrapolate it far enough , germany will have an infinitely large population and will * still * need more immigrants every year . 
  it does n't fix anything in the long-term , but the population will keep growing . 
   how can it solve demographic problem , if 80 % of migrants are male ? 
  it ca n't solve it regardless . 
  the immigrants will grow old , and then the next generation will require even more immigrants , and then even more , and at no point will the problem actually be solved . 
  but at some point there just wo n't be resources to support the exponentially growing population . 
  it turns out that even southern sweden gets extremely cold during a remarkably mild winter ... 
   there 's always room for bias sure , but there 's a ** huge ** difference between unintentional bias and intentional bias . 
  it 's not possible to report 100 % objectively on anything , but that 's not an excuse to purposefully report in certain ways in order to convince people of certain things . 
   i actually enjoy the extreme cold ( -10 \u00b0 c or below ) ... 
  i 'm just saying that the only people who care about the geographical middle of sweden are the people who live there , and only because they know that they 're really remote compared to every major population center . 
  the population-middle of sweden should be somewhere around j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping . 
  maybe a gold star and some sparkles for extra excellent countries . 
   the amount of it they export is nowhere near enough to get out of the hell hole they 're in . 
  but with a devalued currency , it could be . 
  it 's not a guaranteed fix , but it 's a potential solution . 
  different kronor , though . 
  ca n't make it too easy for people . 
  nonsense . 
  you 'll never be nordic if you slow down !, 
  checking the rgb values , greece is ccc and ukraine is cc . 
  no country on the map is c. 
   s&p gives often lower a bit lower rankings . 
  which at times does make them more accurate , as others have a habit of being overly generous with aaa ratings for western countries . 
  nice to see a map that actually gets the eastern border right . 
  you can argue that denmark does n't count as the mainland , since so much of the population lives on the islands . 
  i think roughly half of denmark 's population live on zealand . 
  and the new national dish is waffle-filled baguettes ? 
  they did most of the conquering , but they were all brits . 
  the region eventually ended up belonging entirely to the empire . 
   but when their past `` achievements '' include oppressing millions of people then they should at least try not to express pride in that they 're not proud of the genocide . 
  they 're just proud of the empire overall , even if it involved a lot of less-than-honorable events . 
  and you do n't have to agree with the idea of conquering other peoples to admit that the feat itself is impressive . 
   it would be actually impressive if they had conquered someone their own strength . 
  the conquest of india was extremely impressive . 
  the indians outnumbered them to a ridiculous degree and had muskets and cannons . 
  that conquest was more about clever politics than military might . 
  relatively gone . 
   you could clear that with a multi-billion infrastructure project ... ... but if you tried , you 'd have every environmentalist in the world screaming for blood . 
  he 's a dane . 
  both attributes go without saying . 
  and then vomited all over the north sea . 
  because of oil rigs , presumably . 
   dampfschiff i 'm pretty sure they do n't use those there anymore . 
  but what about the parts of sweden north of g\u00e4vle and the parts of finland north of helsinki ? 
  there are at least three or four people living there , and i 'm sure one of them has a boat . 
  when almost all of the population live by the coast or along rivers or lakes that are connected to the sea , there 's not really much point in building any canals . 
  there 's really only one significant part of sweden that does n't have shipping access anyway , but that 's rocky highlands so it would n't work out all that great anyway . 
  judging by the windows , it 's near the top of the ship . 
  it never sank completely , so this room may never have been underwater . 
  i 'm starting to suspect that sweden is at the top of the list largely due to norwegian sabotage . 
  something like 98 % of sweden 's population live south of sundsvall , though . 
  the population density drops to almost nothing north of stockholm . 
  the traditional definition of europe stretches to the ural mountains , and down from there to the caucasus . 
  not south of the mountains , though , so i think the only country in the region that 's ( partially ) in europe is azerbaijan . 
  vitryssland in swedish . 
  literally `` white russia '' . 
   bah , foreigners see the all these `` sz '' letters and shit their pants probably because it 's almost impossible to pronounce in most germanic languages . 
  it 'll sound more like a swarm of angry bees than a word . 
  well , that 's accurate . 
   sz\u00e1szorsz\u00e1g it 's like someone made that up just to mess with foreigners . 
  it means to keep vigil or watch over something . 
  it 's been about 400 years since anyone used it for any reason other than trying to seem smart ( or like here , by accident ) . 
  you should have talked to the immigrants about what is or is n't acceptable . 
  since they do n't listen to women , that 's your responsibility . 
  the fact that they wo n't actually understand a word of what you 're saying is no excuse . 
  they 're deflecting blame onto anything and anyone as usual . 
  the politicians on the left have been quiet , but journalists and others have been saying even dumber things than usual . 
  if they 're kind of short and sort of glowy , pretty much . 
  the details vary , as there was n't exactly an established folklore canon . 
  mostly just general themes . 
   i would much prefer the centrist parties coming to there senses . 
  it 's slowly happening , but probably too slow to make much difference . 
  the politics of the past few months would have been unthinkable a year ago , but the media attention that the migrant crisis got made at least some politicians realize that sd would win the 2018 election unless something drastic was done . 
  at the same time , after a decade of anti-sd rhetoric they ca n't just change their minds overnight , nor can they ever admit that they were wrong . 
   you have racists and reddit on one side . 
  your case is n't really helped by calling everyone who disagrees with you a racist , especially when you 're discussing statistics that are n't even directly related to race . 
  even people who actually agree with you will disagree with you on principle . 
  at this point you could just replace the word `` racist '' with `` dickhead '' , because you 're just using it as a blanket term for people you do n't like without actually * knowing * ( merely assuming ) anything about their political views .
