  i bet they even got them to do it together !, 
   the amount of downright cheating was astonishing , swapping out boxes , ruining the right papers to get the right outcome etc. 
  the general idea is to keep the whole thing open to the public , so that if you think someone will cheat then you can stand there and watch everything they do . 
  in some countries it 's inconsistent . 
  you gain the right to vote in swedish local elections if you 've lived in the municipality for x years , but you never get the right to vote in national elections if you 're not a citizen . 
  i believe `` x '' varies depending on whether you 're an eu citizen or not . 
  if you 're a citizen and move out of the country , you lose your voting rights in local elections , but can still vote in the national elections if you go to an embassy or consulate . 
  the time frame for this is quite generous ; you can drop by a month or more before the election day and vote . 
   and if you want to look at voter fraud you can just look at the cities where people vote 10 times and no one stops them . 
  only if the system is terrible , and with a terrible system like that you 'd have the same problem with electronic voting . 
  at least we can conclude that pimpin ' refugees is probably really difficult . 
  unlikely . 
  no one can actually understand british accents , so it 's hard to know for sure if they 're really speaking english . 
  and as long as there 's uncertainty , there 's no identity crisis . 
   ( eagle screech ) of course , [ that 's not what they actually sound like ] ( https://youtu.be/pq2umauybow?t=36s ) ... 
  up here , you should see what wildlife does to cars ... 
  the viking solution was to take them all as slaves and put them to work in the fields and mines . 
  maybe that ? 
  i think the eu would be rather upset , though . 
   islam may be a backward religion by western christian standards but being from the same ` branch ' and 600 years younger its where christianity was in the dark ages and therefore has an awful lot of catching up to do with modern europe and its christian tradition . 
  this comparison does n't really work , as the history of the two religions has been ** completely ** different . 
  christianity started out with small persecuted congregations , then became adopted as the state religion of a huge preexisting empire , and then fractured into various groups . 
  islam started out as the state religion of what became an empire , which then expanded as a theocracy , and subsequently fell apart into countless smaller states that kept the religion . 
  it 's just entirely different right from the start , so the relative age is meaningless . 
   swedens border guards are short of staff so they wo n't stop vehicles with many passengers in them . 
  they regularly check trains coming into the country , so that 's hardly true . 
  there 's just little point in stopping people at the border . 
  you can stop people at the bridge rather than waiting for them at malm\u00f6 station just means you have to pay for transport that the migrants have already paid for themselves . 
  it wastes money and helps no one . 
  these people should n't have been able to reach the swedish border in the first place if every country along the way had n't conveniently looked the other way , so it 's hardly sweden 's fault . 
  keep in mind that the overwhelming majority does n't belong to either of those groups . 
  most people are against both political arson and political censorship . 
  but the viking way was to get on a longship , sail somewhere else , then capture people and bring them back ... 
  but `` meese '' is just applying the logic of `` goose '' to `` moose '' . 
  it 's not really that interesting . 
  the plural is `` moose '' . 
  because life would be too easy if every plural form was actually * different * . 
   sweden 's military capabilities are better than most small european states . 
  was better . 
  it 's been going downhill ever since the cold war ended . 
  not much left anymore . 
   which i think would be a valid question . 
  that 's also a question without any good answer , though . 
  no one really knows for sure , because it 's such a controversial issue that any poll that 's not completely anonymous is unreliable , and even then it 's such a complex topic that it 's hard to ask meaningful questions . 
  apparently it 's back now . 
  the `` this is muhammed '' comment was removed when i posted it , so it showed up as [ deleted ] user saying [ removed ] . 
   you have any stats on that ? 
  i 've * seen * recent stats on it , but ca n't find the link , unfortunately . 
  it was in swedish anyway . 
  overall the differences were n't huge , and both sides were guilty of a little bit of everything . 
   haram !, 
  remove !, 
  ah , the irony of seeing [ deleted ] [ removed ] above this ... 
   they do n't beat the shit out of people ? 
  except when they do . 
  they 're also far more fond of riots , breaking and entering , industrial sabotage , and arson than their right wing equivalents . 
  of course , every one of the millions of tiny groups found on the far left will tell you that those other people are n't * real * leftists . 
  how about i give you [ a link instead ] ( http://bordershopsassnitz.stenaline.se/ol-cider-lask ) ? 
  swedish ( and danish ) beer sold to swedish shoppers in northern germany . 
   it would really simplify the cycle of finnish beer being transported to estonia and finns traveling to estonia to buy the finnish beer back . 
  we have the same thing with swedish beer being exported to and reimported from denmark and germany . 
  if you go to helsinore you can even visit all-swedish liquor stores with swedish staff . 
  personal use includes hosting really wild parties where you supply all the liquor . 
  so it is theoretically possible to use up 3600 liters in a year ... kind of . 
  it 's not a very plausible claim , but it 's not * entirely * impossible . 
  11,000 liters , however , is a ridiculous claim . 
  that 's over 200 liters every weekend . 
   there will be massive budget cuts due to the immigrants arriving this and next year . 
  budget cuts do n't equal cruelty . 
  when someone already has more than 99 % of the world 's population , forcing them to make do with slightly less ( but not so much less that they fall out of the 1 % ) is hardly cruel . 
  it 's not as if they had done anything at all to earn or deserve that money anyway . 
  i actually looked it up after posting and concluded that while swabia was part of the hre in 1422 , there indeed was no emperor that year due to a recent war of succession . 
  the hre had a ruler , but between ~ 1410 and ~ 1430 he did not use the title of emperor . 
  it felt silly to go back and edit the comment , though . 
  by decree of the holy roman emperor , no less . 
  it 's missing a crucial part , though . 
  she 'll also take all your money and send it to greece . 
   but using the cold as a gamble is inhuman . 
  it 's not really a gamble if there literally is n't anywhere else to house them . 
  there 's really no way around the fact that it gets cold up here in the winter , and that if you have n't prepared for winter when it comes around then you 're in for a bad time . 
  ... which reminds me that i need to buy new boots . 
  well , not really . 
  apparently trying to evict even one person makes international news when you get taken to court . 
  it does n't seem to be working too well . 
  but who could possibly have anticipated that october would be colder than september ? 
  i bet next you 're going to claim to be able to predict whether november and december will be colder or warmer than now . 
  yes , but there have n't been more than about half a dozen in ... ever . 
  much of it ( like this ) is just articles following up on the police investigations , not new attacks . 
  the actual attack mentioned in this article happened this summer . 
  no idea . 
  i do n't know what they sell for or how much they had to pay to get them . 
  there also ca n't be all that many potential buyers , so it 's possible ( probable ) that it 's just one guy smuggling them . 
  there have n't really been that many detonations ; they just all make the news . 
  it 's not great , but it 's also quite some distance ( ~ 25 km ) from the city proper . 
  you ca n't really end up there by accident . 
  the same way you buy cocaine ; from someone who smuggled it into the country ( or resells it ) . 
  yeah , kids these days have no sense of style . 
  when i grew up , people were using grenade * launchers * . 
  you could speculate that it might , but there 's nothing pointing to it . 
  even when they could sway local elections , voter turnout is still far lower than for other groups .
