   i see that social democrats will almost definitely win it . 
  so far the outcome is still uncertain . 
  the s+v+mp coalition from four years ago has fallen apart , while the alliance between m+c+fp+kd who are currently in government are still going strong . 
  either way , the likely outcome is that neither coalition can secure a majority . 
  regardless of who actually wins , they 're going to have to cooperate with the opposition to get anything done . 
   what 's their stance on the war in ukraine ? 
  the social democrats changed their minds three times on whether sweden should participate in the libyan intervention , so it 's hard to say . 
  even if they do say something , they might say the opposite a few days later , then change their minds again . 
  they have n't been very consistent when it comes to foreign policy . 
  but as i mentioned before , no one is going to be able to secure a majority in parliament anyway so it 'll all be constant compromises . 
   or are they simply those hip people who 's never been outside a city or had a physical job in the hours outside 8am-4pm ? 
  it 's the kind of thing that only someone who has never lived outside of central stockholm could come up with . 
  unfortunately , there are quite a lot of such people in swedish media and politics . 
   btw , if you have time , how accurate is this piece in the danish newspaper politiken . 
  he seems the writer has the biggest metaphorical boner for fi ( not an actual one though , that would be misogynistic ) judging by the polls i 've seen , fi has no real chance of getting into the swedish parliament . 
  they can get voters in the eu parliament when voter turnout is relatively low and there 's little at stake , but with the upcoming election looking like a very close run between the social democrats and the moderates , people will be much more hesitant to vote for a `` fringe '' party . 
  i also think the author severely overestimates the party 's influence on politics . 
  rather than other parties being influenced by fi , i think it 's more accurate to say that those parties are influenced by the same general feminist movement that inspired fi . 
   got any hilarious stories about them ? 
  their party program is basically a random assortment of wild ideas . 
  vegan food in all kindergartens , abolish all copyright , no one should ever have to travel more than 15 minutes to reach anything ( do n't ask how that makes sense , because it does n't ) , ban all car traffic in cities , all freight transported by train ( again , do n't ask how ) , six hour workdays for everyone , completely free immigration , etc. 
  it 's basically a list of ideas that members had , without much thought given as to whether it 's practically possible and no thought at all given to how to finance it . 
  they 're pretty good at pr , though , and plenty of people vote for them without really looking into what they actually stand for . 
   i mean the catalans are very different to the spaniards and even if others do n't think they are , that should be up to the catalans to decide . 
  same thing in finland when i 've been there , at least in the countryside . 
  if you visit someone 's home , food is non-optional . 
  part of the problem is inconsistent quality across the country . 
  if you 're lucky you 'll get a great education . 
  if you 're unlucky you 'll get nothing . 
   as someone who has lived ( and worked ) in rothenburg and been to neuschwanstein , i 'd say go to neither . 
  i thought rothenburg was kind of neat , but i guess it might have become more tourist-infested since . 
  i definitely agree on not bothering with neuschwanstein , though . 
  the place looks amazing from a distance , but that 's about it . 
  it 's pretty boring up close so just look at some pictures of it and do n't waste time going there . 
   that gave me an image of the queen jumping the fence at an raf base and taking a typhoon for a joyride i 'm going to assume you mean a [ hawker typhoon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hawker_typhoon ) and not a [ eurofighter typhoon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurofighter_typhoon ) . 
  the queen would obviously go for an old propeller plane . 
  i do n't know if it formally has one , but it 's always `` die schweiz '' . 
  unless 51 % of the population were rioting , that does n't necessarily mean anything . 
   something suggests if russia had basic freedoms for at least the past 10-15 years if would be a totally different country by now . 
  probably , but it has n't . 
  people would n't have voted for putin if they did n't think his leadership necessary , but they do so they did . 
   way to go russia - self-sanctioned !, 
  that could be the point . 
  impose sanctions that make people upset but which have little economic impact , then blame the sanctions on the west ( who did sanction russia first ) . 
  so basically just buy tankers full of polish milk , package it , then sell cartons of milk to russia ? 
  except for that one polish guy who * did * go into space . 
  i think most swedes are only just barely aware that gothenburg even exists , and would n't even consider making fun of it . 
  it 's out of the way and easily forgotten about . 
   they are one of the few things in german which actually never take a grammatical gender . 
  except switzerland . 
  because reasons . 
   ... and there 's a running joke about people taking their shovels to the border of sk\u00e5ne and digging , thus physically separating it from the rest of sweden . 
  i think it 's mostly people in scania who make that joke . 
  that 's because half the people in uppsala are from stockholm . 
  everyone elsewhere in the country makes fun of stockholm , both northerners and southerners . 
   most swedes have an unmotivated `` hate '' for russia . 
  i would say that it 's more wariness than hate , and as ukraine can tell you it 's not exactly unmotivated . 
   if swedish parents want to scare their children they will say that `` the russians will come and take you '' ( annars kommer ryssen och tar dig ) . 
  i 've never heard anyone actually say that . 
   if those rockets had landed in poland and killed people , then we would be at war against these separatists . 
  and with a member having been attacked , all of nato would be obliged to assist . 
  it would be a very short war . 
  telling them `` this is a gun ; it 's used for shooting '' could qualify as military training . 
  the question is how much training , and who trained them . 
   nato would puss out and let it happen . 
  putin would n't let it happen . 
  he could just withdraw support from the separatists . 
  that 's one of the advantages of not officially having any troops there . 
  ideally you 'd do both , but weapons shipments are less politically complicated . 
  an independent kurdistan wo n't last long unless they have a well-equipped and experiences army , unless a significant permanent nato presence is established ( and i do n't think anyone really wants that ) . 
  huh . 
  the same word exists in swedish too , spelled * f\u00f6n * . 
  it seems to have been a word meaning `` warm wind '' long before that , though . 
  [ apparently from the latin * favonius * ] ( http://g3.spraakdata.gu.se/saob/show.phtml?filenr=1/77/149.html ) . 
  he already stealthily took a couple of other regions . 
  when it was poland 's turn , he had expended the world 's patience already and was n't going to get away with anything . 
  before the us , actually . 
  the combined gdp of eu members exceeds that of the united states . 
  i do n't really see how that would work logistically , unless putin desperately wants alaska or something . 
  he 'd probably end up in conflict with china or the eu first , both of which would be equally final mistakes . 
  but this is a pointless single statistic chosen only to cause people to make false assumptions . 
  it 's the most common name because it 's * extremely * common within one small group , not because that group is large . 
  if you want to see religious and racial demographics change , look at the actual demographics and not one particular statistic . 
  in the king 's defense , those farmers were in open revolt against him at the time . 
  i guess that depends on how you define `` peasants '' . 
  swedish kings used to love getting the support of the farmers to go against the nobility . 
  probably a bit of a special case , though , and most of those farmers had more land and money than the average peasant elsewhere . 
  it 's definitely unusual . 
  it makes sense , but hardly something you see every day . 
  only when sold domestically . 
  they would n't really be the most arrogant if they did n't vote for themselves as least arrogant . 
  at the same time , they know how others see them . 
  seems fair . 
  when everyone has voted either for you or themselves as most trustworthy , i think you get a pass as `` two out of three '' on it . 
  for anyone curious but too lazy to look it up , a * j\u00f6kulhlaup * is a glacial flood . 
  as you 'd expect , a volcanic eruption under a glacier results in that glacier melting . 
  meh , finland is just eastern sweden . 
  they already did . 
  no one cared or even noticed , as predicted . 
  i guess they have a choice between aligning with russia or china , but nato is pretty much out of the picture .
