  only if you think their goal was to end the civil war . 
  this makes perfect sense if you think their goal was to ensure that assad was n't overthrown any time soon , while still leaving him reliant on russian aid . 
  if the war ends , he does n't need russia anymore . 
  yeah , he does n't really need assad to * win * , just not lose in the near future . 
  it says `` north korea '' as the alt text . 
  that 's one area where the swedish school system is getting it right , actually . 
  they 're actively combating grade inflation . 
  the grade system was revamped a few years back largely to fix that problem . 
  those crazies did n't get enough votes to enter parliament . 
  the people you want to convince are mostly naive idealists suffering from particularly bad cases of confirmation bias . 
  they * can * be argued with , but you 'll need overwhelming evidence to do it . 
   a cat v has 252 km/h + sustained windspeed , which is ridiculous . 
  it 's basically `` double hurricane '' . 
  252 km/h is 70 m/s , which is roughly twice the wind speed of the worst dutch storms . 
  scandinavian storms usually stay below 40 m/s , but the worst ones go higher ( like * hilde * in 2013 at 56 m/s ) . 
  yeah , you occasionally get the same thing in plenty of places . 
  hurricanes coming in from the north sea are pretty common in norway , denmark , and southern sweden . 
  and since you switch sides , it 'll even out !, 
  unless it blows sideways . 
  then there wo n't be much of a game . 
   we need something to guide us . 
  it should now be economic , because i believe that is the direction what we are heading in now , but it should be spiritual . 
  the problem with that is that spiritual direction inevitably ends up being either what someone tells us to do or irrational actions based on what emotions we happen to have in the moment , which has a long history of ending in disaster . 
   ... here we drink wine with the local priest . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's a sacrament . 
  even protestants kept it . 
  seems like the most german approach possible . 
  who needs catchy titles when you can have single sentence summaries instead ? 
  or people like to pee on euro coins and drop them in the subway . 
  we clearly ca n't do that . 
  they already have a counter to drones . 
  what we need are special forces seagulls . 
  i do n't really see how being charged with attempted murder would be an improvement when you 're just facing minor charges for operating an unauthorized drone . 
  it seems very counterproductive . 
  to keep borders closed against select countries that are seen by some member states as problems . 
  looks quite peaceful . 
  aside from the first picture , the fence is clearly just symbolic . 
  it would be replaced with regional treaties . 
  there were plenty of those before schengen . 
   how do you know it 's shitty before you hear it though ? 
  we assume that if your life was actually interesting , you 'd be living it instead of talking about it . 
  and if it 's less interesting than our lives , why would we care to hear about it ? 
  i 'm perfectly content to sit there and contemplate other things in silence . 
   so are various other structures , such as skyscrapers and most post modern architecture . 
  which is why it 's almost impossible to get a permit for building that in many european cities . 
  have fun trying to build a skyscraper anywhere near central stockholm , for example . 
  not happening , precisely because people care about the skyline . 
  it would have to be far enough away from the center of town that it 's not visible . 
  probably because the masturbation jokes are n't really jokes , just `` lol masturbation '' . 
  kind of like three year olds and fecal matter . 
  simply mentioning it with no context is the most hilarious thing ever . 
  the extra sunlight hours and short nights help a lot , yes . 
  it gets surprisingly warm . 
  if the protest is large enough , there 's probably at least one person involved who speaks english as their first language . 
  and by tap dancing you mean knocking your knife against the wall of the sauna , right ? 
  fairly small market share . 
  you 'll see two dozen coops and icas for every lidl , as well as multiple hemk\u00f6p and willys . 
  there are lidl stores in sweden too . 
  not very many , though . 
  i 'd say that 's a no-go in all scandinavian countries , and probably all the baltic countries too . 
  everyone will assume you 're either crazy or on drugs . 
  or both . 
  multiculturalism made everyone become stronger people , more willing to fight for justice . 
  obviously . 
  blondes , mountains , fought against the soviets in ww2 . 
  it 's basically finland . 
  just waiting for iceland and we 'll have nordic bingo . 
  block java script and it loads . 
  you may not want to read the article anyway , of course . 
  it works fine with noscript running , yes . 
  the article loads and the ads do n't . 
   but if you want to see the really juicy stuff ... ... blind dating probably is n't for you . 
  researching people online before dates may let you skip some doomed relationships , but it 's going to ruin the good ones before they get started too . 
  considering how many people post pictures of their kids on facebook today , you 're part of the last generation to actually get to choose . 
  if you grew up now there 's a chance that anything you did up to the day you realized you might not want it all online is already online . 
  everyone already assumed that anyway . 
  except for the `` black '' part . 
  there are n't that many people in sweden who are actually black . 
  no , just a highly misleading title . 
  pretty much no part of it is accurate . 
   then why include the gender in police reports ? 
  this is n't about police reports . 
  it 's about press releases . 
  the ethnicity and description will still be included in the report and the investigation . 
  it just wo n't be included in press releases . 
  unless it 's relevant , anyway ; this is more of a guideline than a ban . 
  it 's only in stockholm and it does n't apply to police reports . 
  it 's basically just an internal memo about what information to include when posting press releases on the local police 's homepage . 
  the title is always misleading when it comes to sweden and immigration . 
  seriously . 
  the government 's policies on immigration are absolutely retarded , but so are the headlines about them around here . 
  it 's only in stockholm , it 's not a ban , and it does n't say you ca n't describe criminals . 
  it 's an internal guideline for handling press releases ( * h\u00e4ndelsenotiser * ) . 
  they still report the ethnicity and collect witness statements ; they 're just encouraged to not include that information in any press release . 
   how much longer until sweden bans collecting any kind of information ... 
  this is n't about the police * gathering * that information , but about them * releasing * that information to the public as part of the investigation . 
  it 's still retarded , but it 's not as if the police does n't report it internally . 
  and everyone already assumed that a suspect with no particular description of their appearance looked middle eastern anyway . 
  that 's not exclusive to ethnicity . 
  pul applies to pretty much any information that 's not absolutely necessary .
