  the chinese should start a lucrative opium business in the uk too , on general principle . 
  it wo n't be fun , but they 'll be fine . 
  just like how the us dollar is safe because americans are n't * actually * going to default on their loans no matter what . 
  people love to predict doom and disaster , but it 'll mostly just be a major inconvenience . 
  but does he have salmon to offer ? 
  well , they also make the buildings a bit easier to find . 
  but i doubt there was a meeting where people sat down and decided to spend a few million on a tall tower as a first step towards cultural conquest . 
  not a thing outside of hospitals in switzerland , so that 's a fabricated issue . 
  they were born here , but this particular law is recent , so for most of their lives it would n't have existed . 
  thus it does n't really matter if you 're born in the country or not ; it 's a new restriction either way . 
  neither are appropriate things to have covering your face when you go to the bank . 
  this is actually troll power armor , cleverly disguised as an oil platform . 
  it 's the only way a troll this size can move around without causing suspicion . 
   ( and by we i mean humanity , of which i 'm a part of so ... ) / r/totallynotlizardmen, 
   gdp based on current exchange rates is , however , utter bullshit . 
  not if you want to spend money internationally . 
  the price of butter in the local corner store does n't really affect you negotiating position for international trade agreements or your ability to order others around . 
  ppp is only meaningful if you 're looking at gdp/capita , but that 's not what this is about . 
  there are a bunch of naval ones , like master and commander and the horatio hornblower movies . 
  lost the war , lost all the territory , and lost the will to try again . 
  there is a 213 m chimney , though . 
  that should count . 
  nice . 
  it works as both a tall joke and a drugs joke . 
  united in units and in agreement about which side of the road to drive on . 
  at least it 's something . 
   furthermore , soviets were in afghanistan on behalf of legitimate afghan government . 
  well , `` legitimate '' . 
  i do n't think anyone other than communist countries recognized them , and even they only did it as a pretext for an invasion . 
  at the time it was a choice between talibans and communist dictatorship , with no other realistic options . 
  at the time , the talibans seemed preferable . 
   i 'll be downvoted to hell ... 
  the voting tends to be more favorable if you do n't lead with that . 
  it 's the reddit equivalent of `` i 'm not racist , but ... '' and anything you say after that will seem bad . 
  he probably would have had a much harder time ascending if the only thing he had to work with was a bunch of homeless people who did n't speak the local language . 
  `` established regimes '' in this case being `` soviet puppet regimes aiming to turn the country into a soviet-controlled dictatorship '' . 
  the us did n't start this mess . 
  they might be more open to it if they did n't already have enough problems with illegal immigrants . 
  taking in refugees on top of that would n't suddenly make the illegal stream of immigrants stop , leaving you with twice the intended number , so that obviously would n't be very popular . 
  arnold is a pretty good example , though . 
  he 's from another continent , has a different native language , and speaks with a very obvious accent . 
  yet somehow he got elected governor of the most populous state . 
  that would n't happen in a million years in most countries . 
  regardless of his movie star status . 
  they 're not considered immigrants , though . 
  perhaps the fact that * everyone * is obsessed with their immigrant ancestry ( or being texan or whatever ) is why it 's easier for immigrants to be accepted as american . 
  when everyone is also something else , it 's hard to argue that the nationality is something you inherently are , rather than something you become . 
  language is a big factor too . 
  no one will consider you to be genuinely swedish if you do n't speak the language fluently without much of an accent . 
  you can get away with being pretty much any ethnicity as long as your swedish is flawless ( which it wo n't be unless you 're born and raised in the country ) . 
  nor should they . 
  it would be ridiculous if someone far away from any fighting is considered a refugee simply because the border happens to be drawn that way , while someone in moldavia or belarus who are closer to the fighting do n't even get considered because there 's a border in between . 
  if the troops involved respected borders there would n't have been any war to begin with ... 
  that 's true , though . 
  workers from a country with lower living costs * are * able to out-compete domestic workers , simply by being able to work for wages that you ca n't live on if you have to stay in the country . 
  banning those workers wo n't necessarily result in a bunch of better paid jos , but wages are never going to go up as long as they 're an option . 
  it 's not the foreign workers ' fault , but the locals do end up getting screwed . 
  they probably would n't even have to pay all that much more . 
  just make the conditions less shitty , and stop spending so much effort trying to avoid all labour laws by having everything be a temporary part time thing with no job security . 
  there are plenty of both up north . 
  but a significant part of the american population are republicans , so that 's still a very , very large number of people . 
  more than the entire population of many ( most ? ), 
  european countries . 
  scotland , sure , and northern ireland might suddenly feel motivated to be part of a unified ireland ( though if they join the eu , being independent should be fine ) , but wales ? 
  that 's part of life . 
  you 're still stuck with what you chose . 
  that uncertainty should have factored into your decision . 
  perhaps , but it means you ca n't fault him for leaving . 
  he did n't choose to . 
  he basically got kicked out . 
  that would n't be entirely fair . 
  the scots voted to stay . 
  it 's their own fault that they 're caught up in this mess . 
  they may have voted to remain now , but they previously voted to continue having such matters be decided largely by non-scottish voters . 
  and a few years later they 'll be teenagers and strongly supporting the opposite of their parents ' political beliefs . 
  i think it evens out . 
   as much as i support their cause if it was a right wing group protesting migrants there would be uproar . 
  only a twitter uproar , meaning three people made angry comments about it . 
  people have always brought kids to protests , simply because it 's convenient and the kids usually enjoy it even if they do n't know what it 's about . 
  it 's not like the presence of the kids lends any weight to the demonstration anyway . 
  it 's not `` really clear '' . 
  it 's possible to decipher , sure , but it 's an atrociously bad sign unless the goal was to cause confusion . 
  it 's more of a word puzzle than a message . 
  switzerland sits there in the middle as if to illustrate this point as clearly as possible . 
  probably the rural eastern parts bringing down the numbers . 
  and i bet they 're still wealthier than their neighbors . 
  that 's how it always goes . 
  whenever [ insert ideology i like ] does something bad , it 's because it 's not * real * [ ideology ] and they did n't do it right . 
  when [ insert ideology i dislike ] achieves something good , it 's because they somehow cheated and it does n't count because it 's clearly not * real * [ ideology ] ( if it was , it could n't possibly get good results ) . 
  probably depends on the light . 
  looks like it 's made of dark gray stone , so it 'll range from medium gray to black depending on the season and time of day . 
  paint the cathedral too while you 're at it . 
  if they 're being released and allowed to attend the rest of the festival ( they might still be suspects ) , they definitely would n't release their identities regardless . 
  that 's a recipe for disaster . 
  if they were released , it means the police do n't think they 'll commit other crimes or try to leave the country before the trial . 
  they might still be suspects . 
  but releasing people is the standard thing to do ; you need very strong reasons to keep someone locked up until their trial . 
  arrests mean nothing in this context . 
  even if they * are * guilty , it 's not reasonable to fire someone over something that could never be proved . 
  you ca n't really ruin someone 's whole career just because they were accused of something .
