  you 'll just gradually shift from * `` these old people are stuck in the past and vote wrong '' * to * `` these young people have no idea how the world works and vote wrong '' * . 
  old people are prejudiced and conservative . 
  young people are inexperienced and naive . 
  people in the middle think they 're neither while really being both . 
  there 's no winning . 
   it worked perfectly and no one was complaining about that i do n't think there has ever been a traffic light anywhere that people did n't complain endlessly about . 
   shame so few people seem to know how to drive on them . 
  i think that 's one of their main advantages : it 's harder to screw up in one . 
  still possible , but when incoming traffic can only come from one direction and every lane is heading the same way , there are fewer opportunities for getting it wrong . 
  and since it 's primarily reckless drivers getting killed , the reckless driver population goes down faster than the overall population . 
  they 're not the * only ones * getting killed , but they 're overrepresented . 
  they 'd be screwing themselves over far more than they hurt anyone else . 
  the point was that china can only compete in ppp adjusted gdp , i.e. 
  the amount of stuff the chinese can buy in china , while still being * miles * behind in nominal gdp , i.e. 
  the amount of stuff the chinese can buy on international markets . 
  the real problem is that much of chinese growth is caused by having an artificially undervalued currency , making it easier to export . 
  it unfortunately also makes the yuan worthless as a reserve currency . 
   taken together you 're talking about the vast majority of the human race . 
  but not the vast majority of human money , which is what counts in this case . 
  needs more aks . 
  you mean that sk\u00e5ne should sell the rest of sweden to norway ? 
  because life with a disability was n't bad enough already ... 
   do n't you mean backfiring ? 
  give it a few weeks , and there may be both backfiring and firing back going on . 
  that does n't sound so bad . 
  the swedish parliament is full of people with no relevant education , as the social democrats have historically favored `` real work '' experience over academia . 
  five years as a carpenter supposedly made you better suited to politics than five years studying economics or political science . 
   so many people = more chance to build this kind of things . 
  in it , it could be a combination of language and scale . 
  russia is a large market that 's largely inaccessible to outside competition due to language barriers . 
  supporting ukraine is nice and all , but i 'm sure most people would n't want to do it if it meant 5 % lower pensions or whatever . 
  people only approve of sanctions when there are no significant repercussions . 
  it 's amazing that the government does n't adopt ( and enforce ) a `` inside folders only '' policy for documents . 
  it kind of has to be gin for the union jack , does n't it ? 
  very drunk friends , judging by that flag . 
   and this one is just for my own entertainment well , he talked about fighting on the beaches and in the fields , but he never mentioned fighting in the ski resorts . 
  i do n't even know if britain has any . 
   just the other thing to add in , that document is the document published , the only step remaining is confirming its authenticity . 
  thats a long way away from some blog conjecture . 
  it 's still just rumor , though . 
  it may be true , but we 'll have to wait and see to find out . 
   heres the ** alleged ** plan here . 
  until the authenticity of the report can be verified , it 's just a rumor . 
  nothing more . 
  there will be plenty of time to be upset about what he * might have * done later . 
  for now , focus on the fact that he 's gone and what to do next . 
  `` caution : dinosaurs '' . 
  or it 's , you know , not english . 
  if we 're going to spend money on namesakes just for the hell of it , we could start by building a [ europium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europium ) statue in brussels . 
  which is why most eu citizens want it to be a union between sovereign states , not a federation . 
  sometimes power projection * is * self-protection . 
  you ca n't always sit at home and hope for the best . 
  lviv is the english spelling . 
  lw\u00f3w is the polish spelling . 
  `` northern sweden '' to a swede is the top two thirds of the country . 
  few people live north of stockholm . 
  you could also achieve that by invading ireland again . 
  or in the case of northern sweden : spot where all the iron ore mines are located . 
  they wo n't have to . 
  when roaming charges go away people will actually use their phones on vacation , and they 'll still make just as much money . 
  `` crutch '' does n't really apply in this case . 
  the offline map mode requires preparation but is otherwise overall better ( or at least cheaper ) than online . 
  going online would be your crutch backup plan in case the download is n't sufficient for whatever reason . 
   it 's not called bruttonationalprodukt in english , you know it totally should be , though . 
  we should make it a rule that whoever has the highest gdp per capita gets to name the concept . 
   is all that infrastructure , highways , skyscrapers , factories , etc just a bubble ? 
  the infrastructure is n't , but much of the rest is . 
  the chinese economy * is * growing steadily , but not by those kinds of numbers . 
   uk leaders said an independent scotland would not be able to keep the pound so as to bully the scots into voting no to independence . 
  becoming independent but keeping the pound makes no sense . 
  there 's no reason why england should ever agree to that regardless of how they feel about scottish independence , because it 's entirely one-sided . 
   i do n't accept lessons from a country that is worse off than mine . 
  does that mean * i * get to tell you to calm down ? 
   the sad thing is , i 'm not sure italian politicians do either . 
  this simultaneously explains everything and nothing . 
   do you ever vote for a pm ? 
  as a rule , no . 
  that 's one of the main things that differentiate a prime minister from a president . 
  a prime minister is a member of parliament elected by the parliament to govern , so voting for one directly does n't make much sense . 
  sure there is . 
   is n't right to free movement a fundamental pillar of the eu ? 
  having a right to be in a country does n't mean you have a right to set up camp anywhere in that country . 
  free movement is not the same as free housing wherever you want . 
   and he never hurt a soul . 
  explosives stored in an unsafe manner are a danger to others , though . 
  just remove everything except `` something , something , holocaust '' from the answer and you 've got yourself a punchline . 
   western europe is a direct descendant of roman empire , or more recently , the carolingian empire . 
  except for all the countries that are traditionally considered part of the west but which were never controlled by either : scandinavia , iceland , scotland , ireland , etc. 
   what about taking children out of school and sending them begging on the streets ? 
  that 's grounds for losing custody here , but i do n't think it applies if you 're not a citizen or at least a permanent resident . 
  the government has little interest in forcing foreign nationals to attend swedish schools . 
  depends on which definition you 're using . 
  unless you 're sticking to the cold war distinction between east/west , spain is in southern europe . 
  greece is a nato member , which makes it a western country according to the cold war definition . 
  same as how finland is a western country , despite being geographically east of poland . 
   but is always eastern europe bashing , how the eastern europe is a burden to the western europe ... is it really brought up that much ? 
  most concerns i encounter about eastern countries entering the eu are about corruption , not economics . 
   actually a lot of roma have integrated into society , at least in romania . 
  the problem is , they have integrated so well that they are indistinguishable from the rest of the romanians and most of them even stopped identifying as roma because of the stigma that goes with it . 
  that 's usually the defining difference between `` roma '' and `` gypsies '' : the former is used to describe those who wish to be part of society and the latter is used about those who do n't .
