  the only times that stockholm-based newspapers ever cover * anything * happening in malm\u00f6 is when it 's violent , and so that 's the only news that spreads abroad about the city . 
  it 's a symbol of the nation of israel , not any current or previous government of that country . 
  it represents a lot more than just government policies . 
   waiting for swedes to start telling us this was an unimportant , isolated case and that it 's not indicative of all of them . 
  the last time i confronted them about the stockholm riots they said the same thing . 
  because diversity is so great !, 
  the two are completely different . 
  this was not an isolated event . 
  the stockholm riots were . 
  this was politically motivated . 
  the stockholm riots were bored teenagers . 
  it 's safe to assume that this was done by muslims . 
  the stockholm riots were a mix of people from different countries and of various religions . 
  in case you 're curious about why you 're being downvoted . 
  your comparison is flawed . 
  source : i 'm from malm\u00f6 and currently living in malm\u00f6 . 
   world cup ? 
  totally just guessing . 
  maybe they did n't even have a team . 
  they did n't qualify into the world cup , so they 're not playing . 
  neither is sweden , coincidentally . 
   also , is that a naginata ? 
  the original version featured russia and china . 
  this version simply has the bulgarian cape painted on , along with some tweaks to the hydra . 
   ireland has neither power nor interests - does that make us the good guys ? 
  no , it just means you 're not very good at the whole `` powers and interests '' thing . 
  [ could be a rat ] ( http://www.skullsunlimited.com/userfiles/image/variants_large_4596.jpg ) . 
  hard to say for sure in a painting . 
   oh fuck off , that filter has been talked about for months if not longer . 
  that 's not a reason to stop talking about it , though . 
   every government in every country has the potential to set up a big scary firewall . 
  most ca n't get one up in less than 24 hours , though . 
  that requires the system to already be in place . 
  if there is a `` great firewall '' implemented but not active , it 's much easier to censor things on short notice . 
   seriously what is wrong with a voluntary internet filter that you can opt out of when you sign up for an isp . 
  it 's not something the government has any reason to be involved in . 
  if people actually want filtered internet , isps can provide that service . 
  if there 's actual demand for having your connection filtered , there will be a product . 
  the only reason to get the government involved is if people are more keen on having * other people 's * connections filtered and not just their own . 
  and is there any sensible reason for it being opt-out rather than opt-in ? 
   apart from the uk being literally halfway to an islamic version of 1984 ... yeah , but that 's clearly the muslims ' fault , somehow . 
   ... and most europeans being ` gypsy ' haters ... 
  i did miss that one , yes . 
  it seems that the only accepted viewpoints are that either all gypsies are completely innocent of everything ever or utterly guilty of everything ever . 
  no gray areas allowed . 
  russia is to blame for how it evolved , but they hardly instigated it . 
  there was already a full-blown revolution before they got involved . 
  they `` only '' helped push that towards civil war . 
   it 's not bias . 
  it 's objectivity . 
  news reporting is never entirely objective . 
  if you do n't see the bias , it 's only because it matches your own biases . 
  very selective racism . 
  india is a hell hole and islam is the source of all evil , but everywhere and everyone else is pretty okay . 
   we hate two things : racists , and the danish . 
    switch this to just being ` we hate the swedish ' with the notable exception of scania and eastern sealand , where people do n't really understand what the rest of either country is on about . 
  no opposing viewpoints are accepted in the land of compromise . 
  you 're free to describe your political opponents as the scum of the earth and lament the evils of their ideology , you just ca n't disagree with them on any actual issues . 
  i think it 's more about knowing that you should probably smoke and drink less , but not wanting to be the one to say that . 
  everyone thinks something should probably be done , but no one wants anything to actually be done . 
  alcohol is bad except when it 's me drinking it , so please ban it but do n't touch my booze , basically . 
   not really they think they will be the next superpower they are in for a surpise the surprise mainly being that you do n't really * want * to be the next superpower . 
  it 's expensive with few benefits . 
  in my experience , it 's like that in most of europe . 
  there are n't a lot of indian immigrants outside of academia , so the `` stereotypical '' indian immigrant is well educated and has a good job . 
  we * are * building more gigantic physics experiments !, 
   pretty much everything about it had to be `` invented '' . 
  invented based on centuries of electrical research , itself relying on several thousand years of developments in metallurgy . 
  in terms of knowledge , the lhc is the result of far more than 20 years worth . 
  sure , but the charm of this picture is that it 's not pieced together from various pictures . 
  it has both a representative of the theorists and the machine representing the experimentalists in one place at the same time . 
  in fact , the roman republic was founded more than 2500 years ago . 
  it 's not exactly a modern idea . 
  in most other countries , the title of `` princess '' is not reserved for people in the direct line of succession . 
  by the english meaning of the word , she 's a princess . 
  greece has the same tax rate as france and germany and a lower vat than all of scandinavia . 
  if the high taxes are the reason for high debts , why do other countries that have the same or higher taxes have lower debts than greece and spain ? 
  you do realize that your links show that sweden and denmark have the highest taxes and also that the two countries have lower debts than most of the rest of the eu ? 
  of the baltic states , lithuania has the lowest taxes and the highest debt . 
  there are counterexamples , but it 's certainly not true that high taxes correlate with high debt . 
  some countries really do have government money to spare . 
   ... most eu country 's have to much debt and to much taxes the countries with debt problems are n't really the same as the countries with high taxes . 
  it 's a nice form of recycling . 
  the problem is n't really the police having the equipment , but how they choose to use it . 
  the statement is rather ironic if you consider the current chinese occupation of tibet . 
   certainly nobody is saying all 3 million jobs would disappear ... well , the title certainly implies that there 's a chance of three million jobs disappearing , but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  * some * of those jobs are at risk , but most are n't going anywhere . 
  agreed . 
  buying russian gas is n't really a problem as long as you do n't * only * buy russian gas . 
  it 's possible to trade with russia without becoming dependent on russia . 
  very convenient for the people hurt by the leaks if they could shift attention away from what was leaked to who leaked it . 
   the european union of people 's democratic republics ? 
  monarchies need love too . 
  let 's all just compromise and call it the united kingdom of sweden . 
   to be honest klaus ever since the leaks a year ago ive seen a high amount of germans who 'd say they rather have russian troops in germany then us troops . 
  i 'm guessing they stopped saying that after the events in crimea , though . 
  usually the question is * `` has the eu done enough for us to warrant the cost ? 
  '' * or * `` what has the eu done for us that could n't also have been achieved just as well with trade agreements ? 
   germany-england that does n't sound like a very exciting game . 
  nonsense .
