  probably more about the statement than the protection offered anyway . 
   kevlar irc can be cut quite easily depends on the design . 
  you may be able to slowly cut through one with a knife , but most kevlar vests will protect you from being stabbed . 
  exactly . 
  would n't it be nice if people could just let a sporting event be a sporting event and not turn * everything * into politics ? 
  i get why people are upset , but if things are going to get better it has to be russians protesting and not random foreigners . 
  putin seems to have more popular support than obama right now , so i 'm not sure about that . 
  new plan : occupy siberia . 
  there 's a bit difference between throwing firebombs * at * people to harm them and using firebombs in general . 
  the police could throw the molotovs between themselves and the rioters to buy time to regroup , or throw molotovs at barricades in an attempt to destroy them . 
  i do n't know if that 's the case , but i figure it 's worth taking into account . 
   stockholm : you should make more money i always figured the message for stockholm was `` you should pay more rent '' . 
  the cost of living is ludicrous and it seems that * where * you live is more important than * how * you live . 
   winter finally arrived . 
  since that regularly surprises us , numerous crashes on highways , delays in public transport , etc. 
  for a day happened . 
  sounds just like the swedish railway system . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people know the phrase `` achtung panzer '' without really knowing the exact meaning . 
  it probably does n't mean `` hello , tank !, 
  '' , though . 
  i think the german one is more organized and formal than boring , though i guess some might argue that 's the same thing . 
  it 's a very `` clean '' font . 
   yes . 
  it 's still the same sociological impulse , though : it 's the impulse to explain an observed phenomenon when no other satisfactory explanation is offered . 
  people observe that certain groups are overrepresented in criminal statistics , and when no satisfactory explanation is offered they draw their own conclusions . 
  those conclusions may be wrong , but the impulse to seek an explanation is perfectly rational . 
   it 's a perfectly neutral word ... 
  if the word really is neutral , what was the point of emphasizing it with red capital letters in the text ? 
  it 's pretty clear that the author/designer considered that particular word to be of special interest . 
   it 's the equivalent to saying `` all italians are mafiosi '' . 
  there 's a significant difference between saying * `` all people of italian descent are mafiosi '' * and * `` all people who grew up in italy are mafiosi '' * . 
  the former is racist , and means you 're saying that something about their genetics make them more likely to be criminals . 
  the latter blames italian society and makes sweeping statements about how people living in that society are more likely to become criminals . 
  that does n't necessarily make it okay , but the distinction is relevant . 
  according to the racist explanation , roma are inherently criminal and can not really be redeemed . 
  according to the cultural explanation , their actions are caused by unfortunate circumstances that could be addressed . 
   i just think swedish culture in general is disgusting . 
  as is your right to . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i think they 'd get along okay with a lot of 18th and 19th century politicians . 
  as much financial freedom as possible is fantastic but women getting to vote would be the beginning of the end . 
  what if that was intentional in order to discredit the truthsayers in the eyes of the public ? 
   propaganda is the spread of information in order to convince people to agree with you . 
  the word carries connotations of being intentionally misleading in order to manipulate people . 
  that 's why it 's capitalized and red . 
  if the word was n't seen as something bad , there would be no point in emphasizing it like that . 
   i do n't think there 's anything wrong with propagandizing against stormfront . 
  i do . 
  it works if your target audience is only people who already agree with you , but it alienates everyone else . 
  it makes you come across as being just as uncompromisingly radical as the stormfront crowd , which is a shame when most people would agree with the basic message if it was presented in a less self-righteous manner . 
   saying that this is funny because it 's propaganda too is dead wrong , because one is ` good ' propaganda and the other is ` bad ' propaganda . 
  that 's exactly the kind of doublethink that propaganda is famous for . 
  `` it 's a bad thing when they do it , but it 's a good thing when we do it '' . 
  dishonesty is dishonest . 
  if you need to exaggerate and sensationalize your arguments to make a point , it gives the impression that you 're not entirely convinced about the validity of those arguments . 
  that does n't mean you 're wrong , but it gives the impression that you might be doing all the right things for all the wrong reasons . 
   it is still racism . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's entirely possible to hate gypsies without bringing ethnicity into it . 
  a lot of people dislike what they see as `` gypsy culture '' and behavior typical of people who were raised in that culture . 
  they 'd hate a blond person living with gypsies just as much . 
  what ? 
  where did i say anything like that ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing with the message , just the way it 's communicated . 
  the excessive emphasis on the word `` propaganda '' serves no purpose other than as propaganda itself . 
  it 's sensationalized , overly dramatic and tries to paint the situation as a black and white `` look at how deviously dishonest * they * are '' situation . 
  which is exactly what propaganda is usually all about . 
  no , but hitler was * very * racially aware . 
  it 's a sensible question . 
  a lot of forums require you to have been a member for a certain period of time , have a certain number of on-topic posts or get moderator approval before getting full `` member powers '' . 
  it would n't have been * that * strange if reddit required ten non-removed comments in a sub before you could vote in that sub , or whatever . 
   some shit you need to be aware of :  http://i.imgur.com/c5gh4nh.jpg i find it humorous that someone would point out opposing propaganda , while simultaneously making sure that the word `` propaganda '' is capitalized in red letters to really drive home the message of how dishonestly manipulative they are . 
  stones , glass houses , etc. 
  in theory , someone who is aware of racial conflicts . 
  in practice , someone who thinks all their problems are caused by jews conspiring against them . 
  probably a lizardman conspiracy to distract us from the * real * infiltrators . 
  judging by the phrasing of other comments in that thread , english is the second or third language of one or more poster . 
  it 's usually more about * how * you say something than * what * you say . 
  calling it `` pc bullshit '' and saying you get `` downvoted to hell '' are points against a comment . 
  tone down the phrasing to be less sensationalized and the comment will likely get a much better reception . 
  bringing up specific examples of it also helps your case . 
  vague complaints that a sub is too `` pc '' are n't very constructive on their own . 
  i think you might be overestimating how tolerant people in general are of gypsies . 
  not everyone who dislikes them is necessarily racist towards any other group , nor are they necessarily even white . 
  there are a million shades of gray in between `` white supremacist '' and `` multicultural '' . 
   omg , that crap is actually making its way here to europe then . 
  where did you think it came from originally ? 
  he did n't really incite any kind of racial hate as far as i can tell . 
  there 's a pretty big difference between * `` it 's a shame all gypsies did n't die sixty years ago '' * and * `` let 's kill all gypsies '' * . 
  otherwise every offhand remark about how it 's a shame that a drunk driver who hit someone was n't the one to die would be tried for conspiracy to commit murder . 
   that 's not really how freedom of speech works in most of western europe , i think . 
  if so then that 's unfortunate . 
  though at least in sweden , people generally underestimate just how much `` hate speech '' they can get away with . 
  lots of people get reported for it , but it 's pretty rare that anyone actually gets prosecuted , much less convicted . 
  good . 
  freedom of speech needs to apply even to statements you hate , or there 's no point in it at all . 
  you * always * have the freedom to say things that the government agrees with . 
  not according to the racist . 
  hard to say . 
  it 's definitely more peaceful than it was yesterday , though .
