  it 's pointless from a baltic perspective , but that does n't mean the baltic data is uninteresting to everyone else . 
  that 's assuming they did n't want to make a point in that case . 
  but either way , the fact that they * have * competent people does n't mean * all * their people are competent . 
  we can have them share a day . 
  somehow that seems more insulting . 
   in order for something to be classified as a psychological disorder ... i.e. 
  it comes down to arguing semantics . 
  what kind of detrimental effects count as `` harm '' ? 
  it definitely reduces the individual 's chances of reproducing , which is a core biological function . 
  so it 's undeniably detrimental to the person in that sense . 
  but if that does n't affect a person 's happiness , does that really count as harm ? 
  yes , no , maybe . 
  it 's too subjective for there to be any meaningful answer . 
   oh , so if you 're an artist in germany , you can do whatever you want and get away with it ? 
  seems more like they 're saying that if you 're an artist in germany , you can do whatever you want * that 's legal * and get away with it * in the exact same way that a non-artist would * . 
  rammstein are singing things that would be fine to say anywhere else , but since they 're artists who get a lot of attention , some people think they should n't be allowed to say objectionable things even if those things are otherwise perfectly legal to say . 
  a lot of the 2014 elections was about which parties you * did n't * want in the government , so many would agree with you . 
  the end result was predictably indecisive , resulting in a string of government crises . 
  not necessarily beyond * any * recovery , but he could be beyond the point where he 's going to come to his senses on his own before doing something stupid . 
   60 % of montenegrins consider homosexuality an illness considering something an illness ( mental or otherwise ) and wanting it to be banned are very different things . 
  bipolarity is a mental illness , but it 's perfectly legal to be as bipolar as you want as long as you do n't break any other laws . 
  whether or not homosexuality is an illness or not is really just a matter of semantics . 
  it 's undoubtedly a deviation from normal functionality , but it 's also harmless . 
   slav young men - like hungarians too - still lift weights , play macho , beat each other up , talk shit , play tough guy , upload facebook photos in boxing gloves ... scandinavians do all of that too . 
  except maybe the last one . 
  uploading a facebook photo with boxing gloves would make people ridiculing you for caring too much about * looking * macho . 
  working would get you even more money , and the cost of living is very high in many places , so being on welfare greatly limits where you can live . 
  up until 2010 or so , there was n't really any alternative . 
  not just in the sense that all the parties in parliament agreed on the issue , but that all mainstream media - including the supposedly impartial state-run radio and tv - would engage in a massive smear campaign against any person or group who questioned that status quo . 
  even `` far '' is an exaggeration . 
  in terms of policies other than immigration , they 're similar to the social democrats . 
  and when it comes to immigration , they 're about the same as what you 'd find in any other european country . 
  they just seem extreme because all other swedish parties have been so extreme in the other direction for decades . 
  newer numbers would n't make much difference . 
  you 're not going to get any similar number on the current migration waves until 2030 or so . 
   edit : apparently i hurt people 's feelings lots of people on reddit hate the idea of having kids , for whatever reason . 
  the only thing they hate more than having kids is being reminded that they 're animals and that no matter what they achieve in life , it 'll be as pointless ( or more so ) as reproduction . 
  zombies , obviously . 
  and when they inevitably revolt too , we 'll counter with cyborg clones . 
  only for the individual . 
  if everyone made that choice , no one would be able to make that choice . 
  it could mean that people who get married young have more children , and does n't necessarily say anything about whether people have kids before they get married . 
  when it comes to children , deviating from the biological script does come with some pretty severe penalties . 
  while 30 is unremarkable , the risk of miscarriages and birth defects * does * increase significantly with age . 
  that seems like the same thing . 
  the comment was unlikely to have been homophobic because the person who said it works around homosexuals every day and does n't have a problem with it . 
  this is perfectly reasonable . 
  it was most likely meant as a random insult . 
  thus the firing is unlikely to have been motivated by homophobia . 
  also very reasonable , given the above . 
  whether the guy felt insulted or not is irrelevant , because it 's perfectly legal to throw random insults at people . 
   ... but he 's sticking to his seat in the parliament . 
  if it 's anything like in sweden , it 's not really possible to kick anyone out of parliament . 
   as a result it 's self-evidently not an urban myth , but historical reality ... well , it * might * be . 
  we ca n't just assume that some random number is correct just because we expect a higher number based on speculation that has no actual evidence backing it up . 
  there 's a difference between trusting someone and having absolute perfect faith to the point where you 'd never ever have any doubts for even a second under any circumstances . 
  it 's more of a peace of mind thing for people who tend to worry excessively about everything than an actual trust issue . 
  kind of like some people * know * they turned the stove off , but still check it before going to bed . 
  depends on how you see it . 
  if you do n't care much about the issue but more about the principle of the thing , you do n't really risk that much but have a chance to discredit groups you dislike . 
   people who did n't vote accept the outcome as is . 
  or though the referendum was stupid and tried to get the turnout below 30 % . 
  it remains to be seen if they were successful . 
  it 's not really the kind of thing you 'd normally hold a referendum about , and it 's not an issue that most people will really know anything about , nor care to read up on . 
  with a turnout that low , the results are pretty meaningless . 
  assuming that all the people who did n't vote were in favor ( highly unlikely , but for the sake of the argument ) , the numbers would have ended up being 20 % against and 80 % for . 
  it 's hard to say which side is more or less unlikely to vote , but the non-voters * probably * are n't split 50-50 . 
  it 's pretty much guaranteed that they 're from the middle east or north africa , yes . 
  not all of them are problematic , though . 
  the iraqis tend to integrate quite well , for some reason . 
  the rest were too busy shoveling snow and wrestling volcanoes to answer the question . 
  probably danish vikings . 
  they 're known for their lawless ways . 
  there is no such preference . 
  i 'm just pointing out that the title here is a bit weird , and does n't entirely match what the linked article is saying . 
  it does n't really say much anyway , as there was never that many finnish speakers . 
  plenty of finns , but a lot of them spoke swedish as their native language already . 
   ... he 'll be dismissed . 
  might take a few days to do that , though . 
  especially if he manages to stall by claiming to resign and then changing his mind . 
   the pirates would , i guess , be the injured party , so i guess a mob of pirates carry out the sentence . 
  keelhauling using a longship , in other words ? 
  arabic is at 2 % and almost all of them speak swedish too , so do n't hold your breath . 
  or more likely integrating . 
  this is n't about what your ancestry is , but about what language you actually speak at home . 
  the original article uses the term * modersm\u00e5l * , which is pretty much the language you speak at home . 
  this also does n't necessarily mean that there are few people of finnish descent , just that they ( and/or their kids ) have been in the country long enough to be more comfortable speaking swedish . 
   i do n't get why sweden is so neglectful in its gathering of information . 
  there 's a ton of information being gathered . 
  some information is just harder to gather reliably . 
  it 's one of those things that are just as terrible as their reputation . 
  that should n't be possible , but somehow the ferries still manage . 
  that whole project was a train wreck . 
  it 's mind-boggling how much money was spent and many people died building a canal . 
  maybe we 're just better at mitosis . 
   they 'll care when their millions of immigrants has to done a glorious army of simian-sized jesus-on-a-sticks around their necks because of their own backwards policy . 
  that 's never going to actually happen , and you know it . 
  and if it does n't happen , iran has no particular reason to care . 
   no i get to complain anyway . 
  sure , but no one will care .
