  it 's highly debatable whether that 's a good idea , but it 's certainly financially possible to do without turning sweden into greece . 
  the biggest consequence will probably be that it costs the current government a lot of votes in the next election , as it 's seen as fiscally irresponsible , and that tends to be one of the biggest issues in swedish elections . 
  but they were probably going to lose anyway judging by polls . 
  the real question is whether whoever wins instead is going to do better . 
  we 'll know in 2018 . 
  i think it 's loosened up a bit . 
  you 're now allowed to consider the current situation a * short-term * problem , as long as you agree that they 'll all be productive members of society within 12 months and that there will be no long term costs or problems . 
   it was probably a gradual shift that nobody noticed until now . 
  the shift has been evident for years , as evidenced by the 2010 and 2014 election results . 
  it mostly took a while for habitual voters to realize that the parties they 've always voted for are no longer what they were . 
   i love the internet but just like any addiction it can be overcome . 
  i wo n't die without it . 
  the same could be said for shoes . 
  that does n't mean it 's a good idea to let corporations decide if you can wear shoes or not, 
   then we 're yet to discover how lenin end up e.g. 
  in 17th century ... soviet time travel , obviously . 
  i thought those colors were shown quite clearly every eurovision ? 
  [ br\u00c5 should have everything you might want to know ] ( http://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/crime-and-statistics/rape-and-sex-offences.html ) . 
   sweden is the rape capital of europe now . 
  no , it 's not . 
  that 's a bullshit statistic that gets repeated all the time , but it 's based on a mistranslation . 
  you ca n't translate the swedish legal term * v\u00e5ldt\u00e4kt * to * rape * , because legally it 's a much broader concept . 
  you end up basically comparing swedish statistics for rape * and * sexual assault to other countries ' statistics for rape alone . 
  not really . 
  it might have been if this had been decided on a year ago , but with no one planning ahead back then , there 's currently a shortage of everything . 
  money wo n't fix that , because you can only build new housing so fast , especially when you do n't even have any suitable land to build on . 
   so they are literally going to bankrupt the country to fund this ? 
  no , they 're going to take some loans , not * all * loans . 
  sweden has the money , but politicians ca n't agree on what other expense to cut down on in time for when the money needs to be available . 
  do n't worry . 
  the governing parties are dropping in the polls so fast that journalists ca n't come up with new phrasings of `` worst polling result ever '' quickly enough to keep up . 
  the social democratic party are seeing the worst numbers they 've ever had . 
  if there was an election today , the government would crumble like an empty paper bag . 
  i think technically he did die fighting , as it was the police who killed him , presumably because he refused to surrender . 
  not a very good viking if he gets killed before pillaging anything or getting any loot . 
  unlikely to be a student , but it could be a parent , a former student , a former employee or whatever . 
  there are usually a lot of people working at a school . 
   but on the other hand it 's always confusing when someone says `` bandy '' , since you always have to ask if they meen `` indoor bandy '' or `` actual fucking bandy on ice '' . 
  not really a problem in southern sweden , as most people have n't even heard about outdoor bandy . 
  they might have assumed that an outdoor form must exist based on the `` indoor '' part of the name , but few have any idea what it 's actually like . 
   most of the people here have a really weak grasp of the english language . 
  i would n't call it weak . 
  more like fluent-but-not-perfect . 
  which also describes a lot of native speakers . 
  and 5 % of the time you knew both the written word and the spoken word and had no idea that they were the same because the pronunciation is so absurd . 
  like * quay * and * aisle * and * queue * . 
   they wait because there 's a commercial on the tv channel that airs that particular game . 
  i 'm sure rest also factors in . 
  once the game has evolved to work that way , they kind of have to stick to the whole `` everyone gets to catch their breath '' thing or they inadvertently change the whole game . 
  the fact that all players are rested for each go is part of the game , just as how players being very tired near the end of a football game is part of that game and influences strategy . 
  no one calls that floor hockey here . 
  it 's indoor * bandy * , which is never confused with hockey . 
   although malm\u00f6 would be a shitty place to visit for a holiday , tbf . 
  well , you 'd probably combine it with visiting copenhagen . 
  there 's really not enough to see in malm\u00f6 to fill more than a day or two . 
   except , stuff like this emerges pretty much every week from sweden . 
  stuff like this * gets posted about * pretty much every week , but it 's often multiple posts about the same events ( x happened , more info on x , police arrest suspect for x , someone found guilty for x ) with headlines phrased as if it was something new , and from different parts of the country . 
   does sweden have hate speech laws ? 
  time to apply them equally . 
  it does and they do . 
  the bar for hate speech is higher than just vague shouts about killing people . 
  99 % of the time you see someone accused of hate speech in the press , they 're found innocent or the case is thrown out without going to trial . 
   he knew what they were and felt , this is the party for me . 
  if that was the case , why did they gradually change all their views and why did all the old members leave ? 
  i did n't even know he had a statue , so maybe ? 
  there 's a park named after him , but no likeness of him in it as far as i 'm aware . 
  it 's also located right in the center of the city near where bored teens tend to gather , so you 'd expect it to suffer more vandalism than other parks simply on account of the geography . 
   ... and yet still could not have found their destinies any more different . 
  to be fair , one is a village of 120 people in the middle of nowhere , while the other is a port city of 320,000 people located along an extremely busy shipping lane , coinciding with the only road and rail connection between scandinavia and continental europe . 
  more goods pass through malm\u00f6 in a minute than have passed through malmo since it 's founding . 
  it 's not surprising that their destinies would be extremely different . 
   you can buy weed in like any little shop if you know what to say , that 's pretty chill . 
  or pretty openly in the street if you know where to go . 
  the police does n't care as long as everyone behaves , which means people mostly do . 
  typing this from malm\u00f6 . 
  it 's a nice place , if a bit boring . 
  the `` problem '' areas are few and isolated , and are n't nearly as bad as media ( especially foreign media ) would have you believe . 
  i go to roseng\u00e5rd for groceries on occasion ( they have the best ajvar ) , and i have n't been murdered even once . 
  actually , the only times i 've gotten into any violent trouble here was with swedish junkies . 
  so take the news with a grain of salt . 
  so pretty much the opposite of what the previous poster suggested . 
  trying to teach people `` values '' is pretty much the same as trying to brainwash them into agreeing with you . 
  better to teach them to question things , and hope they reach the `` right '' conclusions on their own . 
  a lot of people do n't vote sd because they do n't think immigration is the * most * or * only * important issue . 
  realistically , voting sd in 2010 or 2014 meant giving up your chance of having a say in whether the country has a left or right wing government , in favor of making a statement about immigration that ultimately wo n't have any political relevance . 
  so far sd simply has n't had any realistic chance of actually getting to govern , which a lot of people see as a wasted vote . 
  that does n't really say anything about their views on immigration , as voting for sd in 2010 or 2014 had zero chance of directly influencing swedish immigration policy anyway . 
  so it 's just not that simple . 
   it was in arabic . 
  i think this part is pretty vital . 
  if the person holding a speech ca n't actually understand what the crowd are chanting , they ca n't really be blamed for not being offended by it . 
  maybe this is a new plan to enter nordics from above ? 
  a clever plot to bypass the baltic sea . 
   even if you die or commit a felony or even just move away your name is still on the list so anyone can use it without worry once . 
  only if no one actually maintains those lists . 
  if the system works ( and is funded enough to be able to get the job done ) , there will be new up-to-date lists for each election . 
  i know that sweden at least has new updated lists each time , because i 've worked with them . 
   sadly making people show id is consider disenfranchising minorities and old ladies because apparently they ca n't go down to the dmc and get a national id . 
  you still have a list of eligible voters , and if someone shows up claiming to be someone who has already voted , the sensible thing is to deny them . 
  sweden used to not require id , but started to in 2010 ( i think ) .
