  they 're trying to lie low . 
  when you 're the most pro-immigration party in a pro-immigration government in the middle of a migrant crisis , the less you say the better you 'll fare in the polls . 
   i think it 's a brainfart . 
  possibly , but if so then she chose to make up some bullshit dodging rather than simply admit that she phrased it poorly . 
  it mostly seems like there are a lot of people here who do n't actually know swedish who just looked up the word `` olycka '' and found that it can have a lot of meanings . 
  but she did n't say `` olycka '' . 
  she said `` olyckorna '' , which is the same root but which can only ever mean one thing : accidents . 
  she might not have meant to say what she said , but there was no ambiguity in the word she used . 
   she said something along the lines of ` the events of 9/11 were unfortunate ' . 
  `` unfortunate '' would be * olyckliga * , which is a similar word but not one that a native speaker would ever get mixed up . 
  she also used the word as a noun , so there 's really no chance that she was trying to say that they were unfortunate . 
   `` olycka '' has a pretty wide range of meanings . 
  she did n't say `` olycka '' , though . 
  she said `` olyckorna '' , which greatly limits the possible meanings . 
   if you want to criticize her , at least focus on her actual statements instead of simple mistakes . 
  but that 's too easy . 
  pretty much every opinion she 's ever expressed has been ridiculous . 
  there has to be some challenge . 
   i didnt know sweden had adopted the american style of governance and campaigning . 
  that 's because it 's pretty recent . 
  this is the first time ever that ( mp ) is allowed to sit in a government , and they 've only been there for about 18 months . 
  in that time they 've managed to embarrass themselves repeatedly , and the government has come close to being kicked out by parliament * twice * . 
  all parties everywhere are arguably jokes , but there are varying degrees of it . 
  mp is certainly more of a joke than , say , v or kd . 
   the word `` olycka '' ( accident ) itself also means `` unfortunate event '' . 
  she did n't say `` olycka '' , though . 
  as i recall , she said `` olyckor '' , which translates to * accidents * and nothing else . 
  you 're right that `` olycka '' can mean either an accident or misfortune in general , but the latter meaning can not be pluralized . 
  at least not in the modern use of the word . 
   but at first glance `` olyckor '' looks like it could be also translated as `` misfortunes '' to me . 
  `` olycka '' can mean * misfortune * or * accident * depending on context , but she used the plural form `` olyckor '' , which is only ever used about accidents . 
  * misfortune * is an unquantifiable word , so it 's never really singular or plural . 
  she made some excuse later about having spoken of the events that followed 9/11 , but the statement still makes no sense . 
  `` olyckor '' can only ever mean multiple accidents . 
  neither did mussolini . 
  he said he would , but even he could n't do it . 
  there are n't enough passenger trains in the us for anyone to care anyway . 
  100 applying for asylum or 100 sneaking through heading for somewhere else ? 
  you assume there 's any strategic thought behind it . 
  anything that any member of the greens says makes perfect sense if you just assume that they 're very dumb . 
  no political strategy or hidden agenda , just ... dumb . 
   regarding mehmet kaplan , how did he ever rise so high in the greens ? 
  because they 're the best that party has to offer . 
  they 're the kind of party that people vote for in the hopes that they 'll influence the government , not the kind of party anyone hopes will be allowed to actually * form * the government . 
   why are the left allying with people with incredibly conservative views ? 
  because he 's muslim , obviously , and that makes him automatically oppressed , which makes him automatically leftist . 
  do n't ask how . 
  * olycka * means it was unintended , yes . 
  the word can also mean `` misfortune '' or `` bad luck '' in other contexts . 
  it implies a random series of events that result in something bad . 
   his woman has highly paid advisors . 
  yeah , but she 's from milj\u00f6partiet . 
  i very much doubt she 'd listen to them , if she even understands what their job is . 
  it 's the greens . 
  the only surprising things are that anyone was desperate enough to let them into a government and that it took them a whole year before they said anything dumb enough to make international news . 
  this is exactly why no one has let them appoint any ministers in the past , even when they were part of the ruling coalition . 
  they have a decent number of voters , but not a single competent politician . 
  and working to get free public transit for parliament and then taking a taxi instead , all paid for with tax money . 
  nah , even most swedes think she 's an idiot . 
  she got the post because the parliamentary situation is a mess , and because the social democrats were more concerned about the prestige of not having to lose three elections in a row than about who they had to team up with to make it happen . 
  the whole mess is ultimately caused by the fact that no one is willing to negotiate with the sweden democrats . 
  the social democrats would rather join up with the greens , whom they share basically nothing with , than be seen to be cooperating with sd , whom they share pretty much everything except their views on immigration with . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's any famous person in sweden who * has n't * been accused of murdering olof palme . 
  including people born after he died . 
  why do we care ? 
  libya is a failed state and has no way of stopping us . 
  international relations . 
  using your navy to conduct piracy operations in other countries simply because they ca n't stop you is generally frowned upon . 
  and boarding privately owned ships without any legal authority would be piracy . 
  pretty much every country in the world would oppose it . 
  you do n't just let foreign warships sail around in your waters whenever they feel like it . 
  it 's fine if you invited them , but not when they come up with an operation and * then * ask your permission . 
   the unity government is of course willing to take our 100 million in aid , i assume . 
  we cac n't really complain if we do n't make the aid conditional on military cooperation . 
  which would have had some rather colonial implications if we did . 
   stupid capitalists !, 
  next time we 'll ~ ~ violate ~ ~ * liberate * ~ ~ your ~ ~ * our * airspace with our rockets !, 
  indeed . 
  us alien wizard time travelers have no need for such things . 
  i think they 'd benefit from being able to leave the government * in theory * , because they 're always much better at being in opposition than actually doing things , but if leaving the government means handing over power to the alliance , i think that 's going to cost them a lot of voters in the long run . 
  well , i guess that makes him simply unemployed . 
  unless the party wants to keep him around for ... something . 
  which would n't surprise me . 
  the people who cared about that never had any faith in ( mp ) to begin with . 
  competence and realistic policies have never really been their strengths . 
  they were always good at getting others to agree to compromises that were in their favor , but not particularly good at doing anything themselves . 
  he finally found out that the swedish house mafia disbanded three years ago , so now he quit too . 
   we 'll see if they stay in the government . 
  they have far more to lose from leaving than from staying . 
  leaving means the government crumbles like tissue paper , and the opposition taking over . 
  freedom of speech protects you from being prosecuted , not from being fired . 
  which is pretty much what happened to him , except that he gets to keep his seat in parliament ( there 's no legal way of taking that from him ) , so it was n't even that serious . 
  the main consequence he 'll suffer is that he probably wo n't have a seat after the 2018 election . 
   i could be mistaken . 
  but he does n't have a significant position in his political party right ? 
  as i recall , he 's a member of parliament but nothing else . 
  it 's not really artificially high so much as that a lot of people do n't really * want * to address the issue , so nothing happens despite the fact that there 's clearly a problem . 
   every major city in western europe is gravaitating towards the same generic ` mini new york ' . 
  i think it might be fair to say that new york is also gravitating towards it , and that it 's more of a `` generic western city '' thing . 
  when you mix enough influences and have enough international companies and institutions , it all kind of looks the same from a distance .
