  if not oil then neodymium mines to make electric generators and motors . 
  that 's not necessarily a good thing . 
  it makes your paycheck buy more , but it also reduces the chances of you actually getting a paycheck next month . 
  it 's bad news for the environment , for the renewable energy sector , and for the oil sector . 
  it 's good news for people who drive a lot . 
  it 's not specific to this incident . 
  it 's been pretty common for a few years to refer to all asylum seekers , including ones that have been declined and who are to be deported , as `` refugees '' . 
  many swedish politicians and journalists take it one step further and refer to all illegal immigrants as `` paperless refugees '' , because if they do n't have a passport you ca n't prove they 're not syrians . 
  they need to do * something * about the current low price , and environmentalists should be happy about it . 
  say what you will about their motivations , but less oil being pumped out of the ground means less co2 being released into the air . 
  and a low oil price is bad for getting people to invest in renewable energy . 
  it 's nice in the summer . 
  the winter looks nice , but if you think it 's something you 'd like to visit , you 're probably underestimating just how cold it is . 
  it 's not the police who are treating the rest as refugees . 
  it 's other parts of the government , along with the media . 
   i 'd rather refer to the one article that does not actively try to mislead me by redefining refugees by excluding declined refugees . 
  the difference is that one source correctly differentiates between `` refugees '' and `` migrants '' , while the other goes with the overly politically correct ( but highly inaccurate ) practice of labeling anyone who has at any point considered applying for refugee status a `` refugee '' . 
  there 's a legal definition of a refugee , and these people do n't qualify . 
  the police statement was correct . 
  the only reason it seemed misleading is because we 're so used to the media lying about these things that we 've started to read `` refugees '' as `` any immigrant from outside of europe '' . 
  yes , but they 'll be discrete and leave the wings at home . 
  or maybe they 'll wear them to blend in among the planes ... not sure . 
   i understand that chart starts at 50 . 
  ... which is not really an accepted thing to do . 
  it 's common , but it misrepresents the information to the point where you 'd be better off not using a chart at all . 
  the whole point of a chart is to visualize data , but if you cut off part of it then you 're just visualizing one small part of the data , and always ( though not necessarily consciously ) with the intent of exaggerating something to prove a point . 
  do n't forget breakfast . 
  potato pancakes are delicious . 
  do n't forget tomatoes . 
  that was pretty nice too . 
  the size of the bars in that chart are impressively nonsensical . 
  they 're not that far behind others . 
  visually , that chart is complete nonsense . 
  the lowest consumption is roughly 1/3 of the highest , but judging by that chart you 'd think it was 5 % . 
   ... if sd is not right wing extreme , then nothing is . 
  i 'd agree with you on groups like svenskarnas parti and the old nsf , vam , etc. 
  but sd are hardly right wing extremists or particularly far right . 
  their party program is rather tame and during their time in parliament they have n't proposed anything particularly controversial . 
  sd might be populated by a lot of idiots with alleged weird ideas , but it does n't show in the party 's actual opinions or their parliamentarians ' voting . 
  and anything beyond that is just unsourced speculation and strawmen . 
   you ca n't have a union without giving up some sovereignty , but it 's the unwillingness of most member states to do that in even the smallest form that makes cooperation difficult . 
  that 's understandable when a lot of people do n't feel like their views match the views of eu level politicians . 
  the idea that the eu should have more power is a lot more common in the eu parliament than among eu voters . 
  so voters are obviously hesitant to give any power at all to the parliament , as they believe ( and probably rightfully so ) that it 'll be used by the parliament to try to secure * even more * power for the eu . 
  and once granted , that 's hard to take back . 
  most people do n't * want * a european federation , but politicians keep fantasizing about it . 
   no viking settlers in finland . 
  but lots of swedes in the following thousand years , who * did * have viking ancestry . 
  while the population may have come from the east initially , the modern population has mixed ancestry . 
  and if a new eu law is popular , they 'll take credit . 
  and if everyone has realized that it might be a problem at the start of the war , they could have funded refugee camps closer to syria and this would n't have been a thing either . 
  it 's a group that a very large number of people can claim * some * degree of ancestry to . 
  if you live in northern , western , or eastern europe , it 's a safe bet that somewhere in your family tree is a viking settler . 
  the same goes for north america and australia ( not counting natives ) . 
  it 's one of the things that brits , frenchmen , russians , finns , and americans have in common and can all agree on . 
  the fact that no one believes in the norse gods anymore probably helps too . 
  it would be more surprising if it was n't that way . 
  it 's easy to say that immigrants wo n't take anyone 's job if you already have work experience and possibly an academic degree . 
  the immigrants are no threat to * you * . 
  but if you 're young and already struggling to find work as it is , that 's not much comfort . 
  it 's easy to just dismiss these people as being unintelligent , but it 's precisely because they are that they have problems that others ca n't relate to . 
  and they 're still people . 
  they deserve happiness just as much as anyone else . 
   the reason that horns on armor do n't exist ... 
  it does exist . 
  or did . 
  check out samurai helmets . 
  many medieval european knightly helmets also have horns , though they normally were n't worn in battle . 
  but you just have to make them flimsy enough that they break if anyone tries to do anything with them and it 's fine . 
  the key thing is that in their own language `` viking '' was n't something you were , it was something you * did * . 
  you go viking . 
  you did n't even necessarily set out with that in mind . 
  most of the time they 'd just trade or take jobs as mercenaries ( notably being [ the personal bodyguard of the byzantine emperors ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varangian_guard ) ) , but at times someone figured that raiding was more lucrative . 
  especially if a target like a monastery presented itself , with plenty of gold and few ( if any ) guards . 
  life at sea is pretty demanding in general when you 're sailing a longship , or rowing it up a river . 
  even if people give you things without a fight or you trade for it , you 'll still be stereotypically muscular . 
   the smell of that thing is bound to offend . 
  more accurately , the smell of the marinade is bound to offend . 
  the fish itself does n't really smell of anything , and the taste is mostly just odd . 
  and a lot of the bad stuff , especially related to migrants , is caused by the actions of individual countries and a general unwillingness to cooperate . 
  it 's hardly the eu 's fault , especially not when no one really even wants to * discuss * a possible common solution . 
  sure , but sd are n't right wing extremists . 
  many of their members have been right wing extremists in their past , and it 's possible that they still hold such opinions privately , but the party program and all of the party 's actions since coming into parliament have been very un-extreme . 
  compared to a party like ( v ) , they 're almost centrist . 
  svalbard is norwegian and greenland is danish , so probably . 
  and that 's about as arctic as you can get without living in a tent on the ice . 
  meh , rocket launchers are so 1990s . 
  i bet you 're in a biker gang too . 
  this was in stockholm . 
  it 's only in malm\u00f6 that we use grenades . 
  and always so ineptly that no one is seriously injured . 
   you think stating objective facts ... 
  when you include some facts and leave out others in order to portray things a certain way , it 's not objective anymore . 
   you can only be a first generation immigrant though . 
  in sweden it 's usually counted up to the third generation . 
  clearly the country 's collective new year 's resolution is to not murder anyone anymore . 
   the government on the other hand is shunning the people with opposite opinion ( sd ) ... that 's perfectly fair in a parliamentary democracy , though . 
  it 's childish and it has backfired massively in every election , but if they want to drive their voters to another party then they 're free to do so . 
   ... and the cops are also not reporting stuff because it would indicate that sd actually has a point . 
  that 's not general police policy .
