  the ukrainian military uses them too ^ [ [ 1 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buk_missile_system#service ) , so there should be quite a few people in ukraine who know how to operate them . 
  and you can be pretty sure that if * any * rebels know how to , they 'd immediately be assigned to those missiles . 
  that does n't mean the russians are n't involved , but it does mean that rebels knowing how to use buk missiles does n't prove anything . 
  `` all in or nothing '' . 
  possibly the worst poker advice ever . 
  they work fine , actually . 
  the lines they 're used on have dedicated bus lanes without any tight corners , so it 's not as if they have to turn much or weave through traffic . 
  think of it as a tram . 
  they 're not in common traffic in malm\u00f6 either . 
  i only know of one line where they 're used . 
  it used to have buses departing every two minutes during rush hours and they were still full , so eventually the only way to increase capacity was bigger buses . 
  there have been plans to expand the subway system to take some of those passengers , but it takes forever for anything to happen in that regard . 
  they only drive on certain streets , so tight corners are n't a problem . 
  most buses in malm\u00f6 are normal ones . 
  these are only for the routes that see a very large number of passengers . 
   it 's weird though , we do not have them against you finns . 
  i think the fact that we do n't is more insulting towards the finns than any of the stories they tell ... 
  got ta lull them into a false sense of security before we offer a new union . 
  or start including data for norway when it 's available . 
  make them feel welcome . 
  location can also matter a lot . 
  for lower income brackets , the majority of the income tax you pay in sweden is municipal income tax , which is set by each municipality . 
  to be fair , 25 % is the maximum . 
  it 's less than that on a lot of things , like food ( including restaurant visits ) , culture and transportation . 
   ... the tax level is increased 20 % units on any money you earn above that ( so if you paid 30 % it 's 50 % now ) . 
  to clarify , that 's the threshold for paying state income tax . 
  below that you only pay municipal and provincial ( * landsting * ) taxes . 
  the provincial tax tends to be a pretty trivial amount , so for lower income your tax rate depends entirely on what municipality you live in . 
   i still think that reddit is very left-wing , at least by u.s. standards * the world * is very left-wing by us standards . 
  to people from most other countries , us politics are a battle between a right wing party and a righter wing party . 
  you can accuse the man of many things , but he 's not ugly . 
  or it was really shitty about two years back when i unsubscribed , and has gotten better since . 
  it 's entirely possible that it 's good now , but back then anything from that sub that hit the front page was just shitty memes . 
   is this sub very left wing ? 
  a bit , but not really remarkably so . 
   i remember when reddit as a whole was quite left wing and then i guess everyone left university and suddenly everyone and their nan was super right wing . 
  i do n't think everyone suddenly went `` super right wing '' . 
  i think it just seems that way compared to how left-tilted it was before . 
  overall , reddit seems to reflect society decently , though it tends to vary a lot from thread to thread which group is more vocal . 
   it stimulated debate about theology ... 
  it did n't when i unsubscribed from it . 
  it was just image macros where people praised themselves for being so enlightened and posts making fun of religious people ( and more often than not , strawman religious people ) . 
  at no point was there any debate with more than one side represented . 
   because i 've been knocking about here for quite a while now and would n't consider myself too pro-eu . 
  i find that if you hang out here too much , you 'll start arguing against the eu just to keep the discussion more balanced . 
  i think this place just has a disproportionately high number of pro-eu subscribers . 
  that does n't mean the sub is n't just as much * for * other people , just that there are fewer of them actually here . 
  the key distinction being that we 're talking about * russia * , not * russians * . 
  yeah , but your flight to hearthrow just got three hours longer , so it evens out . 
  it 's a `` continent '' in the english meaning of the word . 
  it 's not a `` kontinent '' in the scandinavian meaning of the word . 
  the english word is closer in meaning to the swedish * v\u00e4rldsdel * than the swedish * kontinent * . 
  i 'm guessing norwegian has some equivalent term . 
  but which government and is it a bad list or a good list ? 
   you say that , but racism and things of that nature are already regularly upvoted here . 
  yes , but mainly because there 's a significant number of people who actually * have * those views . 
  not everyone who disagrees with you is a paid shill or part of an organized downvote brigade . 
   ... and we 're a bit lopsided in terms of political views . 
  we 're ** very ** lopsided in terms of political views . 
  it 's usually not a problem but can get a bit ridiculous at times . 
   i do miss / r/atheism being a default . 
  that was fun , and good for the world . 
  it was terrible , because the place was an utter shit hole at the time it got removed from default status . 
  if anything , it was more likely to make people religious out of spite than to promote atheism , as it was full of idiots who worship darwin without even having a basic understanding of how natural selection works . 
  just do n't scroll that far down . 
   after you registered , you ~ ~ get ask questions . ~ ~ * skip that shit because no one likes to answer surveys * . 
  more importantly , without a decent default front page , no one would actually stay long enough to click the `` register '' button . 
   prepare for anti-eu posts ... 
  this place has always been disproportionately pro-eu compared to poll data , so it could just be a case of the sub becoming more representative of european views in general rather than just the views of people who would actively seek out something called / r/europe . 
  whether that 's better or worse than before remains to be seen , i guess . 
  it swings back and forth depending on the post . 
  some days it 's extremely pro-x and some days its extremely pro-y . 
  the only thing you can be sure of is that in almost any highly upvoted post , the top comment will * not * be a nuanced take on it . 
  only people who actually subscribe to polandball care much about the rules . 
  lots of people know about it from a couple of comics but do n't really care enough to subscribe . 
   primary education needs to be accessible to everyone in his her mother tongue . 
  this is a university and applies to master level courses . 
  their point here is that a technical master 's degree is n't very useful anyway unless you 're fluent in english . 
  just like how having a university degree in 1400 was useless unless you spoke latin . 
   you 'll never be as good with a secondary language as you are with your own . 
  sure you can . 
  it 's all about how much practice you get . 
  there are plenty of people who are better at a language other than the one they grew up talking . 
  if you want to work in science today ( and still do so in thirty or forty years ) , you 're probably going to have to be fluent in english anyway . 
  pretty much everything is published in english . 
  just like that , but i 'd swap netherlands/eu28 and put poland above austria . 
  if you 're sorting by percentage `` yes '' , use `` yes + maybe '' to sort among countries with the same rate of positive replies . 
  not weird at all in the case of sweden . 
  there 's a direct correlation : we had a referendum and the majority voted no . 
  in retrospect , staying out was probably the right choice . 
  we might join at some point , but right now we have little to gain and much to lose . 
  yeah , but that does n't mean they know how things would have worked out if they had stayed out . 
  putting the `` do n't know '' segment in the middle in that diagram would have made it even better . 
  that only works if you can figure out the logistics of ensuring that there 's actual competition on the market . 
  that 's fairly easy with things you can sell on a store shelf , but much harder when it 's something that you need to have constant access to at home . 
  i assume it 's the education that 's in english , not the entire university . 
  the administration will presumably still be primarily german . 
  having the courses in english really is no stranger than all universities using latin in the past . 
  either way , this should be a matter of universities providing what they judge to be the best possible education , rather than a matter of politics and public opinion . 
  english is just german minus half the grammar , with a pile of latin words thrown in to expand the vocabulary .
