  unless you 're a municipal government using it to run your buses , of course , as you can make those as tax-exempt as you feel like . 
  or do it the swedish way and burn garbage to provide district heating . 
  expensive to build , but after that it neatly solves two problems at the same time . 
   also sweden does n't use natural gas for much except occasionally cooking ... gas stoves are very rare in sweden . 
  i think the overwhelming majority of the natural gas is used as vehicle fuel . 
  lots of ng buses and such . 
  either way , it 's not much . 
  there has historically been little incentive to invest in anything other than electrical solutions in sweden , as hydroelectricity has been readily available for as long as electricity has been a thing . 
  that 's energy * production * , not energy * consumption * . 
  sweden does n't have any natural gas power plants , but it 's still used as fuel for buses and such . 
  it was a war . 
  thousands of civilians were going to get killed regardless . 
  in fact , preventing that was the reason for the intervention in the first place . 
  it would have been nice if everyone could have just gotten along instead , but that was n't going to actually happen . 
   yeah i 'm sure giant landfills are better for the env / s many environmental groups are full of idealists who wo n't settle for `` lesser evil '' solutions . 
  if there might hypothetically be a perfect solution at some point , no other solution is acceptable . 
   and/or more seriously maybe start having the habit of separating things ( like glass and batteries and paper ... ) in separate bins and recycle as much as possible like them or germany . 
  but then you have to stop being lazy and ca n't just blame the government for not doing enough ... 
  next year , the isle of unst will be seeking to separate from the rest of the shetlands . 
  and if you 're going to bomb one bridge , bomb all the bridges . 
  it 's not much point if all you 're doing is forcing people to take a 200 meter detour to the next bridge . 
  but could n't they have left one bridge so that people could still get across , thereby invalidating the strategic purpose for bombing any bridges at all ? 
   that masses of `` normal people '' would rise and overthrow those power-tripping thugs in power . 
  this would only happen if people have reason to believe that what comes after would be better . 
  you ca n't build a country on good intentions alone , and just because you want corruption to go away does n't mean it suddenly will . 
  you already tried that . 
  it did n't go too well . 
  so it 's less of a beach and more of a sand-covered death trap ? 
   i prefer the one where america declares war on canada and then surrenders all in order to cede detroit it 's pretty sad if you consider that fifty years ago detroit was a city worth conquering , rather than a city you want to give away . 
   ... but i ca n't do it . 
  very time-consuming . 
  any chance of scaling down the scope rather than the frequency ? 
  short posts with just the main story from the week . 
  31 combat-ready fighter jets and 12 attack helicopters , for anyone who is interested but too lazy to read the article . 
   this is good because nato is all talk . 
  so far , no one has been willing to test that . 
  ukraine is not a nato member , and so had no guarantees for nato protection . 
  if the cost is negligible , why bother subsidizing it ? 
  electricity costs money , so someone would have to subsidize that . 
  because when everyone follows a charger standard , there 's a free market for chargers . 
  the main reason to use a unique charger is to ensure you have a monopoly on charger sales for your phones . 
  depending on how you view capitalism , these plans can be good or bad . 
  it artificially limits what phone manufacturers can do with products , but it opens up new markets for other electronics manufacturers . 
   the olive oil thing was actually good as well . 
  debatable . 
  in much of europe it came across as trying to crack the eggs for an omelet with a cricket bat . 
  a clumsy solution for what is a complete non-issue in much of the union . 
  it should have been left for each state to handle . 
   the first one had style . 
  it also did n't pretend to be about anything other than half-naked men fighting in slow motion . 
  the movie did n't waste more than a few minutes on explaining the politics , and even that was largely done by yelling `` this is sparta ! '', 
  and `` what is your profession !? 
  all the best jokes have some truth to them . 
   nuclear operators have limited liability ... as does everything else in the world , including things that have the potential to cause far more damage than a nuclear power plant . 
  mines , oil refineries , oil rigs , hydro dams , etc. 
  there 's no reason why nuclear power should have unlimited liability when no other industry does . 
  most do eventually , but when you 're new to a university and/or living alone for the first time , there are a hundred other new things competing for your time . 
  standing around in the kitchen learning to cook ends up rather low on that priority list . 
   british people are not going to start cheering for people wearing an eu flag or being pleased when french people win sporting events . 
  i think swedes just might . 
  it would make it even easier to practice the old * `` we won ! '', 
  vs `` the team lost ... '' * . 
  if the frenchman competing for the eu wins , it 's because ** we ** are great . 
  if the frenchman loses , it 's because the french suck at sports . 
   three european union makes it easy to meet people from other countries ... 
  but that was n't very hard before the eu either . 
  traveling around western europe has never been particularly hard , to my knowledge . 
  going between sweden and norway illustrates quite nicely that if there 's a will to make travel easy , travel will be easy , regardless of whether there 's a european union involved or not . 
   the only one who wants to deliver it is rosatom ... to think , if not for the swedish ban on nuclear power research you could have just bought a nice swedish one and everyone would have been happy . 
  escaping is not a crime , so if you somehow manage to escape without breaking any other laws in the process , your sentence if caught will only be increased by the number of days you were missing . 
  of course , actually escaping from anything other than a minimum security facility without harming any person or damaging any object is pretty much impossible . 
  it ca n't be worse than what students forced to cook their own meals for the first time eat . 
  during their first semester , some people seemingly live off a diet that consists of 50 % undercooked rice and 50 % burnt rice . 
  meh , i 've known people who would take that offer . 
  compared to the $ 250 + you 'll pay for even the shittiest student housing in a city like lund , that 's a lot of extra alcohol you can afford . 
   ... but these reactors just get replaced with more powerful ones when there 's need . 
  that 's allowed today , but it has really only been the case for a few years . 
  for decades before that , even making plans for new reactors was illegal ( the oft-criticized * tankef\u00f6rbud * ) . 
  the social democrats were strongly against nuclear power , but lost a referendum about it in 1980 and could n't abolish it outright , so they did everything possible to make it difficult to actually run nuclear power plants . 
  they lost the 2006 and 2010 elections , though , so things have improved since . 
  for a [ sufficiently vague definition of `` close '' ] ( http://binged.it/1gilnev ) , sure . 
  similar underhanded strategies are used in sweden too . 
  first investment in new reactors was banned , then later the age ( and resulting high downtime for maintenance ) of the current reactors was used as an argument in favor of banning nuclear power altogether . 
   public officials are not allowed to take any gifts . 
  campaign contributions tend to be fine , though . 
   lobbying is n't corruption . 
  the distinction starts to get rather fuzzy when campaign contributions get involved . 
  define its role more clearly . 
  both what the eu is supposed to do and ( more importantly ) what it 's * not * supposed to do . 
  the eu is often seen as inefficient and meddling with things it has no business regulating about ( the old banana story , olive oil , etc. ) . 
  having a more clearly defined purpose and being clear about which things the eu should * not * get involved in would alleviate people 's concerns about some eu bureaucrat wasting their tax money on `` fixing '' non-issues . 
  it would also help get rid of the view that it 's just a playground for international lobbyists and career politicians while doing little for citizens . 
  there are fast-growing trees suitable for energy production . 
  it was the latest energy craze here in the late 1990s , before everyone got distracted by ethanol and started talking about that ( which seems to have shifted to biodiesel lately ) . 
  electricity and district heating . 
  i believe depositing household waste in landfills is actually illegal in sweden . 
  the problem is that all the jobs are in the capital . 
  because that 's where the people are ... because that 's where the jobs are . 
  it 's kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy , to the point where a quarter of sweden 's population live in or around stockholm . 
   germany has more corruption .
