  does n't help people who are illiterate or do n't know how to use a computer . 
  the question then is what the top hits for those phrases are when searching from syria using the search engines they used . 
  if the smugglers are good with search engine optimization , trying to read up on the subject may just feed you more misinformation . 
  that 's kind of self-filtering , though . 
  only the ones who are n't refugees will buy tickets , so it says nothing about the ones who stay . 
  the rest of the non-refugees will hopefully get deported eventually anyway . 
   jokes aside , i am fairly certain that we are being manipulated on a grand scale . 
  i do n't think anyone in charge is that clever . 
  far more worrying , i think it might be the opposite ; no one has any plan at all except for trying to survive to the next election , because anyone who tries any other strategy ca n't promise as much and loses . 
  in the long run , short sighted voters end up with short sighted leaders . 
  almost an evolutionary process . 
  extremely poorly implemented . 
  the point used to be that you had job security as long as you stuck around . 
  now you either have no job security at all , or you 're in a line of work where people are expected to not spend their whole careers in one place . 
  sweden was catholic for about five hundred years . 
  things were n't renamed with the reformation ; there just was n't ever any tradition of naming settlements after saints . 
  they 've always been named after the local geography or whoever founded them . 
   he never said that ... 
  he did imply that anyone critical of the current migration is incapable of compassion , though . 
  regardless of whether people 's reactions are proportional to the problem at hand , it 's both foolish and counterproductive to think that they oppose the policies because they 're not compassionate enough . 
   the map seems to align perfectly with `` saint '' being prevalent in catholic countries and in protestant and reformed countries and areas ( in northern germany for example ) not so much . 
  in names for towns and villages , specifically . 
  there are countless neighborhoods , squares , streets , etc. 
  named after saints in sweden . 
  i can see one from where i 'm sitting . 
  we 've just never used such names for towns . 
   do n't think its roads because my town has streets named after saints and does n't get a blip definitely not , or it 's highly inconsistent . 
  i live near a saintly named square , and the city is n't marked . 
  there 's a nearby city that has a whole district named after a saint , and that 's not marked either . 
  it 's just a peaceful spreadsade . 
  a couple of tens of thousands of friendly spreadsaders . 
  no one said they were smart . 
  blaming the media that came before , not the reporters that got attacked . 
  do n't you have hot blondes already ? 
   they hate the media . 
  that seems fair , though . 
  it seems like media always portrays them as either oppressed victims of a failed system or solely responsible for that system failing . 
  there 's never any nuance , and the only time anyone ever bothers to ask for their side of the story is when they can twist it into a sob story to fit with what the journalist had already decided on reporting before coming there . 
  no one ever goes there to * find out * , just to * report * based on an angle they 've already decided on . 
  the locals are hardly innocent , but neither is the media , and the main reason reporters are n't welcome is because every reporter that came before was an asshole . 
   i assume they were muslim migrants based on this : they were in rinkeby , so there 's a 90 % chance of that even without knowing anything else . 
  or it 's needlessly controversial and bad business . 
  if they risk losing more viewers by showing it than by not showing it , they wo n't . 
  the people who are most concerned are probably getting news from somewhere else anyway , and you ca n't lose viewers you never had in the first place . 
  i 'm sure their leather pants will go great with your leather hats , so why not . 
   have you read the news lately ? 
  we are willing to visit unspeakable cruelty on each other . 
  and it 's unusual . 
  that 's why it 's newsworthy . 
  as long as the risk of a national media outrage means the police ca n't actually open fire with anything dangerous , it 's not a terrible idea . 
  yes , the police * could * get rid of all of them in a minute , but they 're not allowed to . 
  because people who were n't there and who have never had a stone thrown anywhere near them would be upset . 
   what you call humanity is a face we put on to convince other people to cooperate with us . 
  no , most people are actually like that . 
  the only ones who are n't are crazies and people who like to pretend that they 're unique , ironically by saying the exact same things as everyone else pretending to be unique . 
   anyone who could potentially cause harm should never be let out . 
  that pretty much covers anyone ever . 
  the question is whether they 're significantly more likely to do something than the average person . 
   move out how ? 
  you need money to do that . 
   perhaps to a different city how will you do that if you do n't know anyone there and do n't have any money ? 
   file a restraining order if necessary . 
  how will you prove anything ? 
  even if you do get one , it does n't protect you from someone who cares more about defending `` family honor '' than going to prison . 
  you ca n't get 24/7 police protection for the rest of your life . 
  how is it legal regardless ? 
  if someone wants home education for their children , that 's a pretty strong argument in favor of not letting them . 
  it 's not legal here , and if the kids do n't attend school then the parents will lose custody . 
  economic benefits is nice , but just because they want safety for themselves , rights to do certain things , and liberty for some to do some things , does n't mean they want * everyone * to have * unrestricted * safety , rights , and liberty . 
  there is n't necessarily any contradiction someone who wants universal freedom of religion and someone who wants a theocracy that bans all other religions can still agree on one thing : that people who want to practice that one religion should be free to do so . 
  but they 'll disagree on everything else . 
  not much help if you need to use up a year 's supply to get high once . 
  your doctor is n't just going to give you however much you want any time you ask for it . 
  either way , it would be far less work to just smoke some illegally . 
  australia is supposed to be a prison . 
  the slow connections are part of the punishment . 
  it 's true . 
  it 's not relevant , but it 's true . 
  it really is 2016 . 
  to clarify , he was sentenced in 2015 for something he did back in 2009 , so he * is * currently in prison . 
  if he serves the full sentence , he 'll be released in late 2017 . 
   maybe it sells well to his electorate or maybe he 's just like this , and many of his voters are too . 
  not every politician is a pr mastermind . 
  some just happen to be relatable . 
   assuming that their isis involvement can be proven which is often easier said than done . 
  you would n't download hitler 's car . 
  you were n't * required * to have one , but not having one was rather suspect . 
  even if you never planned to open it , buying a copy and putting it in your bookshelf was a sensible investment . 
   there have been plenty of people deported who could spread the tale that it is n't as easy to get access to europe and get unlimited money etc. 
  not nearly plenty enough , considering they 'll be deported back to a number of countries spread out over two continents . 
  when the ( relative ) success stories outnumber the failures a hundred to one , people are obviously going to continue trying . 
  if you deport enough people that most of those who go come back empty handed , they 're going to quickly run out of excuses and credibility . 
  things do n't have to change to where it stops seeming like a good idea , as long as it stops seeming like something any sane person would bet their entire life savings on . 
   in the meanwhile greece and italy will become an big human ghetto . 
  only if people are n't deported quickly enough . 
  issue a policy of not accepting any asylum applications on eu territory , and you can deport everyone immediately . 
  have embassies and consulates handle asylum applications . 
  there 'll be an initial rush , but it 'll die down pretty quickly once people realize that no one applying in the country is going to be approved unless they have very special circumstances . 
   well there are enough puppet theater - be/me degrees already so maybe that 's a good thing the nonsense degrees are cheap , so budget cuts do n't really affect them much . 
  you do n't even need books when all you 're teaching was made up recently .
