  only if you assume that a lot of young swedish women will end up in relationships with recently arrived immigrants who do n't speak a word of swedish . 
  which probably is n't that likely . 
  sure , but this is all their fault anyway because vague patriarchal reasons . 
   and to think sweden could have helped far more people by spending that same money on local refugee camps . 
  it 's not about helping people , though . 
  it never was . 
  it 's about feeling good about the fact that you 're so charitable , and that works less well if you ca n't see the people you 're helping . 
  you 'll see them occasionally in most of sweden , including occasionally in central stockholm . 
  we tried that . 
  then one of them sank . 
  they compensate by having lots of space between the sauna and other people , as evidenced by these pictures . 
  of course not . 
  they 're sticking to the russian federal republic of crimea , the russian federal city of sevastopol , and independent novorussiyan areas . 
  none of them are in ukraine . 
   i do n't know how he gets them , but he is not smuggling them here himself . 
  truck drivers taking the ferry from poland and making some extra money , most likely . 
  there 's a lot of such traffic . 
  it 's how we got alcohol when i was a teenager . 
  seemingly bought in belarus most of the time . 
  there 's no answer to that question . 
  it 's definitely * mosty * in asia , but it 's not possible to say if it 's also partially in europe . 
  the border has never had a widely recognized definition that was more precise than `` the caucasus mountains '' . 
  so we can say for sure that armenia is * not * in europe and that azerbaijan * is * ( partially ) in europe , but to say anything about georgia you 'd need a more precise definition . 
  and no such definition exists , and inventing one does n't help unless you can convince the world that your border is the `` right '' one . 
  i 'm pretty sure you need to bring some heavier weapons than pepper spray if you want to ride the reaperbahn . 
   thats because you have to be in a shooting club for one year before you can even suggest to get one . 
  this could be why people get started now . 
  if things get really bad in a year or five , you wo n't be able to instantly get a permit . 
  and if it 's anything like in sweden , there 's also a dkpr , kpdr , mlpdr , psgr , and rsbr . 
  same opinions , but slightly more revolutionary and determined to include that in the name , even if the name already included the word `` revolutionary '' . 
   if you are n't totally stupid and put in some effort you can aquire them in eastern europe and the balkans . 
  and if you have money to spend , you can buy them from someone who smuggled them in . 
  where there 's a market , there 's a seller . 
  laws make it more expensive and more time-consuming to find a reliable contact , but they do n't make it impossible or even necessarily very difficult . 
  anyone could get weapons if they had the time and money . 
  pretty much . 
  same as how they cry over one dead kid because there was a picture of him , but do n't care about a hundred thousand kids dead somewhere else because they never saw them . 
  start from the end of the pictures , and you 'll see at least one . 
   nk using capitalism trickery against capitalist pig-dogs . 
  but it was a socialist government that guaranteed the funds . 
  that 's the only reason why volvo was willing to sell anything , and the whole thing was pretty much done for political reasons . 
   in the event of a swedish invasion they could potentially threat to nuke seoul ... sure , but no one in sweden would really care all that much . 
  sweden is n't allied with south korea , and it 's too far away for the fallout to matter . 
  nk would just be wasting resources that they could have used in the war . 
  i think you underestimate just how foul a can of surstr\u00f6mming smells when opened . 
  the actual fish tastes okay , but the smell is to the point where the proper way of opening a can is slowly , outdoors , at the bottom of a bucket of water . 
   then why attach brooms to them in the first place ? 
  possibly to simulate some foreign vehicle during an exercise . 
  major exercises often have some kind of story , with the participating troops split into two sides . 
  and you can attach pretty much anything anywhere if you have enough tape . 
  depends on your program . 
  here a degree in chemistry has to include a semester and a half of something that is n't chemistry . 
  99 % of the time that half-semester will be math , as you need that anyway as a prerequisite for later courses , but it still leaves one semester to go somewhere else and study physics or biology or whatever . 
   which is ` new ' when compared to the trends of the last century . 
  the last century , perhaps , but not the last couple of decades . 
   only fraction of people are participating because they want to actually learn something . 
  and they 'll quickly learn that they 're in the wrong program for that . 
  all non-engineering science seems to fall into that category . 
  so all biologists , chemists , physicists , astronomers , geologists , meteorologists , etc. 
  are `` other '' . 
   if you go in expecting a normal distribution ... ... you need to realize that there 's a sharp cutoff at the lower end , and that you 're not going to find some very small population of three year old university students . 
  especially not ones participating in exchange programs . 
  you 'd have to skip at least one grade to qualify for college at 17 here . 
  nine years of primary school plus three years of high school means you 're at least 18-19 . 
  then potentially a year of military service , work , or complementary courses required to study something in particular . 
  there are occasional 17 year olds , but they 're * very * rare . 
  enough so that the university bars do n't have to check ids , because everyone working there knows about all the students who are n't yet 18 . 
  that does n't explain much in this case , as it 's the furthest away piece that looks much bigger than it should . 
  local students will also try to avoid it if they 've been studying for more than a year . 
  you get used to the cycle of people coming and then leaving , and quickly learn not to put too much time or effort into making friends who will just leave anyway . 
  it may sound cynical , but i lived in a student corridor for several years , and it had two out of twelve rooms reserved for foreign students . 
  you get to know them the first year or two , then you just do n't care anymore . 
  i found that local students drank more than foreign students . 
  but i guess that might depend on where `` local '' is . 
  when drinking shots of vodka with breakfast is an old student tradition ( * sillfrukost * ) , foreign students will have to work just to keep up . 
   is n't that open to abuse by a country wanting cheap labour ? 
  but does anyone * actually * want unskilled laborers who ca n't speak the language ? 
  cheap labor keeps being brought up in every discussion about immigration , but it 's never really explained just what these people are expected to actually * do * . 
   i 'm talking about real life , like mentioned by i believe the point was that even if germany had adopted a `` no immigrants ever '' policy from the start , with razorwire and landmines along the entire border , those immigrants would still come . 
  except they 'd be headed to poland as a `` second best '' destination . 
  the only reason millions are n't heading for poland is because they might as well go to germany instead , so poland is seeing an artificially reduced number . 
  both svenska dagbladet and dagens nyheter covered it , as did tt . 
  it 's at the top of the front page in g\u00f6teborgsposten . 
  i ca n't comment on tv news as i do n't own one . 
  it 's shocking in the same way that traffic accidents are shocking : people did n't expect it to happen right there right then ( or they would n't have gone to work that day ) , but the fact that it happened at all is not just unsurprising but entirely expected . 
  we wo n't know for sure until the police investigation is done . 
  maybe not even then . 
  because they do n't actually work . 
  not unless the immigrant is a tree , anyway . 
  they 're not accurate enough to hold up in court , which makes them a complete waste of tax money . 
  if he had a fake id when entering , he would have been registered as that age , and the police ca n't do much . 
  the 23 year old was another case , though ; we do n't know yet if this guy had lied about his age . 
  if someone really is 20 + , they 'd probably pick something like 16-17 rather than 14 . 
  it 's easier to get away with . 
  well , we might demand herring on holidays . 
  though we 'd settle for a sufficient supply of vodka . 
  i think you 're about 30 years late for that . 
  even the most multiculturalist left wing extremists do n't deny it . 
  though they place the blame entirely on the swedes who move out of those neighborhoods , of course . 
   drunks killing drunks .
