  it 's not limited to the english ? 
  i believe the default insult against the welsh is to not acknowledge that wales is an actual place and simply call them english . 
  it works for scots and irishmen too , but they tend to take it a lot more personally . 
   mean would n't knowledge of that past suggest that you should listen to their concerns every time and that these concerns are justified ? 
  their concerns may or may not be justified . 
  it 's an organization full of people who did n't get to vote in the 1920s , so it 's not like they have any first hand experience of the rise of fascism that others lack . 
  it was long enough ago that everything they know about it is from a history book , same as everyone else . 
  there 's no particular reason why they 'd be better at predicting such things than anyone else . 
  i doubt she 'd pick a method this messy . 
  if she wanted to `` poach '' qualified workers , she 'd just hand out work visas to people and make it easy for those people to become citizens later . 
  or tell teenagers which skills are expected to be needed , and they 'll happily learn those professions . 
  it 's not like there 's a shortage of potential workers . 
  they might be , but it wo n't help them much until they 've spent a few years learning the language , then a year or two at university relearning terminology and learning all the relevant local regulations . 
  people with useful degrees and good english skills could possibly get jobs right away without having to speak a word of german , but anyone with that option open to them would n't be arriving like this . 
   would have to study pretty much every exam which would mean learning english first . 
  same with a plumber or any trade for that matter . 
  same with any job ever . 
  there 's literally no job you can get if you ca n't speak with people , except perhaps a government job created specifically for people in your situation . 
  people coming to the uk are better off than people coming to many other countries , though , because in britain you 're at least only expected to know one language . 
   i 'm just blown away you could travel to a country while knowing so little of it , with the intent to live there . 
  when staying where you are does n't feel like an option and you do n't know a whole lot of good things about anywhere else but have heard some things about germany , why not ? 
   it could also disturb civilian lives even more . 
  i guess they figure that there are n't that many civilian syrians left to disturb , or at least not ones who can or want to leave anyway . 
   i literally got to -9 on / r/worldnews for saying the syrian government is a dictatorship . 
  everyone knew this since before the war started . 
  it 's * why * the war started . 
  if you got downvoted , it was probably because of how you said it or what comment you were replying to . 
  everyone hoping that assad wins are well aware that he 's a dictator , but right now he 's the lesser evil and he and isis seem to be the only ones who are even capable of winning . 
   what if those rebels win ? 
  we get a state run by religious fundies and their only redeeming quality is that they are not as bad as isis ? 
  judging by afghanistan , libya and iraq , that 's the best case scenario . 
  the most likely outcome seems to be more instability and more war regardless of who wins . 
   the american `` minuteman '' icbm with a range of 13,000 km has an accuracy of 150 m , while the best russian icbm is at 100-250 m precision . 
  those are built to carry warheads where missing by a few hundred meters does n't matter , because the target is destroyed anyway . 
  both countries could probably increase their precision significantly if there was any reason to . 
  if you assume that the russians will miss , the video probably is n't going to convince you no matter what . 
  burning down camps is practically doable . 
  setting fire to parliament is not , due to much higher security . 
  going after merkel would just get them arrested without ever changing anything or sending any message . 
   they did n't even wait for the refugee to come . 
  well , if they * are * going to burn it down then is n't it best to do it before there are people there who can get hurt or be forced to move ? 
  if there 's ever a good time to burn down a camp , it would be before anyone has arrived there . 
  judging by previous news stories , this could be more a case of `` is now official '' rather than `` begins '' . 
  water is cheating , though . 
  norway 's power supply is pretty much all water . 
  very renewable and all , but it does n't really help anyone else and they did n't do it because it was environmentally friendly . 
  most showers in the world have been privatized since they were invented . 
  mine certainly is n't open to the public , but i * could * be convinced to selectively allow access to it . 
  it 's not very constructive , though . 
   it seems like it 'd be better to be able to craft your policies in a way that they could be sold to voters as opposed to sneakily-imposed on them . 
  you do a little bit of both . 
  state-level politicians probably do the same thing in the us . 
  anything good was their doing , while anything bad was forced upon them by washington . 
  if someone brings up the fact that they voted in favor of it , they 'll just blame party politics and say it would have gone through with or without them . 
  it came across as very condescending , especially with the smiley at the end . 
  they do n't * need * another way . 
  it 's just convenient . 
  the real problem is n't the politicians , but the voters . 
  i do n't think the missile knows that , though . 
   if it invaded turkish airspace ( a member of nato ) and engaged in dogfighting like hell it would . 
  if that happened then everyone would just pretend it did n't happen . 
   terrorists do n't have ships and located a bit too far for naval bombardment . 
  [ these ships ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kirov-class_battlecruiser ) with their standard armament of [ these missiles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/p-700_granit ) can reach anywhere in syria as well as parts of iraq . 
  together with [ the russian aircraft carrier ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_aircraft_carrier_admiral_kuznetsov ) , they can provide quite a lot of support for any ground troops , while staying safe from any counterattack . 
  well , the russians are officially going to war , so it would be rather silly to expect them to hold back . 
  especially when they and nato have a common enemy . 
  no one wants to be known as the guy who stopped russia from destroying isis . 
   i still hate the whole `` let 's do some military stuff to distract people from actual problems '' , though . 
  i guess with / r/europe 's recent favorite topic being a thing , ending the conflict in syria counts as dealing with an actual problem . 
   hell if its russian backed dictators you want to pick a fight with , you do n't have to look further than europe . 
  yeah , but after how the whole maidan thing turned out in ukraine , i do n't think anyone is going to be supporting revolutionary groups in belarus any time soon . 
  they 're cooperating with a nato country to fighting against the islamists and the russian-backed dictator . 
  what more do you want ? 
   please explain to me why turkey is still in nato ? 
  strategic location . 
  with turkey and denmark in nato , the russian navy has to go through nato-controlled waters in order to do anything . 
  if turkey leaves or is kicked out , you have to either invite egypt to join or accept that you 've lost control of the world 's oceans . 
   why are major european countries vying for them to join the eu ? 
  because it 's one of the biggest economies in europe , and them joining would give the eu a lot more weight to throw around internationally . 
  for anyone more interested in external than internal politics , that alone is reason enough . 
  let 's hope not . 
  it did n't end too well for germany last time . 
  thirty years of war and all that . 
   we all know british plugs are the best . 
  clearly not true . 
  they 're not even symmetrical . 
  just do n't think this knowledge can be applied to any other words . 
  swedish plural forms are highly irregular and there are probably about a hundred different variants . 
  only one is ever correct , of course . 
   i do n't know anyone on anti-depressants that are happy . 
  i do . 
  and i bet that you * do * know some people on anti-depressants of some kind who * are * happy , but since they do n't appear depressed you 'd never even consider the possibility that they might be . 
  the only way you 'd ever know is if you went through their bathroom cabinets or if they told you ( and they would n't unless you * had to * know because there 's still a pretty big social stigma attached to it , to the point where some people do n't even tell their own families ) . 
   they struggle with anxiety , stress or depression for a reason . 
  often the reason is just `` you lost the genetic lottery '' . 
  depressions do n't actually need to be triggered by anything . 
  sometimes you 're just genetically predisposed to them and no matter what you do you get it , and nothing short of medication will prevent it from happening or bring you out of it sooner . 
  sometimes life just screws you over . 
  many do during the first few months . 
  when depressed , ( many ) people will be unhappy but too exhausted or demotivated to do anything about it .
