  the european union officially disagrees and considers in an intentional crime against humanity with the purpose of wiping out the local population . 
  it does n't explicitly use the word `` genocide '' , but many member states do . 
  so what would you call the holodomor , if not a genocide ? 
  because plenty of countries have officially recognized it as such . 
  slap some paint on them , and most of those buildings would look really nice . 
  certainly better than most of the generic glass-and-steel stuff that gets built today . 
  give them [ a paint job like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/catedral_de_salta_1.jpg ) and they 'd be really cheerful . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd call it suggesting , but strongly implying , perhaps ? 
  fond memories of being allies during wwii ? 
  british anti-eu groups have been posting pictures of polish spitfire pilots for years , so they 're clearly popular ... 
   i wonder why you guys like it so much . 
  it 's a really neat building . 
  no need to dislike the building now just because you dislike the regime that paid for it . 
  the workers who actually built it probably were n't involved in any genocides . 
  which is pretty good in itself . 
  54 teams competing for 24 spots in the tournament . 
  nonsense . 
  while no one likes gypsies while they 're actually around , everyone loves to pretend to tolerate them when they 're not . 
  since the gypsies are n't here right now , we 'll enthusiastically defend their rights to not have coins thrown at them . 
  we had a referendum about whether we should stop failing and join the emu , resulting in an in hindsight very wise ` no ' , so i do n't think * anyone * is convinced . 
  that 's what you get when you make membership mandatory but do n't set a deadline . 
  or just go the swedish route and accidentally fail to meet the criteria , year after year , indefinitely . 
  phrasing and timing matter . 
  orban got it right . 
  they did n't . 
  everyone except the parliament , presumably . 
  everyone else was put there by a government that was elected for something else entirely . 
  it 's democratically awkward . 
  it makes national elections needlessly complicated by adding eu politics to the mess , and it makes people care less about the eup elections as they only decide one part of the eu `` government '' . 
  mostly saying things that should be obvious , like that if the uk leaves the eu then they wo n't be able to just keep all the convenient benefits without having to care about the responsibilities that come with them . 
  single market and such . 
  the leave camp tends to be intentionally vague about just what happens with eu treaties if the uk leaves . 
  not really threats , but it sort of came across that way . 
  of course it 's manipulation . 
  that 's the only reason anyone has ever taken out any size ad in any newspaper , ever . 
  you do n't pay unless you think you have * something * to gain from it . 
  but that does n't mean it ca n't still be nice . 
  of course they do . 
  in addition to the obvious white , they also like brown ( at least for shirts ) , noble-aryan-blood-red , and pure-sky-over-the-one-reich-blue . 
   why do you have such a vested interest in latin being the superior cultural export ... perspective . 
  someone claimed that it was the most influential in the history of mankind when it really , really is n't . 
  the only reason it seems that way is because the prior cultural influences were so strong that we taken them for granted today . 
  it 's nothing new . 
   ... you are n't that old are you ? 
  i guess that depends on what you consider to be `` that old '' . 
  i 'm 32 . 
   we are using their language as an international language ... just like how latin was used in academia , law , and religion a thousand years after the empire fell . 
  the catholic church still does . 
  now * that * is cultural influence . 
  and if they believe that he posses a threat to the future of the country 's economy and political standing in the world , it makes perfect sense . 
  it 's always possible to rejoin again later . 
  and that it might be true . 
  the conspiratards always seem to be too busy believing in nonsense to catch wind of any of the actual shady business that happens . 
  it would be naive not to at least consider the possibility . 
  for half a second . 
  then dismiss it as highly implausible . 
  but unscrupulous politicians have done far crazier things , and history is full of examples of actual false flag operations , some successful and some not . 
  but you can sail a brexit fleet down the thames . 
  that means it 's * relatively * mainstream . 
  it 's certainly not politically correct , but it 's also not controversial enough to be politically ** in ** correct . 
  most political issues do n't really have any politically incorrect opinion . 
  just people disagreeing without playing the pc card . 
   i 'm pretty sure there are people who want to vote but ca n't decide beforehand about what to vote , who mostly eventually just vote for the status quo . 
  even wikipedia states this on their polls page . 
  or who go back and forth , ultimately deciding that they do n't feel confident that they know what 's best , resulting in a vote for the status quo . 
   trust me it 's not . 
  you should have seen the comments on the financial times article when they endorsed remaining in the eu . 
  so the fact that you 've been baited by other trolls means this ca n't be a troll ? 
  the whole point of comment trolling is to say something that 's insane , but * just * close enough to what someone might actually say that it 's credible . 
  and if people believe it , what they consider plausible gets pushed just a little further . 
   the english have their own culture , and it 's probably one of the most successful export products in the history of mankind . 
  well , it still pales compared to the cultural exports of the ancient greeks and the romans . 
  we 've just taken most of their ideas for granted for two thousand years . 
  consider the distance and that being a translator usually requires a higher level of knowledge of both languages than simply being fluent . 
  much of it can also be assumed to be legal and diplomatic documents , so they 'll involve a lot of terminology that most people wo n't be familiar with , and which has to be translated precisely . 
  yeah , but they 're doing very poorly in the polls ( down to 38 % ) and have come very close to having to resign twice in the past two years , both times directly or indirectly related to their immigration policies , so that does n't say much about the opinions of anyone else . 
  we already have our own busty blondes and muscular bearded vikings . 
  no need for imports . 
  well , he 's right . 
  it 's not fair . 
  it 's arguably necessary , and hopefully it 'll encourage russia to deal with the matter seriously , but it definitely is n't fair to the athletes who did nothing wrong and the people who want to see them compete . 
   there should n't be a difficulty to find a translator for the goddamn pm of malta . 
  in a country with less than half a million inhabitants , finding someone willing to work as an interpreter in a foreign country might be difficult . 
  finding someone who wants that job and who is actually qualified to translate legal documents might be impossible . 
  but germany is in the video . 
  they just call you alemania . 
  probably because you 're so crazy about beer . 
  you could say the same about western poland . 
  history is full of unpleasantness , some of it not that long ago . 
  one group can grow a beard , the other ca n't ? 
   actually , russia militarizing kaliningrad kinda forces us to have bigger military presence here aswell . 
  sure , but russia can easily justify that presence by saying that central european countries force them to have it . 
  we might not agree , but that does n't count for much as russia probably disagrees about the baltic states needing their own military presence . 
  it 's all based on mistrust from all sides . 
   would n't that mean that nato may be mobilizing in your example ? 
  hypothetically , sure , but the scale of the nato exercises are underwhelming . 
  you ca n't really achieve anything meaningful on this scale without a * much * bigger force . 
  in russia 's defense , they kind of need a base in kaliningrad . 
  it 's russian territory full of russians , and it 's pretty much impossible to defend if you do n't have a permanent presence there already . 
  it 's also a very sensible location for a naval resupply base for the baltic sea fleet .
