  what really matters is the level of income inequality , and there are far better measures of that than relative poverty figures . 
   growing inequality is a problem . 
  sure , but then be honest enough to call it what it is . 
  there 's a world of difference between income inequality and actual * poverty * . 
  especially if you - like this article - insinuate that it 's about third world levels of poverty . 
  good intentions do not excuse dishonesty . 
   ... which would be guaranteed to be on the front page of every newspaper in europe . 
  it 's on the front page of every newspaper in europe already , and will probably remain so for the next week . 
   ... planes flying over western europe are probably directly passing above another town every minute or so . 
  but if it only takes them 1-2 seconds to pass above , that still means the odds are pretty bad . 
  and far from everything hitting a town actually does any damage . 
  much of the area is roads , parking lots , rails , gardens , parks , etc. 
  so while things certainly * can * hurt people on the ground , the odds are poor . 
  it 's highly unlikely that debris would hit anything of value overland , unless you could time the detonation very precisely , and that may not be possible without making the plan as a whole less reliable . 
  having scrap metal rain down over some forest or farm does n't really achieve anything . 
  some vessels range very far out and can stay out for some time . 
  so they might actually be locals in the middle of the sea , spending more time there than in any port . 
  but you ca n't prove that . 
  the data matches what we 'd expect based on population numbers . 
  anything beyond that is just speculation . 
  it does n't have to be russians saying things . 
  it just makes sense that there would be a lot of russian things to talk about . 
  i 'm not saying that it * is n't * due to specific recent events , just that the high number does n't actually point to anything , as the mentions/capita is about the same as germany and most other countries . 
  it 's very natural that larger countries get mentioned more often , and there 's a * very * large number of russians in europe . 
  because past the top three it 's not entirely proportionate anymore . 
  but the top mentions are also the most populous countries , and most of the low-mention countries also have low population . 
  it 's not perfectly proportional , but if you take it as \u00b1 10 it works for all but a handful of countries . 
  keep in mind that the sample size is small . 
  it 's lovely if you already have a place to live or if you 're only visiting . 
  anything in between and it sucks . 
   without rent control , would n't it push all `` poor '' families outside the city center , risking creating ghettos ? 
  sure , but you 're getting the same thing anyway simply because no one can get a rent controlled apartment regardless of income . 
  there are n't any available , as the waiting time implies . 
  the only way you 're going to get an apartment in the center of town is if you can spare $ 300-500k to buy one . 
  rent control can only work if you keep building new rental apartments to keep up with demand . 
  the neighborhoods usually are n't too bad , aesthetically . 
  the houses are ugly , but they were usually built with plenty of green areas in between . 
  plenty of trees , grass , and flowerbeds . 
  they tried to fix that by selling most of the rent controlled apartments to the tenants . 
  unfortunately it mostly lead to speculation and the people who were offered to buy their apartments for nothing getting rich at the expense of anyone who tries to get their own place today . 
   even if the pent cap causes long queues without it the rents get insanely high , and nobody is homeless in stockholm due to the regulation of rents . 
  people are living in rented rooms , with overpriced third-hand contracts , paying $ 300k for an apartment in a lousy neighborhood , or simply ca n't take a job in stockholm because you 're just not going to find a home . 
  and there are definitely plenty of homeless people . 
  as the article states , while there * are * rent controlled apartments , you ca n't actually get one unless you planned your homelessness twenty years in advance . 
  france has n't really been in the news lately , and the last 1000 posts do n't go very far back . 
  and ukraine has been a topic of conversation for a while now , with the ongoing war and all that . 
  i think people talking about the us is pretty common , but mentioning it a bit less so . 
  commenters tend to rely on the flair for context , which makes sense as it 's more recognizable and widely known than most other flags . 
  there are ~ 150m people in russia . 
  it should n't be surprising . 
  but they have both the netherlands and holland !, 
  that 's two , right ? 
  the most mentioned countries are fairly proportional to population . 
  russia being mentioned the most can easily be explained by the fact that it has a higher population than any other country on the map . 
  this would also explain why germany and turkey are # 2 and # 3 . 
  after that it starts to get a bit disproportionate , with countries like ireland , greece , and sweden getting disproportionately many mentions . 
  it 's basically one long beach with some breweries . 
  not a bad place to visit , but i 'm not sure how anyone manages to live there . 
  the question is which of the two things in the title is less likely . 
   you 're not allowed to do this thing you do n't want to do until you 've first done this other thing you do n't want to do either !, 
  harsh . 
   is this an error on their page or are they seriously suggesting that germany exports 9 million billion euros to france ? 
  am i not understanding this ? 
  it 's presumably a typo of some sort . 
  9 million billion euros is a hundred times more money than the gdp of the entire world put together . 
  it 's far more money than exists or has ever existed . 
   just cut the debts . 
  there is no point in trying to collect them . 
  assuming you can get everyone they owe money to agree to it . 
  many would refuse , hoping that if the country is relieved of * most * of their debts , they 'll be able to pay back the rest . 
  correlation does shout loudly and point in the direction of causation , though . 
  it might not be right , but odds are n't that bad . 
  same with my samsung . 
  it 's been fine for years without a case , aside from some minor scratches in the corners from the times when it has bounced down a concrete staircase . 
   a months training the point would be that everyone has had a year or so of training before , so the month would be spent refreshing skills rather than learning new things . 
  depends entirely on how far in advance it would seem very likely . 
  sweden got rid of conscription about ten years ago , so there 's no * current * legal basis to call everyone to arms and people who , but most men above 30 do have some military training . 
  with some advance warning and the will to do it , it would be easy enough to reinstate conscription and send everyone on a month of re-training to get another 2-3 million people ready for war . 
  i guess it comes down to what preceded the invasion . 
  britain and france have been willing to go to war before in response to military action in the other side of europe . 
  you do n't have to be gay to like muscular men . 
  it 's an excuse to drink and you know that the more sober you are , the more you 'll suffer . 
  so you 've got both opportunity and incentive to get really drunk . 
  hard to top . 
  it 's their own fault for being with someone with such terrible taste in movies . 
  my girlfriend mostly makes me see the hobbit movies , which in hindsight might not have been much of an improvement . 
  if you apply for asylum somewhere , you 're an asylum seeker . 
  that does n't make you a * refugee * , but more than one term applies . 
  finally something that the neonazis and immigrants can agree about !, 
  they can burn the camps together as a bonding experience . 
  it really only works if you 're the federal republic of germany . 
  the far side of the moon , obviously . 
  i 've seen a documentary about it . 
  * `` and to prove that we 're not nazis , we 're making it illegal to suggest that we are . 
  it 's almost exactly the same as the swedish word aside from the shortening , yes . 
  swedish got rid of the middle `` jas '' from * frejas dag * ( or * frejs dag * , but that 's a whole other can of worms ) at some point , leaving us with * fredag * . 
  most finnish words are unnecessarily long . 
  you probably do have at least half a dozen words for breathing , though . 
  panting and wheezing and hyperventilating and stuff , along with a couple of different words for * not * breathing . 
  i mean , how many activities have even one word for not doing it ?
