  you do n't have to actually change the demographics to fix that , though . 
  it could also be fixed by increasing productivity while people work , getting people who can to start working earlier , or keeping people who can do so working longer . 
  figuring out ways to make care for the elderly more cost-efficient would also help . 
   if someone likes to scream simple solutions to complex problems it never works . 
  simple solutions tend to work better than pretending nothing is wrong and that everything will be alright somehow , though . 
  sitting around hoping for the best tends to be the worst thing you can do in politics . 
  trying and failing beats not even trying . 
  especially not if you 're using that line of reasoning to make fun of those dumb racists for thinking that some people are subhuman . 
   proper response would need to be on the eu level . 
  that would be ideal , but so far it has failed miserably . 
  the eu moves much too slowly when it 's something this controversial , and by the time everyone manages to agree on something , it 'll be 5-10 years too late to matter . 
   but most emergent harder-right parties offer no meaningful solutions . 
  neither does anyone else . 
  when it 's a choice between * `` no solutions because we do n't see a problem '' * and * `` no solutions yet but we 're trying '' * , the latter is going to be more appealing to a lot of people . 
  when one side is spending more time trying to convince people that there is n't a problem than actually trying to solve anything , the opposition does n't really have to do much to get votes . 
  i do n't know ... talking about the existence of `` subhumans '' seems like one of those things people associate with extreme conservatives . 
   scandinavia is n't ( and never was ) a geographical region . 
  it used to be , back in roman times . 
  it referred to scania and everything beyond . 
  the northern and eastern borders were n't really defined at the time , though , as the gulf of bothnia had n't been mapped yet . 
   i have never heard people using the concept `` norden '' . 
  it 's even in the swedish national anthem !, 
  yeah , but it 's rather clumsy and `` nordic countries '' implies a collection of separate entities , while `` norden '' impliies a single geographical and cultural entity , so they 're not * entirely * equivalent . 
  or just that you 're saying something they want to believe and they do n't give a shit if it 's actually relevant or not . 
  it 's pretty standard on reddit . 
   he also explained his source ( himself growing up in france ) and people are pointing out that `` myself '' is an anecdote , not a source , unless you 're a researcher in the field . 
  no one is saying he 's * wrong * . 
  just that there 's no particular reason to believe he 's right either . 
  if one random person who went to school once could reliably tell you everything that 's going on in the school system twenty years later , we would n't need research . 
  we 'd just call that one guy every time . 
  but unfortunately one data point is little better than no data points . 
  we do n't talk about that . 
   that 's 25 + years of experience for me . 
  25 + years being bullied in primary school ? 
  dutch people are n't allowed to do that . 
  you need foreigners . 
  we can come and raid him , if you want ? 
  if they got into europe unaccompanied , they can probably get a little bit further if they want to . 
  i doubt that there 's any significant number who are orphaned after already reaching europe . 
   and our children ? 
  i do n't think there hare been any cases like that . 
  how many of everyone else has gone missing ? 
  migrants seem to like moving on to another country when they 're not satisfied with where they are . 
   i have actually known a few smokers who would have a cigarette if they were drinking , or very occasionally , but who did n't otherwise smoke as a normal practice . 
  or ever buy cigarettes . 
  that 's still bad for you . 
  small quantities of alcohol cause no harm to you . 
  we 've got alcohol dehydrogenase to save the day , unless you overwhelm it by drinking far too much . 
  people outside of turkey can still talk about turkish events , and with a lot of turks there will be a lot of events . 
  the fact that the country is bigger and thus more influential also factors in . 
  what the turkish president says is more internationally relevant than what the president of lithuania says . 
  it 's debatable if it 's actually a financial loss . 
  in addition to the extra taxes , smokers also do n't live as long , but usually do live long enough to retire . 
  so they pay as much in taxes but do n't get as much back when retiring as they do n't last long . 
   i do n't think the eu wants to open that can of worms yet . 
  or ever . 
  to even suggest that people ca n't have snaps on midsummer would probably get you murdered . 
  you can do public readings while waiting for a higher court to throw it out . 
  just have a large rally and recite it together . 
   that does n't mean that everybody else has to use that word in that way . 
  no , but discussing things becomes rather pointless when people use different definitions for words . 
  when only being able to afford last year 's iphone model means you 're poor , you 've strayed quite far from what the word normally means . 
   extreme inequality , immobility , long term social exclusion and vulnerability are perfectly sensible and longstanding meanings of the word . 
  sure , but then measure * that * . 
  relative poverty is a horrendously bad measure of those things , because we 're not really interested in whether someone is more or less mobile than whoever , but whether their level of mobility is acceptable . 
  the names does n't really fit the rest of the peninsula anyway . 
  it 's supposed to mean `` dangerous land '' , referring to the navigation hazards , but most of scandinavia is unproblematic in that regard . 
  scania 's coast , however , is a treacherous mess of shifting sand banks . 
  the plot thickens !, 
  it 's the standard way of eating it in sweden . 
  pasta + ketchup + meatballs or whatever . 
  and norwegians go to sweden . 
  `` fewer than in denmark or norway '' . 
  true . 
  scandinavia is more or less defined by the mountain range , and finland does have one small part of that . 
  denmark does n't . 
   because in swedish we almost only use `` norden/nordbor '' , very rarely `` skandinavien/skandinavier '' . 
  indeed . 
  and a lot of people simply translate norden to scandinavia , because it 's the closest word in english that anyone will actually know . 
   why would you have two different names if you use the concepts interchangeably ? 
  because english does n't have a good word for what they 're trying to convey ( `` norden '' ) , and because a lot of these terms have historically been a bit vague . 
  impossible . 
  fins are just swedes who ( sometimes ) speak a different language . 
  indo-european  germanic  scandinavian . 
  they 're both . 
  there are probably a bunch of linguistic classification levels in between those , but whatever . 
  going by arbitrary translation . 
  the word * rape * does n't exist in swedish , so they go by the nearest equivalent , * v\u00e5ldt\u00e4kt * . 
  which is fine as a linguistic translation , but it falls apart when you look at what the word means in a judicial context . 
  as names for crimes , those crimes are very different . 
  so it 's a bit like saying that sweden is the coconut capital of europe , because sweden grows a lot of apples and that 's sort of similar . 
  agreed . 
  there are plenty of great american beers , but if you want the very best of the best that money can get you , it 's belgian . 
  when it comes to economics , you can always find an expert predicting every possible outcome , and a couple of impossible ones . 
  no matter how likely or unlikely , * someone * saw it coming . 
   relative poverty still hurts people . 
  not really . 
  it 's a meaningless number . 
  there will by definition always be relative poverty . 
  if you define it as being in the bottom 30 % then 30 % of the population will always be relatively `` poor '' no matter what you do to address it .
