   and because of that i will get shitfaced , as is great finish national tradition . 
  is n't it also a german tradition , with the main difference being what kind of alcohol you drink ? 
  lots of parties does n't necessarily mean lots of votes . 
  we 'll see how it goes in a few weeks . 
  that 's still significant if the percentages are near the 50 % mark . 
   there is n't a barrier . 
  there 's still a functional barrier , as you ca n't get 0.43 seats in parliament . 
   the eu + us should have a joint `` dalai lama policy '' . 
  china would be powerless against it . 
  if the eu and us could get along to have a joint policy on * anything * , china would n't really have much to say in the matter . 
  when half the world 's gdp speaks , the rest ca n't afford to not listen . 
  it does n't even have to be federal . 
  the current eu could be decent for things like this , but that 's little comfort to countries ( like norway ) that are n't part of the union . 
   ... it should be their problem , not ours . 
  should be , but is n't . 
  things get rather onesided when one country is literally a hundred times bigger than the other . 
  we 'd prefer not to . 
   as if the voting for britain 's song in the wake of the iraq invasion a few years ago was n't proof enough ... 
  does that really prove anything ? 
  no one ever votes for britain anyway . 
   vi \u00c4lskar er , sverige you 're only saying that because you 're drunk . 
   aah , the legendary german whine about the db always makes me laugh . 
  `` the god damn train is 4 minutes late again . '', 
  it 's the exact same thing in sweden . 
  people complain endlessly about a two minute delay . 
  or `` whiny neighbors complaining about how loud your party is in ... '', 
  no , but the point still stands . 
  most things produced in the eu or us are `` exported '' to other countries/states within each union , which does n't count here . 
  that 's why the small countries look impressive in comparison . 
  yeah , but then what ? 
  you take out your phone and get online . 
  what else is there to do on iceland ? 
  while old brits and germans help bring it down . 
  nothing there to shoot at . 
  it 's hard to open fire on drilling rights . 
  you can be like malm\u00f6 and have a tiny metro with three stations . 
  does n't make for much of a translated joke map , though . 
  especially not when one of them is simply malm\u00f6 central station . 
  the finns make up their own definitions when it suits them . 
  you 're scandinavians whether you like it or not . 
  no , asking for directions is fine . 
  i 've never seen anyone being anything less than helpful when asked for directions or ( non-monetary ) help . 
  just do n't ask a stranger for anything else on the street , or they 'll probably just ignore you . 
  the code is that it 's perfectly acceptable to talk to strangers * if you have to * but not acceptable if you merely * want to * . 
  make the dress 20 cm longer and it could have been a picture from an average swedish night out . 
  i think everything in that video could actually happen at a midsummer party . 
  especially the dance . 
   our political system prevents anything too radical from happening , politics just shift left or right by a little bit . 
  i think it 's more about the voters than the system . 
  everyone is rather skeptical of everything and even minor instances of anything even vaguely resembling corruption is going to utterly destroy your chances of making any political career . 
  just look at how quickly h\u00e5kan juholt went from being the leader of the largest party to a political nobody over the rent scandal . 
  what he did was n't actually illegal , but still considered shady enough to end his political career forever within a month . 
   how to remove p\u00f8lser ? 
  judging by what we 've done in southern sweden , replace it with kebab . 
  not the crappy overpriced kebab you find north of helsingborg , but the good stuff that costs almost nothing . 
  i think it 's the other way around : protestantism spread in areas that were already pretty similar culturally . 
  this is germany we 're talking about . 
  it must be done in an orderly fashion . 
  whether or not it makes sense is much less important . 
  most of northern sweden is so empty , there are n't even any rabbits to tax . 
  the occasional moose , perhaps , but they do n't have much respect for roads or cars anyway . 
  i think that describes swedish-danish relations pretty well too . 
  we simultaneously get along great and not at all . 
  i guess a thousand years of constant war will do that . 
   i mean it is truly depressing if you think about it . 
  it 's also what keeps us moving forward , so there 's that . 
   also shipping . 
  outrageous amounts of shipping . 
  i think something like a third of the danish gnp is from shipping . 
  as in who they claim to vote for when asked about it . 
  party sympathies among swedish journalists differ significantly from the party sympathies of the general population , with mp supporters in particular being remarkably common . 
   that 's why in the article it 's proposed to crowdfund it with private contributions from eurocrats , as you undoubtedly have read there . 
  that 's much too easy for tabloids to twist into eu money ( being money paid to eu politicians ) , so the difference is politically meaningless . 
  even the ones that are n't against the eu will do it , because it 's so easy to do and will sell . 
  unless the city pays for it , it 'll be seen as other countries paying for it . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 99 % of europeans have never even heard of the place , much less ever seen it . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that spending eu money in brussels is going to have the exact opposite effect of what 's intended . 
  spending any eu money on a square is just going to turn it into a symbol of bureaucratic navel-gazing and fiscal waste rather than european unity . 
  that 'll * surely * convince the skeptics that the eu is more than a method of taking money from various european countries and funneling it into the pockets and pet projects of eu bureaucrats . 
  well , that seems pretty reasonable regardless of what else happens in ukraine . 
   ... but english beer is really overrated !, 
  i guess it depends on your beer preferences . 
  the czech are great at lager , but little else . 
  the brits are probably the best at ales and stouts , while useless at lager . 
  the germans make good wei\u00dfbier and pretty good beer overall , but mostly lighter stuff . 
  above average beer . 
  not on the level of belgium or england , but still notable . 
  if you asked a random person on the street in sweden about czechs , the first thing that came to mind would be `` beer '' more often than not . 
  that and ice hockey . 
  well do it until people get bored and stop upvoting the threads . 
  that 's how these things usually go . 
   i doubt they 're looking for affirmation from people in europe . 
  then they can call themselves martians for all anyone cares . 
  no one can stop someone from calling themselves whatever they want . 
  i 'm just pointing out that if they ever actually went to sweden , they would not be seen as swedish unless they spoke the language . 
  i think the romans might disagree with you on that . 
  it gives an idea of what their biases are likely to be . 
  it 's that or getting annexed . 
  you do n't get to pick non-violence as an option . 
   i highly doubt that america sent those soldiers in the hopes that they would get killed so that they could declare war on russia legitimately .
