i could care less since for me the word bigot mean nothing except one is true to his values and will not make concessions to them just to appease the `` progressives '' also i do n't hate serbs i just dislike some mostly the ones that attacked our country . . 
  just build a wall around italy it 's mostly alps on the both so it should n't be too expensive, 
  let the authorities deal with them no need to go down on their level, 
  i would n't either , only if i knew them very well and they were edgy so, 
  seriously :d . . so ungrateful . . 
  not really i try to not generalize , just like i do n't think the guy is a nazi he mostly if he even does . . like hitler for the persona he was historic figure , a leader but he probably still likes his guns and us role in ww2, 
  well i guess more migration ? 
  it 's a big market of course money comes first do you really think politicans care about their people ? 
  of course a true catholic cares about the old and the new testament, 
  so wrong for croatia where did they get their info :d, 
  he was either ignorant or joking , but if he actually meant he should have known better to keep his idea to himself or like-minded people, 
  i agree but when i think of it myself you often do n't think of stuff like laws you just think everything is the same everywhere well more or less it is but yeah it was stupid considering ww2 he should have known what it means to the germans, 
  ironically the nazis won , today 's antifascists have lost all values they would probably think of the old generation that fought in ww2 as being fascist themselves for being white or being conservative compared to today 's generations . 
  most young people that claim to be part of antifa ( the lefts answer to altright ) are against capitalism and see communism as something better , ironically another totalitarian system and with their gender and white privilege ideology i say we will see more people going to the extremes at both side and it will mainly be a reaction to a polarizing world , mass migrations and better connection a d news coverage will accelerate ideas and that counting the bad ones as well . 
  i would personally smack the sh.t out of him, 
  wow so many approve of physically attacking him for making a hand gesture ... 
  i can see why it is seen as distasteful but there was no need to beat the guy . 
  it kinda distorts the line between nazis and those that claim to be anti-nazis , both go after violence and it 's just a never ending circle of fighting , germany has laws against such things , it should be left to the authorities to sanction the guy . 
  idk maybe he was ignorant about the differences between us and german laws when it comes to expressing yourself joke or not . 
  doubt it they are mostly done by teenagers , they probably dont even know much about nazis except swastika and hitler, 
  til that all swastikas are nazin ones ... 
  is not result of conscious act - correct rape is possible sometimes it is just a result of low-quality protection - it would still be a conscious act as nothing is 100 % safe but the problem is that nature made it so that egg is fully dependent on its mother , and as long as its true and mother ca n't be replaced with some other entity , mother is the one who should decide whether egg should live or not , it is her competency ... does this mean men can decide on what a woman can do or hit women because nature made them stronger ? 
  some people are fully dependent on medications or help of others to live should someone else decide on their lives as well ? 
  do n't you see the flaw in your logic , it didnt choose its environment just like any of us if humans colonize some planet and the corporation terminates the project cutting their oxygen supplies , murder would n't be illegal in that case there by your logic since we have no history of living without oxygen ... but of course you would still consider it murder because you value their life why ? . . maybe its because of the level intelligence or the fact you belong to the same group as they do - humans if you would agree with my presumption that you would treat this incident as murder , then the conclusion is you are lead by superiority complex . . that is you value yourself more as a life form and put yourself in deciding what matters and what does n't , you claim to be an arbitrator , judge and jury but as i said it is a dangerous area as there is nothing stopping someone else from claiming other people are worth less on other criterias, 
  i guess going by logic we can kill retards because they are not fully developed ... also the egg exists its not like its someone 's imagination it is in process of growing and it vulnerable , also we are developing everyday new cells are generated ... 
  but it is was one of the better anthems musically speaking, 
  bad logic ... since sperm itself wont create life so you cant call it genocide but aborting fertilized egg will so it can be seen as murder, 
  look if we wanted to get you we would do it already stop being paranoid , we are not out there to get you, 
  you know what i think if we forbid cars , car accident related deaths would go down ? 
  ... how about that ... or better yet stricter knife laws will lead to less knife attacks, 
  what would you give your dna info ... 
  the price was to low to begin with it needs to be higher just not as high as they made it recently, 
  i 'm guilty i think of you as eastern europe never saw you as northerners, 
  r.i.p minor asia, 
  this is a stupid move , i agree that it should have been revised but going from a price of thousand to 90kn is just wrong, 
  nothing will happen us is very aware that any military confrontation with the best korea will lead to south being decimated and countless victims from nk artillery . 
  this is all a show for the public us ca n't silently approve nks status as a nuclear state with a developed icbm system but they also ca n't do much about it , so sanctions and throwing words around is the only thing the can do . 
  nk has more to lose with military confrontation with us , these missile test and threats are more of an answer to us because kim ca n't be perceived as being waek or not answering back to us, 
  [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/rhometco0mi ), 
  done, 
  can confirm, 
  agreed it sends a wrong message, 
  nobody will say it ? 
  well i guess i will take the heat ... the attacker must be a muslim, 
  i hate how peoples forts reaction is i hope someone spears him . . note they are the same people that will say they are against isis and then go back home eating some animals that probably had inhumane life in a cage unlike the turtle, 
  i agree people tend to believe animals wo n't attack humans but do you really want to find out ? 
  after all we are animals as well and we are all unpredictable, 
  you sure ? 
  i know a lot of recreative divers that take a spear while they dive mostly to catch fish but maybe the animal attacked him and he defended himself ? 
  people are very disconnected from reality taking any encounter with an animal lightly is dangerous , that 's why i 'm surprised to people jumping to conclusions, 
  first of all we are all using gregorian calendar the name says it all , i agree pagan customs do have their part as well but not as much as christan influence as pagan customs are not all uniform and connected since there are tons of pagans and their customs , christianity had a much bigger influence because if it 's following, 
  only someone ignorant would say something as that , christmas is because of christianity and jesus of course todays capitalism may have influenced atheists perception but in reality it has every bit to do with religion, 
  well it matters to a good part of europeans after all it influenced our culture and shaped europe . 
  smaller countries spend more but it makes sense they need to be more active about preserving their culture, 
  well you should at least some phrases and to be able to give basic info about yourself or ask questions, 
  it does n't the official call was za dom i poglavnika spremni, 
  are we sure it was n't self defense ? 
  because if it was there is nothing wrong in his action, 
  i understand their anger i believe i would be angry as well if i lived in a tourist hotspot it 's nice but sometimes a man needs his peace and quiet, 
  learn spanish you will be ok, 
  what 's wrong with them ? 
  are those real police officer ? 
  to me the this is the writers masked attempt to attack nationalism and patriotism then again it 's is the guardian , still i think the writer is purposely avoiding or looking down on non-us citizens to understand the governments actions are not always in line with the general population it is the reason why it 's called a representative democracy not directly democracy . 
  the writer in a subtile way wants to tell you want to think not how , basically modern journalism, 
  true it 's how much bang for your buck do you get . 
  also do the majority of your people own the house they are living in ? 
  turkish radicals would eliminate the arab ones ? 
  natural selection is that the benefit ? 
  you can already see contractors fighting france and uk favouring their own of course . . also when talking about nuclear technology and delivering capabilities nobody likes to share that info . 
  sure it has the appeal of downsizing the cost but then again the negative thing more shared tech . 
  money going to military is not a bad thing if you are going to throw money at something . 
  i know a lot of people who talk s. . t about it but if something happened they would talk s. . t about the government and question why the military does n't have proper gear and equipment . 
  i 'm sure an assessment will be made but it can be seen from the inventory especially if we are talking about equipment its age and status so if he is lying it should be easily seen as the government knows how much the military gets and their status, 
  well i dont mean to insult but only a naive person would think that . . as much as friendly uk and france are , it is wise to have your own nuclear weapons because let 's face it sometimes your interest are not the same as that of your neighbors and maybe the would n't push the button when you would and that makes them a liability, 
  actually he should politicans just like civilians do n't know in what state their military is and they need advices from people in the military . 
  they can have a long list of equipment but how much of it is usable , dated , what 's the status on modernization , the budget is there room for growth ? 
  no it should n't actions of one group do n't make a symbol or simple words notorious especially when they do n't call for violence . 
  sure i can see how some would disagree with that but in the end it does n't really matter as time continues to move forward people will care less and less . 
  i was n't alive when ustashe were in power but i was young enough during homeland war and za dom spremni to me is nothing to be ashamed about as it calls for being ready to defend you homeland its literal meaning no hidden agendas . 
  ustashe also had kuna as currency and croatian language but you do n't see us banning those things . 
  well it was actually ... nazis used swastika but they were most recognizable for the tilted one which is infamous , non tilted ones can be find everywhere even in rome, 
  not about this as he is right , brits do have the best military capable of projecting military force in europe they have brand new aircraft carriers , soon f35 will be operational . 
  although they need a replacement for trident, 
  it 's hrzds not zds anyway za dom spremni isnt ustashe greeting za dom i poglavnika spremi was the official greeting used by ustashe but za dom spremni in various versions was used well before ustashe, 
  am i the only one that sees this as being wrong and concerning that government is doing this ? 
  it 's not as if you are harming others ... 
  the prices will just go up :(, 
  why redesign perfection ? 
  imo it looks ugly now, 
  too good to be true if ai does emerge which i personally think wo n't happen for another 200 years we will probably go extinct . 
  and when we talk ever more present automation it will probably destroy society before bi can be introduced , too big number of people will be left without a job and automation wo n't be able to pay for a bi at the start so those people will be left to tend to themselves . 
  well it 's not but it 's equally a utopia of a world, 
  economic collapse ... 
  communism was supposed to replace capitalism and we can all see how that went of course some people would benefit form that but if i got the basic income i would work i would stay home do hobbies knowing my bills and food are covered for , i would have zero incentive to contribute to societ , actually i would focus on myself play games ... maybe started to make one myself since time would be plentiful, 
  makes no sense women live longer it should be the other way around, 
  avoid big western cities they are all the same you want to see something no ? , i recommend for germany - neuschwanstein castle , the city thing does n't count if we talk about budapest and vienna they are beautiful !, 
  lake geneva is a great site as well . 
  language barriers are not a problem since many know english, 
  its not worth it if you seek to influence not defend your country , the problem is are you willing to push the button , us leads proxy wars , small conflicts fighting for control so of course it needs a large conventional army but if all you need is to protect your country nukes are enough . 
  well they wo n't like it but i will give it a try,
