  some say that the current one is more distinct and unique , or that it can instantly be recognised , even in black and white . 
  well , i love both flags . 
  which is why we do n't have american stripes . 
  we have greek stripes . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6e/flag_of_greece_%281822-1978%29.svg/1200px-flag_of_greece_%281822-1978%29.svg.png ) is called the `` land flag '' ( the one you see in my flair was originally the naval flag ) . 
  the land flag used to be the official national flag of greece , until the naval flag took its place in the 70s . 
  it 's not as popular as the current state flag , but it is somewhat popular . 
  not among a specific part of the people . 
  8 comments so far and none of us is italian . 
  i understand what you mean . 
  no , i 'm not a white supremacist , either . 
  i find it normal for them to care about europe . 
  i find it wrong , however , to think that everyone who is against illegal immigration in europe is a white nationalist american . 
  there are many europeans who oppose it , too . 
  and we 're not all white nationalists . 
  at least i 'm not , since whites are not a nation , and as such , i think the term is wrong . 
   they claim that with the refugees going into europe that there 's a `` white genocide '' . 
  what refugees ? 
  maybe the illegal immigrants ? 
   so what exactly do y' all think about these people ? 
  are they overreacting to a problem that does n't exist ? 
  i think it 's nice that they 're interested . 
  no , they 're not overreacting to a problem that does n't exist . 
  are girlymen common in the army ? 
  the first thing they tell you is to hide under the desk , which has a metalic grid under the wood . 
  this is supposed to happen while the earth is shaking . 
  then , the whole thing is about getting out of the building without panicking . 
  this happens when the earthquake has stopped . 
  each teacher leads his/her classroom 's students to the nearest exit , according to the schools architectural plan , a copy of which exists in each room . 
  once outside , everyone is supposed to gather in a place in the schoolyard which is away from the building , in case it collapses . 
  but we 've had several drills for earthquakes . 
  the `` refugee '' crisis , because the new government in washington is not flooding my country with foreigners . 
  the subject was our views on muslims . 
  then you came along . 
   i am done with this subject though . 
  good . 
   however you keep trying to seek out who is right all in these incidents . 
  this is the wrong thing you have done in this discussion . 
  so , there are two groups of people . 
  one fights for its freedom , the other fights against the other 's freedom . 
  i think it 's clear who was right . 
   you are blaming turks for behaviour of a family . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the sultan 's family ? 
  yes , many had greek , bulgarian , romanian etc. 
  origins . 
  they were kidnapped as babies and raised as turks . 
  that 's even worse . 
  besides , that was only part of the army and the governors . 
   do you think that ottomans were really represents turks ? 
  yes . 
   they were even against nationalism and even turkish nationalism thoughts what is turkish nationalism ? 
   that 's why greek rebellion and serbian rebellion started too late . 
  there were attempts before 1821 , too . 
   all jewelers were jewish people or armenians . 
  traders as well with greeks . 
  there was only 1 turk in ankara who was trading and he was a partner of jewish . 
  jews did that almost everywere . 
  about armenians and greeks , maybe it 's because they always lived there . 
  and then they were genocided or deported . 
  it was n't the ottomans who did that . 
  it was the new and improved turkish government . 
   you guys hate turks for what ? 
  for being a farmer ? 
  we do n't hate anyone . 
  but be honest . 
  it was n't a group of farmers that occupied the balkans for all that time . 
  there were massacres before the revolution , too . 
  there were also raids and lootings . 
  that was , among other things , a way to kidnap boys and turn them into janissaries , after all . 
   you have killed 15.000 civilian in the war that you have mentioned . 
  i am not counting 8000 turkish soldiers . 
  after being oppressed for centuries , the greeks revolted . 
  as soon as they did , the ottoman government started commiting [ massacres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constantinople_massacre_of_1821 ) against greeks , in order to suppress the revolution . 
  since the revolution ( and by extention , our freedom ) was in danger , the greeks were forced to take actions they otherwise would n't take . 
  this might sound childish , but you started it . 
  and you left us with no other option . 
  and while this is not a competition , it 's worth noting that you killed many more people . 
  and i did n't even include the people you killed during the genocides you are famous for . 
   but there was a lot of brutal wars and conquests during those times from everybody unfortunately . 
  the mongols conquered korea , but i do n't think many people dislike mongols because of it . 
  it 's true that muslims were not the only ones who conquered lands and acted violently . 
  many peoples did . 
  the muslims , however , were instructed to do so by the quran , their holy book . 
  there are countless verses in it that tell muslims to conquer and fight for allah , against the disbelievers . 
  the persians , the mongols , the spanish and most other peoples who were conquerors in the past , did n't do it because of their faith , but for imperialistic reasons that do not exist anymore . 
  the muslims , on the other hand , still read and believe in the quran , the book that tells them to conquer . 
   they recently release a movie in korea about workers who were forced to work for japan , and their escape . 
  it 's called the battleship island . 
  i have n't seen it yet , but my friends say it was good . 
  looks interesting . 
  i 'll see it someday . 
   oh , that is the city with the air balloons , right ? 
  yes . 
   well , you see ... 
  i did n't want to be one sided but he is ... let 's see . 
   they have killed all turks and albanians in mora peninsula , crete , rhodos . 
  he does n't mention about that of course . 
  :d are you talking about the recapture of tripolitsa , that served as the ottoman stronghold in the peloponnese ? 
  did n't it have thousands of ottoman soldiers in it ?
