  singularlogic . 
  look up who own it . 
   and after them another real government will take over . 
  a government of humans . 
  and humans are not gods . 
  that means mistakes . 
  mistakes ? 
  again , it was all deliberate . 
   wait for a messiah and you will wait forever i 'm not waiting for any messiah . 
  are you waiting for the government that is destroying greece to suddenly save us ? 
  you will wait longer . 
   i get the impression i am talking to a golden dawn voter well , you get the wrong impression then . 
   that has not read anything related to greek and western geopolitics . 
  i like to see these things from all perspectives and decide what is wrong and what is right . 
   it would take more than a reddit comment to explain how damaging this will be to our nation . 
  what would be damaging ? 
  leaving the eu or nato ? 
  well , if we actually had a good government , we would have stopped all this from the beggining . 
  until we get a real government , one that actually cares about this , we ca n't do much . 
  still , i think it 's wrong to give in to them . 
  let them join the russian sphere of influence . 
  and if they join western institutions as ` macedonia ' we should still not recognise them like that , and simply leave those institutions if we are members . 
  the solution is for them to find a name for themselves . 
  one that is not already taken . 
  there are many to pick from . 
  `` vardarska '' is ok , i think . 
  as long as it 's not anything related to macedonia , or anything else that is used , or was used by others . 
  i strongly dissagree with your suggestion . 
  `` new * something * '' implies that colonists , settlers or refugees from '' * something * '' arrived in a new land and called it `` new * something * '' , to indicate that they do n't forget their origins , history and identity and to honour their previous home . 
  generally speaking , it shows a relationship between two places , even if the relationship is only historical . 
  in this context , however , these people come from a totally different place and are in no way related to us . 
  they are not settlers , colonists or refugees from macedonia . 
  they are descendants of migrants who arrived * near * macedonia from elsewhere . 
  what would `` new macedonia '' indicate , if not origins from macedonia ? 
  since when are countries named after the nearest province of the country they border , when they are related to neither that country nor that province ? 
  you said it is a good compromise . 
  but why should we even reach a compromise ? 
  we were minding our own buisness , having macedonia as a region . 
  then they came in the balkans as bulgarians . 
  and now they claim macedonia . 
  why should we compromise ? 
  would an established company try to reach a compromise with a small buisness that claimed the same name ? 
  or would they sue them ? 
  and if we go along with this , what 's next ? 
  will we give in to everyone who has an identity crisis ? 
  what part of our history will we sell next , to satisfy people who do n't respect us ? 
   i 'm proud to be european guys wait , how many guys are you ? 
  do they want to join norway ? 
  or do they want to form their own country ? 
  more trust ? 
  how about no trust ? 
  thank you . 
  we do , but there was no such restriction in this case . 
  for more recent times , i 'd suggest someone from the heroes of the revolution , like [ theodoros kolokotronis ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bf/kolokotronis_statue_athens.jpg ) . 
  i see , thanks !, 
  do n't serbs use the cyrillic alphabet ? 
  it 's hard to pick one , but alexander the great is a good choice . 
  on an american website . 
   if libya does n't accept them back does any of them even come from libya ? 
  they all come through turkey . 
  and i 'm not talking about their country of origin , but the country from which they enter . 
  do we need permission to not let them cross the sea border ? 
   if they do n't accept , you ca n't send them back without . . well . . invading them . 
  but if illegal immigrants come here without our permission , it 's not an invasion ? 
  why ? 
   how do you push people back in the water ? 
  you just them back behind the water border and let them there in the sea to drown ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  they will return to turkey . 
  after this happens a few times , it will be known that they ca n't enter greece like that and they 'll stop coming . 
   you can if they have papers . 
  if they do n't ( which is usually the case ) they wo n't accept them so you ca n't send them back by plane . 
  well , then we 'll keep them in camps until they get bored and leave on their own . 
   you ca n't just take your coastguard boats , violate the other country 's waters , land on their coast on your own and drop off 5000 unknown people . 
  we wo n't violate anything . 
  we simply wo n't let illegal immigrants violate our waters . 
  the same thing happens on land borders , too . 
  if you try to walk into bulgaria without papers , wo n't they stop you ? 
  and if you walk 10 metres in , wo n't they send you back ? 
   imagine a reverse situation where smugglers take people from greece to turkey and then the turkish navy just comes in greek waters , lands in chios and drops off 5000 immigrants/refugees . 
  if they stop them at the border , they have every right to push them back into our waters . 
  not land them on an island , but push them back . 
  that is what i suggest we do , too . 
  as for those who have already arrived here , we can find their country of citizenship and send them there by plane . 
  what do you suggest we do ? 
  let everyone in ? 
   given their current approach , as soon as they see a boat they would start harming themselves to be admitted to hospitals . 
  this is no solution . 
  there should be no exeptions - otherwise those exeptions will be exploited . 
  you 're right , i thought of this after i posted the message . 
  a better sollution would be to treat them in the coastguard boat , or send them to turkey for treatment . 
   we have to when their boats are sinking . 
  when they sink their boats , we should collect them and ship them back , without taking them to greek soil . 
  unless someone desperately needs medical aid . 
   yes , let 's invade turkey or libya and disembark some thousand refugees there . 
  what could go wrong with forcefully going to other countries right ? 
  is n't it our right to stop people at the border and not let them in ? 
  as for those who already stepped on greek soil , we could also send them to the country they are originally from . 
  not let them enter the country . 
  it 's what we should have done .
