  but now that they 're already in , we should return them to the country from which they entered and close the borders . 
  and it 's not even something that needs actual data . 
  all he had to do is paint them green , since this is a joke map . 
  edit : ` data not available ' is probably part of the joke , too . 
  so it kinda makes sense ... 
  it 's really weird ... those north africans have the same term for all months . 
  it 's also their most popular surname ... 
  vladimir lenin is a weird name for a cat ... 
  why a scumbag though ? 
  haha :d, 
  interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  that yin and yang in germany ... 
  it says `` irreligion not shown '' . 
  besides , atheism is not a religion . 
  there were orthodox bulgarians . 
  they were not seen as greeks . 
  not everything was based on religion . 
  while religion did have its role , language was also considered , as well as place of origin , decent , and sentiment . 
  people did n't mix as easily as you think . 
  yes , you are an island of latinity in a sea of migratory tribes . 
  thinking of every eastern romance speaking population as your romanian brothers is wrong , however . 
  what would happen if i gathered a few tens of thousands of greeks and told them to speak an eastern romance language , and teach it to their children , and so on ? 
  would we become romanians solely on the basis of language , even though we would not be related to your people ? 
  similarly , what would happen if , for watever reason , france was the only independent western romance speaking country , while all the other western romance speaking peoples somehow got under the control of foreign powers . 
  would the french see them as their french brothers ? 
  what is it that makes someone an ethnic romanian ? 
  only language ? 
  or is it also blood ? 
  if that 's the case , then aromanians are not ethnic romanians . 
   it 's funny , since `` vlachs '' are present all across the balkans , from albania , to serbia , to bulgaria , and yet you claim they 're romanized greeks based on ... what evidence , exactly ? 
  history . 
  if you look where these people are located on the map , you 'll see it 's roughly the same area with the ancient `` via egnatia '' , where roman presence was very common for trading reasons , and so , their language was , too . 
  it 's also the first area of the balkans that came under roman control . 
  for these reasons , especially the first , the greeks who lived in that area ended up using latin more than greek , since they were always trading with the romans . 
  with time and after some generations , they only spoke latin , but they still knew they were greeks . 
  that latin language evolved to become aromanian . 
  why are they spread in other countries , too ? 
  because greeks did n't live only within the modern borders of greece . 
  also , there were various reasons to spread . 
  their cities in that area near the `` via egnatia '' were destroyed and so they spread in a wider region . 
  if they were actually romanians , why would they move up in the mountains instead of stayng in the fertile plains of the dunabe ? 
   the fact that they call themselves greeks ? 
  of course they do , they were assimilated by your successive nationalistic governments and fascist military dictatorships . 
  nationalistic governments and fascist military dictatorships before 1821 , in a time when the greek state did n't exist ? 
  interesting ... you are aware that they always felt greek , even before the greek war of independence , in which they took part , right ? 
   or are we supposed to forget how greece always denied to give rights to its ethnic minorities and or even admit they exist in the first place ? 
  well , are we supposed to forget that the aromanians do not want to have a minority status in greece ? 
  they state this themselves . 
   let 's ask the albanians of attica albanian immigrants ? 
   or the muslims of macedonia do n't you mean thrace ? 
  there are muslims in thrace , not in macedonia . 
  and yes , they do have an official minority status . 
  did you even bother checking ? 
   it 's also even more funny that you claim to be direct descendants of the ancient greeks , when genetic studies ( some of which have been posted on this sub , if you 're really interested ) show that you 're almost exactly the same as the turks . 
  aka a mix of different peoples , a melting pot . 
  ok , so the turks abducted countless greek babies and raised them as turks ( look at the jannisaries and various office holding figures in the ottoman empire ) , assimilated large local populations ( including greeks ) and converted , forcefully or not , huge numbers of people ( again including greeks ) and now it turns out that there is genetic similarity between them and us . 
  why should that come as a shock ? 
  of course , i 'm not saying that turks are greeks . 
  but a genetic similarity is to be expected . 
  also , `` almost exactly the same '' is an exaggeration . 
  the article you linked and referred to was written by thede kahl , a man whose false claims have been criticised by the aromanian community in greece and strongly condamned by the panhellenic federation of cultural associations of vlachs , which represents almost a hundred active cultural associations . 
   i 'm not sure you realize but greece has a very bad image abroad on the issue of the treatment of its minorities . 
  in what way ? 
   intimidation and repression of aromanians by local greek politicians , teachers , priests as well as the nationalist press in the period between the civil war and the military dictatorship has led to a tabooing of minority topics in greece . 
  where is the proof for all that ? 
  it 's just a claim . 
   i have heard about aromanian children who were punished for speaking aromanian at school well into the 1970s and 1980s . 
  again , there is no proof here . 
  the author heard about it ? 
  really ? 
  how do we know he 's saying the truth ? 
  or how do we know that whoever told him that was saying the truth . 
   aromanians with such experiences usually maintain a strong antipathy towards the greek policy and preserve , until today ( especially in the balkans and the diaspora ) , feelings of belonging to an aromanian minority . 
  well , they obviously have feelings of belonging to an aromanian community . 
  and they are an ethnic minority in other countries , but in greece they 're not , since ethnically they are part of the majority group . 
   aromanian is still learned today in the villages , but only within the families , never in associations or schools there are more than a hundred associations . 
  and who is more suitable to teach the language other than the people who actually speak it ? 
   in the balkans and the diaspora there are about ten aromanian magazines , several homepages and radio stations using aromanian , but none of them in greece . 
  in greece there is no newspaper using the aromanian language . 
  there are several online pages and printed publications written by aromanians for aromanians . 
  sure , most are in greek , but it makes sense , since a lot of aromanians speak only greek . 
   greece 's minority policy often interpreted the linguistic and cultural otherness of aromanians , arvanites and slavomacedonians as not-greek , anti-greek or disloyal towards the greek state . 
  when were aromanians and arvanites seen as anti-greek ? 
  these people are greeks and they fought for this country . 
  the fact that they historically used , and still use in some cases , another language , or are bilingual does not change this . 
   most aromanians in greece will for these reasons continue to refuse being called a minority . 
  but is it really for these reasons ? 
  or is it maybe because they do n't feel any less greek than us ? 
  why would a group of greeks want to be labled as a minority in its own country just for having a different language alongside greek ? 
  especially when another country wants them to be a minority so they can claim them as their own . 
  keep in mind that the term `` minority '' usually implies an ethnic minority , something they 're not . 
   on june 15th 1999 the council of europe adopted recommendation 1333 ( 1997 ) on aromanian culture and language . 
  according to the recommendation , balkan states with aromanians populations are encouraged to ratify the european charter of regional or minority languages and to support the aromanians in terms of providing education , religious services in the churches , newspapers , magazines , radio and television programmes in aromanian and support for their cultural associations . 
  the decision met with extreme criticism from the largest aromanian organisation in greece , whereby the council of europe repeated its decision in 1998 . 
  positive attitudes were only expressed by ngos such as greek helsinki monitor and minority rights group greece . 
  the aromanians in greece did n't ask for such a recommendation . 
  other people did , in an effort to impose a minority status on aromanians . 
  the fact that the aromanians themselves did n't want this is more than enough to show that they do not feel `` intimidation and repression '' . 
  i think they know better than a couple of ngos .
