being pro-something other than your country can benefit your country ( geopolitical alliances , trade deals , military agreements etc. ), 
  they were never pro-our country , though . 
   the number indicate real phenomena of our society . 
  the real phenomena are the poverty and the hunger . 
  a few graphs on a screen are not real phenomena . 
   you do n't flick the switch and results happen . 
  there needs to be a period for policies to start working because of several reasons like bureaucracy . 
  you 'd think 10 years would be enough . 
  but apparently , not even 99 years are enough . 
  they literally sold us away for 99 years , almost a century . 
   greece elected the more spendaholic government of all times . 
  greece did n't elect anything . 
   couple that with the innability of the opposition to topple him and you can see why we were out of cash . 
  `` opposition '' . 
  do you still believe they are against each other ? 
  they 're all the same . 
   parties change , members change and members change parties . 
   when you have no values , you just go to whichever party gets you more money . 
   policies change they do n't . 
  there always was the same anti-greek policy . 
   `` the big ones '' are responsible of the most stable period of the greek state ( 74-09 ) . 
  during this `` stable period '' , most greek companies closed down or were sold . 
  the car industry ( yes , we had a car industry ) was crushed , to give way to german and french cars and most greek supermarkets were replaced by foreign ones . 
  all this destroyed the economy . 
  it was largely responsible for today 's mess . 
   study greek history and see how greece was before 1974 . 
  poor and regressive . 
  as opposed to the rich state we see today , eh ? 
   policies matter , not the family tree . 
  i would n't care even if he was satan 's son as long as i agreed with his program . 
  you missed the point - again . 
  it 's not so much that his father was a bad man ( which he was ) , but that their whole family was into politics . 
  what is it ? 
  a family business ? 
  politicians are supposed to get there by their merit . 
  are we supposed to believe that they were all worthy ? 
  or is it that they stepped on their fathers ' money and connections to get in politics and get ( more ) money and power ? 
  it 's mostly a few set families that hold these positions . 
  the venizelos-mitsotakis , great-uncle , father , son , sister , nephew etc. , the papandreou , father , son , grandson , the karamanlides , father , uncle , son , or whatever relationships they have , and that 's just in the parliament . 
  looks like oligarchy to me . 
  the most important part , however , is that none of them ever did anything good for greece . 
  what program are you talking about ? 
  the lies they tell you ? 
  the same lies the previous politicians told you ? 
  the promises that are never fulfilled ? 
  what changed ? 
   countries care about their own interests . 
  it is in our interest to be on the side of the strongest nations for obvious reasons . 
  a self explanatory good thing . 
  it 's not in our interests to side with bullies . 
   middle eastern terrorists , russian interests and future threats that may arise . 
  so , the usual boogeymen that they create or fund . 
   read this . 
  geopolitics is quite complex in order to explain in a single reddit comment . 
  i believe that book would be enough . 
  from the description it looks like the book largely revolves around , or is based on the events of 9/11 2001 , which are labled as a terrorist attack . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong about this , but that 's what it looks like . 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't believe the narrative provided by the american government and media . 
   because the greek people voted for government spending instead of thrifty programs and business investment . 
  not the institution 's fault . 
  the greek people also voted ` no ' in a referendum that magically became ` yes ' . 
  and then the same government was `` reelected '' a couple of months later . 
  i highly doubt that 62 % of the people were ignored , but then voted for the government that had ignored them a couple of months before . 
  election results are made up . 
   our fault . 
  blame yourself all you want , but do n't include the rest of us . 
   how were your human and individual rights as we have defined them been breached ? 
  the referendum i mentioned was a great example . 
  the result was ignored in the name of the european union . 
  so , basically , they asked the citizens what they want , and then did the opposite . 
  in other words , they acted undemocratically , so they breached our citizen rights . 
   on a european level or on a national level ? 
  on any level . 
   are you telling me that the pro-arab papandreou governments were the same with the pro-israel government ? 
  i believe you too understand how stupid that sounds . 
  how about the pro-greek government ? 
  why did we never have such a thing ? 
   not everything has been a mistake . 
  there has been several steps to the right direction by many governments . 
  here are some examples . 
  the 2012 government slashed the debt , bolstered growth and cut government spending to gdp . 
  yet the people were still hungry ( and still are ) and the problem only got bigger . 
  but hey !, 
  some numbers say otherwise . 
  let 's focus on them and not the poverty and unemployment we see around us . 
   alternative economic approach to austerity when you are out of cash ? 
  when in your own life you are short on money do you go out spending ? 
  why were we out of cash in the first place ? 
  was it also a mistake ? 
   that is vague . 
  you have to be specific . 
  no political party cares about greece . 
  the big ones have been destroying the country for the last 40 + years , while the small ones sit there and get payed with our money without doing anything . 
  how much more specific do you want me to be ? 
   that is not debatable . 
  our institutions work . 
  that fact that syriza went from 3 % to 40 % means our democracy works . 
  the fact that golden dawn went from 0.1 % to 7 % indicates that our democracy works . 
  how does it prove that ? 
  the fact that the people are poor because their wages were cut and their taxes were increased , while the politicians get payed several thousands per month , shows that our democracy does n't actually work .
