  from what i 've read online , most people say it sounds like portugese . 
  what did it sound like to you ? 
  it 's greek to them . 
  the e.u. 
  gets 1gb of free space . 
  calling people you disagree with `` nazi '' or `` fascist '' is even worse !, 
   one does not have to be a nazi or a fascist to consider a group of people riding bikes naked in public in front of children degenerates . 
  a degenerate is , according to english dictionaries , someone whose morals , character or standars are lower than those of his/her society . 
  being purposely naked in public , especially in a city , in front of people ( including , elderly people or even children ) , who are very likely to find this image repulsive or disgusting , is considered immoral . 
  just like exhibiting one 's private parts to children is frowned upon by society and is seen as a highly immoral act , one that can lead to an arrest , too , when done by an individual , it 's also considered to be immoral when done by groups of people riding bikes . 
  largely because it 's the same thing . 
  this act , since it 's behaviour of a level lower than what society would expect and since it 's immoral , is - by definition - a form of degeneracy . 
  this is why i called it that and not because i disagree with them . 
  yet you associated me with nazism and fascism , even though the definitions of these words do n't fit in this context , as opposed to the definition of the word i used , which , as i just showed to you , was spot on . 
  it was not an insult , it was an accurate description . 
  yes , unfortunatelly , this degeneracy has indeed metastasised in our country . 
  could be like that . 
  i do n't know what kind of research that was and what sample they had . 
  visually , however , the differences are obvious . 
  i personally knew two bulgarian girls . 
  one of them was actually from the f.y.r. 
  ( she did n't call herself a bulgarian ) . 
  they both sticked out from the rest of the kids . 
  they were rather pale , blond or red headed and one could easily tell they were foreign just by looking at them . 
  and from pictures i 've seen with bulgarians and people from the f.y.r. , i 'd say they fit into that pale , blond category . 
  not that pale or blond/red headed greeks do n't exist . 
  they do . 
  but not in so many numbers as seen in slavs . 
  also , such greeks existed since before these migrations happened , so , that is not the reason for their existance . 
  and they do n't have this , well , foreign look , so to speak . 
  haha . 
  yes , i would . 
  both . 
  recently , many claim to be syrian , but i do n't know where they 're really from . 
  the ` middle easterns ' could also be north africans , so , technically not middle easterns . 
  yes , i am worried about that , too . 
  i live in a not so large city , in a not so large country , and hijabs , a formerly rare citing are becoming more and more noticeable . 
  darker skinned people are also more common than they used to be . 
  albanians have been common since the 90s and roma people since long before that , so that is not a big change . 
  but muslims and middle easterns are rising in numbers . 
  i would n't say that the city has a high percentage of foreigners yet , but that will change soon . 
  i can only imagine - or see on the internet and the tv - how the situation must be in other cities/countries with a higher percentage . 
   what 's it like ? 
  worrying , to say the least . 
  bulgarians did n't just form from one day to the other in the balkans . 
  they formed in a lengthy process of bulgars and slavs mixing with each other . 
  sure , some natives from the balkans may also have mixed with them . 
  but in the end , that 's what they are . 
  a mixed people . 
  even if they have some greek blood in them , that does n't mean they 're greeks . 
  but yes , killings and displacements did happen . 
  it 's not just about the roman province . 
  macedonia is way older than that . 
  it 's that macedonia and everything it stood and stands for was and is greek . 
  the people were and are greek , the culture was and is greek , the land was and is greek . 
  we do n't want others to take part of our history , change it ( changing history like that is wrong in non-macedonia related cases , too ) and present it as their own . 
  wether or not they have some native blood along with the slavic and bulgar blood , i do n't know . 
  i do n't think so , but even if they do , it 's really an insignificant amount . 
  them calling themselves macedonians and their country macedonia is history theft . 
  it implies that we are not macedonians , which is offensive . 
  but you know it 's more than just a name . 
  they claim the history too . 
  they also change history , saying that ancient macedonians were not greeks . 
  the most common name among males in that country is `` alexandar '' ( not that there 's a problem with that , but it goes to show how connected they feel to the ancient macedonians - with whom they have no relation whatsoever ) , they name their airports after alexander the great , they build statues of him all over the place , they steal macedonian symbols and get sued for it and so on and so forth . 
  i do n't know why you do n't see this . 
  they do n't do all these things because of their need for a convenient name . 
  they really believe , or want to believe they are the descendants of the ancient macedonians who , according to them , were not greeks . 
  and it 's offensive to us macedonians . 
  our history is not up for grabs . 
  there is no such thing as a slavic macedonian . 
  but for the sake of the discussion , i 'll continue with it . 
   i agree that if any nationalistic slavic macedonians are trying to supplant the history of greek macedon then that 's not really fair . 
  that is literally what 's happening . 
  they are trying to supplant our history . 
   still , them calling themselves macedonians should n't cause as much conflict as it does but i thought we just agreed that it 's not fair . 
  what changed since the last line ? 
   macedonian is no less an artificial national identity than any other . 
  they 're just more recent . 
  what do you mean ? 
  country level or not , it does n't matter . 
  it 's an existing place with its name , people and culture history . 
  azerbaijan the country and azerbaijan the iranian region are both inhabited by azeri people . 
  they are both azeri , not because they live in a place called azerbaijan , but because they have common origins , language , culture and heritage . 
  they are the same people divided between two countries . 
  it is the land that is named after them , not the opposite . 
  the same goes for luxembourg . 
  the same people , origins , language etc. 
  divided between different states . 
  and , again , moldovans and romanians are the same people , with the same language . 
  but in this case , it 's different . 
  an unrelated to us group of people came from some other part of the world , speaking a different language and having different customs . 
  and they decided to take a name that is already in use . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  most people in greece call it `` skopia '' , the greek rendering of `` skopje '' , their capital city . 
  we use it to refer to the whole country , as well as the city . 
  `` vardarska '' also sounds ok . 
  it was also used temporarily when it was a yugoslavian province . 
  but honestly , i 'm not a godfather . 
  they can name their country whatever they want , as long as the `` username '' they pick is not already taken . 
  well , first of all , happy birthday !,
