  the e.u. 
  had programs that funded farmers to produce less , ( or literally throw products away ) so that the market would be more competitive and as greece was a very agricultural country , this - in time - destroyed much of the economy . 
  of course , the farmers who did that are also responsible , but so is the e.u. 
  which knew they were destroying the economy , something wich would later lead to a `` debt '' . 
  not at all . 
  that 's actually not how representative democracy works . 
  in a representative democracy , there would be a referendum , in which people would be asked if they want to enter the e.u. 
  and then the government would * represent * the people , by doing not what they wanted , but what the people told them to . 
  instead , without asking anyone , `` our '' government threw us into the e.u. 
  and proceded to destroy the country . 
  the `` greek '' government did everything the way they wanted to do it . 
  and yes , the e.u. 
  is partly to blame . 
  people are already starving and businesses are being wiped out . 
  you know why ? 
  because they are forced to pay huge taxes that will eventually go to a banks , and because people 's pensions and wages are cut , so that part of it can go to the banks . 
  we are paying the banks . 
  a whole people is decaying so that the banks do n't go bankrupt . 
  we are bunkrupt so that the banks do n't go bunkrupt . 
  and the excuse is that we would go bankrupt otherwise ? 
  can you prove we would ? 
  because to me this sounds like a well thought plan to make an entire country ( not just one , actually ) go bankrupt so that the banks and the `` creditors '' can then collect their `` debt '' in the form of airports , houses , land , you name it . 
   you do n't understand economics do i need to understand economics to know that people starving and losing their houses just so the banks do n't go bankrupt is wrong ? 
  they are selling the country away with the excuse that we are in debt . 
  they created this debt so they could start buying greek houses , airports , land , islands in half price . 
  it was the people that did n't chose this . 
  the government is not really `` our '' government . 
  tell me more . 
  these `` greek '' politicians are part of the plan to make us bankrupt . 
  we did n't elect them . 
  we * were * forced into the union . 
  there was no referendum at all . 
  then we were forced into the euro , too . 
   the government of greece should have known better it 's all a plan and they 're part of it . 
  they know everything . 
  they are not our banks . 
  if they colapse , it 's their problem . 
  why should i pay from my pocket just so the banks do n't collapse ? 
  why should the country collapse so that the banks do n't ? 
  they have enough money . 
  your media is very good at keeping you misinformed . 
  try looking up a few things before blaming entire countries for what a few bank criminals did to them . 
  they bailed out their banks . 
  the people never saw any of that money , yet they are paying the consequences . 
  the reason our country * is * collapsing is because of this . 
  what debt ? 
  [ i wonder why . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwcksyhuntg ), 
  i wish our government had a policy against the e.u. 
  :( lucky you ... 
  turkish ? 
  anschluss by germany is better than what you have now ? 
  i 'm surprised . 
  interesting . 
  would you prefer independent flanders or a union with the netherlands ? 
  you know the article is propaganda when they call george soros a philanthropist . 
  us president and european presidents and prime ministers think american people and european people are a laughingstock . 
  turks are similar to europeans because they used to kidnap european children ( usually greeks ) during the ottoman times after killing their families . 
  then , they would raise these children as if they were turks . 
  most of the times they were given to wealthy , upper class ottomans and grew to become janissaries , or hold a position of political power . 
  many never knew of their origins , while others did . 
  examples include mustapha khaznadar ( real name georgios stravelakis ) , who became grand visier of tunisia , osman hamdi bey , a painter , son of ibrahim edhem pasha , who was kidnaped in chios and who has descendants in turkey to this day , living as turks . 
  in addition to the janissaries and the others who were kidnaped or were born to people who were kidnaped , the region known today as turkey used to be inhabited by greeks , among others . 
  most of them kept their identity and were only expelled 50-90 years ago . 
  but some turned to islam , mostly by force , since as far as the first centuries of the ottoman empire , were turkified and thus stopped being greeks . 
  genetically , however , they did n't change . 
  that said , turks today are not `` greek '' by any definition . 
  they are a mix of central asian turks and everything else that can be found between central asia and the balkans . 
  why a confederate europe in the first place ? 
  of course , when my arguments cover all your questions and you do n't have anything else to say , but have already called me a bigot , and you think that at this point you would look bad if you admited i 'm not , you can always count on what another person said ( more like spammed twice with no proof and ignored me when i asked for examples ) and on a reply to a deleted comment which was by default related to races . 
  that is enough to prove that i am not just any racist , but a blatant racist , too . 
  this way , you do n't have to get yourself in the uncomfortable position of admiting you were wrong ( which is ok ) , that i simply stated an important factor to the statistic , which is what the parent comment asked for , and that the person you just called a bigot might just as well be someone whom you misunderstood . 
  you can call me a racist , even if islam , for which the argument arose , is not a race and even though what i said about this group was not even a bad thing in the first place . 
  i litterally only just mentioned them . 
  maybe i need to reread a dictionary ... 
  i always thought racism involved bad things against a group , not just mentioning them ... 
   my problem is that you mention something that is highly unlikely to be the cause the cause ? 
  there is no ` one cause ' . 
  it 's a combination of different factors . 
  now , i asked this before and you ignored it . 
  are muslims or are they not a significant factor to the result shown on the map ? 
  not the most significant , but one that would leave its mark on the statistics . 
  yes or no ? 
   when you get a reply that clearly shows that it 's unlikely that 's not at all what it showed . 
  it showed that almost 4.600.000 people in germany are muslims . 
  this number is a significant factor . 
  i never said the biggest , but it 's big . 
  to show you how big , let 's just say that germany has more muslims than croatia has people in general . 
  i will now do the math . 
  the population of germany without its muslims would be almost like the population of the republic turkey . 
  the population of germany with its muslims is almost like the population of the republic of turkey and croatia combined . 
  are you telling me that if the republic of turkey were to annex croatia ( i am not supporting this - i only chose the countries as examples because of their populations ) and that the majority of croatians had a certain view about a certain thing , would they not affect the overall statistics ? 
  note also that the croatians to turks ratio of this example is smaller than the muslims of germany to non-muslims of germany ratio . 
  to me , it looks like it is significant to the statistics , but even if it 's not , i do n't see how it makes me a bigot , and the things i say `` bullshit '' . 
  maybe you can enlighten me . 
  what do you think , fjonk ? 
  are muslims of germany a significant factor in this case or not ? 
   then you whine like a baby source please . 
   bigots will bigot but when people point it out at least stand up for your opinions instead of calling the waaambulance . 
  i have n't taken back anything i said , nor am i planning to .
