  when you denied your comment , yes , i went to your profile to find it . 
  you thought i would n't ? 
  if you consider that to be stalking or not is irrelevant . 
  maybe you really are greek , and i have an `` agenda '' , as you said , to claim you 're not . 
  and that serb had the same agenda . 
  and that other guy in the link i sent you , too . 
  for no reason , we all had an agenda to say this . 
  yeah , that 's probably it . 
  sounds legit . 
  keep up the swear words !, 
  sincerely , your fellow ( ? ), 
  greek . 
  i do n't care if you do n't care . 
  i just wanted the other person to know i agreed with that specific statement you made . 
  if you want to talk about other comments , there are many anti-greek comments you like to make , such as ` greeks caused this crisis ' or ` greeks in northern epirus are really just albanians ' , so yeah , i figured you hate us for some reason , saying these lies without proof . 
  that 's the impression you gave me . 
  people who make such comments do n't usually have the flag in their flair , yet you do . 
  you write bad things about greece , you try to belittle the greeks , you accuse us in an unusually high amount of greece-related threads , all without proof , and at the same time , you have a greek flag next to your name . 
  that 's a smoking gun right there . 
  to me , it looks like something a non-greek would do to make us look bad . 
  but frankly , i do n't care much . 
  i was simply replying to a serb who was given the same impression , because of all the anti-serbia things you kept saying in an also unusually high serbia-related threads . 
  hmmm ... anti-greek , anti-serbian , pro-albanian ... 
  i do n't want to jump to conclusions ... 
  sure , 
  yes . 
  i guess we have different definitions for ` best ' . 
  uhh ... best europe ? 
  we 're saying the same thing . 
  they should have stayed home . 
  they said it themselves . 
  `` those rescued in the mediterranean sea have told aid workers they paid more than $ 10,000 ( # 7,750 ) each to be taken from dhaka to dubai or turkey and onwards to libya '', 
  there is no such thing as an economic refugee . 
  refugee is someone who flees persecution or life threatening events . 
  someone who goes to another country for economic reasons is called an immigrant . 
  if he does so illegally , then he 's an illegal immigrant . 
  besides , the article states that they payed 10.000 $ each . 
  yet they had to leave the country because of extreme poverty ? 
  then why call them refugees ? 
  wow . 
  this video was uploaded 10 years ago ... feel old yet ? 
  only about 140 countries left . 
  you can do this , op !, 
  omg !, 
  these people are so ignorant !, 
  nobody said poland ... ^ / s, 
  happy birthday , guillaume !, 
  it 's not trolling , haha . 
  the map is wrong , since cyprus is officially not devided . 
  but even if it was , if i understood correctly , it 's people from the south side that are participating . 
  still , since the division is not recognised i do n't think it should be on the map . 
  other than that , good job !, 
  why is cyprus like this on the map ? 
  is that the czech repepelic ? 
  you want to pay absolutely zero taxes to a state that provides you with everything ? 
  ( not the current state , obviously ) you said you want to pay for private education . 
  that will probably be more expensive than paying minimal taxes and having free education of the same or even better quality . 
  well , anyway . 
  good luck with that . 
  exports , tourism , industry ... 
  there are many ways for a country to make money . 
  macedonian ? 
  what ? 
  oh , you mean that former yugoslav republic thing ... 
  so you 're saying we should not have democracy because then the state would take your money to give it to the pensioners ? 
  do you think taxation will be the only income for the country in a state that actually works ? 
  it 's one of the oldest languages still in continuous use . 
  is ` recreate greece ' the same as ' \u0394\u03b7\u03bc\u03b9\u03bf\u03c5\u03c1\u03b3\u03af\u03b1 \u03be\u03b1\u03bd\u03ac ' ? 
  that 's what google tells me . 
  also , who said anything about taking away your family 's income ? 
  are you making things up ? 
  ok , keep voting for parties then , see how that goes . 
  i 'm sure they all want what 's best for you . 
   they have a reputaion of delivering `` exellent education '' . 
  parties are the way to go . 
  when you see the prime minister 's cousin working in a high position and doing a terrible job , you know how he got there . 
  nice !, 
  where is this ? 
  ^ in ^ greece ... 
  my grandparents have a different accent than i do . 
  are they not my relatives ?!, 
  : o dude , you do n't know what you 're saying . 
  if it makes you feel better , for whatever reason , you can identify as a turk or albanian or whatever you want . 
  just do n't try to bring the rest of us in this . 
  foreign = not greek . 
  it speaks for itself ... 
  wow , very nice proof . 
  nice arguements ... 
  a greek with no foreign blood . 
  if you 're implying that we do n't exist , provide proof yourself . 
  right . 
  and which party will give these things to you ? 
  none . 
  parties do n't care about us . 
  by the way , `` free and good education '' was the basic way to put it . 
  my comment was an example , not the new constitution . 
  but even if we do have a few minor different ideas , that means that we should not unite and take the leadership of this country into our own hands ? 
  release the kratos !, 
  for the leaders and politicians of golden dawn , kke , pasok , nd , syriza and every other party , prosperity is getting a big paycheck , living in a big house , driving around with expensive cars , not paying bills and taxes , lying to people and staying out of jail . 
  the only difference between any of those people is what kind of lies they say .
