  it was not a secular organization . 
  religion was not the main issue of eoka . 
  since forever means since as far back as you can trace history . 
  before that , you can only assume . 
  ca n't you see that what you are saying is really the same thing ? 
  what if we were nomads ? 
  where did the nomads come from ? 
  the were around `` since the earth came out to be '' ? 
  did they spawn ? 
  you ca n't tell , really . 
  so why is this ok for nomads , but not for non-nomads ? 
  yeah , keep calling me uneducated , that 'll work ... 
  i think it 's enough fun for a lifetime ... 
   everyone is nomad on earth , it is not only hungarians or turks . 
  even persians came from east and settled and founded persepolis . 
  i have not studied greek history , but i know enough to say that you are not native to anatolia . 
  be it pontus , central anatolia or whatnot . 
  these regions were all colonized by greeks who came from the west . 
  nothing wrong , just saying so that you do n't believe in a fairytale like you came down from the sky right on the land . 
  we were in the region since a time when history was not recorded . 
  so you ca n't really prove we came from somewhere else . 
   it is like saying no , no it 's not like saying . 
  why do you always have to compare such things ? 
  the al-qaeda was not protecting their homeland . 
  they had religious purposes . 
  your comparison makes no sense . 
  we were in the region since forever . 
   acts based on nationalistic bond aiming for a `` great union of x '' are always dangerous . 
  i personally do not motivate the union of turkey and azerbaijan for instance . 
  i know for a fact people who wish that are not really rational and they are easily getting dangerous . 
  just like your golden dawn people . 
  you stopped making sence since a while ago , but this is beyond all limits ... 
  it would be dangerous to unite a nation ... ? 
  care to explain that ? 
   and did they fall from the sky ? 
  how logical . 
   again , they went there from the mainland . 
  yeah , and how did they get to the mainland ? 
  does it make more sence if they fell from the sky in the mainland ? 
  questions like that are paradoxical . 
  we were here since before you can trace history . 
   and eoka already committed massacre so that is not the scenario . 
  it does not need take over the world to become a threat . 
   after eoka started the shit , they armed themselves . 
  but they did not start randomly killing civillians out of nothing . 
  they were attacked . 
   well whatever noble reason it had initially , it lost it , and ended up with shame and blood . 
  again , if there were no oppressors , eoka would n't exist . 
  greeks were on the island since centuries before alexander ... 
  ancient artefacts and probably resources , too . 
   ethnic cleansing and a world war . 
  that did not happen because of the anschluss . 
  but even if it did , what are you saying ? 
  that greece would annex cyprus and wage war on turkey and try to take over the world ? 
  come on ...  give me a break . 
  like anatolia and cyprus were born greek . 
  alexander swiped off persians and hellenes colonized the lands , just like ottomans swiped off byzantines and colonized the lands . 
  stop whining about some shit when you did exactly the same . 
  cyprus was greek before alexander . 
   who came there and stole the land from others . 
  it 's not like universe gave the lands to greeks . 
  anatolia was hellenized for years through coloninzation and migration from greek mainland . 
  cyprus was greek from ancient times . 
   turkish minority was killing greeks ? 
  lol they got massacred by eoka , how can they kill greeks ? 
  they are minority , it is like me saying turkish greeks in istanbul killed turks , that 's why they got kicked out and were subjected to pogrom . 
  it does not make sense , does it ? 
  are you denying that too ?!, 
  look it up , man . 
  turks killed people . 
   eoka came out to kick the british , ended up with ethnic cleansing , rape and destruction . 
  eoka came to free cyprus from the oppressors . 
  the british and you . 
  it was mostly against the british , though , yes . 
  at this point , not even you know what you 're talking about ... who said anything about alexander and his empire ? 
  what ? 
  i just said that if the island was not occupied and oppressed , the eoka would not exist . 
   like austrians wanted to unite with germans . 
  how did it go ? 
  and ... ? 
   dude you had a junta back home , and a paramilitary organization in charge of the island with a religious priest called makarios , and this setup , no matter whatever you call it , committed atrocities on the island against turkish minority . 
  you may think they are the `` good guys '' but the result is obvious . 
  ca n't you understand it ? 
  the people , the common people were greeks who wanted to reunite with greece . 
  they were seperated by your peaceful ottoman empire . 
  when greeks started liberating themselves , they naturally wanted to be in the same one greek state . 
  as for the turkish minority , it was made up of descendands of settlers from older times , who went there to steal an island and oppress the real natives , the greeks . 
  then , the island was occupied by our great allies , the brittish , who stole whatever they wanted and imprisoned whoever they wanted , while the turkish minority which was made of older colonials , the ottomans , were also killing greeks . 
  so the island was under double occupation . 
  and the greeks made the eoka . 
  and we were somehow the bad guys ... wow , you 're not biased at all ... 
  soon , i hope . 
  because you were invading . 
  if there were no turkish invaders and not british colonials , eoka would n't need to exist . 
  it was because of you that it needed to exist . 
   yeah right , because everyone who disagrees with you , should be in a secret plot against you . 
  you are paranoid . 
  occupying and island is not the same as disagreeing with someone . 
   majority of germans said heil hitler at time , it did not end well . 
  just because some shit is supported by a herd , does not always mean it is lawful and lovely .
