   on 28th may 2002 , an incident occurred at the book exhibition of salonika involving around 100 right-wing militants who stormed the stands where publications from balkan countries were being displayed . 
  they exercised their own variety of censorship by removing and burning books from those balkan countries , the content of which was considered by some persons to be insulting . 
  a large number of these books were vlach literature from the republic of macedonia ( fyrom ) . 
  i do n't aprove of book burning and neither do most people . 
  these `` right-wing militants '' were obviously wrong , but did they really target vlach literature , or was that collateral damage ? 
  i do n't know the reason behind their attack . 
  whatever the case , the actions of a group that is condamned by most people do n't prove enough . 
   another example of insufficient tolerance is the publishing ( or non-publishing ) of books with aromanian subjects . 
  it is typical that most classical scientific literature on the aromanians has yet to be translated into the greek , whereas there are translations in nearly every other balkan language . 
  who says there are no such books ? 
  there are . 
    many of them risked their lives or died while fighting for greece . 
   certainly so , i did not say that aromanians were/are not loyal citizens of greece . 
  some of them , less than the others , also died fighting against greece . 
  loyal citizens of greece ? 
  they also fought for greece at a time when the country had no independence . 
  there was no state at the time , and , as a result , no citizenships . 
  they were not loyal to a state . 
  they were loyal to their nation and its cause for freedom and independence . 
  that was a greek cause and they were actively part of it , because they felt , and indeed were , greeks . 
  as for those who fought against greece , consider that every country has traitors . 
  many people have fought against their countries . 
   the range of different forms of identity and the resulting dilemma of the division of fundamental alignments within the aromanian communities was conditioned on the one hand by their cultural and mental proximity to the greeks and on the other hand by the proximity of their language to the romanian . 
  the recognition of the `` ullah millet '' , the influence of different national movements , especially those of greece and romania , and the influence of foreign powers in the southern balkans , led to further division and clashes . 
  the greek-romanian conflict achieved its climax in the last and most violent phases of the macedonian struggle ( 1903-1908 ) , when most aromanian groups fought on the pro-patriarchate side , while others took sides with the pro-bulgarian exarchists . 
  confrontation between differently oriented aromanians led to bloodshed . 
  the increased tension between the different groups in 1906 led to the breaking-off of diplomatic relations between romania and greece . 
  since then , the `` ullah millet '' has been called a `` romanian minority '' and the aromanians were no longer divided into pro-greeks and pro-romanians , but into greeks ( neo-hellenes ) and romanians . 
  during all this time , romania was funding and running romanian schools in regions with aromanians and was propagating that aromanians were in fact romanians , in an effort to win them over . 
  the `` ullah millet '' was an effort to create a `` romanian minority '' out of people who were not romanians . 
   a different orientation began in 1917 , when italian troops advanced via albania into epirus and founded , with the help of alkiviadis diamantis , the `` principate of pindos '' in the area of aromanian settlement . 
  italy undertook attempts to convert the pro-romanian aromanians into pro-italian , which succeeded to a small degree . 
  similar attempts were undertaken during the second world war , when the aromanian members of the `` roman legion '' fought on the side of the italian troops . 
  collaborators existed in many countries . 
  the fact that they had been exposed to propaganda beforehand makes it even less of an argument . 
   in greece , the national identity of most aromanians takes place without a doubt through modern hellenism . 
  from the perspective of the greek aromanians all monolingual populations which only speak greek belong to the greeks ( gre\u0163 ) , while the vlach - , slav - and albanian-speaking people can also belong to the hellenes ( elini , in greek ellines ) . 
  thus , the two terms greek and hellenic cause problems . 
  while almost every aromanian considers himself to be hellene ( ellinas , fem . 
  ellines ) when speaking greek , he would not consider himself greek ( grecu , fem . 
  gre\u0163 ) when speaking aromanian . 
  both words are thousands of years old . 
  the romans used `` graeci '' ( greeks ) , while the greeks used '' \u0388\u03bb\u03bb\u03b7\u03bd\u03b5\u03c2 '' ( ellines ) . 
  vlachs are a special case . 
  they are greeks who speak a language derived from the language of the romans . 
  it 's natural for confusion to be created between words in this case . 
   to demonstrate this fact , let me quote maria k. from kleisoura . 
  `` of course i am proud to be vlach , but i am much prouder to be hellene '' were her first comments when speaking about the vlachs in greece . 
  only a few minutes later , when we switched over to aromanian , she told me about her daughter `` you can \u00b4 t imagine my shock when our daughter wanted to marry a greek !, 
  who wants to marry their own children to the greeks ? '' . 
  [ 36 ] to be a hellene does not mean automatically to be greek . 
  further problems are provoked if a language is used that does not differentiate between greek and hellene . 
  she did n't want her daughter to marry outside of the community . 
  in old times , this was common everywere in greece . 
  a cretan mother could have said the same thing about her daughter if she was going to marry a not cretan , for example . 
  considering that people in villages are usually more traditional , it 's normal for this mindset to still be present . 
   greece has no pulling power . 
  your economy is incredibly shit . 
  what leverage do you have against european powers ? 
  threatening to pull out of the eu ? 
  they 're practically begging you to already . 
  how are all these things relevant ? 
   it 's nothing to do with being childlike , i simply know that i could 've been in the same situation as those vlachs . 
  i 'm a romanian from the south , from wallachia ( what a coincidence ) . 
  if my ancestors had migrated a little more southward , i would n't be victor today , i 'd be giorgios , or perhaps vasili . 
  greek as any other . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  again , nobody moved south and `` became greek '' . 
  you ca n't `` become greek '' . 
  aromanians were always there . 
   romanians in the modern sense are nothing more than autochtonous tribes who got assimilated by the romans and adopted vulgar latin . 
  that 's our national ethos . 
  if that 's the case , how are n't the vlachs `` romanians '' ? 
  because those autochthonous tribes were probably not greek . 
  if that does n't matter , then every romance speaking population , including the italians , french , spanish , portuguese and so on , is romanian . 
  but that is not the case . 
   ethnicity , especially in the byzantine and ottoman empires , is quite hard to define , as i 'm sure you 're aware . 
  why ? 
   lost debate ? 
  there 's no debate . 
  i do n't give a shit about debating a deluded nationalist with illusions of grandeur . 
  of course you do n't . 
  that is why you spent all this time posting messages on the subject . 
  and you 're not losing . 
  it 's not like every message you sent contained swearwords . 
  it was all valid arguments . 
  and obviously mentioning the f.y.r. 
  is not a sign of not having arguments about the subject in hand . 
  also , implying ( without evidence ) that my ancestors were not greeks definitely made your opinion sound more correct . 
  to add to all that , your country being twice the size of mine is surely not something a kid would mention . 
  i mean , it plays a significant role in putting up a diplomatic fight . 
  more land = more diplomats , right ? 
  haha , classic awnser after a lost debate . 
  you could try to prove that , but then you 'd lose two debates in a row . 
  well , it 's a long history . 
  first of all , aromanians were considered to be greeks by themselves and by the other greeks since before the creation of the modern greek state . 
  also , there were large bulgarian ( orthodox christian ) populations in the north . 
  they were not seen as greeks , which is why there was a population exchange with bulgaria . 
   you 're lucky not a lot of romanians are aware of this bullshit . 
  why are we lucky ?
