  as for the people , i think knowing that your kids will find a job in greece and wo n't have to move abroad , having a steady and well paying job , having a house that belongs to you and not the bank , being free of debt , living in a country that is not decaying , being economically alive , having free and good education and health care , getting a reasonable pension and knowing that your country is n't ruled by criminals are some of the most important examples of prosperity . 
  when people realise that they can only achieve these things on their own , they will unite and take these things . 
  you can not expect to be saved by those who are destroying you . 
  and ? 
  all i said is that they 're not pure greeks . 
  sure , they have some greek blood , but that 's it . 
  many turks even have celtic blood . 
  i do n't know how may talks . _ . 
  parties and the media ( which are owned by the same peolple ) create the ideas of `` liberals '' , `` conservatives '' , `` left '' and `` right '' . 
  for almost 40 years , greece was governed by the same two `` rival '' parties successively . 
  one was supposed to be `` conservative '' and `` democratic '' and `` right-wing '' , the other `` social '' and `` centre-left '' . 
  they both closed down healthy greek corporations , and so made sure that the greek economy would fall , which it did , they both got us in debt , they both signed unconstitutional , anti-greek memoranda that destroyed the country . 
  a few years ago , a new party broke this two-party tradition by winning the elections . 
  this one is `` liberal '' and `` left-wing '' . 
  it is supported by a smaller party , which is `` nationalist '' , `` conservative '' and `` right-wing '' . 
  these two have done the same things as the ones before . 
  they have signed another anti-greek memorandum and are about to sign one more , too . 
  they have sold ports and airports for ridiculously low prices and continued their colleagues ' destructive work . 
  all these parties are supposed to represent different political views . 
  left , right , liberal , conservative ... and even though many politicians go from one party to the other , they argue with each other in the parliament , when there are cameras there , to make us believe that they represent different things . 
  but in reality , they all have the same goal . 
  the destruction of greece . 
  i do n't think that all those liberals who voted for this one party , or the conservatives who voted for the other wanted greece to be destroyed . 
  they simply believed in lies . 
  `` look what the conservatives did !, 
  we leberals will do better ! '', 
  - `` the liberals do n't know how to govern , vote for us , who have experience . '', 
  we can keep voting for them , pretending we do n't know that they do n't even like this country , or we can unite as a nation and purge all the parties , and form a real government by ourselves without fake tags such as `` left '' and `` right '' . 
  there is no debt !, 
  * thows multiple bolts *, 
  i do n't want to found a party to unite all of greece . 
  parties do n't unite , the divide . 
  people must unite under their nation , not a party . 
  you say that everyone has different political views . 
  it 's true . 
  but that 's only because the parties did their job correctly in installing all the wrong ideologies in peoples minds . 
  wo n't everyone agree that their country must prosper ? 
  if they agree on that , all the rest is simply about how to achieve that , which can be awnsered through a logical , non-biased and honest debate between the citizens , without parties trying to divide people with their ideologies and bribes . 
  in a real democracy , local municipalities will have their own assembly , where people will make democratic decisions and elect a representative . 
  note that propaganda and manipulation of thought will not be there . 
  by ` representative ' , i do n't mean someone who will do and say whatever he/she wants , but someone who will do and say what the people who elected them told him/her to do and say , and so , trully represent them . 
  through such honest representation the whole government of the country will form , and if a representative does n't serve the people , but his own interests instead , then he/she must be punished . 
  this is already happening . 
  we are being ruled by foreign people and the parties/politicians are their puppets . 
  there are many parties to choose from , but they all belong to the same people and serve the same interests . 
  by voting for a party , you are given the illusion of choice , that you somehow had a say on your ruler , while in fact , any other party would do the same things as the one you voted for . 
  they would simply use different words . 
  one party would sign memoranda , while the other would sign agreements . 
  one party would sell national property , while the other would `` make financial deals '' . 
  one party would destroy you in a right way , while the other would destroy you in a left way . 
  which is why i say that political parties will not help . 
  no , not at all . 
  there should be a government and laws . 
  but the government should be the people and the laws should be created by the people . 
  i disagree . 
  parties were created to divide a nation , or a people . 
  they only represent * part * of the people ( or at least this part of the people thinks it 's being represented ) , which is why they 're called parties . 
  the greek word for political party is '' \u03ba\u03cc\u03bc\u03bc\u03b1 '' which literally means `` piece '' . 
  instead of having this part of the people believe in the lies of party a and another part of the people believe in the lies of party b , it 's better to have all the people of a country united with the interests of the country in mind ( which are their own interests , too ) . 
  still , they are not greeks . 
  they are a mix of peoples . 
  turkic tribes from the east , persians , arabs , kurds , armenians and greeks . 
  many of them do have a strong greek background , especially after kidnapping greek children and raising them as turks . 
  but that 's only part of their background . 
  plus , they do n't even identify as greeks , so , even if they were 100 % greek genetically ( which they 're not ) , they would still be non-greeks in my book . 
  for once , i agree with you . 
  every political party in greece is anti-greek . 
  every single one of them . 
  those that are in the parliament and those that are not . 
  voting for any of them will get us nowhere . 
  instead , we should unite as a nation and rule our country ourselves , without political parties . 
  not as the republic of turkey . 
  edit : unless you mean generally , in which case , we controlled them , plus modern turkey for millennia . 
  * throws lighning bolt *, 
  `` back '', 
  well , most have already given their cousins and friends high paying jobs in the public sector even if they did n't have the right qualifications , so yeah , if it is proven that they got such a position unfairly , them too . 
  i think all our `` leaders '' should be in jail . 
  more like inexistant church . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what difference does it make to a refugee where his camp is located ? 
  will he have more to do in europe than in the republic of turkey ? 
  will he be given education in europe but not in the republic of turkey ? 
  why ? 
  if the e.u. 
  wanted to host refugees to lift some weight off the turkish government 's shoulders , then it would transport them to europe safely , it would n't let smugglers do the job . 
  yet that 's not the case . 
  in fact , the e.u. 
  has sent frontex to prevent them from crossing the greek border ( or at least pretend they 're trying ) . 
  what debt ? 
  many of these people are not even from syria or iraq . 
  they 're not from any war zone . 
  how do you know who is syrian and who is n't ? 
  what i 'm saying is that we are opening our borders to people who say are refugees , when a lot of them are obviously not . 
  at that point , it is as if there are no borders whatsoever . 
  coincidentally , a comment of mine in / r/askeurope just got censored !, 
  freedom of speech at its best !, 
  glad i helped !, 
  it 's actually * a * european . 
  the `` eu '' part sounds like `` y '' , hence the deliberately misspelled `` yurop '' . 
  well , the general idea of what he said , the way i understood it , was that europe is a continent inhabited by people who are called europeans and have their own culture , in each european country .
