  from all these countries ? 
  i knew an icelander whose last name was [ uses a patronymic system ] . 
  yes !, 
  when i saw it in comparison with the people in the picture , i was surprised !, 
  mind = blown, 
  i was looking at this yesterday on wikipedia and now it 's here . 
  what are the odds ... 
  haha . 
  * `` europe '' *, 
   not european not even a street !, 
  how do you know what garbage tastes like ? 
  `` son/grandson '' :'d, 
  was n't 1979 part of the metapolitefsi ? 
  anyway , the previous ones were not any better . 
  as for the book , if i ever get it , i might read it . 
  but i still think it 's propaganda . 
  i 'm honsetly surprised ... 
  i thought he 'd never die ... so young ... 
   our economic problems have their roots in our spendaholic state and corrupt relationships between the voters and the political class the same political class that got us in the union . 
  corrupt politicians then , corrupt politicians now . 
   actually kaskarelis is a well established diplomat for the greek state . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the `` greek '' state is not serving greek interests . 
  well established diplomats work for the same corrupt politicians we talked about . 
   but in the long run international trade deals concerning the eu as a block have other benefits . 
  mainly involving many nations as a trading block instead of negotiating independently . 
  it simplifies the negotiating process for many parties making it easier for more to get involved . 
  was all that supposed to make our economy better ? 
  am i wrong to say it failed ? 
  not only did our economy not flourish , but it started decaying from that point . 
  from 1981 , when the treaty took effect , the industry of greece was crushed . 
  to make a `` competitive market '' in the e.u. 
  farmers were funded if they threw away tons of their products . 
  many greek supermarkets were replaced with foreign ones . 
   the defence argument though is way more important than the economic one . 
   this is way to complicated to analyze on a reddit comment . 
  i can point you here though . 
  an insightful book written by insider , vassilis kaskarelis . 
  the book seems to be about the nato , rather than the e.u. , not that i like the nato more . 
  and it does n't look trustworthy to me , as it refers to the september 11 `` terror attacks '' . 
  looks like propaganda , to be honest . 
   access to a bigger market , easier movement of goods and labor etc. 
  we were not isolated before that . 
  we still traded with other countries , european or not . 
   and later a voice at the european geopolitical and defence table , a say in policy making concerning our immediate allies and partners in the region and globally etc. 
  what does that even mean ? 
  and who were our immidiate allies ? 
  in what way was it a tremendous win ? 
  yay ... 
  so great ... 
   you mentioned that the current residents of fyrom are mostly descended from slavs , rather than the ancient macedonian civilization . 
  this is true . 
  but ... does it matter ? 
  i do n't see why ancestry should matter as much as present culture . 
  of course it matters . 
  why would n't ancestry be as important ? 
  and why do you think that our cultures are the same , or even similar ? 
  their culture is bulgarian , ours is greek . 
   people migrate all the time . 
  yes , they do . 
  that 's how the people north of the border ended up there , even if they claim to be native . 
   i 'm sure a lot of modern greek people are descended from the hellenized native people of anatolia how can you be so sure ? 
  during the hellenistic period , non-greek people in areas around the greek world adopted greek as a universal language , much like it happens with english today , and followed a more greek way of life . 
  however , they did n't adopt a greek sentiment . 
  lucian , for example , who lived in the 2nd century c.e. , wrote his works in greek , yet he was an assyrian . 
  `` hellenized '' foreigners were not literally becoming greek , they just followed the greek culture , like much of the world today is `` westernized '' without identifying as westerners . 
  when new empires came around , these people followed the next universal cultures , while the greeks remained greeks . 
   rather than from the people who were living in the modern boundaries of greece thousands of years ago . 
  obviously , not all of our ancestors lived within the modern borders of this republic . 
  greece used to be a lot bigger . 
   similar things happen all over the world . 
  foreign groups migrate into a region , and then adopt their native culture , and eventually their descendants are seen as being natives and not of the original foreign culture . 
  that 's not what happened here . 
   so is n't it the case that the current residents of fyrom , while primarily descended from foreign groups like bulgarians , have chosen to lose that foreign culture and assimilate into the native macedonian culture ? 
  they did not chose to assimilate into the native macedonian culture , which would still be very wrong and unacceptable . 
  they fabricated a myth , claiming to be something they 're not , saying that we , the actual macedonians , are not macedonians and that the ancient macedonians were not greeks . 
  they took a history book and turned it into a work of fiction . 
  history does n't work like that . 
   i can actually only think of one significant difference between the ways that fyrom residents and greek macedonians see themselves . 
  the former group considers macedonians to be an ancient people that are completely separate from greeks , while the latter group considers macedonians to be an ancient people who are a subset of the greek people . 
  yes . 
  but what people consider themselves to be does n't change reality . 
  i can consider my self to be a native american . 
  but i wo n't actually become one . 
  also , with the word ` macedonians ' we refer to only the greeks of the region of macedonia . 
  we do not refer to the people of the former yugoslav vardarska banovina as macedonians . 
  those people are foreigners to us . 
   but , in other ways , macedonian nationalists seem to be pretty much the same . 
  they both use the sun as vergina as their symbol , for instance ( like you mentioned ) . 
  and they both see themselves as the heirs to the ancient macedonian civilization . 
  what is a macedonian nationalist , exactly ? 
  macedonians are greeks , therefore , those of us that are nationalists , are greek nationalists . 
  macedonian nationalists , peloponnesian nationalists , athenian nationalists and so on , simply do not exist . 
  yes , we are proud of our region and its history , but our macedonian identity is n't distinct from our greek identity . 
  as for the `` nationalists '' from the country to the north , they are not macedonians , so how can they be macedonian nationalists ? 
  in fact , they 're not even a nation , so how can they be nationalists in the first place ? 
  yes , both groups see themselves as the heirs to the ancient macedonian civilization , but it seems you missed an important fact . 
  the two groups see * only themselves * as the heirs , and not the other group . 
  i do n't see what makes us similar . 
  i can start using japanese symbols and claim to be japanese , and that the people who live in japan are not .
