  the eu is not europe . 
  the coe is not europe . 
  these are simply political entities that do n't trully represent europe and the europeans . 
  the flag in question represents these organisations , not europe . 
  what do you mean ? 
  well said . 
  all this talk about may is getting tiring . 
  you think april was any better ? 
  and what agreement would that be ? 
  i am . 
  i 'm saying that it 's not humanitarian to open the borders to illegal immigrants . 
  i 'm saying that if , for example , my life in greece was in danger , so much so that staying here was not an option and i desperately had to leave the country , i would simply cross the border to bulgaria , or take a boat to italy . 
  once the authorities there arrested me for illegal immigration , i would ask for asylum . 
  notice that there are no countries between greece and bulgaria or greece and italy . 
  now , would it make sense to continue and move north to cross the romanian border ? 
  it would be the romanian authorities that would arrest me this time . 
  what would i say to them ? 
  that my life was in danger in greece ? 
  as far as they know , i would be entering through bulgaria , where my life was not in danger . 
  but even if i could legaly do that , why would i ? 
  and what would come next ? 
  would i move furhter north and cross the ukrainian border ? 
  what would i achieve ? 
  where would i stop ? 
  will they not be wasting the same time in europe ? 
  what can they do in europe that they ca n't do in the republic of turkey ? 
  first of all , as i mentioned in my previous comment , there are no problems with kurds in the aegean coast . 
  also , the population there is more secular . 
  so refugees in those parts of the republic of turkey would have no problem , even if they are shias . 
  secondly , if they move to europe for economic reasons , they are economic migrants , not refugees . 
  if they do so without the propper papers , they are illegal immigrants and should - by law - be halted at the border and returned back . 
  thirdly , you just counted 5.400.000 people who fled syria because a group of islamists known as `` isis '' is commiting atrocities . 
  how many people are in isis ? 
  the maximum estimation is roughly 200.000 militants . 
  most of the refugees i see in europe are military aged males who flee because the syrian government wants to conscript them . 
  let 's assume that half of these 5.400.000 people are not military aged males , and i 'm being very generous here . 
  that lives us with 2.700.000 males fit for war . 
  let 's be even more generous and say they are only 2.000.000 . 
  they would form one of the strongest armies in the world . 
  add that to the existing syrian army and all the foreign support . 
  something is not right here . 
  if the greek system is so bad , why did they come here ? 
  in fact , regardless of the greek system , since the republic of turkey is not at war , why did they leave it ? 
  yes , i would be satisfied with not being in danger . 
  that is exactly what refugees need . 
  safety . 
  once they are in a safe place , with a basic roof over their head , food and water , they have everything a refugee needs . 
  they are not `` at the bottom of society '' , because they are not part of society in the first place . 
  refugees do not intend to stay in their host country forever , but rather stay there temporarely until things in their own country settle down . 
  how so ? 
  there are camps here that accommodate them , but they burn them down themselves while shouting `` allahu akbar ! '' . 
  but there is enough space for such camps in the republic of turkey , too . 
  in addition to that , saudi arabia has organised , air conditioned tents , capable of hosting 3.000.000 people . 
  yet they remain empty , even though they are muslims . 
  refugee camps can be set up almost anywhere , and if they have to spread in multiple countries , it makes much more sense to do so in neighbouring countries of syria , which are also following the same religion . 
  why would i spend less time in germany ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  even if they can cross multiple peaceful countries there is no rational reason for them to do so . 
  when you have a war happening in your country , and for whatever reason , you do n't want to fight for your country and want to leave , you say : `` i 'm in danger here , i will go to the nearest safe place '' , not : `` i 'm in danger here , let 's go to germany '' . 
  and it 's not just germany . 
  it 's everything in between , and even beyond that . 
  there are people who claim to be refugees in greece , austria , germany , france , sweeden and so on . 
  they are spread almost all over europe . 
  once they entered the republic of turkey , they were immediately on safe ground and in a country with the same religion and similar culture to theirs . 
  and if they were n't safe in the southeastern parts of the republic of turkey ( kurdistan ) , they certainly were when they reached the aegean coast . 
  my question is this : why did these people decide to leave the republic of turkey , to go to greece ? 
  were their lives in danger there ? 
  in a place where tourists go ? 
  places where tourists go are usually safe . 
  and keep in mind that they started leaving the republic of turkey before the coup attempt , so that was n't a factor . 
  so once war breaks out in a country , the residents of that country can travel to any country in the world without papers ? 
  if your life was in danger in germany , would you go to japan to be safe ? 
  and if they could indeed do that , why would they ? 
  just because they can ? 
  why did they cross 7 borders to do that , though ? 
  is every country between syria and germany at war ? 
  in austria ? 
  well , according to some maps i 've seen , they seem to be entering germany from austria . 
  what 's happening in austria ? 
  why are they leaving ? 
  and how did they end up in germany ? 
  that 's a long way from home . 
  why did they go there ? 
  it 's a simple question . 
  illegal immigrants were always stopped at the border . 
  what is their home country ? 
  the eu is trully awful and i hope we leave soon . 
  in what way is letting all these people in humanitarian ? 
  why are there refugees in germany ? 
  which one of germany 's neighbouring countries is at war ? 
  yes . 
  while i 'm not a minority in my own country yet , i do experience racism . 
  i , as a legal citizen , have to pay taxes , but illegal immigrants not only do n't pay taxes ( obviously ) , they are paid just for being here . 
  they have been seen standing in crowds in front of atms . 
  this is unofficial so far , but the minister of immigration policy said that there are plans to start giving 400 euros/month to illegal immigrants . 
  note that there is an economic crisis here and many people are jobless . 
  they do n't receive 400 euros per month . 
  they do n't receive anything ... 
  i do n't think burning cities and killing unarmed civilians is considered `` cool '' . 
  i do n't comment negatively on random posts about turkey .
