  i simply explained my way of thinking since a lot of people asked me . 
  so your problem is that i mentioned muslims ? 
  are they or are they not a large enough , worth mentioning factor ? 
  i think they are , so i went ahead and mentioned them , since the person wondered why germany 's percentage was low . 
  and then you jumped out of nowhere to call me a bigot , because i mentioned them . 
  why ? 
  what 's so wrong about it ? 
  my feelings were not hurt one bit . 
   i mentioned your swearing to signify your lack of argumentation and manners and the contradiction between what you wanted to demonstrate ( european civilisation and unity ) and how you behaved ( uncivilised and ready to insult after the first disagreement ) , thus proving that you yourself are a clear example of why this project would not work . 
  so , you 're dutch . 
  good for you . 
  i 'm greek . 
  you are a foreigner to me and i am a foreigner to you . 
  we are not brothers or compatriots . 
  we are foreigners . 
  nothing connects us , really , other than the fact that we are people . 
  the japanese are also people . 
  should we unite with them too ? 
  why should we unite under one state and sacrifice our countries ? 
  i actually love my country . 
  i love my nation . 
  we have been here for thousands of years , speaking the same language , having mostly the same culture ( changed a little because of the violent imposition of christianity ) and fighting for our freedom across the millenia . 
  why would i give all that up ? 
  xerxes offered to make us part of a bigger empire . 
  we said no . 
  the ottomans did that for some time and we revolted . 
  then the germans tried to form some sort of european union in wwii , and you saw how that ended . 
  there is nothing greater for a country than its independence and its self-sufficiency . 
  we do n't need a union with other countries nor do we want it . 
  i 'm not captain obvious , though . 
  i chose to speak for something some people might have been ignoring , and thus give a wider image of this phenomenon , instead of focusing on the larger factor . 
  sue me . 
  really ? 
  care to give some examples ? 
   the fact that you even thought to blame them ( and only them ) in the first place shows your bigotry i did n't realise thought police was around . 
  yes , it is a big factor . 
  i never said it was the biggest , just big . 
  ~ 5.000.000 people are a big factor . 
  so guess what . 
  when someone wondered why germany 's percentage was so low and after people commented about the other factors such as christianity , traditions and rural areas , i did the unthinkable - i mentioned that this large community of people is maybe - just maybe - responsible . 
  i never blamed them for anything . 
  i just awnsered that person 's question . 
  someone who read the other awnsers would understand that this was simply in addition to them . 
  should i have analyzed the already mentioned factors ? 
  should i have written an essay ? 
  or should i have ignored muslims because it 's controversial to talk about them ? 
  is that it ? 
  i think that 's it . 
  right ... 
  i said that * maybe * it 's because of muslims , who believe that homosexuality is a sin that should be punished by death . 
  many muslim countries actually enforce that , so , you know , i considered this fact and thought that it could be related . 
  then i also said that i obviously did n't consider them the sole factor , but still , they are a factor . 
  but no , since i mentioned them , i must have done it in a hateful way , right ? 
  i must have thought they are the root of all problems . 
  because otherwise how would you lecture me ? 
  how would you use the word `` ass '' in your comment if i was n't a hater ? 
  you mean the kind of muslims that do n't follow the quran ? 
  see ? 
  that is a high amount . 
  obviously i did n't mean it 's only because of muslims , but they are a big factor . 
  i do n't know , then . 
  greece , slovenia , croatia , romania and bulgaria are included . 
  maybe it 's because of muslims . 
  wow , nice argumentation . 
  swearing at me will definitely make me see your point . 
  you ca n't tolerate a different view on the internet and when someone asks some questrions , you start insulting them , providing no valid points , yet you want to unite europe and have people live happily ever after . 
  do you think people will stop disagreeing with you in this `` great '' union ? 
  will it be a utopia ? 
  what will you do when people have different oppinions for important things , if you ca n't take some criticism online ? 
  will you wage war against their country ? 
  nice union . 
  i 'm sure it will work if we all have this mentality . 
  by the way , is this whole thing just about getting a banner ? 
  is this what all the fuss is about ? 
  we already have this . 
  or is it more ? 
  like , you know , having a single government and as a result , within some time , a single language , and thus a single culture ? 
  no borders between countries . 
  did i say countries ? 
  i meant provinces ... 
  nice !, 
  though thasos can also claim this title . 
  i think it 's a tie . 
  i ca n't make such a commitment right now !, 
  :( but you can marry christmas instead !, 
  part of it was , mostly about western europe . 
  the rest was about uniting europeans under one state ( under one monarch ? 
  ) , thus ending the sovereignity of countries ( part of which has already been lost ) , with the excuse of `` climate change '' , a few knife wielding people in the middle east , confused nationalists and an `` evil militaristic empire that is out to get us ! '' . 
  i do n't see why we should give up our countries and cultures in the name of a united europe . 
  but do you crossfit three ? 
  and destroy many countries and their traditions in the process . 
  no , thanks . 
  it promotes a `` united kingdom of europe '' if i understand correctly from the flag at the end . 
  that is very malicious . 
  obvious propaganda is obvious . 
  me three !, 
  i 've seen several when i passed outside of a hotel where they keep people who are supposed to be refugees and also on the news , where it shows people of many different colours arriving in boats , portrayed as refugees . 
  i did not determine their exact origin , but i know syrians are typically a little darker than south europeans , so i know that a black person ca n't be a syrian or an iraqi . 
  the `` indian '' skin colour is native only in the indian subcontinent as far as i know . 
  so when i see people with that colour , i know they are not syrians .
