  is that your argument ? 
  people whose flair says greece are delusional ? 
  but they 're not macedonians , that 's the thing . 
  and the diocletian analogy is wrong . 
  also , just because we had attention for years , we should give part of our history to others ? 
  that 's like saying `` hey , you have many children , give one away '' . 
  wow , you whine more than i do !, 
  makes sense , since i do n't whine ...  every other time you see macedonia i see macedonia every day . 
  i live here !, 
  everything makes sense now !, 
  nice !, 
  just like jesus was mexican ? 
  show me when i whined and i 'll give you an upvote . 
  i do n't see your problem here . 
  it had to be said . 
  wait a minute , what 's going on here ? 
  i 'm macedonian and we were never part of yugoslavia , why is my region shown here ? 
  also , that 's not our flag ... 
  other than `` hate speech '' they said they will also ban `` fake news '' . 
  who decides what news is fake and what is not ? 
  why should a person or an organisation take the place of my critical thinking ? 
  i think it 's obvious for north korea . 
  as for greece , when a group of people takes action against the will of the people , then it 's not a democracy , but an oligarchy . 
  the word vlach , according to a popular theory , comes from a germanic word that means `` foreigner '' . 
  the way i see it , as germans were largely bordered by romance language speaking foreigners , the term got to mean someone who speaks a romance language . 
  after some time , for some reason it was only used for romance speaking peoples in eastern europe and the balkans . 
  by this we can understand that vlachs around europe have their language family in common , but are not necessarily related . 
  as far as i know , aromanians , the romance language speakers in greece are native greeks who , during roman times , adopted the latin language due to their geographic position on one of the main trade routes between east and west , the * via egnatia * , where they traded a lot with the romans . 
  their language then evolved into aromanian . 
  in later centuries most of them adopted an agricultural and livestock herding lifestyle , like many other greeks in the region . 
  the aromanians in greece today , are not very distinct from the rest of the greeks , since they generally use the greek language ( though aromanian is still alive ) and many are urbanised . 
  they , at least the ones i know , consider themselves to be greeks , and the general public does n't see them as a foreign minority , but as greeks . 
  neither is democratic . 
  glad i helped !, 
  i had to edit my comment almost 5 times before getting the link to display correctly !, 
  true , as italy is also a geographical term . 
  i 'm not sure , but i think it might be [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oowhh1x.jpg ), 
  is wikipedia an authority on such matters ? 
  bottom line is they never asked us . 
  they put us in the e.u. 
  without our permission . 
  so does the * democratic * people 's republic of korea . 
  the vatican , too . 
  but we do n't have a democracy here and these people do not represent us . 
  also , the people do n't see any benefit from any projects . 
  i 'm aware that the government and the banks did their dirty work , but if a debt exists , that 's on them , not us . 
  the people have never taken any money . 
  the * government * of greece ( which is not even greek ) took the money . 
  not the people . 
   i ca n't believe you actually think that . 
  why not ? 
  what 's so weird about it ? 
   help out a brother it 's the banks we are helping . 
  both of us . 
  that 's where our taxes go . 
  into some rich man 's non-greek pocket . 
   because they did something stupid and need help the greek people and the `` greek '' government are not the same . 
  the `` greek '' government actively works against the greek people . 
  this ` something stupid ' that happened was the job of the government and it was not an accident . 
  it was on purpose . 
  i understand that you , as a person , or your people have nothing against us , and neither do i have anything against you . 
  we are both pawns in the same system . 
  i told you , a few comments up . 
  if they gave the money to politicians , they should ask them from politicians , not the people . 
   it would never have done that if it would lead to an endless and ever increasing debt . 
  they would . 
  they do n't care about getting money . 
  they just want to destroy us economically . 
  are you asking me if i blame `` our '' politicians , too ? 
  of course i am . 
  they are part of this , too . 
   do you honestly think that the eu wants to see greece bankrupt ? 
  yes . 
   it is best for everyone in the eu , including greece , to have greece as properous as possible . 
  greece going bankrupt would be be bad for the eu , and bad for greece . 
  not really . 
  how are you going to buy a county 's property for a low price if that country is standing on its legs ? 
  you ca n't . 
   it 's crazy that you seem to think we 're not on the same side here . 
  we are on the same side you and me ? 
  of course we are . 
  we are both citizens pushed around by the banks . 
   the eu is helping you . 
  but it 's not . 
   we just want you to stop whining like a little bitch for not getting even more money . 
  first of all , watch your language . 
  when did i ever whine ? 
  also , we do n't want any of your money and we never did . 
  an article in the telegraph is an actual source ? 
  i mean the people never saw any of the money we allegedly borrowed in the beginning , so i know the people did n't borrow it . 
  besides , what are you saying ? 
  that we were in debt and the `` good e.u. '', 
  gave us money to pay our debts ? 
  how does that make sense ? 
  did the e.u. 
  not know this would lead to an endless and ever increasing debt ? 
  the media ? 
  seriously ? 
  no , but if you throw me into a wall , you are . 
  says who ?
