  the fact that politicians can steal millions , get sentenced to life in prison ( a luxurious cell ) and then get out two years later , due to `` health problems '' , while the people can lose their house if they owe 500 euros of taxes ( because they simply did n't have the money to pay ) shows that what we have is not a democracy . 
  when an old man who sells chestnuts in the streets , to make a living and feed his family , is beaten and arrested by the police because he sold them without a tax , while rich businessmen owe millions and nobody does anything to them , you can be sure , democracy is dead . 
  and as long as the thing called `` parliamentary immunity '' exists , i do n't know how you can say that `` our democracy works '' . 
   take mitsotakis for instance . 
  before politics he was working in the baking sector . 
  filthy rich . 
  in politics he loses money . 
  how does even your argument make sense ? 
  it 's you that should take him as an example . 
  an example of a man who is in politics , whose father was in politics , whose sister is in politics , whose great-uncle was in politics , whose nephew is in politics and i do n't know if i forgot someone . 
  i wo n't be surprised if his children also get in politics . 
  it 's a big business , after all , right ? 
  i do n't know about his baking career . 
  i know he was a member of the parliament . 
  and he aspired to become a prime minister , where he will get payed even more ( a.k.a. 
  we , the poor people will pay him even more . 
  him and his family ) . 
  you said he is filthy rich . 
  he 's both . 
  but he wants more . 
   it affects you because spheres of influences affect you . 
  when the balkans were under soviet control greece was the only country together with turkey in the region that matters to the us . 
  that gave us geopolitical importance . 
  we had money , weapons , alliances . 
  when the soviet union fell we lost that importance and the us found other allies in albania and bulgaria . 
  since the geopolitical theatre has shifted towards the middle east we ca n't afford to deal with a silly state such as the one in the north . 
  so , you 're telling me that we were a good american protectorate , until they dissed us for albania and bulgaria ? 
  now we are a moderate american protectorate ? 
  why is this a good thing ? 
   nato is importance because it secures our defence via article 5 . 
  it is a collective defence pact . 
  defence against whom ? 
   eu is importance because through it we secure the balkans when they join the union . 
  what does that even mean ? 
   we get funding to reform our state . 
  looks like that did n't work very well ...  we safeguard our individual rights in the european courts when our courts fail . 
  interesting ... because it looks like `` the citizens ' rights will be breached in the name of an expanded europe '' . 
  that 's what the former president agreed with . 
   we get to have a voice and a vote in matters that affect the region . 
  when was the last time your voice was heard ? 
   we have changed several governments since the 90s no . 
  we 've had the same government since way before the 90s . 
  but this same government has changed a lot of names and faces . 
   sources you ca n't keep making nothing but mistakes for decades . 
  take the alleged `` debt '' that greece supposedly owes . 
  there have been austerity measures for almost 10 years now . 
  poverty is off the charts . 
  thousands of people have taken their lives . 
  why ? 
  because pensions and wages have been cut and taxes have increased dramatically . 
  but you know what else has increased ? 
  this `` debt '' . 
  so either the politicians are too dense to realise that their policy is not working , or they actually do these things on purpose . 
  given the fact that they 're having fun and they live in luxury , with no wage cuts , while the people suffer , i think it 's the second . 
  also , what are the odds that all the governments we 've had over the last years were made up of foolish politicians ? 
  none . 
  what are the odds that they were all made up of traitors ? 
  i leave that up to you decide . 
   you are free to vote for whoever you want . 
  even for fringe political parties . 
  no one is stopping you . 
  i think you missed my point . 
  all political parties have the same interests . 
  and those interests are not greek . 
   we do n't live in a shady dictatorship . 
  that 's debatable . 
   you always have to vote for the guy that will navigate you through current times the best . 
  pms come and go . 
  no guy will do that . 
  no woman , either . 
  pms come and go , yes . 
  and they get paid a lot in the process . 
  and after the process , too . 
   the easiness with which you said `` let them go under russian influence '' indicated russophilia and only gd voters and members are advocating for such lunacy . 
  ca n't blame me for assuming that i guess . 
  i have nothing against the russians , but i do n't like their government , if that 's what you mean . 
  the point was that i do n't care if the vardarskans are under russian influence . 
  it does n't affect me . 
  if they want to be , let them be . 
   the eu is important for the forseeable future , but not as important as nato . 
  why is either of these things important ? 
  the past is over . 
  the past is over , yes . 
  but the present is no different than the past . 
  same government . 
   mistakes were made . 
  no one argues about that . 
  the government made no mistakes . 
  everything they did , they did it on purpose . 
   we have a real government . 
  a bad one in my opinion . 
  but they are the ones in charge because they were voted in by other greeks . 
  voted in ? 
  first of all , the people are told to choose one party out of several . 
  but all the parties are basically the same . 
  owned by the same people , serving the same interests . 
  so , it does n't really matter which one you chose . 
  some will destroy you in a left way , some in a right . 
  besides , do n't forget that the results can be rigged . 
  the votes are always counted and presented by the same non-greek agency every time .
