   vlachs are romanians . 
  they 're our brothers . 
  that is only a statement . 
  there is no proof next to it . 
   the fact that they 're `` greek '' , `` albanian '' , `` bulgarian '' is due to the fact that they lived a pastoral lifestyle and , as such , migrated down the mountain chains of the balkans until they reached your country . 
  most of them live pastoral and agricultural lives , or at least did , traditionally . 
  are you telling me that they left the vast plains of romania and the fertility of the land around the danube river to follow a pastoral and agricultural life on the mountains of the south balkans ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  why would they leave that rich land ? 
  and even if they left , why would they go up on the mountains and not on another plain ? 
  also , why would they be allowed to go there ? 
  could it be that the romance language speaking population in northwestern greece is a result of linguisticly latinised greeks who lived on one of the most important trade routes between rome and the east ? 
  but they always have been . 
  ask them if you do n't believe me . 
  edit : typo . 
   well , there you are , exactly proving my point . 
  the attitude and policies of the greek state and majority towards the historical ethnic minorities living in greece is just a sad joke . 
  really ? 
  tell me more . 
   the aromanians have a different ethnicity can you prove this ? 
  they themselves say they 're greeks , and history shows that they 're right . 
   and speak a language that is even from a different language family than greek . 
  nobody denied this . 
  yes , they speak a romance language , a language derived from latin . 
  most also speak greek , too , today . 
   the fact that some of them got/were hellenized so they now claim to be greek does n't make aromanians of the same ethnicity as greeks . 
  nobody was hellenized . 
  they were greeks from the beggining , so they could not be hellenized . 
  and it 's not just `` some of them now claiming to be greeks '' , it 's the vast majority of them having a greek sentiment , not just now , but always . 
  many of them risked their lives or died while fighting for greece . 
   it is honestly quite sad and pathetic how you guys can be so sensitive about protecting your identity and historical heritage , for example on the macedonia-name issue , where i have a lot of sympathy with the greek position , while at the same time being ignorant bullies about the existence and identity of the other ethnic groups living in your country . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way , but the truth sees no ideologies and biases . 
  history shows that these people are just as greek as the rest of us , but they use a different language , due to historical reasons . 
  i do n't see how we 're being ignorant bullies by recognising this . 
   this is such bullshit . 
   how the fuck nice ...  we have 240000 aromanians here in romania , all of whom migrated here from the balkans during the romanian national awakening . 
  the romanian state considers aromanians and other vlachs from the balkans ethnic romanians . 
  we have hundreds of thousands , too . 
  their ancestors fought during the greek war of independence and many other wars for greece , like the macedonian struggle and wwii . 
  note that they were not forced to do that , but they loved their country . 
  also note that any claims of `` greek propaganda '' by the greek state here is , to say the least , groundless , since the greek state did n't even exist when the aromanians decided to fight in the greek war of independence ( and thus create the greek state ) . 
  as for the people who migrated to romania , ( whose number might not be as large as you say it is ) , it 's not really weird . 
  many greeks migrated abroad and today there are many people of greek background in various countries . 
  also , romania advocated the idea that aromanians were romanians and some people believed them , even though it 's not true . 
   how the fuck are they `` greek '' ? 
  how are they greek , you ask ? 
  how are they not ? 
  their ancestors were greeks who adopted the latin language during the times of the roman empire , because of their geographical position on `` via egnatia '' , the main trade route between rome and the east , which made them have a lot of contact with roman merchants . 
  they live in the same area today , too . 
  since , like all other greeks of the time , they were roman citizens , they called themselves romans , much like the non-aromanian greeks . 
  in other words , they called themselves `` romani '' , latin for romans , while the greek speaking greeks called themselves `` romaioi '' , romans , in greek . 
  the byzantine empire , which was inhabited mostly by greeks and used the greek language , was colloquially called `` romania '' , long before today 's romania . 
  as time went by , latin became vulgar latin , which in turn split into different languages in different locations . 
  the east and the west had different influences , and so eastern romance languages , like aromanian and romanian are more similar to each other than to western ones . 
  this is why the two languages are similar , and not because of ethnic relationship . 
  aromanians themselves have historically considered themselves to be greeks , and still do . 
  i personally know aromanians/vlachs , and none of them has a distinct ethnic sentiment . 
  not true . 
  aromanians are not seen as greeks because of their religion , but because of their greek ethnicity , history and sentiment . 
  as for the `` turks '' in thrace , they 're not all turks . 
  some are , and some are not . 
   because of the obsession with religion in greece what obsession ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
   everyone of orthodox religion in greece is a greek no matter their ethnic backgrounds . 
  you just erase the fact that they may have been slavs , albanians or vlachs . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  non greeks who are orthodox christians are seen as foreigners . 
  i 've met orthodox bulgarians and albanians . 
  i did n't consider them greeks , nor did anyone else . 
  i 've also met vlachs , but yes , i do consider them greeks , because they are . 
  even if they 're atheists . 
  religion has nothing to do with it . 
   almost everyone in the balkans recognizes vlachs as an ethnic minority expect you . 
  you know , it makes sense for greeks to be seen as ethnic minorities in other countries in the balkans , but not in greece . 
  think about it . 
  because they are greeks , just like the rest of us . 
  they simply speak the aromanian language alongside greek . 
  vlachs/aromanians in greece are not an ethnic minority , but a linguistic one . 
  greece is more than just a state , a republic . 
  greece existed . 
  it was just under occupation . 
  but they did not belong to the ottomans . 
  they belonged and still belong to the greeks . 
  you ca n't buy something from someone who does not own it . 
  purchased from whom ? 
  [ these ] ( http://www.britishmuseum.org/research/publications/online_research_catalogues/ancient_cyprus_british_museum.aspx ) , for example . 
  well , i do about the artefacts . 
  is n't that enough for you ? 
  i can only imagine how many doctors you would need in that case . 
  me too !, 
  why else would i suggest you see a doctor ? 
  last comment = butthurt x3 the one before = butthurt x2 man , your butt must really hurt ... you are obsessed !, 
  : / i have already explained why i said what i said , i wo n't walk you through it again . 
  read what i said to the other op 's lawyers . 
  and go see a doctor about your butt , i would worry if i were you . 
   if history was not recorded , how do you even know ? 
  you make no sense anymore . 
  you are the one who claims to know that we were all nomads . 
  all i said is that since we were here when our history started , the safest bet is that we were here in our prehistory , too . 
   eoka was motivated by orthodox notions .
