  an democracy does not mean majority can do whatever it wants . 
  you had a junta ( which was undemoctratic in the first place ) and eoka was an armed paramilitary organization , where is the democracy in this picture ? 
  you must be kidding . 
  * you * must be kidding . 
  greeks wanted to unite with their mother country . 
  that 's the most natural thing in the word . 
  and you call that `` some stupid shit supported by a herd '' ? 
  really ? 
  honestly now ? 
  how do we know eoka did that ? 
  what does that picture prove , exactly ? 
   it has been recognized as a terrorist organization by many media organs in the uk , usa and turkey . 
  wow , the u.k. , the occupier , called the freedom fighters terrorists . 
  what a surprise !, 
  and the u.s.a. , which was their ally agreed . 
  and so did turkey , who hated greeks . 
   hamas fights for freedom too , if you look it that way . 
  hezbollah as well . 
  what makes eoka any different ? 
  i do n't know about hamas and hezbollah . 
  but eoka was indeed fighting for the freedom of the cypriots . 
   according to the zurich agreement , this was not allowed . 
  you wanted to annex cyprus , and you already had a coup back home . 
  it was obvious what you were trying to do . 
  democracy ? 
  greece was a military junta . 
  the voice of the people is what matters . 
  the vast majority of people in cyprus wanted to join greece . 
  now , some international politicians decided that the will of the people was not allowed , so the union did not happen . 
  is this what you call democracy ? 
   but i like that word most , i can say that . 
  i 'm sure you do . 
  i would , too , if i were one . 
  have a nice night . 
  it looks like yazdegard learned a new word !, 
  watch out world , he 's not afraid to use it !, 
  :'d seriously , you look like a little kid who just learned a new swearword in school and tries to find excuses to use it . 
  but of course , you are not a kid , i assume . 
  you are simply a person who ran out of arguments on the internet and has resorted to swearwords . 
  this is exactly the kind of behaviour that makes the new word you just learned describe you . 
  have a nice day . 
  i read `` eurozone monsters agree '' . 
  well , i was n't too far from reality ... 
  i saw a map about turkey containing cyprus . 
  so i thought it was an irredentist map . 
  and then , half the turkish userbase of reddit thought it was their patriotic duty to call me butthurt or to claim that i must hate turks , otherwise i would have ignored the map . 
  it 's an almost funny situation . 
   i already said on many occasions why cyprus is there , you only strawmanned it and did not respond to it . 
  but what about the south ? 
   nobody no land has to be particularly greek or turkish . 
  this kind of thinking got cyprus to this point . 
  turkish invasions got cyprus to this point . 
   and your prejudice of turks will not help any discourse . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what prejudice ? 
  it does n't include neighbouring countries , yet it includes south cyprus , which free . 
  what am i supposed to think ? 
  it 's like having a map of greece with white space north of it ( no albania , bulgaria etc. ), 
  but with turkey next to it and call it a map of greece . 
  would n't that imply something ? 
  would n't you react to it ? 
  i did n't blame you . 
  i blamed the government and the people . 
  sure , you 're part of the people , but i clearly meant the majority . 
  do n't try to build up false accusations . 
  and no , the genocide denial was not irrelevant . 
  almost the same methods were used to ethnically cleanse what is now called `` turkey '' as well as northern cyprus . 
   but at one point , somebody has to break the cycle and find a way to coexist that 's the whole policy of turkey on such matters . 
  do anything it takes to take a land from its inhabitants , even if it involves killing and deporting , and then keep the status quo for 40-50 years , until things settle down and the settlers have mostly died and are now replaced by their children and grandchildren who now have a birthright to the land . 
  then , start talking about peace and cooperation . 
  how many times do i have to explain it ? 
  do i have to draw it ? 
  i understand that your government ( and the people ) are supporting the illegal occupation and that in your country it 's seen as a good thing despite the process under which it happened and overlooking all the crimes . 
  i get it . 
  it 's no surprise comming from a country that denies its genocides . 
  what i 'm saying is that i found it unfitting in an international setting . 
  it 's only recognised by turkey . 
  this is an international site . 
  and no , i did n't know it was the norm for turkish maps to include occupied parts of foreign countries . 
   this is because of both nationalistic sentiment something recognised only by one country , which is for the most part not even in europe ( do n't make a deal about this , geographically it 's not ) is shown here for nationalistic purposes in an international site for europeans , yet i 'm pushing an agenda . 
  yeah , ok . sure . 
  eoka was fighting against the occupiers . 
  eoka was a terrorist organisation now ? 
  wow , fighting for your freedom is terrorism ? 
  ok ... greeks were the vast majority on the island . 
  and the vast majority of people on the island wanted to be unified with greece . 
  it 's called democracy . 
  the annan plan was a terrible idea . 
  thankfully it was rejected . 
  i took it too far by mentioning what i see as something wrong ? 
  i was polite . 
  i commented on it as i was supposed to , without being vulgar . 
  yes , that `` state '' only exists as a result of ethnic cleansing , mass deportations and massacres . 
  if they want to recognise it , so be it . 
  but when i see it on an international site , i think it 's reasonable to state that it 's wrong . 
  the reactions i got were what i 'd call nuts , not my comment . 
  anyway , different people , different ideas , i guess . 
  i do n't expect you to do anything . 
  you started talking to me and i replied to you . 
   my tax money is used to cover literally every expense of north cyprus what do you want ?
