  and about crete , i 'm pretty sure turks existed there until the 20s , when they left because of the population exchange . 
  as for rhodes , it was n't even affected by the exchange . 
   actually i went to greek islands multiple times and i have greek friends . 
  what else did you expect to happen ? 
   i have n't seen such hate speech from a greek before neither have i. 
  unless pointing out historical facts is hate speech . 
   there are a few racists/nationalists who are thinking like that though . 
  especially in crete . 
  thinking like what ? 
  what exactly was it that triggered you ? 
  that i mentioned the chios massacre ? 
  that i mentioned the ottoman empire ? 
  or was it the genocides i referred to ? 
  does it make me a racist ? 
  was it really hate speech ? 
   it is the first time i heard that someone is calling counter forces as terrorist against revolt . 
  are you serious now ? 
  ottoman troops landed on chios and burned it down , killing thousands of people . 
  there were orders to kill all babies , except the ones they kidnapped . 
  but i 'm one sided and you 're not ... eh , ok .  hehehe yes , i find your comment funny , too . 
   was there dislike for iranians as well because of the persian empire ? 
  or is that different because it 's a lot longer ago ? 
  it was long ago . 
  i do n't know if iranians disliked us because of alexander 's empire , though . 
   i did n't know that . 
  that 's very sad to read . 
  looks similar to armenia massacre . 
  yes . 
  there was also a larger [ genocide against greeks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ) that happened almost 100 years later , around the same time as the [ armenian genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide ) and the [ assyrian genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assyrian_genocide ) . 
  all by the same people . 
   i knew that eastern europe and greece did n't like turks because of history with ottoman empire . 
  i did n't know that they do n't like all muslims . 
  with recent times i understand , but not so much before that . 
  well , islam had been connected to bad memories . 
  i would n't say people disliked all muslims , but they also did n't love them . 
  do n't forget that it did n't start with the ottoman empire . 
  islam started in the arabian peninsula and it spread all accross north africa and the middle east . 
  it also reached the iberian peninsula , many mediterranean islands and the balkans , as well as expanding to the east . 
  all this did n't happen peacefully . 
  it was brutal conquest . 
   if you do n't mind me asking . 
  what places was those ? 
  my great-grandfather was from cappadocia . 
  it 's really common in greece to have at least one ancestor who once lived in the other side of the aegean . 
   looking at the pictures of libya and morocco . 
  they seem like very cool places . 
  i am not sure about morocco , but i hear that libya is not safe . 
  i heared tourists were stabbed in egypt . 
  maybe one day things will settle down . 
  i think it 's safe to say that muslims never really had a good reputation in greece , considering they had been hostile to us since the 7th century , when the arabs tried to - and partly succeeded - conquer the eastern roman empire ( byzantine empire ) . 
  greece was under muslim rule for almost 400 years , until the revolution of 1821 , a revolution that the muslims tried to stop , by committing [ massacres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chios_massacre ) in order to terrorise the greeks and stop them from revolting . 
  in other words , they committed terrorist attacks , long before these recent ones . 
  such events did n't stop after the revolution , either . 
  genocides and deportations were carried out by the muslim turks in asia minor and affected millions of people . 
  of course , muslims who were not turks or albanians were not viewed so negatively , since they did n't take such an active role in trying to preserve the ottoman empire , but terms like `` muslim '' or `` mohammedan '' had a bad vibe before the recent attacks , mainly due to reasons stated above . 
  today , this vibe is certainly stronger , though , because of what 's happening in europe . 
   if you could travel to any place in mena , without any risks , where would you go and why ? 
  i would visit the places where my great-grandparents lived before they were forced to leave their land in the 1920s . 
  i 'd also probably go to libya , egypt , iraq and iran to see ancient sites . 
  i heard morocco is nice , too . 
  username checks out . 
  yes , so it seems . 
  maybe they 'll get their own heroes in the future . 
  i 'd say alexander the great . 
  he 's a hero who is very well praised here in greece , but i do n't think iranians like him a lot . 
  other rich people hate me !, 
  find out how i make more than a living from home with this simple trick ... edit : my first gold !, 
  thank you !, 
  i literally do not respect any of our politicians . 
  and they do n't respect me , either . 
  game, 
  i have never deleted a comment on reddit . 
  if you do n't believe me and think one of them is mine , ask a moderator to tell you , since i think they can see deleted comments . 
  i 'll be waiting . 
  so , did you find the comment or what ? 
  i 'm still waiting . 
  i 'll do my best . 
  a government that is not working towards the country 's destruction . 
  i would never deny that macedonia is greek . 
  send me a link of when i said it . 
   there was a general consensus in ancient greece that the macedonians were non-greek really ? 
  did the ancient greeks tell you that ? 
  because strabo , a greek geographer , said that `` macedonia is greek '' , more than 2000 years ago . 
  the macedonians also took part in the olympics , where only greeks participated . 
  as for what the macedonians themselves thought , it 's obvious they considered themselves to be greeks , since they said it themselves many times . 
   while the other city-states macedonia was not a city-state . 
  it was a state that covered a large area and included many cities . 
  that is , in fact , why it may seem so `` different '' from athens or thebes . 
   the greeks did n't see the macedonians as greek , so why do you ? 
  they did , as i said . 
  also , the macedonians spoke greek , and worshiped greek gods . 
  the gods that lived on mount olympus . 
  guess where mount olympus is . 
  ( * hint : it 's in macedonia * ), 
   you called him a greek . 
  yes . 
   he was a macedonian . 
  yes . 
  the athenians `` looked down upon them '' , as they did with the spartans . 
  the spartans `` looked down upon them '' as they did with the athenians .
