  i would n't say fluent , but most people in greece can read and understand more than 80 % of text in koine . 
  well , that 's just an estimation on my part , there could be exceptions . 
  as for latin , some students learn the basic grammar , syntax and how to translate a basic text . 
  fluency in latin is really uncommon , however . 
  we have plenty , in the form of jokes . 
  some are dirty , some are not . 
  some examples : `` what do you call a japanese grave digger ? 
  that sounds like a japanese name , but in greek it means `` i should drag the coffin towards you '' . 
  `` what do you call a ukrainian transgender ? 
  sounds like a ukrainian name , but in greek it means `` i should cut off the balls '' . 
  `` what do you call a japanese urologist ? 
  it means `` for the urine '' . 
  `` what do you call a spanish wood worker ? 
  ` sanides engarcia comenes ' . 
  literally `` wooden planks cut transversely '' . 
  `` what do you call a turkish football player ? 
  ` mesut tavaz ' - `` he scores by shooting '' . 
   times change . 
  if you think european countries will be able to survive , without some sort of union , on their own in the upcoming century , you are incredibly naive . 
  why ? 
   objectively speaking , your country is far `` shittier '' than mine , and will be for a loooong time . 
  again , the economy started being like that after we were put in the union . 
  read my posts before replying . 
  and yes , it will be like that for a loooong time , unless we take the country into our own hands , and that means no e.u. 
  or other international decision makers for our country . 
   did n't greece forge papers about it 's economic situation to get entry into the eurozone ? 
  greece ? 
  the government of the `` hellenic republic inc. '' , i do n't know . 
   sure , a couple of bullies could agree to split a smaller country . 
  even so called `` balance of power '' never managed to help . 
  that was not always the case . 
   all member states are given a seat in the councils . 
  yes , states have a voice in the councils . 
  people do n't . 
   smaller nations have a proportionally stronger voice in the parliament . 
  yet it 's the richest and most popoulous countries that take the decisions . 
   eu institutions can influence national governments when they cross the red line , like poland for example . 
  so , the e.u. 
  can intervene in a county 's national matters . 
  this is undemocratic and wrong . 
   eu provides a legal framework for those , who want to cooperate in certain areas , like divorce law . 
  it faciliates mobility across the continent and lets you do bussiness together with people from other parts of europe or simply invest there . 
  come on , these things were always there before the e.u. 
   because close cooperation is the best chance for europe to remain politically relevant and protect it 's interests on a global stage . 
  europe has been one of the most relevant continents , if not the most relevant , for centuries . 
   why anyone , particularly from shitty , weak little countries like yours and mine would be against this is beyond me . 
  speak about your own country , mine is not `` shitty '' . 
  and if its economy is terrible , consider it started being like this when we were thrown in the `` eec '' , the predecessor of the `` eu '' . 
   because it prooves that peace is possible amongst former enemies that was already proven before that . 
   promotes equality , democracy and cooperation . 
  how ? 
   it is also a tool to harness globalisation and protect countries too small to make their voice heard globally or regionally . 
  would these things not be possible without this integration ? 
  it started with 9/11 , did n't it ? 
  why is european integration a good thing ? 
  what 's the point of pulse of europe ? 
  well , the fact that it started based on a false flag says a lot about the whole war . 
  i was under the impression that slavic countries had indeed a common origin . 
  maybe i was wrong . 
  as for the indo-europeans , i do n't know about that . 
  it 's a weird theory , to say the least . 
  you might be right . 
  well , yeah , because they 're not arabs . 
  but yes , my arab analogy was not the best , as arabs are more similar with each other than slavs are . 
  i did not know that . 
  thanks . 
  true . 
  good point . 
  anyway , when i think of slavs , i do n't assume they 're all one and the same . 
  i realise there are different kinds of slavs . 
  i just thought they had enough similarities to be grouped together under this umbrella term , without losing their individual national identity . 
  i guess i was wrong , then . 
  thanks for letting me know . 
  so , are you also not a croat ? 
  because if you were , would that not imply that it does n't matter if you 're from istria or zagreb and that both are basically the same thing ? 
  calling me a european would not offend me , since , i actually am a european . 
  calling greece `` turkey '' is a totally different thing , i do n't see your analogy here . 
  and i do n't know what values we could possibly share with them ... as for slavs , it 's more than just sharing some values . 
  it 's common origin of the people and their language . 
  at least that 's what i always though . 
  i do n't claim to know anything about this and i 'm not trying to tell slavs about themselves . 
  i 'm simply asking an honest question . 
  a more fitting analogy would be arabs . 
  sure , some are saudis , some are iraqis , some are egyptians , but at the same time , they are all arabs . 
  i do n't see why any of them would not like being called an arab ... 
  why would he be ignorant for thinking you are a slav ? 
  this is so cool !, 
   what about this one ? 
  what about him ? 
  why would he be different ? 
   but , i do n't think you need a monarchy when you 're the founder of democracy . 
  yes !, 
  :d thanks for the link !, 
  thankfully , we do n't have one !, 
  :d as for the former royal families , most people , as far as i know , dislike them . 
  yes , some say that greek and spanish have a very similar pronunciation . 
  the hostile government . 
  nice !, 
  yes , most non-greeks rarely hear the language . 
  mostly because there are almost no greek movies that are popular outside of greece .
