  because of politics . 
  and even that is a generalisation . 
  does that make spartans non-greeks ? 
  i never tried to get around any fact . 
  yes , he was born in macedonia and yes , he was a macedonian . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  of course some muslims are white . 
  but the vast majority is not . 
  and yes , some europeans will convert . 
  what 's your point , though ? 
   greek culture might be the most robust and enduring culture in history ( and probably always will be ) . 
  thanks for your kind words . 
   albeit under the leadership of a macedonian yes , the greek who campained in persia was a macedonian . 
  why ` albeit ' ? 
   greek culture even survived a change of religion and not only survived it but made a middle eastern religion so central to that identity that its brand of christianity is called greek orthodox to this day . 
  now there are greek orthodox communities all over the world . 
  true , but this religion was violently imposed on the greeks and as a result of it , our way of life changed . 
  no more statues , no more temples , no more philosophy . 
  just christianity . 
  the olympics were stopped and plato 's school was shut down . 
  we keep seeing in movies about how the `` bad romans '' persecuted the `` good christians '' . 
  well , that is why . 
  it was obvious to them what would happen if christianity entered the empire . 
  and they were right . 
  the same thing is happening now with islam . 
  the difference is that today , immigration and change of demographics is involved , as opposed to the imposition of a religion on the people by the government . 
   i really do n't see that greece in particular has anything to worry about with changing demographics . 
  they will do what they always do , assimilate and adapt . 
  that may be rather apt in fact , the greeks might be the most borg-like of any culture . 
  they can take on parts of other cultures , like christianity for example , whilst still remaining greek and converting others . 
  yes , we adapted to certain circumstances while keeping out identity , but we never assimilated large numbers of foreigners . 
  as for christianity , we did n't choose to take it . 
  we were forced to . 
  and we did n't convert others . 
  yes , foreign populations did use our language , and follow a rather greek way of life , but they did n't `` become greeks '' nor did they consider themselves to be greeks . 
  it was more like the westernisation of non-westerners today . 
  many speak english , at least as a second language and follow western ideas and lifestyles . 
  but they 're not nessecarily english or americans . 
   maybe i 'm overly optimistic in believing that the next generation of muslims/arabs/turks / etc that are born in europe will embrace greek/western values more than their parents , but i think history has given us some cause not to panic . 
  history also shows cultures being wiped out by islam or other religions . 
  sure , i 'm not saying we are all doomed . 
  things could go many ways . 
  and i bet that in the end , the greeks will continue to exist , as you said , and so will many other europeans . 
  but why put ourselves through all this process , which could potentially alter our civilisation ? 
  especially considering that islam actually has ruled in this part of the world for a few centuries and the only thing we got out of it was trouble and death . 
   what i already knew  yeah , because your knowledge is so extensive ... 
  quit trying to make it look like you said it straight . 
  you never did . 
  you implied it , due to lack of courage to accuse me clearly . 
   i also heard some eu countries even have female leaders !, 
  wtf !, 
  that 's you implying i 'm a misogynist . 
   you 're a misogynist . 
  that would be you if you wanted to accuse me without implying it . 
  see the difference ? 
  in either case , it 's a ridiculous claim , since the subject we were discussing had nothing to do with men or women specifically . 
  yeah . 
  you implied it . 
  you never found a rational argument to base these accusations , so you never accused me openly . 
  the thread asked how we think europe will look like in 2050 . 
  and i awnsered . 
  it will be much like the middle east , in terms of demographics . 
  that 's my view on the subject . 
  sue me . 
  then you came around , implying that this makes me a misogynistic nazi christian , even though i 'm none of those things . 
  so , really , you 're the one bitching . 
  considering you brought swearwords in a civilised conversation , when you learned that i 'm not a christian . 
  glad i did n't let you down . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm not a christian , if that 's what you 're implying . 
  but the mayor of london said that the threat of terror attacks is `` part and parcel of living in a big city '' , or that moderate muslims are `` uncle toms '' . 
   just a few hundred years ago europe was just as brutally christian , then we had the enlightenment . 
  exactly !, 
  some of the darkest years of european history were a result of christianity , before it was reformed . 
  it can be argued that christianity delayed humanity 's advancement by a few centuries . 
  and then enlightment happened . 
  now , why would we want to go through that again , this time under a different name ? 
   what will you care ? 
  you 'll be dead . 
  is n't it nice to leave a good world for the future generations ? 
  should we only care about ourselves ? 
  and some redditors with messages that are n't 100 % relevant !, 
  it 's not only about the mayors . 
  that was only an example . 
  it 's also the population . 
  the population of european natives is shrinking , while that of muslims is rising . 
  irrelevant . 
  yes !, 
  or the fact that the mayors of london and rotterdam are muslims . 
  sure . 
  that will happen . 
  by that time it will be hard to tell the difference between some european countries and some middle eastern/north african countries . 
  in some cases , it 's already a little difficult . 
  is n't this already the case ? 
  you think such a thing as `` free money '' exists ? 
  not kick , leave . 
  i expected this comment . 
   well , i could n't bother painting more countries . 
  i was only making a point . 
  [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xdnjjwa.png ) , if it exists .
