make great movies that do n't get ** nearly ** enough attention . 
  in particular : * animal kingdom * wake in fright * picnic at hanging rock also , aussies seem to come in two type 1 ) really , really sound or 2 ) absolutely intolerable assholes . 
  no in-between . 
  definitely seems more entertaining than the recent performances at old trafford . 
  in what ways is she economically far left ? 
  well in the dream i seemed to take it very serious \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  there used to be worker exchanges back in the old communist days . 
  some stayed and some came back . 
  in fact lots of czechs came to vietnam too and helped to introduce brewing as an industry to vietnam . 
  that explains why beer is much popular in vietnam than most asian countries and vietnam has its own very distinct beer culture . 
  i had a nightmare that le pen won the first round last night . 
  i 'm not french . 
  i have little interest in france . 
  i think i 'm spending too much time on r/europe, 
  when trying to get from bosnia to slovenia there 's no other option !, 
  it 's happening again ? 
  it 's happening again !!, 
  all i can say is not trying harder while doing irish in school is one of my biggest regrets of my life . 
  keep at it a chara !, 
  belgrade is a cool city , a lot more fun than zagreb anyway . 
  none of them . 
  i feel vanguardism , the main contribution of lenin , has been pretty much proven to be detrimental to the cause . 
  trotsky was himself a leninist and so i 'd put his theories into a similar bracket . 
  i think i made it clear above how much i disdain stalin . 
  generally i think labels like those , so connected to `` great men '' , are not useful . 
  it puts them on a pedestal and prevents educated criticism , even marx warrants criticism in my opinion , no one is infallible . 
  okay you convinced me, 
  fuck churchill and fuck stalin . 
  if you attempt something the same way every time , you 're going to get the same results correct . 
  the thing is the only method ever tried has been marxism-leninism , which is what a lot of people call `` communism '' . 
  so while it may appear us communsits , anarchists , socialists etc are falling back on a fail safe `` no true communism '' all we are saying is one thing - marxism-leninism does not equal communism . 
  anyway i completely understand your distrust and hatred of `` communism '' i would never begrudge an eastern european from holding those views . 
  not going to get into because i do n't have the time and reddit is n't really the best place to discuss this but nobody with any knowledge of marx or the basics of socialism would consider any of the 20th century authoritarian regimes as `` communist '' , more like a bunch of human shits using the language of socialism to further their own interests . 
  authoritarianism is one possible outcome of the inevitable failure of capitalism but it is not the only one . 
  it is the one that occurs when the left fails to communicate the revolutionary and beneficial power of the collective , of socialism . 
  you 're right about the origins and causes of the growth of authoritarian but that does n't stop my anger at tankies co-opting the frustration felt towards capitalism to benefit their weird cult and away from any truly socialist movement . 
  i 'm jus pointing out that it 's the same story for `` leftists '' some of whom are so disillusioned with the weak , ineffectual and seemingly irrelevant left wing movement , they also pine for a `` strong '' leader . 
  got ta get them tourists from somewhere, 
  there are a couple subreddits dedicated to using excuses , lies , double-think , dodgy research and whataboutism to justify his actions and make him out to be some kind of hero . 
  as a communist , i fucking hate them . 
  they 're one of the biggest obstacles to socialism ever recovering as a political movement . 
  hay\u0131r can still win . 
  i still believe . 
  i may be an optimistic fool , but i still believe . 
  such a beautiful country . 
  only a matter of time before the tourist boom takes off . 
  this is such a common trajectory for anyone who moves to turkey . 
  i have so many friends who came to the same conclusion . 
  probably because , as a country , it presents you with two stark possibilities of what a society can be - a ) where religion is kept in check , equality and freedom is promoted or b ) where islam become the bench mark of virtue and any dissenting way of life is curtailed and slowly suppressed . 
  then you come back and people stare at you blankly if you mention this shit . 
  they 'll try to blame erdogan or say that the government are n't represent of normal muslims . 
  but they so , so are , this is what muslims ( again i say the one who identify first and foremost as muslim , not the people who just happen to be muslims , cause those guys exist too ) want . 
  lol what about what i said was right wing ? 
  mate i 'm so far left it would curl your toes . 
  as in trying to get rid of religion like they did in bulgaria . 
  totally does n't work . 
  i was being sarcastic, 
  it 's hard to ban radical islam because no radical muslim calls themselves ` radical ' . 
  the key is education like everything else . 
  but the problem is , in many countries , that radical muslim take advantage of the laws set up to protect conservative christians - like faith schools for example . 
  how do you curb one without pissing off the other . 
  personally i want rid of both but neither seems to be on the wane , unfortunately . 
  white liberals will still ignore what you say because they think they know better . 
  i know , i used to be one . 
  before i moved to a ( technically secular ) muslim country i used to believe all the blanket statements about islam that liberals love to peddle : religion of peace etc. 
  the truth is more complicated . 
  not all muslim are intolerant , bigoted or backward but the vast majority who put it to the forefront of their identity are . 
  banning religions totally works . 
  case in point : bulgaria . 
  come one lads . 
  there 's better ways to beat ignorant ideologies . 
  preferring catchyness over accuracy . 
  sounds about right . 
  hombre is spanish , this happened in france . 
  keep up . 
  waste of tax payers money . 
  so they say anyway . 
  mostly because gaelic speakers in scotland are a truly tiny minority . 
  i left the eu for 5 years and now i have to pay full fees . 
  happy days . 
  but i get it , i was n't paying tax and so i do n't get the benefits . 
  mardin is the business . 
  and hasankeyf . 
  diyarbakir gets a bad rep but i loved it . 
  i 've been there . 
  it 's ... not great . 
  loads of cool places around it though . 
  number seven is called turks in space . 
  i need to see that !, 
  of course it does n't . 
  this lady is merely expressing her love of the ~ ~ union of socialist so ~ ~ ... european union , my fellow capitalist ~ ~ swine ~ ~ friend . 
  nah clearly just a very giving population - `` thanks mister policeman for everything , here 's a little trinket to express gratitude '', 
  there are tons of irish people who would agree with you , especially secondary school students , not me though . 
  all well and good but the vast majority of kemalists prefer to sit around the bars and cafes of beyoglu and kadikoy moaning about the states of things and dreaming of emigration rather than actually doing anything . 
  and do n't get me started on the chp , they 're so limp and useless that they 're the real embarrassment to ataturk 's vision . 
  at the moment we 're just far too dependant on the uk as a trading partner , trade with the rest of the eu just pales in comparison . 
  first we 'll have to see what deal is made with u.k. after they leave , then , if that 's not viable , we 'll have to weigh up the benefits of trying to expand trade with the eu or just tying ourselves to the brits . 
  this would only allow them to vote in the presidential election from what i can tell , which is only really a ceremonial position and has no law-making function . 
  we 're one of the most pro-eu countries around so need to be worrying about \u00c9irexit just yet . 
  unless the economy completely tanks after the uk leaves , of course .
