  she 's the real genius imo . 
  also i definitely * do n't * recommend the boxer and the goalkeeper , a book about sartre and camus . 
  so bad a i put it down after the 3 chapter , do n't know how crap like that gets published . 
  great movie, 
  man the seventies really were the glory days of terrorism . 
  about 55 % of turks are conservative muslims . 
  for decades they lived in an extremely secular country that did not reflect that fact . 
  erdogan is seen as the one who ended that . 
  he also takes credit for the economic boom of recent times . 
  i noticed the name was turkish , though obviously not all turks believe this bullshit . 
  references to vague spectral enemies to the national will such as `` saboteurs '' and portraits of leaders in this style are certainly fascistic . 
  the mail is n't pure fascist but there a definitely fascistic aspects . 
  what a dire piece of propaganda . 
  turkeys economy is not doing well , the lira is falling like crazy and inflation is rapid . 
  the basis for the economic boom in the early 2000 was based on the previous administration . 
  rte has effectively destroyed what little democracy there was in turkey ( i 'm not saying it was ever fully functional ) , to the point that criticism can not be made in public . 
  the secular press is shut down . 
  he smashed the peace process with the kurds that * was * working in order to restart the fighting and profit from it by capturing the nationalist and racist vote . 
  europe has n't rejected turkey , turkey rejected europe but tayyip the master politician plays he narrative perfectly blaming everyone and anyone when needs be - europe , russia , america , israel , the gulenists , the kurds , iran , isis , whoever fits the bill that current crisis . 
  this article is utter utter shite . 
  because he just shrugged off the fairly serious allegations being made against the mail . 
  `` oh it 's a bit fascist some times ? 
  ah well got ta sell papers ! '', 
  is not a sentiment most can stomach . 
  jesus , that was savage !, 
  just a brit in r/europe claiming victimisation . 
  nothing to see here . 
  happy national gaf party day !, 
  i bought my cans yesterday, 
  nobody could have anticipated ataturk, 
  i talked to my mate . 
  it turns out i did have tsipouro , quite a lot actually , i just ... do n't remember \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  i think some people thought i meant you !, 
  i lived in turkey for years , i 've got mates in the tourist industry , they hate erdogan . 
  i hate that they 're being punished for his bullshit . 
  i do n't begrudge people choosing greece over turkey due to safety or whatever . 
  it 's just a shame . 
  i hate what 's happening in turkey . 
  but it 's my second home really , if they want me out they 're going to have to personally stop me . 
  shit now i 'm annoyed at my greek mate for not filling me in on this when i visited him . 
  seems i missed out . 
  really ? 
  what is ? 
  it 's definitely by far the spirit most associated with greece from a foreigners perspective . 
  me too . 
  in fact i said the same on he recent r/askeurope thread, 
  i 'm comparing the national spirit , i never said they were the same, 
  what are you taking about ? 
  what do you think i 'm suggesting ? 
  it 's just a fact . 
  the brits and french originally fancied a full occupation of the ottoman empire but their public was war weary by the end of fighting on the western front and so encouraged the greeks to carry the fight against the turks . 
  the allies pretty much sat in constantinople while wwi gradually morphed into the greco-turk war/turkish war of independy , depending on what you call it . 
  we often fail to see the beauty beneath our feet . 
  except for dublin it actually is a shithole, 
  while i 'm a big fan of bacon , i would n't claim him as irish . 
  yeah that 's pretty accurate , but i 'd still take it over a city like ljubljana any day , which is obviously more traditionally beautiful but severely lacking in atmosphere . 
  yeah but you guys really took the initiative post-1918, 
  i have never seen that written in a legit history book . 
  the kurds rarely took much convincing to attack christian invaders or otherwise, 
  looks like some choice trolling . 
  okay i 'm weird i like ugliness , especially when mixed with some old/ancient splendour . 
  belgrade , bucharest =, 
  greece invaded turkey at the end of wwi . 
  or tried to recover their lost lands , depending on which national slant you give it . 
  i probably prefer turkey a bit more . 
  istanbul has a bit more to see and do than athens , though obviously athens is great and they are actually really similar . 
  as for countryside they are very similar but turkey has more hidden gems that are still really cheap , absolutely stunning and rather tourist free . 
  also raki  ouzo edit : downvoted for expressing an opinion ? 
  nah i 'm going to turkey . 
  i do n't give a fuck what this prick says . 
  edit : prick = erdogan btw, 
  dublin is going through a massive housing crisis at the moment , brexit is going to hit us very hard as the vast majority of exports go to britain not to mention the whole border issue , public opinion of our political parties is extremely low and now you have macron talking about coming after our corporate tax rate - which remains the basis of our whole economy . 
  i wished i shared your optimism . 
  they 're a mixed bag heritage wise but pretty much yeah . 
  that 's the first good reason i 've heard to go to ankara !, 
  where the hell are you getting 6 lira beers ? 
  not in istanbul anyway , practically costs that in a tekel . 
  if the museum of yugoslav history in belgrade is anything to go by , you guys seemed to have been better off than we were in the 60s and 70s . 
  not so much after that . 
  but then again yugoslavia always different . 
  a classless and stateless society based on common ownership of the means of production and free access to the articles of production , free from all forms of exploitation . 
  that 's the aim anyway . 
  there 's a whole lot of pseudo-religious stuff in the countryside that people in dublin or the big cities would have no idea existed . 
  potions , prayers , little statues of saints , all kinds of pre-christian stuff . 
  i 've seen perfectly rational people rustle up some of the maddest shit when all else has failed . 
  it 's just meditation really . 
  i 've no idea why they have to use a different name . 
  [ americans have always talked up isolationism much more than they have practised it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish%e2%80%93american_war?wprov=sfsi1 ), 
  hahaha . 
  well that 's an easy question . 
  funny that , not like america to go getting involved in a conflict that does n't concern them . 
   but it is an intrinsic part of stalinism . 
   nazism is very specific , and the nazis did those things . 
  if you check some of my other comments , that 's exactly what i say . 
  and i 've studied politics , sociology and history . 
  i stand by what i said . 
  national socialism is extremely specific ideology , connected to one party and one time period . 
  there is hitler 's nazism and no other . 
  there are many , many types of socialism and theories around it dating back two hundred years . 
  look , i see your flair , i understand where you 're coming from but you 're hatred of the ussr ( understandable ) is pushing you towards making ahistorical and inaccurate use of the words socialism and communism .
