  i 'd argue that there 's plenty of crude force and class destruction under capitalism too , it 's just directed at groups out of sight . 
  all that being said i am vehemently opposed to the leninist school of socialism , that is synonymous communism in most parts and probably what most people in this thread mean when they talk about communism . 
  worth pointing out that at no point in the ussr 's history was there an attempt to `` share '' the resources equally . 
  if human nature got in the way of soviet `` project '' it was a propensity towards paranoia rather than any type of natural `` selfishness '' . 
  mass murder is not an intrinsic part of communism . 
  it is an intrinsic part of nazism . 
  famines , terror , genocides , ethnic cleansing , totalitarianism , imperialism , repression and intimidation have all occurred and continue to do so under capitalism as the did in the ussr and china . 
  and yet neither puts them to the fore of their ideology , they happened for a multitude of reasons . 
  in nazism , however , these things are the aim . 
  since when is tunisia a part of europe ?!? 
  well i reckon romania and chad must have awfully different cultures !, 
  i 've had scottish , english , costa rican , american , turkish and kurdish . 
  they all ended badly !, 
  they say we have . 
  but somehow it does n't feel like it . 
  both those countries are in nato . 
  and the incursions are usually so limited they can be passed off as accidents . 
  the fact that the cyprus situation has not lead to war between the two countries so far would lead me to believe that future conflict is extremely unlikely . 
  any nice stories that existed probably got washed away by the years of soviet occupation or invasion or negative influence . 
  which is a shame because i 'm sure they did exist . 
  every red army soldier could n't have been a monster . 
  lake bled was gorgeous and i definitely do n't think it 's overrated . 
  but i did have a better time drinking cans and smoking weed with some sound slovenian lads at the next lake over . 
  that was * really * beautiful . 
  i walked past it walking from the train station to my hotel . 
  looked at it . 
  thought , `` huh there 's a statue '' . 
  still enjoyed brussels though , nice atmosphere . 
  yep a white hart on a green field with a spear in the background . 
  the brazilian community in dublin went mad for it and still are actually . 
  personally i think it was a bit less popular in ireland than it appeared to be in the states , but then i 'd say he same about computer games in general . 
  as far as news go it is quite reliable and pretty objective . 
  though it is clearly liberal leaning . 
  the opinions pieces , however , are * extremely * liberal and often quite `` clickbaity '' . 
  which tends to piss off conservatives who then discount the whole paper . 
  the sport coverage is , in my opinion , top notch and the main reason i go there tbh . 
  all true but you ca n't ignore his rashness in the build up to the franco - prussian war , overall i think that pushes him towards the negative side of judgement . 
  it 's definitely poland . 
  but actually the catholic thing is one of the biggest difference because we have a much more cynical view of the church than they do . 
  what 's `` sadly '' about it ? 
  he was n't an evil guy but he was incompetent and reckless . 
  how are the tzars viewed in the baltic states ? 
  still the vast majority of people did not fight , for the reason i mentioned above . 
  at least those who did had a choice unlike the other people mentioned in this thread . 
  nope . 
  ireland stayed neutral in wwii . 
  kitchen sink realism is the other side of the coin of period prices like you mention and my personal favourite type of british film . 
  realistic , grim , northern , contemporary , working class , anti-heroes , mental illness , alcoholism etc. 
  associated with the 60s and 50s but mike leigh , ken loach and shane meadows too , love it . 
  italian is my favourite `` foreign language '' film culture !, 
  italian realism , fellini , sorrentino , giallo movies . 
  all of it . 
  beats french , danish or japanese film all day in my book . 
  hmmm ca n't say i agree . 
  i found them over-priced , the staff were rude and the food served was very poor . 
  i was really disappointed . 
  go to spain . 
  not like it 's a tradition or anything , we 're just going on holiday on sunday . 
  25s is the national card game . 
  i did n't know there was such a thing as a `` national card game '' until i learnt it . 
  media people seem to think it 's more of a big deal than it actually is . 
  probably because it 's populated largely by media people . 
  that being said , i 'm on it and i find it useful . 
  what 's the problem with that definition of terrorism ? 
  it 's pretty universally accepted . 
  what would you suggest are exceptions to it ? 
  you are right about the comparison to christian fundamentalists though , is and the like have far more in common with the westboro baptist church or fundamentalist mormons than they do with plo or hamas even . 
  they violent death throws throes of religious society . 
  and i think your desire to let things be , to not interfere comes from a nice place but it just is n't possible . 
  this ball started rolling a long time ago . 
  english . 
  i can speak basic turkish and hold a conversation for a short while , especially if i 've had a few drinks , and i can get the gist of a lot of what i hear but i can not write at all . 
  my irish is dire . 
  yeah like swedish and danish . 
  yeah but they * have * fought back in the past , just that it came in the form of old fashioned national liberation movements . 
  personally i see the rise of islamic terrorism , in the form we know it , as a reaction against the apparent impending victory of `` western culture '' as the global norm through globalisation - of which american ( and european ) interventionism is one aspect , but so is mcdonalds , open homosexuality , rap music , mini skirts and heineken . 
  the fact is the west is winning - for every new isis member there 's two new beyonc\u00e9 fans , two new real madrid fans , they 're just less obvious but the conservative muslims of the me can see it and they 're mad as hell about it . 
  couple this with the economic collapse in western europe leaving a lot of young people - especially immigrant males - without the bright future they were promised/are promised and you end up with army of disaffected foot soldiers with nothing to lose backed by big oil money hate-peddlers . 
  oh and the other thing is that modern security methods , while significantly reducing the ease of committing large scale terrorism have given rise to the very specific `` style '' of terrorism we see today . 
  never heard of that , cool , looks right up my alley, 
  you can always suggest some yourself, 
  i 've worked in turkey , by the sounds of thing you 've got it easy !, 
  i have turkish mates who were simply worked to exhaustion . 
  ... how have i only just heard about this ? 
  we 're much more of a literature nation than a painting one . 
  that being said my favourite is [ hellelil and hildebrand the meeting on the turret stairs ] ( http://www.nationalgallery.ie/en/collection/irelands_favourite_painting/burton.aspx ) though nobody outside of ireland has ever seen or heard about it . 
  the internet led me to believe that all czech women are pornstars in their free time . 
  albania is pretty cheap and really beautiful . 
  a lot of the far left is anti-eu too unfortunately . 
  it 's hangover from the cold war days in some ways but mostly a rejection of the neoliberal nature of the eu . 
  personally , although i dislike the current form of the eu i ca n't support driving wedges between different peoples . 
  i recently said something similar on r/ireland . 
  it 's true of every subreddit survey i 've seen , from r/reddevils to r/socialism . 
  not the other neighbours though eh ? 
   actually i think i saw turks cheer harder for germany than they did for their own country in the last euros !, 
  i cheer for northern ireland yes . 
  scotland sometimes . 
  great britain or england ? 
  never . 
  you leave those ducks and salmon alone !,
