  about a million irish born , three million passport holders in total . 
  both of those terms have european origins . 
  well since the rest of you lot upped your eurovision game this about the only competition we can win, 
  in ireland , i mean, 
  never eaten a pie at a match in my life , nor have i ever seen anybody eating one, 
  ah istanbul cats are lovely , i lived there for years . 
  i was just taking the piss . 
  why is she even meeting with him is my question . 
  religious knobheads are always trying to get people to wear stupid shit , unless they have direct political influence i see no reason why a presidential candidate should be have meetings with them, 
  he 's not a national official though , he holds no political position . 
  aww look a those good old christian cats , not like those damn mangey muslim cats in istanbul !, 
   not much migrants ha !, 
  have you ever been to portugal or spain ? 
  huge numbers of immigrants . 
  in fairness we usually are high up on most of the `` good '' lists . 
  irish culture withstood centuries of attack from one of the most powerful countries on earth ... you think we 're afraid of a few immigrants ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  this thread has been gas . 
  thanks op . 
  no we 're not . 
  plenty of brits are dead sound until it gets on to the possibility that they may be / have been wrong . 
  i 'd say it 's the commuter belt that is `` no accent '' country . 
  that 's where i 'm from and i regularly get told i have very little accent when abroad . 
  yup they were mostly duped into believing it would help the process towards home rule or forced into it through economic nessecity . 
  totally necessary !, 
  fair few croatians too . 
  sound lads . 
  the teachers are shite , the curriculum is shite . 
  i teach english as a foreign language , irish language teaching methods are fucking stone age in comparison . 
  it 's not mandatory to study a foreign language , but most people do yeah, 
  what ? 
  ` learning ', 
  that mosque is less than 10 years old , it 's part of the problem !, 
  the eu was deified when i was in school ( pre-2008 ) the eu got almost all the credit for the celtic tiger !, 
  no way that would ever pass a referendum . 
  once the more pro-neutral parties begin to highlight the possible repercussions of such a move that figure would drop well below 50 . 
  i 'm mostly aware of the continual antics of the bastia fans . 
  no excuses for that . 
  maybe it would be good to read something outside of your own biases , it helps a person from trapping themselves inside an echochamber . 
  protesting is a normal part of a democratic society . 
  there 's nothing wrong with collectively showing you opinion . 
  also have a big issue with racism . 
  i never thought about that , fair enough . 
  what is it with the far-right and the computer games ? 
  why does every right winger on the internet seem to be a gamer ? 
  i swear i 've seen stats that show portugal and spain having relatively positive opinions of immigrants and refugees . 
  wow , perfectly sums up the `` same old , same old capitalism masquerading as anti-globalism '' of trump and lepen . 
  excellent article . 
  terrible headline . 
  oh man i can totally people falling for that . 
  a clear majority of those in the republic want unification . 
  for the north it 's difficult to say , about 40-45 percent come from a `` nationalist '' background , but a large number of them were not dying for unification anytime soon . 
  some saw the advantages of staying in the u.k. , some were wary because of the deep recession in the republic post-2008 and others , especially the younger generation , had begun too see themselves as `` northern irish '' as opposed to irish , which is a relatively new concept . 
  that , however , was before the brexit vote . 
  many of a nationalist background may now see life in a unified ireland in the eu as preferable to in the u.k. outside of it . 
  even some of unionists may have crossed over ( though personally i think the number is probably tiny ) . 
  the thing is we just do n't know exactly , i 'm a pessimist so i 'd stab at about 35 % voting for unification up north * if * there ever was a referendum , but i 'm pulling that number out of my arse . 
  which people ? 
  i never said it was n't . 
  the only person claiming some kind of exceptionalism was the comment i replied to . 
  why they felt the need to single out `` continental europe '' when the statistics , as you rightly point out , show that many countries have similar rates as the u.k. , i do not know . 
  still plenty of racism though . 
  i agree . 
  it 's just funny how the original comment described continental europe as `` quite racist '' as that 's pretty much how i 'd describe a lot of there u.k. - not very racist , just quite racist . 
  you saying the uk is n't ? 
  west brit , 
  yeah but it * is * ours , 
  i feel like i have to repeat this every day on reddit . 
  marxism is not an economic system , it is a method of criticising the world ( that can be applied to the economy , but also history , philosophy and society ) . 
  marxists usually advocate socialism - social ownership of economic resources - but how to implement this , or what it would look like is up for debate . 
  huh ? 
  just a wolf in wolf clothes really . 
  / r/fellowkids, 
  he seems more anti-russia than anything else . 
  the most tourists ? 
  maybe in kusadasi !, 
  i thought most turks thought of us as [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/o24lihdvw-i ), 
  think that 's the worst spelling mistake i 've ever seen !, 
  i 'm saying that europe is full of politicians who * say * their policies will help these people but the do n't . 
  the rich get richer and the rest of put up with it . 
  and what small shopkeeper are you talking about , they 're a dying breed they 'll be gone in a decade . 
  that 's just the same bland , vague platitudes made by centrists and neo-liberals when they assure the middle and working class and everything is going to be fine but it never happens . 
  just more and more deregulation and benefits for the rich while everything else stagnates and we 're told to shut up because `` we 've never had it better '' and `` the alternatives do n't work '' . 
  everybody thinks they 're saving the eu by voting for macron or fillon but they 're not ; they 're just delaying the death sentence . 
   no , i think it 's quite clear that `` in this case '' it 's describing the more permanent concept of the island i really do n't think the original comment was describing that at all , but whatever if that 's your interpretation that 's fine . 
  no british , in this case , is a word that describes a national identity . 
  it 's pointless to ascribe it to people who knew nothing of nations . 
  because macron and fillon appear to be offering more of the same . 
  and lepen is a distasteful racist . 
  a large portion of the people of western europe are deeply unhappy about the status quo . 
  please enlighten me as to what does work ? 
  she understands and believes what she 's saying . 
  she 's much more dangerous . 
  yep . 
  fuck , he was n't even one person !, 
  not that simple, 
  i think you 're right unfortunately . 
  it 's an estimate of mine from various elections etc and my own time living in turkey . 
  would you disagree ? 
  beauvoir is finally getting the recognition she deserves .
