  * hey ivan why u shoot nice people with imaginary gun ? 
  * cus i am evil russkie !, 
  glory to putler !, 
  like dis if u cry evertim . 
  i see guys with guns . 
  now what ? 
  oh , they have totaly unique armband . 
  now that makes sense . 
  o wait , i found out other russian shooter [ look at this !, 
  ] ( http://scm-l3.technorati.com/10/04/30/12345/rambo.jpg ) i mean look at him !, 
  he must be their leader !, 
  damn commies . 
  nah , burning people alive and then finishing off survivors with baseball bats is totaly okay thing to do . 
  they were evil russians !, 
  [ i mean they are stupid and practicaly burned themself !, 
  nice ukrainian people will never do such thing . 
  i do . 
  right sector is not really close to the top now . 
  but it was . 
  and that shows true intentions of the junta . 
   the usual cop-out will you pay me for teaching basic history to you ? 
  if not - not my problem . 
   are you joking ? 
  or you can explain what you think is wrong with my statement . 
   no then , if they are suported by people of donetsk i means ... wait ... wait ... it means that people suport them ? 
  omg . 
   so far , you have declined to provide a coherent answer to that . 
  so far , you have declined to provide answer to 90 % of my questions . 
  thats kinda sad . 
  you just grasp to your last straw of huuuuur not legitimate while ignoring everything else and failing basic history . 
   your claim , you explain it . 
  either you do or retract it . 
  seriously . 
  or are we back to you being uneducated ? 
  you can read it on wiki if you have so much trouble with it . 
   current government of ukraine consists of elected mps . 
  and ? 
  you can say it 20543 more times . 
  what will change ? 
  no one elected them to directly rule the country . 
  no one elected them to stage a coup . 
  what is your point again ? 
   your claim so far is that `` the people of donetsk '' ( whoever that might be ) elected them . 
  then you claim that no one in donetsk suports them ? 
   yet you fail to provide yet you fail to answer 80 % of questions . 
   ukraine got its independence through negotiation and treaties but what was before that ? 
  before the treaties ? 
  cmon , you can do this , i believe in you !, 
   are you retracting that claim now ? 
  no i am not . 
  people on euro-maidan put junta in goverment . 
  people of donetsk put their own goverment . 
  what is so hard for you to understand ? 
   the ussr was russia and added colonies . 
   so was it or was it not elected ? 
  elected as in `` moved to goverment office ''  brave little soviet . 
  so brave and edgy . 
   you claimed that donetsk was legitimized let 's say i did . 
  then what ? 
  what russia got to do with anything ? 
   again , when did the people of donetsk elect the `` government '' ? 
  the same time junta was elected . 
  i also love how you just drop half of the questions without any attention to them . 
  so yeah , ignore answers . 
  post stupid stuff . 
  thats how dialogue works , lol . 
   already did : no you did not . 
  noone elected them to take over goverment in armed rebelion . 
   when were the elections held ? 
  who were the candidates ? 
  what was the result of those elections ? 
  can you answer same questions about euro-maidan ? 
   a treaty between donetsk and russia then ? 
  what ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  or just uneducated/stupid ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
   all members of the current ukrainian government were elected mps and ? 
   turned tails and ran to daddy putin . 
  they did that for no reason . 
  just ran . 
  because reasons . 
   who elected the `` government '' in donetsk ? 
  people of donetsk ? 
  or is this not enough ? 
   what legitimizes the `` referendum '' in donetsk ? 
  same thing that legitizes ukraine 's independance from ussr . 
   why do you not want to answer this question ? 
  why do you not read answers ? 
  so you just repeat the same thing again ? 
  maybe you should read before you answer ? 
  ok , il go easy on you : * goverment taken over by junta * anti-russian ultra-nationalistic party played big part in take over . 
  * ofcource it 's just russian propaganda and `` right sector '' is not real and never was part of it . 
  * * lots of ethnically russian in east . 
  * no one asked them , if they want president ( president that they voted for ) removed and replaced by said nationalists . 
  * you want precedence ? 
  fall of ussr . 
  literally same thing . 
  * but evil communists are bad , so everything is okay with that one , right ? 
  *  would that change your opinion about donetsk ?
