  * buttmad in 3 ... 2 ... 1 . 
  but , i can not deny the good thing it did . 
  imagine your average - stan country . 
  there is sand , more sand , some horses and some small towns . 
  now the evil ussr comes and starts to rapidly build stuff . 
  all kinds of stuff . 
  but there is price - russian language/culture is pushed on you . 
  most of - stans were willing to make that trade . 
  but more advanced countries ( poland , baltic-states ) were against this , that 's why they yell * muh occupations * the most . 
  and there is a fall of ussr . 
  suddenly everything collapsed , there is chaos and government can not fix it . 
  european countries were bailed by their neighbors pouring shit-ton of money there , to show how good it is to not be soviet . 
  but everyone forgot about - stans . 
  they are not important for eu or us . 
  actually the only helpful country for them to this day is still russia . 
  that 's why you can see some sort of loyalty from them . 
  and one more thing . 
  while ussr did push russian language and culture , there was never a problem of race/ethnicity . 
  so everyone were equal , as long as they speak russian that is . 
  that kinda helped to make `` all people are brothers '' connection . 
   `` fascist junta '' . 
  i do n't watch tv , but on news sites this is never mentioned after elections . 
  you forgot the joos !, 
  nazi-joos are behind everything !, 
   france will still sell russia the ships , do tell , what else should france do . 
  cancel the deal ? 
  like , srsly ? 
  it is shit . 
  really , really shit . 
  it is literally impossible to get a seat in public transport . 
  well , unless you fight for it or something . 
  and now we get them giant chairs - that will solve the problem !, 
  at least someone in government will steal lots of cash from this . 
  * fukken $ 1 million trams ... jeeez *, 
  daaaaw , so cute < 3 khokhols be khokholing lel, 
  literally putler . 
   `` peace index '' based on anyway ? 
  countries we do not like - bad and not peaceful . 
  it 's ok , if you do n't want to talk about it . 
  i still < 3 u, 
  afraid of big scawwy ivan ? 
  did he touch you when you were a kid ? 
  u mad ? 
  i refuse to buy a car . 
  but i did beat some drunk few days ago - he kicked my bicycle . 
  meh , i probably pass-out before i get to violent drunk state . 
  got really hight alcohol tollerance . 
  you sound really mad . 
  got no one to cry to , * bro * ? 
   the attack was n't directed in civilians . 
  army jets bombed the civilian building . 
  noone wil do that , unless : a ) they actually want civilians to die . 
  b ) do not care about civilian cassualties . 
  c ) death to all russians !, 
   separatist were bombing ukrainian outposts as well harming locals . 
  got a proof of that ? 
  and where did separatists got army jets ? 
  you 're an idiot too . 
  such a constructive dialogue we have here < 3 stay classy , / r/europe, 
  yeah , bombing civilians is much better . 
  no wait , they were russian , so it 's a-ok !, 
  also no bonus points for using ussr card right away . 
  ** muh occupations **, 
  this : putler literally putler !, 
  russia is terrible !, 
  ukrainian army bombing civilian buildings : awesome !, 
  kill all russians !, 
  i know , it was more of a experiment . 
  a week ago ( or close to it ) there was a simmilar post here , but without gore , just some dead people . 
  comments there were basicaly `` hell yeah !, 
  serves them right , damn russia suporters ! '' . 
  when someone suggested , that civilian casualties are horrible in any case - he got downvoted . 
  now i ca n't take this sub seriously . 
  no i wo n't find them , unless i change my flair to something else . 
  since russia is literally ussr and putler . 
  english is my 3rd language ( self-taught ) and main reason i even comment on reddit - practice . 
  * or maybe i 'm just a paid troll from putler troll-army , who knows !? 
  well it always comes down to this in / r/europe, 
  soviet occupation of romania ( or any other country ) . 
  and nothing is too late for ( non important ) europeans . 
  so we are kinda even . 
   after volgograd events i agree . 
  that was horrible decision . 
  they should have covered in fear and canceled everything , that will show terrorists that they are not afraid !, 
  yea !, 
  stil no answer about your own country ? 
  your country is not that bad , well i hope it 's not . 
  well i am russian and 60 years ago soviet union ocuppied romania . 
  that literally means it is my fault . 
  this sub taught me that . 
   romania sorry , am i opressing you ? 
   and then you cite lenin ?!, 
  i do ? 
  what ? 
  no , seriously , did lenin say something like that ? 
  cool . 
   what actually you would like to tell us ? 
  that most people in this sub are hypocrites . 
  simple as that . 
  i find it funny .
