  if they are good , what is wrong with this pact ? 
   what about mass rapes ? 
  what else is there ? 
  maybe mass killing of jews too ? 
  less than x does not equal to zero in this case . 
   but they sure were better to my granparents , and to my boyfriends grandparent oh well , that totally makes it all better . 
  why did damn commies fight such good guys ? 
  clearly russians are just insane and evil . 
  maybe you should start a meme or something . 
  * `` good guy nazi '' - invades lithuania@you can still join waffen-ss . 
  what ? 
  whats wrong ? 
  are work camps for certain people - bad thing ? 
  or joining waffen-ss ? 
  oh and im not talking about evil russkies work camps , only good nazi ones . 
   ladies and gentlemen and now argumentum ad populum . 
  how nice , lel . 
  it is destiny of russia . 
  russians were born as evil communists . 
  oh i understand , truth hurts . 
  continue to vent your frustration with how not important your country is . 
  and ofcource it is russia 's fault :3, 
  they should set up work camps for them . 
  just like awesome guys did back in 38 . 
  i bet lithuania can even help with that . 
   in my mind cool story . 
  nope . 
  and they were not fighting for it . 
  they want independence from junta that occupies ua goverment . 
  russia is always of communism . 
  even tsar was a comrade . 
  oh , soviets are nazis now . 
  my mind is full of wat . 
  why it 's not the same ? 
   fighting on their soil and for their freedom . 
  check . 
  as i said . 
  that was a rhetorical question . 
  there are regions in russia , that are completelly negative from budget standpoint . 
  they do not generate income , just get dotations . 
  yet they do not collapse . 
  guess why ? 
   why would i apologize for nazis fighting nazis ? 
  why would waffen-ss fight nazis ? 
  forest brothers are good , but people who do the same thing in donetsk right now are bad , right ? 
  :3  and also the maidan activists that were trained in lithuania ? 
  here they are . 
  sorry , i do n't get it . 
  mhm . 
  what happens to that rising economy if important countries leave eu ? 
  thats a rhetorical question . 
  sure , sure , ad hominem is so brave and edgy . 
   lithuanian admits and acknowledges these events . 
  but where is my apology ? 
  or an apology for entire divisions of waffen-ss , that were made in baltic states ? 
  it was not occupation if goverment agreed to that . 
  history will always repeat itself . 
  and there was like 70 years without big war , that 's a really long time . 
  tho i doubt there will be one this time . 
   we did n't well duuuuh . 
  you kinda lost . 
  but still . 
  it was an act of agression started by you , yet there is no apology . 
  so is that the case of `` it 's cool , unless russia does it '' ? 
  polish -- lithuanian commonwealth ? 
  rings a bell ? 
  and to quote you `` and so many years later there 's not even a fucking apology for the atrocities that you 've done '', 
   not just `` pizdanutiyi pribalti '' mhm . 
  yeah , sorry i tend to use that term for all non important countries betwen russia and germany . 
  my bad . 
  that was intentional sarcasm :3, 
  oh , that is a nice `` argument '' , actually . 
  `` i have many friends x , so thats ok . '' like in `` i have many black friends , so that was not racist '' etc. 
  do n't remember how that type of `` argument '' is called , but i 'm pretty sure it is not a valid one . 
  and them blaming us ( when you say america , i presume you mean usa ) does not change anything . 
   do n't you watch russian tv ? 
  why would i ? 
  i am not retarded . 
  i do not watch any country tv , it is bad for iq lel, 
  where did i blame anyone for anything ? 
  can you quote me on that ? 
  i do get it and the reason is hillarious , but kinda sad at the same time . 
  i dunno , how would i feel if poland invaded my country just after revolution and ww1 ? 
  but let us ignore this , right ? 
  oh yeah , typical nazzi apologist . 
  damn commies , why did n't they welcome nazzi overlords like great people of lithuania !? 
   at first the germans were welcomed as `` liberators '' from the repressive soviet regime which occupied lithuania prior to the german arrival . 
  comrade ivan , you should stop . 
  you probably forgot , but russians never did anything good . 
  ever . 
  in fact russians are literally ~ ~ hitler ~ ~ putler . 
  now check your privelege !, 
   russian raider buddies in sloviansk have been acting like genghis khan 's mongol horde so now russia is genghis khan ? 
  what happened to putler ? 
  whats next , calligula ? 
  also nice proof off that looting and pillaging . 
  really scary evidences . 
  so you basicaly try to say that it is okay to burn people alive in ukraine ? 
  but only if you burn russians . 
  cus thaats not a nazi thing if you burn dem genghis putler fans ?
