   is it a joke that i do not get ? 
  it is . 
  a dark one and in poor taste , but i feelt like you people will suport such claim . 
  maybe i should have used poland flair or something . 
   game of thrones . 
  are you serious now ? 
  if yes then it 's not even funny . 
  also i would like to know from what country you are , since you know russia and russians so well . 
  you can downvote me , but i must ask : is this good or bad ? 
  because ** literally ** all russians are soviet opressors of poor poland , estonia e.t.c. 
  and literally putler anexing crimea . 
  also all russians are responsible for putler . 
  so the dead terrorist 's ( since they did not opose * terrorists * = they are allies ) are good , right ? 
  ~ ~ y u so mad yuropoors ? 
  ca n't answer that without showing you hypocrisy ? ~ ~, 
  no , it 's bad . 
  he was not russian . 
  but if he was it would be awesome . 
  russian deaths = good . 
  welcome to / r/europe, 
  ... so what ? 
  komrade , are you forgetting that putler is literally hitler ? 
  democratic people of democratic ukraine democratically kill dem putler 's soldiers to liberate democratic ukraine . 
  also it is totally fine for russians to die , they are the bad guys . 
  i would too . 
  * because this will involve some kind of sorcery and i would like to see some real life sorcery *, 
  oops , i think i just broke the khokhol :( sorry . 
  your english is so fine that you can not translate your message ? 
  o wait , i forgot that you are khokhol . 
  you guys always use wrong language on internet . 
  also , starting with insults = = calm demeanor , just fyi . 
  you can believe anything . 
  that is your right , but it wil not change facts . 
  not the may mays , the one weakness of katsap - maymays . 
  thats kinda cute lel why would i be offended by khokhol ? 
  it 's like beign offended by retarded person - it is not his fault that he is retarded and it is not your fault that you are khokhol . 
  why you have so much trouble speaking in english ? 
  education in ua is bad or something ? 
  you mad cause you start to insult me in your first message , yet i never said anything about you/ukrainians/ukraine . 
  or may be you are so mad , that you can not even put your toughts in english ? 
  yet again , you call me `` katsap '' in your first messge and then start to yeall about `` why you kall me khokhol !?!?! '' . 
  you have some issues , mate ? 
  yeah , i start to insult people without reason , just cause they are `` katsap '' . 
  atleast khokhols are good for something - giving away crimea to russia . 
  cheers . 
  you start calling me `` katsap '' and now you are mad that i call you khokhol ? 
  you have some sort of brain damage or are you just from ukraine ? 
  oh wow , it 's good old khokhol . 
  do you believe in proto-ukr theory ? 
  srsly tho , where did i say anything about `` bander '' ? 
  can you quote me saying that ? 
  no wait , khokhols can not in to arguments :( i use untermensch as sarcasm too . 
  yeah yeah , since 90 's khokhols yell about evil russkies and how russia will crash and burn , yet look at you and ua . 
  just look at it . 
  thanks for crimea , i heard it 's a nice place . 
  blah-blah-blah . 
  ca n't even admit your own mistake ? 
  thats just sad . 
  yeah , yeah , am really scared of your soon . 
  hf living in unimportant country . 
  and il go play twd s2 e3 :3, 
  wow mate . 
  wow . 
  [ pls stop , u too mad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom ) i do n't even care what you write after that , probably more raeg russia bad my country good cus democracy and stuff , lel buttmad guy from unimportant country :3, 
  pfft . 
  so you got nothing ? 
  or all countries without democracy = not real ? 
  o shit , mythical lands off china and britain must be scary to you !, 
  well , i didnt expect anything from nonimportant country . 
  talk to me again when people actually know where your country is and what it does :3, 
  what hilarious is that your country does not even have this . 
  what is your excuse for calling it `` real country '' then ? 
  seriously , name one thing . 
  just one . 
  you linked pictures with guys who had red armband and a gun . 
  i did too . 
  his name is rambovich . 
  any news about him ? 
  * yet you have no proof that they did it and that they were russian, 
  but you did . 
  you try to find reasons and justify actions of killers . 
  `` oh they were shooters !, 
  red armband !, 
  you try really hard to present it as a good thing . 
  that means you think it is a good thing . 
   hundred of cases like this one  http://ukrainianpolicy.com pfffft . 
  just no . 
  what is capital city of what ? 
  ... and your point is ? 
  i never used ss as an argument . 
  i just like to point out hypocrisy   what about the katyn massacre ? 
  what about it ? 
   what about the mass deportations ? 
  what about them ? 
  or traitors and nazzi allies should be rewarded ? 
  o wait , i forgot . 
  nazis were good guys . 
   destruction battalions what about them ? 
   what about the molotov-ribbentrop pact ? 
  but i tought nazis were good guys .
