  i have nightmares about that movie . 
  i feel much better now . 
  oh god . 
  i played this like 6 years ago . 
  could be netsky - everyday . 
  work from home programer : you are always at work . 
  it was the only game that made me cry too . 
  life, 
  welp , maybe you could find your song if there was someone else than the two of us . 
  that was actually kinda funny, 
  that fucking trailer . 
  that was all i had to see to know that it will be either the best racing game or the biggest dissapointment . 
  hey rooftops is with ash . 
  do n't leave ash out , man . 
  pirates of the carribean are n't a franchise ? 
  shiet man , the second one was n't that bad , the third one was okay , but i agree with the last one . 
  kv\u00e1 kv\u00e1 bitch, 
  they go chro chro, 
  our accent is less noticable than the russian one i think . 
  do n't even get me started on geese . 
  english is more smooth and the words are connected together when spoken . 
  in czech , every word is spelled like it is written and pronounced sepparately . 
  so there 's that . 
  i think toby is okay . 
  but then again , who the fuck cares what i think , right ? 
  fucking manlets they are . 
  it summoned some feelings inside of me , so i consider it a real art . 
  10/10 would stare at for 2 hours straight . 
  it is awesome . 
  i am not into comicbook stuff at all and i enjoy every second of it . 
  that girl from computer architecture class i go to with . 
  dat terrorist watch . 
  was kinda cool before the gtav was released . 
  are you from eastern europe or something ? 
  comparing curiosity to \u0160koda yeti ... 
  dat shit cray, 
  you run this programme and it generates money . 
  ( this is the most info any 5 yo would be able to process ), 
  damn that game looks realistic . 
  ps3 version has most of the dlcs included . 
  true . 
  but a game like mass effect is great no matter the conditions . 
  this global warming thing is terrible . 
  the whole planet is getting colder because of it . 
  what do you mean ? 
  like those mini weapon packs ? 
  about the multiplayer . 
  i played it solely to unlock an achievement on my 360 and i had a blast . 
  still play it from time to time . 
  i am just used to clumsy controls i guess . 
  upvote for pea sea mustard race , which made me laugh . 
  doing whatever the hell you want . 
  yeah i can drink alcohol now , drive cars , shoot guns whatever . 
  but i could do those when i was a child ( mostly did n't ) and eventualy get away with it . 
  now as an adult , if i want to use a swing at the playground , everyone looks at me like i am some kind of freak . 
  i just ca n't do it . 
  not because of law , but because adulthood sucks balls . 
  yeeeah . 
  $ 600 here in czech republic . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  if only i did n't want it so bad . 
  the more it changes , the more it stays the same . 
  3 guns, 
  you can move the camera while sprinting by holding a with your index finger , and moving the left stick with your thumb . 
  it is really uncomfortable , but you get the edge in almost all multiplayers that way . 
  but yeah , pc controls are more friendly . 
  well , then the 360 version is just dumber instead of having worse controls . 
  the sprint `` trick '' works in gears of war somewhat , and also in resident evil 5 so i thought it would work in me too . 
  actualy , beer companies fill these holes with aluminium to prevent people from drinking beer with straws !, 
  ... we 'll die anyway ... 
  there are n't many games where you can remap completely . 
  the only one that comes to mind is dmc4 . 
  all european do it as far as i know . 
  i just realized k9 stands for canine ... 
  i found my people !, 
  i have to use crutches since i was 5 years old due to the ra ( 21 now ) . 
  my left knee is completely useless ( ca n't bend it ) and the leg is also 5 inches shorter . 
  what kind of treatment do you get ? 
  i am on enbrel by wyeth industries . 
  i had to enter this fancy biological medicine programme in my country to get it , because it is limited to about 1000 people . 
  about this thread 's answer . 
  people are annoying when they ask me how i injured myself . 
  or when they offer me a seat in the bus . 
  but i ca n't blame them , they just want to help . 
  they do n't know that i deadlift twice my weight every other day at the gym and swim half a mile in the pool everyday for cardio . 
  i might be a cripple , but i do n't see myself as one . 
  i 'd tell them `` if you shut the fuck up and go away , you will not be hurt . '', 
  i know two autistic people and one of them plays minecraft all day and the other one talks about rats and lava and nothing else . 
  are there different types of autism ? 
  when people tell me how hard it must be for me to deal with the disease . 
  well i lift , i have a beautiful girlfriend , i practicaly put my car together from pieces laying around and i might have banged your daughter in college . 
  so i guess it is n't that hard , huh ? 
  also , i have became friends with pain , have you ? 
  do you want to ? 
  thank you for your response . 
  i have never seen an autistic person who behaves quite normaly . 
  or rather i did n't know that those people were autists . 
  well , you learn new things every day . 
  thank you !, 
  do you like that keyboard ?
