  getting drunk . 
  the levels of alcohol in my blood should raise by the time i know i will not need to drive till the next day . 
  the fair rate would be about 1 % \u25cb per hour . 
  where does one even come across such capacity ? 
  so what does the tree teepee actually do ? 
  so the water is caught on the sides of the treepee and slides back down into the ground ? 
  what car is that ? 
  that knife is adorable !, 
  google the poop bandit, 
  is n't phantom in this case an adjective ? 
  anyway , you got a point . 
  some bullshit . 
  not immortality and not space travel . 
  more likely something like `` market reconstruction '' or some piece of shit like that . 
  i would drink like a motherfucker . 
  so nothing out of ordinary . 
  makes me want to play new vegas all over again . 
  my motivation is off the charts !, 
  so , what town is that ? 
  it is nature 's screensaver . 
  this is madness . 
  my grandma got both her hip joints replaced + she went to rehabilitation center for two weeks and it costed circa $ 1000 . 
  including the hospital bed , meals and everything . 
  and we are living in eastern europe . 
  well not so much as $ 40000 in us . 
  came here to say this . 
  he looks pissed . 
  which he has a right to be according to his age . 
  i still do n't know how i could afford that . 
  from what i 've heard . 
  the insurance companies cover only minimal expenses . 
  taking a second mortage is some heavy decision . 
  what is on the tv ? 
  when i treat people like i would like them to treat me , it always ends in an argument . 
  drink alcohol and watch movies . 
  ca n't get more manly than that . 
  would love to . 
  we set sail in the morning . 
  what ? 
  when does the shot take place ? 
  i just do n't see it . 
  it is that music plate you put in a gramophone . 
  take a look at sitka by maxpedition, 
  i bought mine for $ 50 in my country and could n't be happier . 
  sturdy like hell . 
  no blade play , solid lock , faux g10 feels kinda nice and firm . 
  how long does the battery last in that watch ? 
  i want to buy it but i want my watch to have some decent battery life . 
  i feel so happy looking at your edc . 
  that wee gun and those colors and so many useful things . 
  awesome !, 
  what is that knife ? 
  which watch can i customize so that it looks like wats ? 
  that 's sufficient . 
  thanks !, 
  does a full size zippo fit in there ? 
  thanks !, 
  what are you most proud of ? 
  seriously , how many games can use all 4 controllers ? 
  i drink alcohol for fun . 
  owned a s&w knife once . 
  not good , not good at all . 
  izula 1 or 2 . 
  izula 2 has longer handle ( if you have bigger hands ) and comes with scales . 
  especially if you own a dirtbike . 
  long life runs strong in their household . 
  looks like that hotel from last of us where you play as ellie . 
  a pug . 
  `` sometimes you do n't know what to read . 
  sometimes you die . '', 
  i was too . 
  then the blade play came in . 
  then i had to tighten the axis screw almost every day ... 
  i played it , got platinum , deleted it . 
  are you driving tommorow ? 
  might as well not . 
  i envy you now . 
  i have to drive to school at 0600 and that means i ca n't drink more that 2 beers the evening before :(, 
  beer is a pretty watery drink , so it keeps you hydrated ergo no hangover . 
  but my problem is that i would still have alcohol in my blood the next morning . 
  what about ticks ? 
  so far so good . 
  kyosho is the only one that can withstand the beating on the kyosho mini-z track . 
  love it . 
  those mirrors will not last long . 
  i have mr01 and mr02 ( heavily modified ) . 
  what motor do you use ? 
  do you race at competitions , or just mess around ? 
  it is super fun . 
  i race with mini-zs for almost 10 years now . 
  just be sure to install an xspeed motor before participating in a race . 
  i even craft my own tires . 
  i could talk about mini-z all day . 
  yeah , in czech republic , press is so uncontrolled that it lost all it 's weight . 
  this is pretty badass . 
  why are n't there elephant farms ? 
  that would at least be a controlled slaughter . 
  that bow is so sexy . 
  taylor swift, 
  i love the smell of the sheath and the handle .
