  also do n't attempt any trophies on the first run . 
  just enjoy the story . 
  i looked here for some decoy octopus joke . 
  she was goddamn right . 
  letrrrrr rip . 
  it 's the same in all of europe . 
  except since 15 or 14 years . 
  i knew that the video you posted was the electric sls before i clicked the link . 
  shit 's crazy yo . 
  i loved the episode of avgn with him playing crossfire . 
  i5 with ivy bridge architecture and gtx 750 ti . 
  idle : 70w . 
  get on my level, 
  were these reliable ? 
  the wankel engine is highly efficient , but i guess being one of the first to utilize it , would make it somewhat experimental . 
  when were you when psn was kill ? 
  makes me love them . 
  psn is kill . 
  god damn . 
  wish this was n't on igthft sub . 
  so i could comment something sweet about family . 
  but yeah ... 
  i would fuck a soul into each one of them . 
  that 's all folks . 
  you can scatter now . 
  give it up to me and my partner u/wylite !, 
  the la le li lo lu ? 
  especially the parents . 
  the one rx8 has ? 
  that is really cool . 
  motherfucking helldivers . 
  the combat there is n't really combat . 
  you just toss paper pigs around . 
  6/10 with rice . 
  i finger my asshole . 
  i want to do it now . 
  you 're my kind of guy . 
  the first paragraph sounds like a very good plan . 
  i would love to cozy up in a treehouse in the middle of woods and just drink and play on my vita . 
  there is a program called ds4 tool or something . 
  use it . 
  so you just got micro-tech for christmas . 
  just like that . 
  well , alright . 
  i hope it came dull !, 
  it 's an achievement in the xbox version . 
  why the fuck is the dog spinning ? 
  little 8 pounds weights ... 
  god dammit !, 
  i got my father a nitecore tube for christmass , and he was amazed by how it puts out more light than his 4aa 12led pumpstation shitlight . 
  for me , it was just another wednesday . 
  the mod of r/flashlights, 
  mgs, 
  it is on the psn store on vita . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  every one of them . 
  remote play is just awesome, 
  the og mgs . 
  still the best mgs game . 
  i am the same . 
  but man the platinum in luftrausers is so goddamn hard . 
  the first one was a damn good game . 
  the last rounds are pretty straightforward . 
  edward has like 10 man ` o'wars in his flotilla so he can just lay siege and proclaim himself the baddest motherfucker of the area . 
  this, 
  it 's a silent killer lana !, 
  that is why i try to be the strongest in my house . 
  i love the people , but you never know . 
  wolverine is bigger and can do all the shit hb can do , but in like -40 \u2103, 
  spider like appearance . 
  with the chelicery jaws and shit , ai n't nobody gon na fuck with me . 
  clever . 
  do you live in czech republic ? 
  because that motherfucker swears like a motherfucker . 
  i too am curious about the purpose of spinning arms on a ketchup robot . 
  right ? 
  i find myself wondering about my questions quite a lot on reddit . 
  i see you edited your answer , and that prevented me from replying to it . 
  never mind . 
  the point is , i find myself wondering about the questions here on reddit quite a lot . 
  i sense a weird vibe in the reddit infrastructure . 
  the new ketchup robot overlords must be taking over . 
  sponsored by nitecore . 
  also you know you are in a right place when love is higher than bucks . 
  nitecore digicharger + some eneloops and you are set . 
  i love the imperia . 
  that i owe them all of the time , effort and money they had to put into having me . 
  mini-z . 
  we have annual season of like 15 racedays . 
  we are no club . 
  just a group of guys who happen to know each other . 
  we use robitronic race monitoring . 
  beyond good and evil . 
  although that might not be what you are looking for . 
  after you platinum it , everything will feel like slow motion to you . 
  and guess what ? 
  ruskij standart is actually polish . 
  the digicharger is good for detecting batteries , that are getting bad . 
  looks like one of the `` competition '' lego technic sets . 
  we had hours of fun with these with my brother .
