  it 's like saying that someone is heavily dead . 
  what is the smallest atx case , that is a tower and not a desktop ? 
  1155 and i want to go mini itx , but there are no itx mobos anymore where i live . 
  i do n't have the money right now to go 1151 , and i need a smaller case . 
  right ? 
  in the tutorial where you need to clone the rambo like 20 times to destroy the wall ... 
  i just went for a walk instead . 
  oh boy , what would i give for alpha protocol 2 . 
  the story was one of the best in any video game ever . 
  the characters were awesome too . 
  there were not a single dull character . 
  i had to play the game 5 times in a row to get all the achievements and each time i encountered some new character , or a completely new mission . 
  not to mention a completely different ending . 
  god , i want to play it again . 
  such a great light . 
  they do n't make 'em how they used to . 
  does slender man even fight ? 
  that guy does n't fight . 
  zaeed messani never underestimates a hanar and so so should n't you . 
  all you need is .45 acp, 
  a zt knife, 
  hahaha jokes on you . 
  my gf only likes missionary position , and only if it is quick . 
  the man of constant sorrow, 
  that i am attractive, 
  doing something just so you can tell someone that you did it . 
  masturbate, 
  bruh , i have been exposed to a spoiler . 
  i use backspace a lot when browsing through directories . 
  well , technically everyone has to . 
  alcoholism, 
  i was there during the 1000vultures era . 
  never went back since . 
  do you have red alert 2 on origin ? 
  seriously , i want more games . 
  does n't matter if old or new . 
  have n't we all bought the ps4 to play games ? 
  is that you liquid ? 
  search for the penpal story series . 
  but , can you quote archer ? 
  i would n't really enjoy mgs at 8 . 
  get more than one pug . 
  two might suffice , but the more the merrier . 
  tfw no gf, 
  now , i have ps4 and 750 ti . 
  i love them both , but i love my 750 ti a little bit more , because it is so cute . 
  like , it is a $ 100 gpu that gives zero fucks at 1080p, 
  it 's like jarret all over again . 
  i really love my tube , but i guess this having a replacable battery makes it more long lasting . 
  but why cis ? 
  what the fuck kinda word is that ? 
  is it an acronym ? 
  sims 4 is really bad . 
  like smartphone game bad . 
  thanks, 
  video has that '70 movie wibe . 
  cool . 
  well that is some idiotic stuff right there . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i hope they put willis in fc5 , lol . 
  man , the time 4chan discovered a fucking ... 
  i have one tip . 
  and his name is john cena !! 11 !, 
  is that a fucking in the sky ? 
  mmmmmmm yams . 
  that is exactly what came to my mind . 
  there was a similar gif named `` tac reload '' . 
  seen it like 3 years ago tho . 
  are their eyes covered ? 
  why even bother ? 
  seeing sheepy on reddit makes me happy . 
  with a grenade in your hand . 
  so basicaly even a non blind person could play it . 
  yeah , i ca n't imagine using my hearing to catch a ball . 
  guys are crazy . 
  oh , hi mr. sunshine . 
  it 's like ... normal time in europe . 
  some of you fatties are alright . 
  do n't go to school tomorrow . 
  fattening thread will be posted in the morning . 
  i guess these people are n't thought about the modern world history ... 
  he made the juke look even uglier . 
  is the combat the same as in dreamfall ? 
  yeah , she is your typical tumbler sullen wench , but this shit drives me crazy . 
  do n't touch my glasses for god 's sake . 
  what did that little poor thing ever do to you ? 
  you just crossed the line and went where nobody should have . 
  you mean ff x and x-2 ? 
  so , could you make an explosive from ` cados ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  that `` double dagger '' probably got dull after popping one balloon . 
  i think it would be nearly game-breaking . 
  most of the enemies are walking along some kind of obstacles . 
  and being able to eliminate then silently from the back and also front is pretty damn op . 
  but sure , i would love it ^ . ^, 
  i would be super happy to look like that in my 80s . 
  my mind reads this in sansa 's voice . 
  ... to the max, 
  this is super rad . 
  if you hack a tesla you can go over 400 km/h theoretically .
