  now that would be just plain insane , though . 
  kill a man . 
  the guy on the wall looks the most normal of those people . 
  `` how to change my life '', 
  you sound like a cool guy . 
  i hope you have as much fun riding your iron stallion as you have had building it . 
  played like a damn ukulele, 
  god knows what they will come up with in primal . 
  that is war for you . 
  what jobs do you use ? 
  i currently play it on vita . 
  there are n't like , separate communities for each platform . 
  i too read the ama . 
  mgs 3, 
  final fantasy 1, 
  ca n't wait to watch it when i get home . 
  the jumping game . 
  oh god . 
  i would even leave my car unlocked if i knew constable pug was on duty . 
   small camper, 
  that looks so cozy . 
  beast from the outside , tender from the inside . 
  nah , i 'd just buy a new one, 
  like $ 50 mil no joke . 
  i want to be the man , who owns the manufacturing company for these babies . 
  i said no joke !, 
  are these like microtechs qualitywise ? 
  god dammit , i 've bought the nordic humble bundle last month , but this has some new stuff in it . 
  i live in czech republic and the situation here is pretty much the same . 
  i have had my 750 ti for a year and a half now , and i love it !, 
  even my brother with an ultrawide monitor got it and is very pleased . 
  but if i had to buy a gpu today , i would go for the 950 . 
  just because it is new and slightly more powerful . 
  why is that celebrated ? 
  that 's like praising bin laden for bombing the pentagon . 
  ahh , you know ... flashlight stuff ... like telling my loved ones that their no name lights suck . 
  the usual . 
  mmmmm what does it cover ? 
  i am from europe so i will be not much of a help here , but i pay around $ 200 for the whole year . 
  well , not like `` ever '' ever . 
  but in close future , yeah . 
  procurement on site . 
  that 's the fox unit way . 
  benchmade or zt ? 
  how about a quantum entanglement to the council ? 
  come on , the citadel did n't blow up on subatomic level . 
  or the clever guys did n't put it on the citadel , but somewhere more safe . 
  the hanar world maybe ? 
  that you are just going to get some smokes . 
  good times , good times . 
  it 's a silent killer , lana !, 
  exactly . 
  i would try , but i would fail miserably . 
  man , that is all cool and stuff , but mines ? 
  that is not something to be proud of . 
  come on , the us would just walk over them . 
  the batarian hegemony . 
  well , if you sleep through the morning , you ca n't have a morning coffee , right ? 
  yeaaaah , i was n't thinking that deep into it . 
  i played rainbow moon for 120 hours , and did n't even finish all the endgame stuff yet . 
  but my oh my , dragon fin soup made me delete the game right after the dream sequence . 
  me2 and bg&e are both super cool games . 
  first time playing them ? 
  the game is like a final fantasy without the fun . 
  the game is likewise very bad . 
  well , i mean in the me2 - 3 timeline , they are basically just dying out . 
  i hope they do n't come up with something stupid . 
  well , it overwhelms your taste buds and then you will not be able to taste some more tender tastes the next 20 hours or so . 
  but it is so worth it . 
  i would love to live forever if i could make a choice to end my life deliberately at any moment . 
  i did . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think i actually did n't upvote it . 
  my css does n't work somehow . 
  yeah , i always wanted to be eternal when i was a kid/teenager . 
  but recently i was thinking about the topic again and man ... 
  i do not want that . 
  first your family is gone , then your friends , then your country . 
  soon , the earth is no more and what the hell are you gon na do , floating in the nothingness of space ... 
  my grandma always said that the nazi occupation was far better than the post 1968 communism . 
  but that is irrelevant . 
  you raise some valid points there . 
  i guess i will have to experience life some more and mature to understand the treachery of eternal life . 
  well , the war did n't really happen here , where we live . 
  but the communism took a toll on our family . 
  we were always a family of teachers and professors . 
  but then the damn commies came , put my granddad ( who was all his life an industrial field university professor ) into foundry and he died after like 2 years there from respiratory failure . 
  grandma did n't take it lightly , but had to obey , so my mother could continue her studies . 
  but well , you should always take is as it comes . 
  plus i need to point out that i have all my knowledge of that time from my family and school , so a lot of bias is definitely there . 
  but as far as i know , during the occupation , the nazis did n't give a damn . 
  you just had to know how to speak deutch . 
  that is a completely different point of view on that era . 
  i like that . 
  it is always interesting to hear stories from people of completely different origins . 
  i am from czech republic . 
  eventhough i do n't know if i do n't disobey the reddiquette by saying that . 
  but it feels weird that it 's not followed by `` unit lost '' . 
  uhhh , there were no friends there . 
  they would be in some photo .
