  man arya looks damn fine . 
  never really cared much for sansa 's face . 
  the white swallow is actually a bar name in the video game dreamfall chapters . 
  i hope vita gets loads of votes . 
  all day erry day . 
  ahhh piano bar . 
  not many of those around these days . 
  and that was me :(, 
  did the oraly raped kid consent ? 
  it 's extremely good . 
  will there be wizyma ? 
  i loved the outskirts of the town in the first game . 
  such nostalgia . 
  it 's awesome on vita . 
  utilizing the touchscreen for weapon-change just feels so natural . 
  oh boy , the platformer ? 
  i played the shit out of it on pc when i was like 10 . 
  vita is the king of jrpgs . 
  vita is where all those games go to retirement . 
  the pug gave zero fucks . 
  i love it . 
  she is like some kind of mgs boss . 
  the old ones look so cool . 
  yeah , a nice kershaw and a spyderco sharpmaker is all that you need . 
  * doing down here, 
  huh , til . 
  my memory is getting rusty . 
  i love your kershaw scrambler too !, 
  if i made all the money with my skill and hard work . 
  i would buy a boat matrioshka , and i would n't be ashamed . 
  sorry , i thought i was in r/funny . 
  ps : i know some wealthy people are cunts . 
  yeah , after the 3rd custom zt . 
  it is a steep hill . 
  he 's already a demon . 
  sick username bro . 
  regarding the watch . 
  i love this classic simple style kind of watch . 
  i am a cheap slut . 
  actually the glass is better at heat durability when thin . 
  it can stretch and not break . 
  honestly , to fuck a bitch and then pet a koala is my dream . 
  watch in czech is spelled `` hodinky '' , pronounced `` hodinkee '' . 
  i think not . 
  right ? 
  it 's like the universal time killer these days . 
  was it you stringbean ? 
  just look at my account info . 
  i got the joke now . 
  and do n't forget the titanium pry bar . 
  violent might mean being sucked off by a hobo when you get stuck after midnight in the center of prague . 
  you skinnyass motherfucker . 
  arctic empire uses this as a song background on youtube, 
  dat strap is tight, 
  false alarm . 
  i mistook it with this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ysrni0-uag&amp;list=pl47gfnryb12utudaedxlbbhgzqlvkjvot&amp;index=37, 
  they just met for some kisses . 
  what a thrill ... 
  nuclear - mike oldfield . 
  stuck in my head for the past year . 
  if my gf hits me , i wrestle her on the ground , look her in the eyes and tell her , that there is only one king to rule the world . 
  works every time . 
  i like how everyone thinks that they are safe , so they say and do whatever . 
  but then they get hurt and suddenly they realize how fragile they are . 
  man do n't remind me . 
  what a thrill ... 
  i give my life, 
  not for honor , but for you ... dum dum dumdum, 
  sudo is actually substitute user do . 
  and the substitute happens to be super user . 
  it 's in the - ? 
  i like that guys review style . 
  he talks in a very annoying way . 
  yo , yo , someone stole my key yo, 
  if you piss in a bottle , the piss becomes the content of the bottle . 
  that will make you content creator too . 
  what a douche . 
  first person shooter . 
  adventure . 
  open world . 
  yes . 
  but 750 ti claimed a spot in my heart . 
  serious question deserves serious answer . 
  no matter how stupid it might seem . 
  yeah i get it . 
  i just feel the need to reply every time . 
  i am weird that way , heh . 
  well , i guess time will tell . 
  oh boy , we are in for a treat !, 
  what kind of lunatic would do such a thing ? 
  we are basically locked in an endless loop . 
  well , i do n't know . 
  do you have some kind of test ? 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  oh man ... so ... what do you like to do ? 
  joke 's on them . 
  i do n't have an airbag . 
  you fuckers killed pepe . 
  dmc4 was my first dmc game . 
  i am so excited right now .
