  they have small heads . 
  the one that they brought with them . 
  the best tool for the job is always the one you have . 
  oh my god , here we go . 
  this sentence alone , without any context , is undoubtly true . 
  a woman is defined by the biological assets of a woman . 
  i am a cripple , and i have embraced it to such degree , that i am okay to be defined as one . 
  fat ? 
  that pug is ripped !, 
  with darkness and silence through the night ... 
  great stuff . 
  but it 's lose , not loose . 
  is is as good as the longest journey games ? 
  the vita was there . 
  i am satisfied . 
  that old tv effect . 
  it takes me back ... 
  is demon souls vita really a thing ? 
  the beast in the village is one of the most difficult monsters . 
  damn , i loved the village part . 
  have you watched deliverance agian ? 
  command and conquer 3 : kane 's wrath . 
  or tf2, 
  man the ending will run chills down your spine . 
  just play it . 
  yeah , the bow . 
  that was an awesome weapon . 
  crossbows are fun too , but why did they sacrifice the bow ? 
  also the crossbow would never work that way . 
  i am a ps vita fanboy . 
  i just love the console , but i do n't hate the others . 
  alpha protocol and dreamfall : the longest journey, 
  i read the comments . 
  now i am not sure of anything anymore . 
  only one with some hodor, 
  for a minute there i thought i was in arrow subreddit . 
  this is insane . 
  also how come there are sounds in space ? 
  the first one, 
  this post gave me cancer . 
  if you played trials hd , you played the best trials game . 
  did he like die or what ? 
  horizon 2 seems like a cheaper version of the original horizon . 
  i loved forza horizon and got 1000 gamer score in it . 
  but the environment in which the new forza is set looks dull and not alive at all . 
  i am also sceptical about the crew because always when there is such a huge project , it kinda falls apart at some point . 
  just look at fuel . 
  i do n't know , i want both games to be awesome , but i have more hope in forza . 
  i have a 360 and mic , but since i 've got ps4 and vita i no longer play on my 360 :( would love to play with the kind of people you talk about though . 
  also still life and the longest journey ... man i would love to play those on ps vita . 
  in my ass, 
  final fantasy 1, 
  the longest journey, 
  infamous : second son, 
  i love all the platforms !, 
  man what the hell ... 
  he did n't like the last of us . 
  he probably does n't like games . 
  i was thinking about that . 
  even cooler would be , if we could choose the sounds for things like : explosions , implosions , impacts , weapon fire ... 
  i have over 100 games , but mostly singleplayer . 
  from multiplayer games , i have gtav , cod black ops , spec ops the line , borderlands 2 ... 
  maybe you should play on pc if controls are the problem . 
  how did you like remember me ? 
  i have too never played any zelda game . 
  so i borrowed the first one on the nes and had great fun . 
  then i tried to play ocarina of time and man , i just did n't like it at all . 
  the original game is pretty good tho . 
  after getting into it , i played it 5 times through in the row . 
  i play the longest journey on pc . 
  just bought it recently on gog . 
  i 've played dreamfall like 6 years ago and really liked the universe , but when i played the first game , i really fell in love with it . 
  where is the golden abyss drake ? 
  never forget the vita ... 
  that game was so underappreciated . 
  does it have a real 3d or the colorful glasses one ? 
  full uncharted experience imo . 
  platinumed it in 4 days . 
  i am so sad , that there will never be another uncharted on vita :(, 
  the controls are clunky , but man . 
  when you adapt to it , it is a hell of a ride . 
  i understand you tho . 
  try doing the pistol bulid , combat get incredibly easy with the chainshot skill . 
  oh boy , i would love to use that with mirror 's edge . 
  :( it is not that fun online . 
  do you have bad company 1 or 2 ? 
  i recently installed it after playing enemy within . 
  man that game was hard as all hell , back then . 
  rbr was really hard . 
  have you ever played xpand rally ? 
  he will eventualy catch up to her , since he is heavier , therefore he falls with higher speed . 
  but as i think about it , would they get closer or farther because of that ? 
  i just do n't understand portals that much . 
  that was awesome . 
  cool , we could play bc2 !, 
  but ... where are you from ? 
  xpand had unbelievable graphics for it 's time . 
  i still remember playing vrally on my old 300mhz computer . 
  good times . 
  i really do n't know why i got downvoted .
