  name him sterling . 
  praise be to oryx !!!!!!, 
  i am seeing flames !, 
  praise the vita, 
  im more of a western gamer so these games are not much of an interest to me . 
  trials hd is hard as fuck . 
  i managed to get all the achievements + all achievements in the dlcs , but fuck me , was that frustrating . 
  oh my god . 
  mind blown . 
  i just realized , i can get envious . 
  did you catch that sick reference ? 
  hello , fellow pug owner who has shitloads of ps4 games !, 
  some contestors are better planners than executors . 
  for example : revolver ocelot is a formidable gunslinger , but his true superpower are his intrique skills and world manipulation . 
  or a song lyrics tl ; dr, 
  cool review . 
  only mass effect comes close . 
  you will never get so much complexity in story , quality of music , depth of characters etc. 
  in any other games than mgs . 
  mass effect is really holding it 's own if you compare the two , but it is a very different take on gameplay and storytelling . 
  oldfag detected . 
  also accurate . 
  you 're goddamn right , patriot !, 
  so holosculptures from the longest journey are finally a real thing . 
  czech republic would probably be first, 
  i thought you were a genius , then i realized it could be done with any word . 
  placid dog ? 
  that sounds like a metal gear solid codenamne . 
  can we do these for the psx and psp games available for vita ? 
  i have a 3 year old ka-bar and it does n't have the `` made in taiwan '' tag . 
  even the manual had `` printed in usa '' fine print . 
  as a 22 year old guy constantly in pain because of arthritis , i should stay the hell away from heroin . 
  is that a 90 ' buick regal fourdoor on the left ? 
  i mean , he even smokes , while dying . 
  ps vita can play all the mgs games up until mgs4 . 
  if you want to play mgs4 again tho , you will have to get ps3 . 
  the assassins sure can hide . 
  you do n't need 90 % of the things in this bulid . 
  for games ? 
  you do n't really need 16gb . 
  get some more storage instead . 
  really , there will be no difference . 
  `` i have to consult the bean probe ! '', 
  what kind of post is this ? 
  just find a screenshot on google and write a generic title ? 
  gosh ... 
  oh you would be surprised , how many men especially on reddit love pokemon . 
  i have never really grew fond of it very much , but i can undestand it more than literally loving the ponies in my little pony show . 
  it is basicaly a western-scandinavian country . 
  and all of those countries are really nice , clean and awesome . 
  definitely not poland . 
  expected gestapo police , scammers , terrible infrastructure , asshole drivers ... and got just that . 
  what is this thread ? 
  a / k / post ? 
  you could just make alpha protocol 2 . 
  come on , michael thorton was basicaly archer . 
  just read some of the emails from the game . 
  5:00 am wake up , drive 10 miles to the city , take 100 miles commute by bus , electric bus to the campus circa 15 minutes , walk 500 meters to the building , wait for pc to boot up , wait for proffesor . 
  after waiting for 10 minutes in a class full of some students i figured it was time to go home . 
  arrive home at 13:30 , check changes in the timeplan . 
  the class took place in the classroom next door . 
  welp , that was half a day and $ 5 well spent . 
  went back to sleep . 
  ahhh an old chevy innawoods . 
  holy shitsnacks !, 
  motherfucking geometry wars !!!!, 
  that was our go-to game to play on 360 while totaly high . 
  maaan that fencer is of da hook . 
  yeah ... 
  daaamn , someone wrecked that ass . 
  damn , now i feel bad for raising your hopes . 
  the particles are strong with this one . 
  and the rights to publish gw1 and 2 are in the filthy hands of microsoft . 
  there is just hoping for resogun to come to our beloved platform . 
  there is now a lot of it in your inbox . 
  did they give us a date ? 
  got the bandana , now working on octocamo . 
  can you have both in the inventory ? 
  get the real mgs1 . 
  you can play it on ps3 , psp , psx or psvita !, 
  praise be to vita, 
  the stories from battlefields, 
  metal gear . 
  it was like 2001 and a friend had it on a pc emulator . 
  eastern europe ... 
  feelspunk, 
  like to liquid cooling for the cpu , or $ 200 headphones . 
  you could spend the money on bigger ssd or better monitor . 
  but hey , i have different priorities . 
  the main thing is , you have fun building the beast . 
  cool , must be a breeze with both of those items to finish the game . 
  i have 15 hours on my first playthrough . 
  you can play ps one games on ps2 ? 
  is kigo a mention of some season or time ? 
  america and goddamn commies . 
  fuck the king !, 
  also solid snake vs liquid snake . 
  liquid is like the only mgs character with purely evil intentions . 
  solid is of a pure heart . 
  the bodycount does n't count .
