  i am so confused right now . 
  looks like toyeca from the re-volt game !, 
  alright , you made one man smarter today reddit . 
  fair . 
  they are swimming in money, 
  the first one ? 
  that was hard on insanity . 
  the second game was also pretty challenging on insanity , but the third one was a cakewalk . 
  my 3g deathadder runs like a charm for 7th year now . 
  man , they are n't really smart , selling it only on the prev gen. 
  yeah , but the people who have a new system are people who can afford games ( they could afford the system for a full price ) and they will buy any game that comes out since there are so few . 
  but yeah , i got your point , i still own 360 and ps3 so i will get it anyway . 
  all the other kids with the pumped up kicks you better run , better run , outrun my van . 
  i use to psvita branded sony earbuds . 
  they are surprisingly well built and their performance is above average . 
  we are the older gamers who do n't care about the drama . 
  does the tf2 font have a name ? 
  can i have my amygdala removed ? 
  i demand the picture, 
  i cried when i saw the picture of a place where airplanes go to die . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  but those shootouts are there just for gameplay 's sake . 
  all the old final fantasy titles on my ps vita . 
  just finished ff1 !, 
  what a game . 
  i have been pleased . 
  shrek is love, 
  the ishimura is also in the news on the tv in bf5, 
  it 's just another alpha protocol . 
  we need to make a list of these hidden treasures of gaming history . 
  pirates are dope as hell, 
  i am getting nostaligic , even though i played only the hd version . 
  your so loves mass effect ? 
  i cried while playing those games . 
  i envy you your gf/wife . 
  yes !, 
  what a great game !, 
  any old final fantasy . 
  get the witcher !, 
  the first one is great , but the second one is beyond awesome !, 
  do n't forget command and conquer 3 !, 
  the last of cnc games . 
  the last of us is an emotional game . 
  there are some games like it , ( mass effect , legend of zelda , beyond good and evil , ... ) but the last of us is our emotional game . 
  we are the gamers who lust of titles as uncharted 4 , not because of the gunplay but because of the story , because of the thrill . 
  we are the players born and raised by mgs1 . 
  you do n't fall . 
  you copy the terrain . 
  man , my gf is hot as all hell , but i 'd give anything to her loving mass effect . 
  drink less alcohol , before playing games . 
  i have had similar problems . 
  this game looks more like a smartphone game than a handheld console game . 
  will it be available for phones too ? 
  i loved arrow from the start :(, 
  he already knows it all . 
  i 've heard very good things about this blade . 
  fear and loathing in las vegas . 
  it 's a one of a kind , a rare specimen ... 
  that baban gate is just too hard for me :(, 
  she 's not ugly . 
  any unsullied . 
  man i bought it yesterday and i already have a lvl 17 char . 
  that game is completely awesome . 
  and that comes from someone who played since first day on 360 . 
  man , your sister is gay . 
  yo wife is gay ... 
  what ? 
  it is n't normal in other countries ? 
  i do this while drunk . 
  butt sharpie ? 
  uncharted : golden abyss , tearaway , hotline miami . 
  got these all over a weekend . 
  someone did this with rabbits in australia . 
  can confirm , crucial kicks ass . 
  got crucial m550 a week ago . 
  very good quality stuff . 
  i 'm sure brienne never had these kind of doubts about herself . 
  if you swap the 760 for 750 ti you would have my build . 
  i run in with 520w corsair and never had a problem . 
  i have the largest coolermaster haf . 
  ca n't remember the codenumber now . 
  get borderlands 2 . 
  really , that game is awesome . 
  i was very surprised by the graphics and framerate . 
  the videos on the net do n't do it justice at all . 
  oliver queen did n't shipwreck . 
  why is he even hotter than stephen ? 
  ah wait , i wake up in the morning to the clear blue sky ,, 
  turn up the music when i hop in the ride ... 
  man , i sure would love to use this light as my edc . 
  bad thing i ca n't get it here in czech republic :(, 
  only # 4 shipping and it is an eu based shop and accepts mastercard . 
  thank you so much !, 
  you are just supporting my addiction ... 
  thanks !, 
  i '' ll take a look at the heinnie shop . 
  mass effect trilogy so high up on the ps3 ladder . 
  is something wrong with me when ramsay is my favourite character ? 
  sterling malory archer and tony stark . 
  they would exchange some offensive lines and then hit the bar .
