  hey , do you know if there will be any more of these large scale dlcs for fc4 ? 
  now i feel like the season pass was a rip off . 
  fuckin koalas need more freedom . 
  stannis !, 
  the one true king . 
  it 's a rubber ducky !, 
  right ?!, 
  psycho was the man . 
  also peninsula . 
  `` pen '' as in penultimate , meaning `` near to '' and `` insula '' as in insulation , meaning separated . 
  your former internet is considered `` high speed '' in my country . 
  i do n't understand . 
  chronicles of narnia . 
  i 've read all the books in like 3 weeks . 
  twice . 
  kershaw skyline . 
  freedom is actually free . 
  ah , the good old ham\u00e9 ke\u010dup . 
  they are all fucked . 
  everything the tiberium touches turns to more tiberium . 
  and it gets airborne . 
  the only people who can survive it are the quarian . 
  their pilgrimage lifestyle and advances in air filters could make them immune . 
  you got ta need some mad horsepower underneath the hood to turn wheels like that . 
  is this where bronn and jamie train swordfighting ? 
  i mean the lower right corner . 
  is the plane in flight or docked ? 
  how about being able to give commands ( move , wait , roger , negative ) while prone ? 
  or a hovercraft !, 
  always remember the basics of cqc !, 
  as a czech the pilsen empire pleases me . 
  rollcage with cockpit view . 
  pro tip : it does n't have to be your house . 
  new dungeon siege game, 
  how dare you badmouth the one true king ? 
  sure thing lonemane . 
  what other sex is there ? 
  i am aware of only males and females . 
  definitely . 
  after completing tlj , it is magical to visit the same areas in dreamfall . 
  if you are like me and like to soak up the atmosphere of the games and feel very emotional about them , you will be beyond happy . 
  that is like storing number 2 in a boolean . 
  well , you got ta follow the rules , i guess . 
  thanks for reply . 
  sounds super scary . 
  plus 6 million is super cheap , for the upgrade . 
  alright . 
  yeah , that is the one thing we do well . 
  the concept of anonymous is very foreign to these people . 
  i have all the recent consoles + pc + famicom + ios device + android device . 
  that is 10 systems , and yet i game mostly on my vita . 
  even when i lay on my bed in front of my 42 '' tv i still most of the time remoteplay rather than play directly on the ps4 . 
  i do n't mean to brag , i think that vita is all i need in the end . 
  honestly , if this was real it would be fucked up . 
  aslan , the protector of narnia . 
  how did you get that username ? 
  the window breaking technique is actually pretty useful in emergency situations . 
  seems like you have to grab it in the center and push with your leg on the door while pulling with your hands . 
  he says : `` war has changed ... '', 
  archer stomps in every round . 
  thanks to the iron man suit . 
  the suit is really op against the terminator . 
  there are no special skills that sterling has that would make him better in the suit that say , james bond . 
  it 's all about an able man in the suit . 
  man , the kid that saw it all ... that is just super messed up . 
  ai n't no money that is gon na fix that . 
  i mean , the death is horrible , but the dead do n't care . 
  it is the close folks of theirs that are the true victims here . 
  man , snub nosed dogs are the best . 
  breeding went too far , but the love remained . 
  i 'd ... keep you waiting . 
  you got ta respect that she is n't throwing any fake feminist shit around like some do . 
  easy platinum too !, 
  i loved every second of it . 
  dmc1 is still the best i think . 
  dmc4 is super long and awesome too . 
  iluminati confirmed . 
  looks like a meal i would make if i were stoned as all hell . 
  my pug would die if i have n't had it neutered . 
  this was dank . 
  i was making a school map too for source . 
  the only thing that stood in the way of me finishing it was my lack of skill and dedication . 
  income : $ 3.000 / yr, 
  daily driver : '91 buick regal coupe, 
  i live in eastern europe so this kind of money is still enough to survive . 
  they melted steel beams you say ... 
  you can just slap whatever on k\u00f6nigsegg and you 're good to go . 
  it 's worth it . 
  every , single , penny . 
  finally someone with normal gender options . 
  are these the cold steel knives ? 
  i play tf on ultra 1200p 16xaa with over 120 fps . 
  skyrim on ultra 1200p at 80 fps . 
  the card is like $ 100 now . 
  also like 50 watt power consumption and zero noise . 
  why do the french have to make everything ugly ? 
  do you uhhhh , have any more where this came from ? 
  alright . 
  as far as i am concerned , silencers/suppressors are illegal in all first world countries . 
  yeah , i tried it and found it really bad .
