  ass pennies ? 
  not anymore, 
  i would date a bitch who has a full spy gear . 
  what if you do n't ever ask for this ? 
  and see how deep the rabbit hole goes . 
  well , this went out of hand . 
  it 's still a pretty good occupation . 
  all those unresponding clients ... 
  it is the coolest job ever . 
  man , that 's like ... 80 km/h . 
  shit 's fast when you crash at 80 . 
  when i am going fast , i always get the urge to steer and crash . 
  just the idea , that i am in control of my life ... 
  prague has his back too . 
  we would defenestrate the shit out of the rapist . 
  i just want my score not to be hidden . 
  that is hot . 
  i actually just wanted to make some decent programming . 
  nope , i fell down the web developing abyss . 
  i am 5 ' 10 '' and this never happened to me . 
  maybe because of europe . 
  if hitler was n't a madman we could have a nice war . 
  no he had to go ape shit with all this nazi thing ... 
  oh man i love to poop, 
  marines and arabs are here longer than video games . 
  it is the ea that is fucked . 
  i do not believe , bomb did this to him . 
  `` my favorite thing when i get a day off ,, 
  is lay in my bed and play with my balls '' - asher roth , cumbaya, 
  so much murican football ... 
  he is the true baller . 
  why does everyone have this pussy ass haf . 
  i have the manly one , with tho fans on the topside . 
  it is the shit . 
  do you mean `` put together '' ? 
  all angles is triangle added together make 180 \u00b0 . 
  and a radian value of that is one . 
  * mindblown *, 
  i have both , but i am more of an xbox fan . 
  after yesterday . 
  i am an all the way sony fan . 
  fuck your kinect , fuck your sports . 
  i am physicaly impaired , and these things just offend me . 
  i am impressed by the pointlessness of this thing . 
  tell me about it . 
  yesterday , it was like 10 times ... 
  this pope is the shit . 
  oh i have those myr cards !, 
  i really did not played the game much , i am more of a collector . 
  this is my motto now . 
  with the suitcase full of drugs . 
  he was actually pretty cool homie . 
  i read the books . 
  yes, 
  x-men origines wolverine was also really good . 
  the dock was teirm ? 
  i was talking about the video game . 
  yeah , deadpool should be pictured differently , but i cared more about logan in that time . 
  everyone will just want to see how bad it actually is . 
  they made the most detailed texture a penis on a paper ... 
  i remembered 1000vultures, 
  `` but sir , you are n't that young and physically strong as you used to be 70 years ago ! '', 
  `` i do n't give a damn , bring me towles . '', 
  army women have some fine bodies . 
  it was kinda shocking that i can write and spell better than an english 9th grader . 
  how tall are you ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  it is mostly bullshit . 
  much obliged, 
  and i mean baaaaad . 
  aaahh , you are too an owner of some '90 gm car . 
  that raspi is not tactical enough . 
  i live in czech republic and carry my ka-bar inside my backpack all the time . 
  the law here is : you can carry what ever the hell you want , but you can not use it . 
  but damn , i will do as please . 
  a sword . 
  i mean , a real man should be allowed to carry a rappier or shortsword and a threepoint hat . 
  now all we see are these douchebags with caps with stickers ... 
  why do you carry a piece of ram ? 
  a cold steel micro recon 1 . 
  i just got mine and it is an awesome everyday knife . 
  when i see ` facial ' i always think of cum on the face ... 
  seeing the deathadder ... riiiiight work ... 
  is there any decent knife which has these tools ? 
  are you joking or full retard ? 
  i really ca n't tell after some time on r/knives, 
  that is a nice equipment you carry . 
  i was thinking about squirt es4 for it 's wirestripping capabilities . 
  oh and are you satisfied with the s4 ? 
  i currently have s2 and i am happy having it . 
  battery life could be better though . 
  bad thing is that trekker costs $ 100 here in czech republic . 
  might as well get a victorinox rescue tool for the same price . 
  it is great , that they improved the battery life over the s2 . 
  i am considering an upgrade . 
  for the multitool , does it have any tool play ? 
  i really hate when a knife has a blade play . 
  oh yeah , and the ps4 costs minimum of $ 60 . 
  no , they actually have it in stock at the stores . 
  plus the victorinox is made in switzerland which is about 300 miles from czech republic , waaaaay closer than to usa .
