  yeah , my 750 ti , i5 and 8gb ram can handle high at 60fps , but not ultra . 
  good luck playing it on xone . 
  when i heard the first tones of the music , i knew it was a pirate game . 
  i got shivers all around my body . 
  but wait , what about that paratrooper skeleton ? 
  or , you know ... red dead redemption ? 
  like a stick of truth, 
  this might sound strange , but push daggers are great for these tasks . 
  you can use your fingers freely while holding the knife between your fingers . 
  no need to lay the knife down and look for it later , when you need to cut something . 
  `` but without all the bills and the mail , what would you do if you could not fail ? '', 
  asher paul roth - nothing you ca n't do, 
  in prague i saw vodka being sold in a vodka bottle . 
  man , if only vue was coming to vita . 
  that would be the life . 
  that would rise the sales of vita tenfold . 
  oh no , let 's rather use a home console . 
  great move sony . 
  hololens is the coolest thing i will never buy . 
  aisha was cringe worthy . 
  ea was oh so corporate . 
  sony was disappointing . 
  square enix looked tight on a budget . 
  nintendo was nintendo . 
  pc gaming was boring . 
  bethesda did it just right . 
  how would they catch you ? 
  the legend says , that the healing potions in old books ( which are used widely in video games ) were mere alcoholic liquids that , when drank , game the user a feeling of pain going away . 
  that means , you ca n't earn them in multiplayer . 
  that is because it would be very easy to cooperate with your friends to get some of the trophies . 
  like the helicopter assassination one . 
  i only played ffi and ffii . 
  ffi was better than ffii , so that was an easy vote . 
  some games have trophy stats . 
  it would be fairly difficult to adapt it to the psn trophy service , tho . 
  does that car even have all wheel drive ? 
  are those skyy vodka bottles down there ? 
  an all text survey . 
  you will get like 5 entries . 
  but this looks like , it could n't be made otherwise . 
  so bad , people are such lazy creatures . 
  you are right . 
  there is like 0.5 % chance that you will even have the time to aim . 
  but the police in my country usually shoot at the legs first , so i figured i 'd include it . 
  by the way , i hope nobody takes this as an advice . 
  you should never take an advice from internet . 
  it could be all lies . 
  yeah ... there is a lot of things wrong in this small country of ours . 
  every time a police officer discharges a weapon outside training , he has to fill a large form and is then taken to some kind of trial where he has to explain why he had to use his weapon . 
  one time a guy in stolen car was chased by police , the policeman shot the car twice before the thief stopped the vehicle . 
  after that , the policeman was charged with harming someone else 's possession and was suspended for like a month . 
  also , he had to pay the owner of the car for repairs . 
  but do n't take my comment as a professional advice . 
  always read up on the laws in you state/country . 
  of course , it was extremely dangerous to anybody in the vicinity . 
  this kind of cowboy , car chase shooting is never a good idea . 
  but the context was something along the line that the carjacker has taken the vehicle by force , injuring the driver . 
  still it was pretty reckless . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  people sometimes ... 
  please check out nitecore tube before you make your purchase . 
  it is incredible . 
  except the `` keep them cheap '' , you could buy them zebralights , two 18650 accumulators and a nitecore i2 charger . 
  that would solve your problem . 
  i am sure there are cheaper alternatives of similar quality , but i am not that knowledgeable of the flashlight market right now . 
  edit : grammar, 
  62 entries , and only 13 people upvoted ? 
  it is actually a water cooling fluid . 
  good choice either way !, 
  antijokes is the new todayilearneed . 
  its a silent kiler lana !, 
  preach the vita brother . 
  i have a white ps4 , so that . 
  american cars from 1990 era are highly prone to breaking down . 
  yeah ... a service manual, 
  have a ps vita . 
  wait , rtg are at e3 ? 
  why were n't chapters mentioned in one of the conferences ? 
  sony had a chapters reveal in 2013 and update in 2014 . 
  uuuhhhh ... not today . 
  man , 750 ti is just so rad . 
  what did he like the most ? 
  carol ? 
  five !, 
  oh yeah , i just listened to clarity , stargazer and this moment and i have to say , those were the times . 
  also , check arctic empire channel . 
  most dope . 
  did not expect the lightsabers . 
  also did not expect for them to be that well made . 
  a struuuuung independent womyn !, 
  these military machines are more and more resembling a metal gear ray . 
  those hungarians . 
  still rockin ' those \u0160koda felicias . 
  they like to play their games on a ps4 , but want to have a better experience . 
  let 's laugh at them !, 
  imagine a museum that is just and empty room ... 
  it 's called afk and you go there to sit at a keyboard . 
  what kind of sense does that make ? 
  hahaha that ant man set with thouse `` giant '' bricks . 
  i got ta get that one .
