  also i love the part in the city , and the become a wizard quest ... yeah , i love every bit of the game . 
  hmmmm i do n't remember where this scene is from , from the book . 
  plus the graphics are still pretty great . 
  so much great content to watch . 
  i am so happy . 
  right ? 
  i love it !, 
  i 'll go to sleep at like 9 pm and then get up at 3 , clone my screen to my tv in front of my bed and open snacks and beer . 
  all that without getting out of my bed and waking anybody up . 
  i always feel like a kid again . 
  well , if you have nothing important that day at school , you can just skip the day . 
  but today 's graphics are pretty great . 
  oh edc please do n't become the next big thing . 
  revolver ocelot manipulates everyone and we somehow end up in vladivostok , forming a new zanzibar . 
  right ? 
  next up is titanium , brass ... 
  all the great games of our childhood live on in our vitas . 
  the neckbeard to normal person ratio here is approx . 
  he is probably autistic or something like that . 
  i have 3 autistic friends and this is the kind of shit they would do . 
  they also watch gore porn and love things like rats eating a dead body . 
  also lava , boy do they love lava . 
  what the fuck 's a geoffrey ? 
  i thought he was doing crunches . 
  then i saw his buttcheeks pointing upwards and was like wtf . 
  does she think , she is a rapper with all those moves ? 
  one of the best games ever made . 
  i played it 5 times through in a row . 
  everytime with a different ending . 
  story wise on par with mgs . 
  ahhh the double deuce . 
  uhhh , i went to school with them . 
  i 'm thinking ... yes , maybe . 
  if a third party manufacturer made a boombox for 2015 ford cars , and you saw someone on the internet crying that they ca n't use it in their 2014 chevy , would you think that it is n't fair ? 
  that just does n't make sense . 
  this backfires on me so frequently . 
  as a cripple , i can drink to that . 
  so , treat others like you think they would like to be treated . 
  how the hell do you vote ? 
  pretty good survey . 
  i actually had to use my head . 
  did you just clone stamp the sensitive shit ? 
  dr. birthday boy !, 
  so the plan is to halo in and put a basketball sized holes in enemy soldiers ? 
  heh , you sure can handle your normies . 
  is your brother in law 's name by any chance ramsay ? 
  hard drives . 
  do you play on pc ? 
  i 've tried it with my ds4 and it works normally . 
  the ds4 mimics x360 controller through a program , so the pc sees x360 controller . 
  must be some issue with the x360 controller hardware . 
  read more here :, 
  that is some dankass power . 
  `` you gon ' get got , boy ! '', 
  he is the one man , who does n't fuck around with girls for fun . 
  burn them all !, 
  oh i love la defance in the back . 
  also the morning sun + fog is magical . 
  most def brings some feels . 
  i also recognize how priviliged my gender is , and i love it . 
  `` herr , warum you riding at nacht ? '', 
  `` to feel . '', 
  `` ach so !, 
  ahhhh , mgs ca n't be left out . 
  yes !, 
  the first game was the best . 
  you can argue how you want , but damn . 
  that is n't just a game . 
  that is art . 
  how it showed `` hideo '' in the green text in the corner of the crt tv . 
  those were the times . 
  right ? 
  i would much rather have a long list of genres , or just electronic/accoustic and then pop/rock/jazz / hip hop . 
  i listen to liquid dnb and the likes . 
  there is no category for me . 
  also rap is just a part of hip hop . 
  it 's the gene/meme/scene issue . 
  read more in mgs . 
  plus it is made by the people who make arma and operation flashpoint . 
  top kek . 
  our beagle once jumped down from a platform and messed up her lower back . 
  been keeping the tail low . 
  maybe the same thing . 
  it is most likely seen in cars with rapid rpm fall . 
  the injectors are letting in a rich mixture for high rpm but the engine is already running with low rpm . 
  most rally car engines behave this way . 
  in my opinion , having any portable version of bl2 is better than having no version of portable bl2, 
  buy the vita . 
  you will finally see what a happy life you can lead . 
  i got 1000g in it on my 360 and also completed the main game on ps3 . 
  after that i still enjoy it on my vita . 
  bought it for full price with no regrets . 
  there are two types of people . 
  the ones who like the game and the ones who do n't . 
  that 's the whole truth . 
  that fuel consumption is some wtf material . 
  well , coming from pc i can see why you would think that the game is so much worse . 
  but coming from the old consoles , it was n't such a drastic difference . 
  of course the vita version is the worst one , but i still love it . 
  truer words have never been spoken .
