  `` it was all a ruse . 
  you 've been played . 
  just like the damn fiddle . 
  all those years finding madmen for you to fight , just to keep you away from the real criminals . 
  the ones above all else . '', 
  bruce drops the glass , shattering it on the floor . 
  he ca n't breathe . 
  `` what ... who are you ? '', 
  the mysterious man turns around . 
  `` i am the six bullets in the revolver . 
  i am the patriots . 
  like the prophets once said, 
  hmmmm the crown is on the left side of the face . 
  is ... is there the outskirts of vizima like in the first game ? 
  i loved that place . 
  haze commercial . 
  `` do you want to make a difference in this world ? '', 
  yes yes i do !, 
  `` too bad the game is shit '', 
  no more bullets, 
  whispers in the air, 
  of the brothers gone, 
  i 'm nuuuucleaaaar, 
  well , at least you 're handsome . 
  i think they are aiming to release book 3 before e3 . 
  that way , sony can also show some `` first look '' footage of dreamfall : chapters on the ps4 . 
   currently working on porting the game to new platforms ( along with a couple of other things ), 
  i 'm breaking up , inside, 
  how do, 
  how do you like the octavia ? 
  i live near the city where they make them . 
  pretty solid cars . 
  kind of expensive though . 
  even though a party crawler , rainbow moon is awesome . 
  you leave the starting island after like 25 hours . 
  endgame starts after 70 hours and i have platinumed it after 105 hours . 
  after that playtime , there were still some bosses and locations to explore , but i had to clear up some space on my memory card . 
  oh and it 's sequel comes out soon !, 
  oh , that 's right . 
  he sure showed those normies . 
  let 's identify the watch !, 
  sure not a $ 15 watch for 50gbp . 
  you ca n't use others saves for your account on ps4 . 
  you can play 7 mgs games on vita . 
  it 's what got me into mgs, 
  mmmmm i forgot about mgs1 vr . 
  is that an ad for new sets , video game or a movie ? 
  burn the forest down ? 
  i guess you want to keep your composition . 
  i nailed my girlfriend in it . 
  worked wonders . 
  is the name some kind of joke on graph theory ? 
  you mean the riksha ? 
  tuk-tuk was a name of a riksha in just cause 2 . 
  of fuxking course the youtube screenshot is in czech . 
  it 's always the czechs . 
  every time a new game comes out , i wish it comes out on my precious little vita . 
  i remember the track that had like all seasons and was really long . 
  also the ford concept car was awesome . 
  i still always picked a car called isdera or something like that . 
  had greatest top speed . 
  his name should be stannis though . 
  how about soldiers ? 
  i call a $ 50 timex a real watch . 
  do you think a basic timex is more proper than his fossil ? 
  the analogy you put out corresponds with the definition of timex watches . 
  not designer and from a company that is almost 100 % focused on timepieces . 
  nah man , la defance does n't even compare . 
  plus nyc is stated in the title . 
  i upvoted you though . 
  made me chuckle . 
  it looks like some sci-fi construction . 
  i would gladly switch my life for a life of a simple fisherman in this place . 
  i agree with you . 
  man , my friend came around last weekend and we went swimming , and he had this armani watch that was like $ 2000 ( i know this because i was with him in the shop like 6 years ago ) . 
  after we went home to watch archer and drink copious amounts of alcohol , he noticed his watch did n't work . 
  `` must be the battery again '' he said . 
  meanwhile , my weekender has lost 2 seconds since i set it 3 months ago . 
  doing research really pays off when buying anything . 
  i think i do n't . 
  damn , i might want to take my wish back . 
  i already know which one is titan . 
   the draw distance is the same , but the lod is not, 
  - i guess othello, 
  i 'd gladly do that . 
  giving a right of way , when it 's them who have the right of way . 
  i always do n't take the right of way and just stare and them while shaking my head . 
  i get pissed off everytime . 
  oh , i thought it was the big black one . 
  but , can you pull those boots off ? 
  lim ( x -  infinity ) ( potatoes ), 
  the music in this scene is awesome . 
  i bought it in march 2014 . 
  i just felt like buying a new device . 
  that turned out to be my love and life . 
  that sounds like a scene from archer . 
  mmmmm love me some timex . 
  sure , it is not some fancy schmancy timepiece like patek , but it is exactly what you want , when you need to do hard work . 
  tags : baby , dragged , through , garbage , by , wild , streethogs, 
  you 're a kid now , you 're a squid now !,
