  both the leatherman and the victorinox are cheaper to buy from us plus shipping . 
  the only risk is , that it will get lost somewhere on the borders ... 
  alright . 
  i am just worried about turning into a mall ninja . 
  well , when i was cutting my motorbike 's sparkplug wire in the middle of nowhere , it could certainly use more rounded belly . 
  it did it 's job , but could have been easier without all that tanto thing going on . 
  yeah , i have already looked into some kershaws . 
  thank you for a reply though . 
  syke , that 's the wrong numbah !, 
  so you are the microsoft ceo ? 
  i hope chad makes another video . 
  meh , paid for xbox live might as well pay for this . 
  i feel bad for the shop now :(, 
  where can i watch the direct ? 
  thank you, 
  tastes like normal beer . 
  huricane on jamaica or something like that . 
  there is a fight on the pirate ship deck , and the guy under the deck sees it and decides that he should just go to bed . 
  i guess they were from czech republic, 
  maybe . 
  the dude . 
  seriously , that carpet tied the room together . 
  i wrote fifa, 
  so , how many of you old bastards selected famicom as their first console ? 
  edit : i fucked up . 
  i really enjoyed this video , but can somebody tell me what is this show about ? 
  at first , i thought your change container were shotgun shells, 
  this man is a beast !, 
  so did you already put in the preorder of ps4 ? 
  how do you not live in a river ? 
  my girlfriend . 
  the money just keeps flowing . 
  been playing since famicom , never played soc, 
  you like to live dangerously, 
  is there a video ? 
  got a fever ? 
  democracy, 
  that shit is depressing, 
  it started with a completely broken man , and got even worse . 
  i would like to read that book too , but i fear i would get even more depressed . 
  one of the best movies i 've seen , though . 
  that speech was insanely deep , though . 
  how the hell do you pause the game on ps4 ? 
  i am intermediately skilled in php and kinda advanced in mysqli pdo , but i really do n't want to see any more code after of working on a code . 
  keep it up , though !, 
  so what should i use for my possible cuts ? 
  i trust only the things that hurt like a bitch . 
  we are dead . 
  a heart . 
  that shit is like $ 200 000 these days . 
  i got redirected to some naked class photo . 
  what the hell ... 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  what the hell , this actually looked real . 
  i carry some kind of uzi ballpoint pen or whatever . 
  and i just love how heavy it is . 
  i like heavy pens . 
  the skinning device on the other end does n't interrest me . 
  holy shit . 
  this is awesome . 
  i would be glad to end up on the floor for these, 
  this is outrageous !, 
  are you an elderly person ? 
  i just got a pug , and that dog just ca n't live on it 's own . 
  it pees everywhere inside , and when you try to tell it , it ca n't do that , it just fears you for the rest of the day . 
  you really like to surround yourself with things that make it difficult to get any work done . 
  i want to buy a backpack for my pug , but i do n't know where to look . 
  and what is the changelog of said update ? 
  i would just take her to wendy 's , eat like a motherfucker , letting her starve and when i ask sometime again where does she want to go , she will pick the place . 
  trust me, 
  i really never got mad about this . 
  even my friends can have some fries when we eat out . 
  it just means less unhealthy food for me . 
  get an ambilight tv and hook that shit up to the leds, 
  fucking taxes man . 
  not cool . 
  enslaved had one of the best stories, 
  i was impressed by that wall slide, 
  finally he has a longer bow, 
  edc up in this bitch, 
  this is now on the second place in my list of biggest twists . 
  just after fight club, 
  step three ? 
  you just got downvoted for a polite comment . 
  the world we are living in ... 
  what ? 
  39000 rubles is like $ 2000 now, 
  hell no . 
  i had more respect for microsoft when they stood their ground . 
  people like this were microsoft 's target audience before the revolt . 
  i have that feeling that somwhere there should be the alpha protocol, 
  i wish they will not screw up the next generals and that there will be a true cnc3 sequel . 
  i agree . 
  that shit was just too heavy ... 
  i am worried about spiders . 
  one of the very few people my country can be proud of . 
  ha\u0161ek was a bomb too . 
  well i guess we have some other people , we can be proud of . 
  did anyone say safe ? 
  `` love you babe .
