  ... okay, 
  come on . 
  i have seen waaaay shittier movies that than drive . 
  i know drive was n't some top notch shit , but did you really find it worse than some b movies ? 
  equip the frog mask . 
  well hello there good lookin ', 
  there is no skyrim on ps4, 
  yeah . 
  there is always some quote about the attributes of the mask . 
  you can look up the stats online . 
  i would tap that, 
  hahaaaa what a dumb fuck, 
  shemale masterrace !, 
  a goddamn shooter sandwich !, 
  what is the original pic ? 
  a true citizen of / r/drunk, 
  are there really some occasions where attractive girls in bikini drink alcohol ? 
  and it happens on a couch , in a nice apartment ? 
  does this really happen ? 
  you see , by the time this video is taken , they should be drinking tea . 
  not beer . 
  so there is your answer for your uk related question . 
  what is this about ? 
  human milk ? 
  2008 internet . 
  jon lajoie and team fortress 2 without hats . 
  oh those were the days . 
  as an oddball here , these are the games i enjoyed :, 
  uncharted golden abyss, 
  rainbow moon, 
  metal gear solid hd collection, 
  borderlands 2, 
  tearaway ( oh man , that was some spiritual experience ), 
  `` there was always something i wanted to be , and finally in this advanced age , i managed to be it . '', 
  `` an american citizen ? '', 
  `` free . '', 
  i did, 
  i did, 
  whoa whoa whoa !, 
  is that like a squel ? 
  holy shit , that is awesome . 
  i play rainbow moon all the time now . 
  i have 68 hours of playtime and lvl 59 . 
  that game is soooo good . 
  what the hell ? 
  is there like regular archer , raptor archer and a mixup archer ? 
  how come nobody mentioned mgs ? 
  it is the story driven game ( games ) . 
  how about mace fucking windu ? 
  i have to reupload part 2 though . 
  why did youtube mess it up ? 
  edit : done !, 
  all three part should be displaying correctly now . 
  i would love to see your videos !, 
  i used my ( in that time awesome ) sony ericsson k750i to capture the shots . 
  good times . 
  i have even more , but they are mostly fx tests , like with fire , lightsabers , teleportation etc. 
  * hexcopter, 
  please try the book of unwritten tales . 
  there is the original , then a prequel , and a sequel is just releasing on pc . 
  i am still playing rainbow moon . 
  72 hours in , and i still did n't reach the end game content . 
  the best part is : the rainbow moon official website cites `` up to 40 hours of gameplay '' . 
  you are like leaving the first island after 40 hours . 
  i bought the official ps vita travel pack . 
  and man , you ca n't go wrong with that . 
  it stores : vita , 4 cartridges or memcards ( plus the ones in the vita ) , headphones + psvita powerbank ( with cable ) or two psvita powerbanks ( with cable ) or headphones + psvita charger ( with both cables ) and a friggin cellphone . 
  also it is very well made and you can throw it on the ground without damaging your vita . 
  you also get a plastic cartridge/memcard tray , screen protector , cloth , 2 lanyards . 
  hotline miami . 
  i think it runs 60 . 
  yeah . 
  since i got my vita , i have been going to bed at like 10 pm and continue to play until the battery dies at about 2:30 . 
  the best part of my day . 
  i do n't like this . 
  and i do n't know why . 
  that poor new bmw . 
  sterling archer thinks it is pretty awesome . 
  shapes the world to his liking . 
  so everything is pretty cool but also anoying . 
  more like does n't need preparation . 
  she looks so ... smooth . 
  pretty cool, 
  tesla is still bitching ' . 
  the whole game is pretty inconsistent in terms of difficulty . 
  sometimes you wipe the enemy in one round and second time you have to level up 10 times to be able to beat a same level enemy . 
  welp , i 'd go for it . 
  milo 's awesome . 
  i would if i could . 
  well i have a $ 100 ka-bar but that is like a mandatory thing for a knife enthusiast . 
  how durable are these things ? 
  does it develop some amount of blade play ? 
  i always loved quality otfs . 
  but dat price tho . 
  for messy jobs sure , you are better off with a mora than a $ 300 zt . 
  honey do n't give a shit . 
  so does sugar . 
  was n't that inline 4 ? 
  i 'd say . 
  i do n't think there have been any v4s .
