  well , 1080p with gtx 750ti is still better than my ps4 . 
  glad to see the old lady 's still bringin ' the heat . 
  shawshank was set in maine ? 
  that is a long way to mexico . 
  this is basicaly while ( true ) . 
  do you not value your life ? 
  literally all ? 
  neither do i. 
  always . 
  that is the way to success . 
  it depends on the weight of the last word . 
  what a thrill ... 
  i like models too . 
  well , i race 1:28 rc cars and fly rc planes , so there ai n't much moddeling done . 
  i could use someone like you , my pug is absolutely ignorant to my training . 
  but i guess you deal with much bigger beasts that pugs , heh . 
  here in czech republic for example . 
  you have to pass exams like for a driving licence . 
  the la li le lu lo ? 
  that is like just across the pacific ocean . 
  them losi cars look insane . 
  are they electro or gas ? 
  pls, 
  baymax would be proud . 
  what 's wrong with hiss ass ? 
  yeah , it 's like the guacamelee super turbo championchip edition . 
  i bought it physicaly without playing the demo . 
  i just saw a trailer and i was like . 
  yeah , i need this . 
  then i made it rain swastikas then penises , then i finished the game , felt super emotional and lastly i platinumed it in networking class . 
  what a fantastic game . 
   live forever, 
   have watch with my death countdown, 
  matte white , mobile , slim . 
  all she needs is an acer chromebook . 
  i have seen a lot . 
  but this made me the most happy . 
  man , that arrested guy is one good looking fella . 
  and i am not into guys . 
  why do people steal bikes ? 
  do n't tell me you would n't . 
  there is one thing on the mcdonald 's menu i hate and that is the breakfast bullshit . 
  i do n't understand . 
  is he raising money to buy pc for himself ? 
  this is like a normal monday on / r/archery . 
  well , this one is the best so far . 
  who the hell hates pugs ? 
  i know about 5 consoles that can do 1080p . 
  that is not a master race resolution . 
  who did 9/11 ? 
  the la le li lu lo ? 
  check / r/edc for further assistance . 
  masturbation, 
  never played them . 
  i think they are there just to make vita sell better . 
  are you skallagrim ? 
  imagine stumbling onto this video while browsing random youtube videos while high . 
  what is bad about it ? 
  i saw it on the app store . 
  looked cute . 
  holy shit , my dad gave me a very similar looking knife . 
  the flashlight was all the same , the pivot screw was the same . 
  i 'd be damned if it was n't made by he same people . 
  mine read on the blade `` golden elephat patent 30051584-7 '' . 
  please respond . 
  you a dankass fella . 
  i ca n't see the wire :(, 
  all the units did massive damage while having almost no armor . 
  felt like a game of shit glass chess . 
  wow i did n't know that atheism was so sparse . 
  i have lived in the czechoslovakia/czech republic for my whole life , so i thought that was a norm . 
  i love this car . 
  is n't it basically beast mode '87 regal ? 
  cool stuff . 
  i played the shit out of tiberium wars and especially kane 's wrath . 
  every week , i watched battlecast primetime . 
  i loved the community , i love the game to this day . 
  i thought , the console versions would just bring in more money for future games and also more fans . 
  and maybe they did . 
  then red alert 3 happened . 
  played it , even the datadisc ( at least no dlc crap ) . 
  it was n't what i lovd about westwood games , but still enjoyable . 
  but when they tried that cnc4 bullshit , it was all over . 
  i am surprised that there is still a market for the platforms . 
  i have a pc that can run gta v better than any of the consoles . 
  and yet , i have a ps4 and we also have an xbox one in the house . 
  i almost never play on the pc . 
  it is for work , and for exclusives . 
  i just like consoles . 
  i do n't know man . 
  pc is better at everything , but i was just born this way . 
  yeah . 
  they fucked their shit . 
  heh , you never know who is joking and who is not in this subreddit . 
  i read your comment again , knowing that it is a joke and i chuckled . 
  also , i see that you do n't have a vita . 
  you should give it a go . 
  hey , i am just dumb and do n't know this stuff . 
  but thanks for the explanation . 
  really , i did n't know older consoles still have such a strong presence .
