  feed him some salmon oil , you will thank me later . 
  i just do n't know what feeling depressed feels like , and i wanted to know if there is a way out . 
  we got beer , hot girls and coruption . 
  all a man in a man 's world can dream of . 
  you sound like somebody from fear and loathing in las vegas . 
  it lessens the hair sheding . 
  i really recommend it . 
  why does everyone have this scale ? 
  my diabetic brother in law uses it . 
  and we live in czech republic . 
  i guess it is just mass produced and shipped worldwide to tescos etc. 
  only valid story game answer . 
  ahhh what a car that was . 
  my mother had one with a rallye bodykit . 
  i still do n't understand why was it modded . 
  he probably viewed pornuj.cz, 
  she was n't a very good teacher . 
  shakira clearly sounds like she has a dick in her throat . 
  are you subscribed to r/edc ? 
  you are , are n't you . 
  not even the black people in the western alaska ? 
  i was hoping for bran embracing his warg powers and entering the bodies of the former night watch . 
  that would be glorious . 
  right on, 
  fries . 
  it 's really that expensive ? 
  let 's hope he 'll never need glasses . 
  there was a nosleep story like this . 
  not with that attitude, 
  you should n't sleep with plants in the same room . 
  installing updates . 
  any updates , windows updates , appstore updates , firmware updates , yo name it . 
  just the feel of improving something , fixing the bugs , making it closer to perfect . 
  i love updates . 
  as a guy who ca n't use one of his legs . 
  this gives me hope . 
  `` student got serious papercuts during arts class . 
  we are suing the company which made tearaway '', 
  can someone draw the battle with pneumonia please ? 
  ash would be in top ten no problem . 
  then you run out of bandages and start to bleed . 
  man , fuck the safe . 
  this is an awesome catch !, 
  so how did the dogecar do ? 
  thank you !, 
  my pug is also named rocky !, 
  oh my god , he 's a fucking pyromancer, 
  is the gallery somehow a commercial for watches ? 
  yes , that 's the essence of it . 
  the longest journey and dreamfall : the longest journey, 
  i use medical alcohol pads and cotton . 
  earth 's population would go ape shit crazy . 
  yeah , i downloaded it as a psn + bonus , played it for like 1 hour and then deleted it . 
  he 's from the oasis dlc . 
  spiders, 
  blowjobs . 
  bit then again , i only recieved bjs from my current girlfriend . 
  i love his fantasy swords in real life series . 
  quality movie and game reviews . 
  does interviews at e3 and other game shows . 
  and his presentation style is very enjoyable . 
  it is known . 
  so how did you kill him/her ? 
  she never asked for this . 
  as i look at the screenshots , i realized how much better the graphics would look , if enemies had at least some basic shadows underneath them . 
  could you be less fat ? 
  now we are asking the important questions . 
  what is the purpose of that ? 
  so clean , so beautiful . 
  when on the live area . 
  tap the refresh button at the top and wait if another icon with an orange circle will appear . 
  if it does , tap it to install patches . 
  how did you get the trex into the game ? 
  i have some of those . 
  i want to be 10 again ... 
  i want at least one announcement for vita . 
  it might be . 
  i do n't know anyone who does . 
  oh how i love snub nosed dogs . 
  yeah , if you play via remote play on vita you have simplified controls . 
  well , using vita as a controller would be your best bet i guess . 
  since everything is easy to press and things like pressing the analog sticks are delivered through touch surfaces on the front and back of the device . 
  as an anime ignorant person . 
  this one just felt like another popcorn kids movie . 
  fear and loathing in las vegas . 
  i mean , it has johny depp , drugs , medications , dr. gonzo , reptiles , mint 400 and a quart of tequila . 
  it takes a special kind of man to understand what is so beautiful about that movie . 
  i do n't know what the difference between cartoon and anime is . 
  also i live in eastern europe so no netflix for me . 
  welp , ho ho ho a pirates ' life for me , i guess, 
  i had a knife like this from s&w for $ 33 and it was a piece of shit . 
  so if this is any cheaper i would n't trust my life to it . 
  there is definitely a kershaw for a reasonable price with these tools . 
  and avatar tla is n't japanese ? 
  ah , so that 's why i was confused . 
  thanks !, 
  and stream on my 200kb/s donwload speed internet . 
  i think i will rent the first season on a dvd . 
  i gave my love , not for honour , but for youuuuuuu dum dum dumdum, 
  do you know how much does it cost in eastern europe ?
