  huh , i have just a 750 ti and it runs over 60 fps most of the time . 
  hope they do something about those amd optimizations . 
  currently i am clocking at 25 hours after completing book 3 . 
  and i am a completionist , so i leave no stone unturned . 
  not saying there is much to do in the game sadly . 
  also kao the kangaroo !, 
  people talk about it all the time . 
  it even has an ios version now . 
  my favourite game of all time . 
  hahaha , i remember this as the first split screen game i played . 
  i loved the jeep with inflatable tires . 
  the game is officially patched and free to play now . 
  there is a whole website dedicated to it from the publisher . 
  stuntman ignition on the 360 was super awesome !, 
  i got all achievements twice including all dlc achievements . 
  all the levels with 100 % string it . 
  ahhh good times . 
  that giraffe lion king level was so friggin ' hard . 
  i liked 2003 more . 
  the second game was the worst of all the dmc games . 
  it was great !, 
  but the other ones are better imo . 
  fucking inclines . 
  there is even a video about them . 
  i played it as a little boy and spent whole nights dreaming about having those `` green stone '' powers . 
  that was a game inspired by stephen king !, 
  watch a video on youtube about it on a ragnarrox channel . 
  there are a lot of games like this . 
  try the longest journey saga . 
  my favorite games of all time . 
  loved it too !, 
  delgado was my favorite character . 
  i mean , a chaingun with a dragon strapped to one arm and a fucking .50 pistol in the other ? 
  also his quotes were awesome . 
  you kill like 100 demons and he is like `` just another day in the office . '', 
  only the last boss with the firstborn child was kinda weird . 
  i am too poor to answer this question . 
  but i guess that $ 1000 pcie ssd will never hang because of it 's speed . 
  ahhh yes , the crysis of the movie world . 
  people usually think that it was mediocre . 
  i sure hope big hero 6 is in your exceptions list . 
  the music and visuals were great tho, 
  i think it is great . 
  but that might be because i love the actors in it . 
  also a movie about irish in usa always has a place in my heart . 
  what do n't you like about it . 
  i mean it is not an oscar material , but not a bad flick . 
  that is the problem . 
  you did n't get it because there is nothing to get . 
  the dude abides . 
  do you like any wes anderson movie ? 
  i felt super depressed after seeing it . 
  already told ? 
  are there some other movies with the same plot ? 
  blazing saddles has some silly jokes , but i liked it anyway . 
  well except the ending `` twist '' . 
  if you compare it to the first movie , it is really a completely different thing . 
  i miss the old days . 
  right ? 
  some people just do n't like the stuff you do . 
  i do n't even know what purpose this thread serves . 
  dark humor ? 
  what the shit man . 
  that is disgusting . 
  also itt : movies not older that two years . 
  yeah ... 
  was the firstborn like the older brother/sister to adam and eve ? 
  man , that game was weird . 
  but it had a chick with sniper rifle and a chick with a sword and a guy with .50 pistol so what the hell . 
  i wonder if there will ever be another cliff barker game . 
  about hawkeye . 
  he is a better archer than legolas or green arrow . 
  totally underutilized in the movie . 
  what about the shoe ? 
  s\u00f6ldner x-2 or rainbow moon, 
  exgf - we are the hearts, 
  i think they gon na release the game when it is all finished . 
  cool , you can bring an axe !, 
  i loved it . 
  got 120 hours in it . 
  ca n't wait for rainbow skies . 
  guess i am not hard to please . 
  right ? 
  that game feels super floaty . 
  i love my 750 ti . 
  do not be sad , mate . 
  it looks like a 4chan thread wordcloud . 
  last few days , everything makes me want to play me . 
  mmmm new vegas memories pouring in . 
  my favourite :(, 
  ... first the ghost of past appeared out of a smoke with scent of blood . 
  a slouched man in a uniform , begging for mercy . 
  then , smog filled the room and a strong character formed from the thickest parts of the choking substance . 
  this ghost was different from the former . 
  it was tall and strong , but still with a face of desperation . 
  `` please , make it end . '', 
  begged the ghost of present . 
  after a while a deafening bang filled the room along with a sweet scented smoke of white , red and blue hue . 
  an eagle formed out of the tricilore smoke screen to the sound of ac/dc . 
  `` loud and free , motherfucker .
