  i know . 
  i thought i was being funny :(, 
  there is never enough mora . 
  legit shop . 
  got witcher 2 for like $ 3 . 
  no problems . 
  even the pissbottles are enormous !, 
  open the door, 
  seriously , this is a great video . 
  plus the narrator has the best voice . 
  * swoon *, 
  / r/edc, 
  an archetype of / r/edc, 
  you do n't have ball bearings between your skull and the skin ? 
  you mean ... 
  there are other versions ? 
  look for ragnarrox channel on youtube . 
  he is a professional . 
  damn i love ragnarrox, 
  i guess so . 
  650 runs it on medium-high . 
  so all tortoises are turtles , but not all turtles are tortoises . 
  got it . 
  every time there is a knife fight , someone gets cut/stabbed . 
  highpoint still stomps . 
  not sure , but i would guess so . 
  buy a super cheap game like fallout 3 and try it out . 
  how neat is this :, 
  \u2610 not at all, 
  \u2610 kinda, 
  \u2610 pretty, 
  haha , i make half that with my main job . 
  that is eastern europe for you i guess . 
  is it better then zebralight ? 
  that would be great . 
  i love everything nitecore , but i 've heard only praise about zebralight . 
  thanks , pal . 
  hunter wins round 4 . 
  he basically is psychedelics . 
  by utilizing half-swording technique , jon could just hit the right spot . 
  would need to get a window possibly thanks to ghost 's distraction , tho . 
  original mgs and all ff games for psp . 
  man , timex is the poor man 's friend . 
  never let me down . 
  30m water resistance ? 
  you can snorkel with it no problem . 
  rainbow moon, 
  glad to hear that !, 
  played it for 15 minutes or so . 
  i do n't know what the hell is the game about story wise . 
  if you do n't have an ssd , you should buy an ssd . 
  is that a fucking vista ? 
  does anyone have a clue why the logo is there ? 
  i think tresher maw was in an artwork . 
  huh , one would think that they would need some kind of approval . 
  me too, 
  nah , i have this sterling shepard which i play as sterling archer would . 
  ` nam will do that to ya, 
  is that a hipoint for fuck 's sake ? 
  the god of inconvenience . 
  you did n't put them in , but hiro and baymax would stomp . 
  did you work on other games by fishlabs ? 
  i loved blades & magic , would give anything for a smartphone version . 
  also deep was a pretty great project . 
  aaaah elementary school . 
  we would sit around with our sony ericsson phones and play java games all day . 
  that is great !, 
  i love all the fishlabs games . 
  robot alliance was a breakthrough for sure . 
  also planet riders were the first 3d racing game with a bluetooth multiplayer i think . 
  sorry , i got way too excited , heh . 
  warning !, 
  you should n't place a laser printer to your living quarters , or at least where you sleep . 
  it makes funny stuff to your respiratory systems . 
  what the fuck is it with that kid ? 
  there are dozens of dead kids a day if you know where to look . 
  why does this one get all the publicity ? 
  do you like the slim better than the og vita ? 
  come on , my pc can run all the me games on 100 + fps and i have a 750 ti . 
  even on low details , you should be able to play the games . 
  where the fuck are those pics ? 
  i made it rain swastikas . 
  order is magnificent, 
  `` i already did that , when i told my mom and dad to go see that new opera ... '', 
  what did it say ? 
  the batarian who claims that humanity is a plague . 
  nah , i would n't punch the dead ones . 
  colonel what 's a lego metal gear doing here ? 
  why does n't he use the road ? 
  is this some salmon ladder stephen amell type of philia ? 
  that they 're an alcoholic, 
  now that is a reference i have n't heard in a long time . 
  what ? 
  4 cylinders , pickup ? 
  baymax in a the battle suit could . 
  for $ 600 , you could get gtx 980 . 
  if the gt 730 was gt 740 , then the low demand gaming would be possible . 
  but , i guess if you set the visuals to low settings , you will be able to play some of those strategy games . 
  cpu is fine . 
  so maybe a 980 ti,
