yeah , every bookstore in uk is hyping it . 
  wonder if it 's gon na be good like those 3 previous ^ ^, 
  hope for that too . 
  and man , brom 's death ? 
  i was almost crying while reading , while in the movie ? 
  it 's just another actor off the screen - . -, 
  i really love that `` fuck that bitch '' quote, 
  is ti going on xbla ? 
  fuck , this should be in music subreddit , should n't it . 
  i am sooo sorry for the human body i am wearing . 
  you look like friggin ' wolverine in that shit ... 
  i like it !, 
  our country is n't very strict ^ ^, 
  okay :(, 
  actually my country did something useful for military , that asks for upvote . 
  sweeden is a beautiful country, 
  catch-22 is a great book !, 
  i see a lvl 50 conference call + the bee shield, 
  my cool nostalgic memory is pretty recent . 
  it was may 2012 and i was home alone on weekend , so i bought a bottle of scotch and played mgs3 for my first time ... that memory i will never forget . 
  trust me . 
  yeah , without any kills . 
  snake eater theme song, 
  well , if dungeon siege 3 was for pc then i would recommend that . 
  you might try as well dungeon siege 2 . 
  it is a pretty good rpg . 
  edit : it also has a pretty decent 4 player co-op . 
  all 3 games with one dlc only for 30 $ ? 
  what madman would n't buy that ? 
  i second your comment sir . 
  i find this post extremely laughable, 
  well i would say the same a week ago . 
  but since my first language is n't english i decided to turn them off in some relaxed games , just to get better in listening to it ... 
  but in some more serious , story driven games , i just have to let them on . 
  like , i ca n't even imagine playing mass effect without them !, 
  here is an unbelievable story : my friend once completed some game on ps3 ( ca n't remember which , and i am lazy to text him , but he wrote the game 's login details in the notes section of the manual book . ), 
  and then he sold it to buy another one . 
  after a year , he went to some other store to repurchase that game , just for the nostalgia and guess what . 
  he opened the case and it was the exact game !, 
  with login details written to the notes section !, 
  and it was n't some low selling game , it was something like infamous or killzone ... 
  i could n't believe it , but i was there when we opened the game after the purchase ... 
  oh my god . 
  i have an old black & white screen notebook under my bed with games like street 2 , golden axe , commander keen 1-7 and so on ... you just made my life better . 
  i never asked for this . 
  far cry 1 is best of them , because you fuck up men and some ugly beasts alike . 
  the main character is also pretty badass . 
  now far cry 2 is just a piece of trash . 
  the third installment is pretty awesome , you get all these perks , and this old dude who just likes to eat every shroom on the island and stuff ... 
  the first call of juarez was actually a good action adventure game !, 
  ok wtf , why ca n't i view images on imgur , linked on here on reddit ? 
  it just displays white blank page - . -, 
  well skyrim would be a logical choice here . 
  i figured that it works when i leave it just at imgur.com/dvxy5.jpg . 
  thanks for the help though . 
  well kinect is kind of a failure too . 
  and ps controler is not that bad . 
  where did you get that launcher ? 
  play walking dead they said . 
  it 's okay to cry they said ... 
  oh thank you . 
  i am still hunting down the mad dogs ' madhouse ... 
  i think they did a great job in mass effect 3 but that could work just with the headset . 
  well , arcade games like gunslinger or fruit ninja are superfun when party-gaming and/or high . 
  well , it is coming to the moment when my old 360 from 2005 will survive flawlessly until the dawn of the new xbox . 
  is there any reliable source for the `` upcoming xbox '' information , such as the in-built kinect one ? 
  i want for raptor car so bad !, 
  it is a shame that those cocksuckers are charging $ 100 000 for it here in europe ... 
  `` start in offline mode '', 
  i would force him to play shellshock 2 for the rest of his life . 
  one of the best game series . 
  i am still waiting for some kickass reboot . 
  well , everytime you are offline and see the `` start in offline mode '' button do not push it . 
  it is just a trap , it will never start in offline mode . 
  at least for me it did n't . 
  i do n't understand :'(, 
  witcher 2 got me so much , i played that bitch 2 times in a row . 
  but it . 
  yeah take advice from this guy . 
  i have played many games on my 360 in past 7 years and these are one of the best ones . 
  oh and if you have a heart of a true gamer , buy metal gear solid hd collection . 
  and if you and your roommate like to play together , buy some recent lego game , they are really fun to play !, 
  i got it after finding some stoned irish gentlemen . 
  just join random session , and then it is pretty easy , 
  cnc 3 was an awesome game . 
  well the title looks like you had to kill your mother for it :d sick set-up you got there man !, 
  yeah , i love imperia !, 
  what the hell bro ... :d kinda jelly though, 
  so you are 23 years old and before raptor and a fucking gtr you had corvette and lightning ... man you sure are not a procrastinator . 
  good job man , i love the matte paint on that f150 !, 
  that is sick . 
  i would like to get pulled over by that police camaro . 
  i would sail the shit out of that yacht . 
  still , lamborghini sign in your face . 
  i am 20 now and recently got my first car . 
  buick regal 1990 coupe . 
  i hope i will never have to give it up . 
  your stories made me almost cry . 
  mercedes-benz is standalone for sure . 
  they make big trucks and stuff .
