  i have unfortunately become a decent alcoholic at 17 and i decided to not take mtx anymore , because i did n't want to risk liver failure . 
  after 5 years it was time to man up and i stopped drinking almost completely . 
  now i am 23 and i have like one beer a week and i am on mtx again . 
  there have been almost no harm done to my organs according to my latest hospital results . 
  shooting an assault rifle . 
  needs a good story . 
  other than that , it will be pretty similar as the other games . 
  i use almost only the bow anyway . 
  dammit steve . 
   i thought the bush would slow down the speed enough . 
  9/11 confirmed, 
  you could get a 750 ti for like $ 100 . 
  it runs all the games you listed on high-ultra . 
  no , i would n't go under 8gb . 
  but you do n't need more than a 300 watt psu with this get up . 
  rdr on pc . 
  nuff said . 
  electricity, 
  star wars battlefront beta . 
  what a great game that is . 
  it does n't at all feel like a battlefield reskin . 
  and oh my god , that ui is so clean and handsome . 
  i love how simple everything is . 
  you get one gun , you shoot guys that look different than you and that 's it . 
  sure you have some objectives , vehicles etc. 
  but overall the game feels so clean . 
  never much liked battlefield games because most of the time i get killed by an enemy that i did n't even see . 
  i know i am a pretty shitty bf player , but that always bothers me . 
  in battlefront , it always feels fair . 
  also playing as luke is totally awesome . 
  you get these 3 powers that you can use and that 's it . 
  you do n't need more . 
  you just play the game . 
  no hassle . 
  i give it a lot/10 . 
  peugeot . 
  still shit . 
  a bus ticket to school in the morning . 
  so if aliens made contact and asked us how old we are , we would n't be able to tell them ? 
  why did you want to sell your supra ? 
  just asking , because i would never let go of a car like that . 
  i always think i am gon na die when i hit the road . 
  that way , i will not be unpleasantly surprised when i do . 
  why was the guy tagged as wickededge ? 
  does it have something to do with the sharpening system ? 
  i did that solo . 
  pretty easy . 
  an unsurpassed nipon steel in action . 
  on internet, 
  is this some kind of 5 centimeters per second fan art ? 
  but eventually it does . 
  what the fuck are we doing in a middle of a goddamn galaxy ? 
  where did you see him play ? 
  definitely a mass relay or the citadel . 
  no big deal . 
  but think about the progress they will make in 1400 years ... 
  i do n't think that its good idea to try and communicate with other life forms that build structures as big as our fucking sun . 
  there might be hundreds of planets like ours , where sapient beings wage wars , do science etc. 
  like us . 
  it might not be a big deal to the megastructure building mofos , to discover our planet . 
  that is like when you walk through a forest and finding a frog that you do n't recognize . 
  for you it 's just another frog . 
  why even bother inspecting it ? 
  we can adance if you want to , we can leave your planet behind ... 
  right ? 
  but hell , i 'd like to fuck an alien chick before going away . 
  would love a text version . 
  i ca n't watch the video right now :(, 
  where are those school shootings when you need one ... 
  they see us as 1400 years ago . 
  yeah , i am a little bit on the fence about them . 
  that is where the vats step in . 
  is there a 1080p non tn panel with at least 120hz on the market ? 
  yeah , the citadel is just a few kilometers long . 
  this thing eclipses half the friggin ' star . 
  that is more probable . 
  a one massive structure is a lot harder to engineer than a lot of smaller ones . 
  i wish i was this social . 
  minigrip is also a good choice . 
  the superstructure is 1400 light years away . 
  i really want to believe . 
  trust me , i do . 
  but it has been proven oh so many times , that traveling in ftl speeds is impossible . 
  even though something like quantum entanglement breaks this in an essence , it is just a theoretical concept facing countless engineering problems . 
  and if the space giants are so above and beyond our perception of physics , then maybe we ca n't even imagine the reality they live in . 
  i understand what you are trying to say , tho . 
  well , child abuse reached new areas . 
  man , still life was great . 
  try alternativa . 
  both ended in slaughter . 
  man , you could just use the cpu graphic chip . 
  it 's ` aight . 
  right ? 
  if i score a nutella jar , i feel like hundred bucks . 
  my girlfriend has a chromebook with celeron , but it is written on the sticker , so i guess they do this with the better celerons . 
  damn machine is lighning fast . 
  ssd user here . 
  it takes like , few milliseconds . 
  what about murdered to death ? 
  just tested it with ctrl + alt + c.
