  he went all mgs on that shit . 
  yeah , that is the magic of disney, 
  as a driver of a late 1980s gm 3.1 l v6 , i am dissapointed by this trick . 
  oh the red forest in clear sky . 
  that shit was hard at night . 
  the photo is almost 100 years old . 
  just think about it , 100 year old photo of a massive city with skyscrapers , planes , diesel boats , taken from some kind of aircraft . 
  that is insane . 
  left building , roof . 
  fly it high , fly it proud !, 
  man , i love seattle . 
  always looks so melancholic . 
  every owl city up until midsummer station . 
  that shit is bad . 
  otacon , it stands for o'taco convention . 
  i actually did it one time . 
  felt pretty good . 
  there 's no offscreen in a book, 
  i am not here to argue . 
  have you read the history of middleearth ? 
  the book ? 
  because i have n't , i 've just seen some video about it on youtube and now i act like a smartass . 
  `` this is a ringblade ezio . '', 
  `` it is a ring and a blade . '', 
  if my parents died today . 
  this would still be the saddest thing for me today . 
  rainbow moon . 
  that game is massive . 
  the original sony travel kit . 
  it can hold charger and headphones + 4 games . 
  i have two original vita portable chargers plus a cable in it and it is just awesome . 
  google sony ps vita travel kit . 
  it will be the first link . 
  also the portable charger is a must have for your 9 hour flight . 
  it can charge your vita 1.5 x. 
  so on my old oled vita , i can get 10 hours of game time . 
  i ca n't sharpen shit with my sharpmaker :( do you have a one tip for using it ? 
  never heard of it . 
  but i am a filthy console gamer , so there is that . 
  you could try bringing up the console and typing in `` ai enable '' . 
  at least it worked in half life 2 back in the day . 
  thank you !, 
  also , how much pressure should i apply ? 
  i do n't know if you can tell me that . 
  it seems impossible to convert pressure to words . 
  my thinner blades flex when i sharpen them . 
  is that too much ? 
  is n't that a screencap of the video game ? 
  damn that 's a handsome fella on the right . 
  i do n't know why people say that it 's the worst of those 3 . 
  the red forest part is the most disturbing shit in the franchise . 
  you can finish your arrow marathon now . 
  great . 
  but i think we can give up on helldivers already . 
  damn , you are one coldass mofo . 
  the only correct response to her is : `` in your dreams , honey . '', 
  while striking a gay pose . 
  someone call kenny loggins, 
  can we still use the apps ? 
  does this mean , that just there will be no updates ? 
  i like it that near will stop working . 
  i am not a big fan of that . 
  hope the app gets deleted and frees some of that precious memory . 
  but seeing youtube go , that will be painful . 
  sorry man . 
  i just always felt like i was missing out on something for not using it . 
  and i hated using it . 
  so i apologize but that is just how i feel . 
  are you an / r/edc subscriber ? 
  i mean , that is as good of a reason as any . 
  well , this is it . 
  the most retarded planet we came across . 
  can we go home now marie ? 
  i really hope you learned your lesson today . 
  that makes sense . 
  did n't expect girl 's voice . 
  a push down the cliff, 
  that poor sucker, 
  i am sure that your pug is the boss of your dog gang , smokey is the hitman and that other fella is their money launderer aka accountant . 
   mfw no more tendies, 
  it 's ... pretty good . 
  but what grinds my gears is , when i want to look something up while gaming , and the page loads to 90 % and then displays an error , that the memory is full and then it starts to load again . 
  what the fuck does `` gate '' mean ? 
  apart from a large door . 
  thanks !, 
  luckily there have been no cancer in my family either . 
  i 've been on enbrel for 10 years now . 
  and i am more than happy with my immunity system . 
  thank god . 
  and thank you for reply . 
  thank you . 
  but do n't you think that it kinda does n't make sense ? 
  yes it is ra . 
  i am coping kinda well with it . 
  i try to stay in shape , i eat well , etc. 
  i am not more sleepy than my girlfriend , or any other person my age . 
  since i cut back on excesive drinking , i have registered that i now feel pretty healthy , eventhough i am riddled with ra . 
   i agree, 
  i almost forgot how it feels to experience such a thing on the internet . 
  calculate the limit .
