  - bane, 
  i bet the customer is a 50-something year old female that resembles a chicken . 
  does it tick louder than a weekender ? 
  have a good one skall . 
  nevada knows what 's up . 
  hmmmm i have ff1 and ff2 on my vita as some psp remake . 
  that is pretty darn good , i recon . 
  i see you rockin ' that 3,5 mm jack to mc reduction . 
  i use that a lot in my '91 buick . 
  there is a name for this kind of stories . 
  long and ending with a pun ... 
  i ca n't recall now tho . 
  / r/4x4, 
  / r/splitdepthgifs, 
  you heathen, 
  sometimes when it rains , i look out the window and wonder why did i murder my wife . 
  in photoshop you need to use ctrl+shift+z, 
  yeah , all adobe programs and some other too . 
  pretty useful . 
  my favourite . 
  it is so different from the rest of the game . 
  you can see how the 1 % ers live in the me universe . 
  they do n't care about the reaper threat . 
  they just want to make money , buy more expensive stuff . 
  just like in real life . 
  i ca n't explain it , but it is just so special to me . 
  yeah , well . 
  the apocalypse does n't recognize the wealthy and the poor . 
  i am still in awe that trump 2016 is a thing . 
  well , the new ones are actually decent cars . 
  i burst out laughing when i opened the picture . 
  pug faces are so funny . 
  and he is a dapper looking fella at that !, 
  have a good one boys and do n't let the deathclaws rip you to shreds . 
  nice !, 
  now i do n't have to pirate that piece of shit game . 
  did you try the reset in the options ? 
  oh my god . 
  it 's just a fucking game , guys . 
  no , but i can can escape the milky way with the help of the salarian collective and be on my way to andromeda by the time the shit goes down . 
  works for me bitches . 
  the boss did n't betray america . 
  it was all a part of the plan . 
  if i just moved out of boston , i would n't have to nuke the whole city nor kill my son . 
  it is damn great , i tell you what . 
  this is awesome !, 
  finally a picture that is n't from the lion , witch , wardrobe . 
  carrie bredshaw ( sex and the city ) vs. vella ( broken age ), 
  round 1 : vella takes this if she has the talking knife . 
  but in mano a mano i feel like carrie could easily overpower her . 
  vella seems so wimpy in the game . 
  round 2 : carrie, 
  round 3 : they both try to find out what the fuck is a power of friendship . 
  carrie has internet oh her macbook , so she finds out first , therefore wins . 
  round 4 : carrie stomps 10/10 . 
  round 5 : again carrie takes this . 
  vella is still a virgin , duh . 
  ps : this was almost napoleon solo ( the man from uncle ) vs. thomas ( thomas was alone ) , which would be more fun . 
  i have cancer !, 
  a real human bean, 
  poor tube :(, 
  kind of off topic , but is rainbow skies coming in q3 or q4 of 2016 ? 
  i can hardly wait . 
  what kind of tortoise is that ? 
  buy a large storage hdd , put all your stuff there . 
  plug in the ssd and clean install os . 
  format the old hdd and move the stuff there . 
  now return the new hdd you just bought and say something like you do n't have sata in your pc so they will give you your money back . 
  what were you smoking ? 
  like a million a day ? 
  i am no longer afraid of the dark , for i have bought a shitload of kickass flashlights . 
  fugin hell man . 
  thing 's like $ 200 where i live . 
  i need this . 
  what an awesome game . 
  also the dlc is totally worth it . 
  i second this . 
  tube is brilliant . 
  people also mod it heavily , so if you are the tinkering type you can do some great stuff with it . 
  pen as in penultimate and insula as in insulation . 
  almost-isolated . 
  i still do n't find it terrifying . 
  well , maybe the water level . 
  but that shit was just weird . 
  i got all the achievements in stuntman ignition . 
  then i lost my account and had to do it all over . 
  i managed to get 1000g the second time in like 10 hours . 
  it is hard in the beginning but it gets super easy later on . 
  well , that is the one game i think can not be completed without a guide . 
  oh i loved the village on the outskirts of vizyma . 
  i do n't know what , but that area was so mesmerizing for me . 
  what platform ? 
  i play it on vita and ps4 . 
  the game is 10x easier on the ps4 . 
  you can finish most of the death mode levels in under 100 tries . 
  of course . 
  just a single fucking ambush with rpg-7s and aa guns would totally destroy the hulking armors . 
  also the terror strategy would work really well , i recon . 
  but what if op meant the archer isis ? 
  could you pack them up and mail them to me for my lizard ?
