  damn , polan stronk . 
  am so sad now . 
  good solo . 
  pretty great with friends . 
  i was a little boy when i saw it . 
  i fell in love with anna sophia robb within the first minute of her on screen . 
  then i could n't fall asleep without crying for a week . 
  i love the scene where the girl makes tea in the train station . 
  so cozy and full of love . 
  that is a name i have n't heard in a loooong time . 
  usa usa usa usa usa, 
  me neither . 
  yeah , the matchmaking is pretty much fixed now . 
  you can choose a lot of options . 
  and there is a lot of people playing , since the game is on ps4 , ps3 and vita . 
  are you the archer show scenarist ? 
  after playing life is strange ( just the first episode tho ) and dreamfall : chapters , games from telltale feel really lacking . 
  there are the single `` specialization '' packs like `` support '' , `` commando '' etc. 
  these always contain a cosmetic item as well as one or more weapons , gadgets , etc. 
  you can also buy these in packs of three `` classes '' , which makes you pay the price of 2 of these `` classes '' for the price of two . 
  i have bought the first pack and i have been happy with the weapons it provided . 
  it is not necessary to buy them . 
  there are a lot of weapons , gadgets and other items in the basic game . 
  but hey , having a drone in your backpack that heals you automatically is pretty damn dank . 
  cool . 
  but if decide to invest in the dlc , never buy the standalone `` class '' . 
  it is n't worth the money . 
  always go for a pack . 
  also , welcome aboard patriot !, 
  well . 
  are you satisfied ? 
  could be brabant griffon, 
  why would a helicopter have surface-to-air weapons ? 
  there is a lot of this weird stuff around kyrat . 
  i do n't know what you found . 
  we need some expert on references to give us an explanation . 
  also i do n't understand why is this subreddit so empty . 
  there is so much to this game . 
  is that the one with the fight scene on a roof of high school building ? 
  where the guy brings makeshift nunchucks to school ? 
  * console gamers looking for someone to help them with trophies, 
  ff2 has the weird weapon skill levelling . 
  the first and the second game have almost the same graphics . 
  just the magic effects in ff2 are better in my opinion . 
  i am now playing through the second game and i am loving it !, 
  i want to finish the game without the `` attack yourself '' grinding . 
  i want to see how the game was meant to be played . 
  but yeah , the story is good and the mechanic for levelling is great . 
  i have recently learned that 30m water resistance mark on my timex weekender actually means that the watch should n't even be worn in a shower . 
  what i am asking you , the kind people of / r/watches , is to recommend me some piece with preferably 100m and a similar style to my weekender . 
  i really love timex , but i do n't mind exploring some other brands since that will be my second watch to date . 
  also i am on tight budget , so something around $ 100 tops . 
  thanks in advance . 
  hmmmm is the first watch the one that can be seen in the interstellar movie ? 
  i really like to have every hour numbered , but that second expedition looks pretty good . 
  i love simple military design . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  whoa , the first one ... 
  well , thanks for your input . 
  i have been in a pool with it once , but i was really worried . 
  i am still considering getting one of the expedition watches from timex . 
  just for the peace of mind . 
  what reference is that ? 
  pffft , we have indiglo , tritium and phosphor . 
  there is no darkness in / r/watches . 
  looks fake . 
  the ball even has some glitches on it . 
  i would switch the i3 for i5 for future proofing the machine and get gtx750 ti instead of the radeon . 
  he can buy a $ 400 gpu next year and for the games you listed , the 750 ti is more than adequate . 
  or if you want to walk the red road , the 260x is like 5 % more powerful than the nvidia but draws more watts from the power supply . 
  classic ka-bars are great for that . 
  the groove on the blade is perfect for securing the garlic during crushing from slipping away . 
  did you by any chance play the game on the pc before you returned to ps4 ? 
  is this oliver queen ? 
  damn that adult pug looks well built . 
  sunrise belongs to moderate drinkers . 
  that metal gear solid 3 thread . 
  where everybody was like `` there 's no way the game will be set in the 1960s '', 
  tw brotherhood of nod . 
  although the technology they have is far superior , their numbers are just a small fraction of the us . 
  unless the war takes place on a tiberium infested earth . 
  then it is over before it even begins . 
  pardon my ignorance , but i thought every premium watch has like at least 100 atm water resistance . 
  i am aware that this is no diving watch , nor should it be used for recreational swimming . 
  i just thought that the water resistance also demonstrated build quality . 
  i am not very knowledgeable about watches in general , i just like to look at the shiny pieces . 
  and this is one sexy watch . 
  if someone could explain , i would be very happy . 
  you 're goddamn right , patriot . 
  mini-z is great , but surely not a `` cheap basher '' . 
  in reverse, 
  it 's not a meme per se . 
  watch armake 's youtube video on it . 
  pendulum made it on the list . 
  i am so happy about that . 
  you mean like , every single one ? 
  how about one of the robots that throw galaxies when they fight ? 
  i do n't know where they are from , but it is some sort of japanese manga . 
  the word `` nick '' or `` nickname '' comes from the older word `` moniker '' . 
  if i have an encrypted hdd in my pc ( all the filenames are blue ) .
