  i mean , if your battery is dead , a light should suffice to let you know . 
  hahaha the brotherhood boss from castlevania lords of shadow will murder the shit out anyone . 
  slice his neck with a rusty cleaver . 
  which one ? 
  buy mgs1 from the ps1 section on psn , play it twice to get both endings , then buy the hd collection , then buy ps3 to play mgs4 and also buy the mgs games from the psp section of psn , then buy ground zeroes for ps4 and then commit suicide because you ca n't wait for phantom pain to come out . 
  i do n't know about you ... 
  it 's not about the quality of stories of an alcoholic . 
  it 's about the quantity . 
  you do n't need muscles , if you have dedication . 
  and rooster mask . 
  man , he wants to ride a thruxton , not a bonnie !, 
  i like your view on war . 
  i am a middle european cripple , who will never have a chance to enlist , or even participate in any military position . 
  they all die of tiberium pollution . 
  the end . 
  man i ca n't wait to see if cortez lives and to walk down jardin des roses again ... 
  i really like roper clacks . 
  but yeah , april is so well written . 
  well with 150kb/s i am glad i am still alive after i download it . 
  then floss, 
  you should also beat your meat every day . 
  i 've been bringing a knife to school since 4th grade . 
  never had any problems . 
  i remember how my 4th grade teacher ( 70 year old lady ) once asked to borrow it , so she could trim some plant leaves in the classroom . 
  praise be to oryx !, 
  this was the only one i laughed out loud to . 
  this generation , sony just provides less bullshit . 
  holy shit , all the reddit stars are in this subthread . 
  there are some tips and tricks in the / r/buildapc wiki , you should check it out !, 
  just bring it on . 
  i do n't care much , i have waited many years . 
  so whatever it will be like , i will buy it and i will play the shit out of it . 
  i have altered the dress . 
  pray i do n't alter it any further . 
  my destiny bundle came without the `` gear pack '' if they are legendary engrams , wait until you reach lvl 20 to redeem it . 
  i did n't see the subreddit name first and though , whoooa what the shit . 
  man , i just ca n't wait . 
  it all started so long ago , yet the story continues . 
  the long waiting between the games is what makes tlj so special . 
  i remember the first time i played tlj as a little kid . 
  now i am 22 and the story is still developing . 
  the guys made a perfect alternate world . 
  is it gon na be written in mirrored font upside down 1pt size and if you read a word wrong you die ? 
  final fantasy 1, 
  is bend the golden abyss studio ? 
  i love the show , but yeah ... 
  that 's not that far actually, 
  how much does this thing weigh ? 
  thats pretty good actually !, 
  oh god it 's destiny all over again . 
  i would die for beyond good & evil 2, 
  man , the last one ... 
  i love 'em all , but the last one is so damn sweet . 
  what the fuck , man ? 
  i love me some stop motion , but that was ... different . 
  either l3/r3 or l2/r2 . 
  you need a memory card to even log in to the vita . 
  unless you are buying the slim version , it has 1gb memory built in . 
  i have a 750 ti and i am most satisfied . 
  titanfall on ultra with very high textures still looks like shit tho . 
  woke up on roof . 
  threw a shoes down . 
  rescued by cops . 
  escaped the copcar barefoot . 
  it has the maxwell core too , right ? 
  what is this ? 
  a dating show for attractive people ? 
  i mean c'mon the guy is out of college and still looks 19 . 
  and the girl is a solid wouldfuck/10 . 
  revolutionary ? 
  the problem is with todays games that are almost one hour long, 
  great snakes !, 
  so many games , so many accessories . 
  here in europe i had to search all obscure shops to find even the original case . 
  not with that attitude, 
  before the match . 
  green arrow secretly pays each of the contestants a large sum of money to focus on legolas . 
  even legolas . 
  and after the reports of his death arrive , he invites the rest on a round of whisky and poisons them . 
  huh , so college in uk is for the same age range as high school for us ? 
  he said college . 
  where are the 6wheeled ones ? 
  is that a slizzer ? 
  alright , slizer ... 
  oh yeah , in gtasa it was only parked in that little used cars lot , right ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  what is the issue ? 
  i can only imagine the spotter as a black guy . 
  yes , like the one in quake3 arena minus the fun . 
  what the fuck , man ? 
  me neither . 
  it looks very different from other cs products . 
  damn , a knock off that looks nothing like the original . 
  i am angry right now because of that . 
  if they are smart about it . 
  they will remove the particle effects , make the objects even more geometrical , apply basic lighting and no antialiazing . 
  the there is a fair chance it will run 60 . 
  i found no scene girls . 
  in movie maker 2012 , you can take a single shot of a video , instead of the screenshot . 
  like this ?
