  i hope fedex gets these . 
  order something and a friggin jetman brings it to you in half an hour . 
  yeah , just pres the knife button, 
  gon na need a nugget or a musket, 
  i think you just need to hit it once . 
  there will be an icon flashing , apart from the dog lunging at you . 
  was this in a thread where someone wanted to an hero ? 
  did you meet some bandits there ? 
  also , what was the purpose of this contraption during the cold war ? 
  this reminds me when i was a kid and visited my uncle in canada , bc . 
  it was so strange and awesome escaping from the eastern block to the west . 
  if just for 2 months ... 
  always with the smuggling of radioactive items . 
  oh , that is interesting . 
  i thought it was used for eavesdropping on the west . 
  but this makes more sense . 
  it 's one hell of a fatass light . 
  you 'll never walk , bitch . 
  oh god , how many times i 've heard that ... 
  you spelled it wrong dude . 
  til reddit is very different from 4chan . 
  no tater jokes up in here . 
  i am 22 and disabled . 
  you get funny looks even when not gaming . 
  ooooh make sure you do n't miss geometry wars 3 !, 
  ooooh the background from stargazer i believe, 
  the important question here is that regarding gender of these two individuals . 
  same here, 
  i use it to connect pc to tv . 
  there is not an alternative . 
  the right word is delighted . 
  load em up in a machine gun and watch them dolla bills rain . 
  the tv has those cinches but my graphics card does not . 
  is there a workaround ? 
  if time travel was/is/will be ever invented , people from all ages would know about it . 
  you are little ? 
  will i actually see the difference with all the image processing algorithms my tv is stuffed with ? 
  do you know the math behind that ? 
  i never understood . 
  i use the tv for movies and programming . 
  input lags are of no concern . 
  i run the tv in standard ( manual ) mode so all the settings which can be turned off are off . 
  i hope there will be cat fights too . 
  it 's the best thing to happen since 1776 . 
  man , ca n't praise the vita enough . 
  i just traded in destiny for mgs hd for my vita and i have no regrets . 
  taylor is great . 
  i do n't like many of the modern pop interprets , but taylor seems like a really good person . 
  plus she posts on 4chan . 
  too late to explore the world , too soon to explore the universe . 
  just in time to browse dank memes . 
  i understand factorial , i just did n't understand 0 ! . 
  but now i know that it is because 1 is neutral when multiplying . 
  thanks !, 
  how do i check ? 
  ... oh god . 
  ... beautiful, 
  mobile phone or a flippin camera . 
  they even put those two together . 
  i hate how he turns to the camera every time . 
  such a fucking douchebag . 
  what should i look for in that picture ? 
  i do n't see anything ... yeah anything . 
  a triangle has 3 corners !, 
  what were they xraying in there ? 
  what ? 
  in eu the mgs1 is there . 
  maybe the radioactivity also kills some `` germs '' that dwell in the wood . 
  get them on the line jim, 
  damn , i did n't think i 'll see the day . 
  look at me now !, 
  damn , that is some massive dong right there !, 
  but the first thing i noticed is the first generation mask this jungle beast is rocking . 
  really takes me back to childhood . 
  how can you cram that much into 8gig ? 
  how can you cram that much into 8gig ? 
  the usual . 
  but also mgs 1 and mgs hd collection and the free most wanted game . 
  that is pretty impressive . 
  i tend to buy physicals when available so i do n't have to buy bigger card . 
  it looks so astony , but still exotic . 
  i just married sterling archer . 
  well there are some good times to be had and then i get thrown off a balcony or end up in a rug . 
  the grille has that aston vibe , or so it seems to me . 
  hah , i 've just traded in destiny for mgs hd for vita . 
  no regrets . 
  i am a happy man now . 
  damn , there are some sexy cars on the lot . 
  i found happiness , and decided to stick with that . 
  the god of inconvenience . 
  it is a god who will make you want to kill yourself . 
  for example : you get out of the bed and realize that the coffee maker does n't work . 
  so you go to brush your teeth but the brush brakes . 
  you decide to just rinse your mouth with water . 
  only steaming hot water comes out . 
  time to make breakfast . 
  you open peanut butter jar and lo and behold . 
  there is just enough to spread on a half of a toast . 
  well , let 's eat just a half . 
  but no way jose , you forgot to buy toast bread yesterday .
