  cold steel micro recon 1 has done me a great service . 
  + has the triad lock so is co.pletely out of game . 
  sorry i did n't read it thoroughly . 
  those little spydercos are your best bet then . 
  or , what about a small fixed blade ? 
  just when i though moving north to denmark would be my best choice ... 
  well mostly just knives . 
  i 've been to denmark a few times and loved it . 
  so , this would be a small prize ( price ? ), 
  to pay . 
  is n't he an angler ? 
  i reside in prague-east right now . 
  when i was in copenhagen , there where female ( rather attractive ) guards with loaded assault rifles . 
  damn i was really confused , usually these guards are for the ceremonial purpouses only , but this ... 
  but the queen is sure safe and sound !, 
  i like that thing about not armed policemen . 
  shooting is the last resort solution . 
  gosh ... were you on reddit yesterday ? 
  when the rabbit bites it 's head of !!!, 
  is it like that in english afterwards ? 
  air intake became water intake . 
  i will recommend a ka-bar . 
  does n't hold edge that well , but it is a decent hunting knife . 
  you missed the ass shot !, 
  i am too lazy . 
  it was damn fine . 
  this is the first post to use the word `` gem '' in the title correctly . 
  are you sure you was n't on speed last week ? 
  stomping on someone 's face screaming `` fuck '' ? 
  so there still is no gem among gems of reddit . 
  well , there is that little hint ... 
  what is all over in 18 hours ? 
  czech republic : you can have any bladed tool or weapon unless it has some sort of alteration on the blade ie . 
  serration . 
  so you can carry push daggers , swords , dirks , axes ... but you got ta have a plain edge . 
  a billion watts, 
  at least someone, 
  well this is the most depressing thread to this date . 
  this one is a folder . 
  there is a screw on the handle near the blade on which the blade rotates . 
  usually , when the handle has screws , it is a folder . 
  sure thing !, 
  i did it with maverick, 
  but it really looks like a folder . 
  how much do these cost ? 
  i just took the helicopter from a hospital . 
  buzzard is that little armed helo ? 
  and what if i crash it ? 
  sweet !, 
  i bought a car one day online and after losing it , there was no trace of it . 
  correct !, 
  that is unfortunate, 
  i like that elephant thingy . 
  that is one sick humidifier !, 
  me 18 ( legal drinking age here ) , she 14 ( age of consent here ) . 
  we go to park , drink a bottle of vodka mixed with orange juice . 
  we mess around , we lay in the grass , i give her oral , she gives back . 
  whole story . 
  arrow . 
  you just know shit is gon na go down . 
  noooow it everything makes sense . 
  i am all for imgoingtohellforthis , but do n't you dare you motherwhores . 
  do n't you dare . 
  so we hear the impacts first , and the shooting sound second because the projectiles travel at far greater speed then the speed of sound ? 
  are we just posting random movie titles ? 
  even the three kings was more realistic . 
  yeah and the levitating body and shit ... 
  i was fucking scared to fall asleep . 
  it was a bad movie ? 
  i thought it was pretty scary at the time . 
  i had a folder . 
  one of the shittiest knives i ever owned . 
  dictatorship ? 
  fear and loathing in las vegas, 
  just pour that cinamon in mothafucka, 
  yeah i know , it is a flashy remake of 1984 . 
  i am more of a console person , but dayum . 
  why do they keep making these dlcs when sims 4 is on it 's way ? 
  i know the answer is money , but ... 
  i had the best fries in bruges . 
  also horse carriages . 
  `` those who stood their ground . '', 
  rape, 
  but the true horror descents when you pass out . 
  i think this is bullshit . 
  i mean ... it is n't that many cards in a deck . 
  your life sounds awesome . 
  wow , what a possitive comment . 
  thank you for believing in me !, 
  i like your way of thinking . 
  well , this was nice . 
  it 's really warming , the thought that you can communicate on the internet without rude words . 
  well , if someone gets all annoying because he has a different opinion , i just let it go , but when said asshat tries to be rude on a personal level , then it 's on , bitch . 
  i would go all trevor . 
  cunt !, 
  cunt !, 
  cunt !, 
  time to enlist, 
  you did n't read the post ? 
  he will get him ps4 , x1 and vita .
