  i know like 2 songs from this comment section . 
  the cum box . 
  there is just no contest . 
  i was born in 1992 and i have like 6 of these sets . 
  that red little motor does a really funny sound when running . 
  well , you never asked for this . 
  i am superman from lego batman 2 now . 
  so yeah , i can do anything . 
  man , when my sad bought voodoo 3d booster card , people from the whole street came to watch realistic need for speed 2 . 
  shit was so cash . 
  yes !, 
  because they 're goddamn commies !, 
  man what would i give to experience the journey again ... 
  and here i am , still with my girlfriend , and being super happy of my new gtx 750 ti and crucial m550 . 
  man i should really get on this breakup wave and build some mean machine . 
  did you make this comment to rhyme on purpose ? 
  you must be one proud viking !, 
  are windshields really that firm ? 
  i thought that an arrow from a compound would fly through it with ease . 
  i like fit pugs . 
  mine is also fit and lean . 
  much better than most of the poor fat ones you see here daily . 
  maybe the arrow will just bounce off . 
  how did you like still life ? 
  right ? 
  it was really good . 
  i just started playing nikopol and it is so ugly . 
  ssd harddrive . 
  you will never go back . 
  i have one above my bed . 
  the most interesting thing is , the blossoms smell only in the evening . 
  and they smell oh so good . 
  man , i just love that game . 
  man , it is just a title . 
  only hotline and ratchet for me . 
  i played final fantasy 1 ( the psp . 
  version ) on my old vita for 7 hours . 
  this is what men dream of . 
  #gayforoberyn where was this photographed ? 
  the green arrow . 
  he would die on that island after a week tops . 
  i love ga. 
  man nikolaj is so handsome . 
  you need to play well to look cool . 
  i liked it too and i did n't understand it . 
  a soldier without a name . 
  i would pay my debts . 
  is this lian yu or what ? 
  arnold schwarzenegger of course . 
  4k 120hz oled 32inch touchscreen . 
  you banged any chicks there ? 
  when were you when gary was kill ? 
  i 'll play female exo because nobody else will . 
  so i am set to see someone with female exo titan . 
  see you on the battlefield soldier . 
  exo master race . 
  * yet to see lol, 
  green arrow, 
  i laughed so hard at that soup, 
  diet cock, 
  `` we are n't working on half life 3 . 
  we never have and we never will . '', 
  it 's for the rapid spaceback . 
  i just bought critter cronicles for 25 $ . 
  god dammit !, 
  that la noire is stupid cheap, 
  this is moderately hard to fap to . 
  christopher waltz in watter for elephants . 
  sure there will be people who will complete the raids solo . 
  so it is n't just about your fps skills ... would be nice if the raid areas adapted to the number of players . 
  i demand slow motion footage . 
  no , it is the last good one . 
  that they woke up . 
  well ? 
  man , what the fuck ? 
  i am doing this to keep the darkness away . 
  some are running from it , some are longing for it , but i will be the one who welcomes it with my arms at ready . 
  jokes on them . 
  i live in such remote area that 4mbs would be an upgrade . 
  soooo did you make penises or svastikas as the new snowflake shape ? 
  such a fat banana, 
  everyone said it here . 
  really . 
  but if you want a really escaping experience , play the original the longest journey first , then dreamfall . 
  is there an all white shader ? 
  oh , and if you stay in the respawn area , you will get swarmed by knights and wizards and that spinning blue shit appears from time to time in that area too . 
  navy seals with charlie shean . 
  this is a weird thread . 
  do you still feed your fish addiction ? 
  if you give them prep time , barney would win . 
  he always gets super dedicated to be awesome at something . 
  its 9:35 am thursday and i am in my bed watching moon documentary . 
  also just wanked . 
  life aquatic with steve zissou . 
  it has bill murray and a shootout . 
  it 's just a longer `` eventualy '' . 
  at the first glance , i was expecting a metal gear joke . 
  but it is so damn hard . 
  are you from czech republic ? 
  i would pay anything for cryptharch bribes .
