  it serves as a thumbstud . 
  i do n't care . 
  great job . 
  now both of them will have difficult lives . 
  man , bruges is to overrated . 
  i wonder how many of those who downvoted me visited the place ... it is just another european mid sized town . 
  tearaway also has alt cover . 
  i am disappointed that they did n't stay with the alternate cover for borderlands 2 that came with the x360 version . 
  that was one hell of an artwork . 
  so fluffy . 
  so cute, 
  yeah that is the one . 
  well , the vita one is also kickass . 
  i would like to see this trend more often . 
  i know i was kinda crazy in highschool , but damn . 
  ser rodrick for any greyjoy . 
  the kid is fucking adorable . 
  so how do the ps one discounts work ? 
  does it mean that i can buy red alert for ps one on my vita ? 
  it 's not there :( so where can i play ps one games which are n't on vita ? 
  psp ? 
  there is only one guy behind liquicity . 
  maris . 
  it is not a normal label like hospital records or armada etc. 
  basicaly if you create a track and want to become more known , you send it to maris and he decides if he posts it to liquicity channel . 
  wow congrats to you reddit nick . 
  smart as ... uses it pretty smartly, 
  21 - uncharted golden abyss , remote play . 
  you can tell i am from western country . 
  the bunny disease . 
  is that mixomatosis ? 
  i get the me refference , but i do n't get it . 
  it referes to the mass effect universe species elcor . 
  so i get the reference , but i do n't get why jorah would be by any mean associated with any elcor behavior . 
  supa hot, 
  soooo do you basicaly build a rocket in tetris with those blocks ? 
  aaah another person who carries barkley 's mints . 
  and here i am . 
  feeling stupid for not understanding how derivations lead to asymptots, 
  well , it could be done with 3 bricks and some imagination . 
  i envy her so much . 
  ahh to be a child again . 
  holy shit . 
  and still some people claim that vita is dying . 
  dayum , we are just gettin ' started . 
  wolverine can teleport now . 
  is there somewhere an album with photos of this event ? 
  is n't there like only one way to kill superman ? 
  and is n't kryptonite somewhere in space ? 
  tony can build something for spacetravel and obtain kryptonite . 
  then he invites superman for dinner and serves him kryptonite spiked stew . 
  his superman buster suit would be a cook apron . 
  well doomsday is from krypton , so he had this going for him . 
  batman, 
  and a sudden plunge in a sullen swell ... 
  in the upper right corner . 
  what is coachella ? 
  it charges each cell separately so it does n't destroy cells which are of lower capacity than the others . 
  daredevil vs judge dredd, 
  graduating highschool . 
  i 've never seen those people again . 
  you are placing someone in a cqc fight with big boss ? 
  are you mad ? 
  no really , batman would win . 
  all 3 fights . 
  i love the fat one . 
  god dammit i had a weekend like this in 2012 . 
  all alone just with 2 bottles of whiskey , skyrim and completed finals . 
  cheers !, 
  you 're livin ' a dream . 
  he knows way more martial art techniques than big boss . 
  also current technology vs. technology many years ago . 
  with 1950 ' technology . 
  you should just stop waking up . 
  nah man , i am so scared of losing my first close person i ca n't even joke . 
  finaly a true patriot . 
  nah , he would use tranquilizers so he can get the best camo . 
  yeah but big boss was born with genes that affected his will , awearness and other mental traits . 
  cap'n got huge and ripped like a mofo . 
  so basicaly high school metal fans . 
  how can i get rid off my tummy ? 
  :( my upper body is muscular and i consider myself fit , but if i do n't `` suck in '' my belly , it just looks bloated . 
  i like them on snub nosed dogs . 
  yeah , that 's not my case . 
  when i flex my ab muscles i can feel the hard muscle tissue under the fat . 
  the problem with my belly fat is probably drinking alcohol . 
  i drank a lot in the past 3 years . 
  guess it 's time to find some other type of entertainment . 
  i love the itsy bitsy one . 
  i love cleaning my knives . 
  it might not be a good idea . 
  but i always wash all the parts in a soap water , then dry them with towels and hair dryer . 
  before finishing i put gun oil on the pivot . 
  this technique never failed me . 
  this looks like the strategic map the rebels would use on the hoth base . 
  i am from czech republic , am in prague almost daily and apart from almost getting killed there i have nothing to add . 
  florida knows where it 's at . 
  so , no offroad huh ? 
  a cat . 
  it would be a perfect pet .
