  are these just mounted on the underwing mounts ? 
  that is like 2,5 tons . 
  that is insane . 
  thank you for correcting me . 
  8/8 would drive . 
  i like that she is up front . 
  she does n't give a damn . 
  it all comes down to what lcd technology it uses . 
  tn , ips , mva ... 
  i love sterling 10x more than batman , but bruce takes this in all of the rounds . 
  also , sterling never starts sober . 
  delete the game save data . 
  ps : did you collect all of the treasure chests ? 
  the elephant gun and the .700 nitro gun are two separate weapons . 
  the elephant gun is a signature version of the .700 nitro and it is available in the hurk dlc . 
  you can get the .700 nitro without buying any dlc . 
  how do they land ? 
  when i land on my feet , i always get a stong pain in my ankles . 
  does it bring any new weapons ? 
  yeah , that isan axiom . 
  i just wanted to know where he/she lives . 
  i do n't a pinpoint location . 
  did you also ask for mantis , ocelot and raven ? 
  i like hard games . 
  but this ... 
  cool . 
  i play s\u00f6ldner-x on my ps3 and it is insanely hard in the later levels . 
  hope the new system works . 
  that 's how i met your mother, 
  yes they are . 
  mine just ate my effin sausage . 
  it means without using machines . 
  still impressive . 
  i actually find the guy on the left more attractive . 
  i got the season pass while it was on discount for like $ 18 . 
  the only issue i have with the dlc is the lack of trophies . 
  i think it had some floating material on top of the air intake tube . 
  i do n't remember though . 
  i was like 7 years old . 
  why do n't humans have tails to store fat ? 
  we could be lean while having some fatass tail . 
  that would be a win-win . 
  what are lock wheels ? 
  what was wrong with your jaw ? 
  seems fine in the before pics . 
  freedom, 
  what is this ? 
  so in essence , like the formula1 has ? 
  typo in the title but damn that shape . 
  vendetta, 
  oh god , when the room fills up completely , you wo n't be able to release any air from your lungs . 
  that is some scary shit . 
  it is pretty awesome . 
  but the story so far seems a little bit `` small '' . 
  i mean , the arcadia storyline is about racism in marcuria and the stark storyline is about corruption . 
  in tlj , you practically saved both worlds from total ragnarok . 
  and in dreamfall , you uncovered a plot to enslave both worlds . 
  i might feel this way , because we are in 2/5 of the story , so everything is getting slowly heated . 
  the story is just taking off slowly . 
  after the second book , i have 17 hours of playtime . 
  that is 2 hours more than the complete playtime of tlj , and we are just getting started . 
  what a massive game . 
  also i do n't like the choices . 
  i loved tlj and dreamfall , because they felt like complete stories . 
  like reading a book . 
  with choices , you practically omit the consistent storyline in exchange for popular adventure game format . 
  but anyway , great game . 
  try reloading the checkpoint . 
  is this shit for real ? 
  i do n't really believe any of these kind of posts . 
  i mean , the photo ok , that could happen . 
  but with that textover ? 
  this is ducked up . 
  i would . 
  but i am retarded . 
  i do n't even know what the game is about . 
  what ? 
  i thought li-pol was battery . 
  i have put a noctua inside my corsair 520w . 
  no problem , just my case gives me shocks when i touch it in the back . 
  no big deal . 
  shit like this makes me ashamed of being on reddit . 
  what ? 
  this made me laugh , even though i do n't have a faint idea what you are talking about . 
  i am a double peasant and this made me sad and angry . 
  that would make them proud . 
  hold up, 
  hey , when are we getting more news on rainbow skies ? 
  to be honest , book two was n't that massive . 
  what kind of announcement is that ? 
  no shit it runs great on this setup . 
  and the video game adaptation the last guardian, 
  the problem is that it does n't feel massive . 
  i completed book one in 10 hours and book two in 7 hours . 
  so yeah , the game itself is pretty long . 
  i am so hyped about rainbow skies . 
  i have over 120 hours in rainbow moon . 
  yeah , 7 is too few . 
  i might have used the word lack improperly . 
  no , i just messed up the sentence .
