  mofo better get something like omega speedmaster . 
  mace shatter points vaders ass, 
  why are there 2 cold war subreddits now ? 
  mmmm red cloaka, 
  looks damn fine , i tell you what . 
  i got angry just by reading that comment . 
  thanks to vita , i got a chance to play series like mgs or final fantasy i would n't have chance to play otherwise on a single system . 
  i love it . 
  is it any good on vita , or should i buy the ps3 version ? 
  `` do what you want . '', 
  - a wife, 
  `` after the end of world war two , the world was split in two ... '' as is this subreddit i guess . 
  hahaha , i do n't understand shit about this . 
  hell i would take a free vita eventhough i have one !, 
  or the original miura, 
  when the night is darkest , even one candle can make a difference . 
  i guess that is one of his cars . 
  that is the right time to pickup your phone or a portable gaming system . 
  this night only !, 
  commando from command and conquer, 
  * what is fat may never diet . 
  he can . 
  come on , jack can fuck your shit up even if you are a skyscraper sized mechanical beast , and he looks damn fine doing it . 
  the mass effect universe gets basically restarted every 50.000 years . 
  that is not much time for progress . 
  sean bean . 
  i know what is gon na happen . 
  if you listed dreamfall , you should have also added the longest journey . 
  dreamfall is like 10 % immersion and fun without knowledge of the previous events . 
  but hey , i just love tlj games too much . 
  dead space 2 is also pretty great . 
  but dead space 3 is fucking bad . 
  great , now i lost the fucking game . 
  gorillaz are too underground these days , i guess . 
  yeah well , time travel is always kinda game breaking . 
  i always love the face of realization of those people when someone starts shooting . 
  only two kinds of people do n't buckle when they have a barrel aimed at their head . 
  psychopaths and trained killers . 
  most of the people ca n't tell the difference . 
  i checked all the checkboxes . 
  i guess wolverine could slash and rip his way through the orcs and goblins , but i am not sure he could defeat the balrog . 
  i would be probably driving shotgun with you . 
  make a script that reloads all boards every second . 
  only the raw text , no css . 
  when the `` 64444443 '' html string appears in some board , launch a script that posts this text . 
  come on , that captcha is n't unbreakable . 
  not magic . 
  come to / r/bionicle !, 
  we are a jolly ol bunch !, 
  calibrate me gently . 
  was saren right all along ? 
  do n't tell me what to do !, 
  pretty damn dank . 
  1 ) i drop dead after one minute . 
  2 ) for the love of god . 
  seal the exits . 
  i mean , they would be a pretty decent headquarters for the youth in the first hours of the war . 
  model 3 ? 
  that will be either a truck or a coupe . 
  i for one loved all of the 120 hours i logged into rainbow moon to get my platinum . 
  did n't spend a cent since it was on psn + . 
  i a super excited about rainbow skies , buying day 1 . 
  i did n't even make it past the tutorial . 
  it was pretty damn easy . 
  entered konami code in the menu and got platinum in the first playthrough . 
  some say the tule tree is hard . 
  i do n't know . 
  in 1920 there was like 250 000 electromobiles in us alone . 
  konami code is `` up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , select , start '', 
  yeah i beat the game on my 360 , then on vita , then i bought the dlc which was great . 
  like 5 more hours of playtime . 
  currently i am collecting the trophies from the new frenemies dlc for the super turbo championship edition on ps4 . 
  such a great game . 
  why are the others insulting op ? 
  how about using uv bulbs to simulate the sunlight in the early hours ? 
  would that help ? 
  using a controller felt better . 
  i did n't have any problems with vita controls , but i was afraid i would break the left stick during some more erratic movements . 
  the frenemies dlc lets you play as flameface , the tiger boss , and few other enemy characters from the game . 
  i did n't know the super turbo championship edition was released on vita . 
  xbox live, 
  doctor who and solid snake ? 
  i mean , that is one team you got there . 
  that was a really well done piece of motion picture . 
  i appreciate especially the level of detail in each scene . 
  i can watch this footage numerous times , and yet find something new each time . 
  i decided to rate this magnificent piece of cinematography with a score of 420/420 . 
  what whaaaat ? 
  runs pretty well . 
  mankind is really pushing the limits of natural selection . 
  hey my highschool teacher is the animation artist in amanita design , which made botanicula and machinarium . 
  irrelevant , i know . 
  soooo , anyone know what are those floating trapezoids ? 
  nice , i have the exact same weekender , but i own a buttload of natos . 
  might as well try something new . 
  along with , 3.50 , john cena etc. 
  still entertaining . 
  for r6 : i think solid snake would be nearly uncorruptable . 
  man , at 1080p i can run most games on high-max . 
  i 've been on mtx since 6 years old .
