  shooting mechanical dinosaurs with compound bows sounds like a wonderful idea . 
  what does the ` based ' word mean in the title ? 
  the engrams can also drop higher tier items . 
  yesterday i got legendary hand cannon from blue engram . 
  the best thing is . 
  i do n't play hand cannons . 
  thank you, 
  like in pgr . 
  i would ride the shit out of some thriumps . 
  man thats a short list . 
  vex have time travel . 
  how can you beat that ? 
  really , war starts , you travel back and kill the quarian who said `` let 's make geth '' . 
  war never existed . 
  nah , that would create a parallel timeline . 
  or not . 
  i do n't know . 
  destiny sux on the lore details . 
  money . 
  i have everything else . 
  get uncharted !, 
  really , what a well made game . 
  that 's the problem with destiny . 
  nobody knows what is it . 
  it 's just a weird program for gaming consoles , but i love it . 
  how can you obtain a suppressor ? 
  is n't that like , illegal ? 
  it has a great shooting model . 
  better than halo , but that is n't everything . 
  destiny has nothing on halo lore . 
  season 2 is great !, 
  get a playstation vita and play every mgs game up until mgs4 . 
  then borrow ps3 for mgs4 and then buy ps4 to play gz and pp . 
  also you will have vita for remote play . 
  you will embrace the hard core mgs fandom immediately . 
  it 's beautiful ... 
  sweden is europe 's america . 
  spiders, 
  the cryptarch particularly . 
  did you like jack honney ? 
  you will have to buy it for future games anyway . 
  the light/beware ? 
  i think its pretty good . 
  why are you naming some animals in the title ? 
  what is happening ? 
  :( i am scared, 
  he made a movie !, 
  it is a dark souls reference . 
  half life 3 confirmed !, 
  do you have the white one ? 
  buy the stick grips !, 
  otherwise , you will lose the rubbering on the sticks in a year or so , due to wearing . 
  golf and alcohol do n't mix ... 
  i have the white one too !, 
  pretty slick . 
  i wanted a blue or red controller , but it was out of stock , so i got a black one :(, 
  you go gurl !, 
  5 % every decade is just nearing and never reaching zero . 
  praise be to oryx !, 
  you have woken the hive for sure with this thread . 
  polan stronk !, 
  praise be to oryx !, 
  i already sold the game yesterday . 
  why would i play it anymore ? 
  i asked myself . 
  for better loot ? 
  no that is just too random to drop . 
  for the crucible ? 
  no , there are like 6 maps all filled with auto rifle , fusion , shotgun maniacs . 
  also no good loot . 
  i did n't even play the raid , i could n't find gear to get me to high enough level . 
  i was in the first car of the hype train , i watched every dattodoesdestiny video , then i got my white destiny bundle , then i played till lvl 26 , then we played the raid , then there was nothing else to do ... 
  praise be to oryx !, 
  find april , save april . 
  you ca n't use a short form of `` they have '' just like that !, 
  man , tiberium wars - kane 's wrath was the last real cnc . 
  man , to get a purple baby ... 
  man , taylor is so great . 
  seems like you 're the only one to think that . 
  oh well , back to grinding . 
  thank you !, 
  geez , this will never hit the destinythegame frontpage . 
  do you own a pug ? 
  as a middle-eastern-european i would like to say war . 
  does it run on the unity 3d engine or what ? 
  is the copilot stringer bell ? 
  opinions of people who lie often . 
  so when ? 
  man , add the longest journey and the book of unwritten tales to your library . 
  that an arrow reference ? 
  holy moly !, 
  april is much more hot , but yeah , zoe is ` aight . 
  this is the only game i am not affraid to preorder . 
  are you ready for some '60s action with sully in the prequel ? 
  speaking from ps4 , you just pres options button and there is your char menu . 
  nice to see someone who actually enjoyed the game . 
  i just went for platinum . 
  i had just one crash . 
  but that crash had me load up my vita into the service mode , so i was freaked out !, 
  what is that battery gauge for ?
