  that game is a legend . 
  are you ... are you trying to find a reason ? 
  man , i hate that bitch . 
  broke my leg in elementary school , could n't walk since . 
  am 22 now . 
  shit man . 
  i am convinced that the game is ready to launch . 
  but there is some bureaucratic bullshit delaying it . 
  practice combat in the arkham games , then wonder why is som so easy . 
  correction : `` the best damn console on the market . '', 
  were n't these guys joking ? 
  i can accept an opinion , but i ca n't accept a lie . 
  come on , just the psx games are worth it to buy vita . 
  right ? 
  i was so hyped for destiny , then it came out and ... meh . 
  but damn me for every day , i play mgs , or old final fantasy , or some fresh new game and i ca n't put it down until ... 
  damn it 's 2 am again ... 
  even that wretched borderlands 2 is super fun on vita . 
  some people at the uni i attend are 18 and a lot of people here have watches . 
  there is a fancy fedora item for spy, 
  station earth - cold green eyes, 
  well , seems like north and south dakota is where it 's at . 
  what if everyone paid like a $ 1 to get in . 
  so there will be a bigger prize . 
  then winner takes it all . 
  i bought the worst looking . 
  the crucial m550 . 
  i love ugly things . 
  ask my girlfriend . 
  so many touch controls :(, 
  kept you waiting , huh ? 
  did , did i just read a spoiler in the title ? 
  i think milk and cum are both good for you body and spirit . 
  mgs . 
  the original from ps one . 
  it plays so well on vita . 
  also uncharted , tearaway ... the usual . 
  yes, 
  is ... is geometry3 gon na come out on vita ? 
  is it gon na be cross buy ? 
  i am maybe so happy right now . 
  deloreans are a bitch to customize . 
  just look it up on youtube , it is hilarious even . 
  is this where jesus was born ? 
  you son of a buscuit, 
  sweet, 
  why do n't you have a dashcam ? 
  i usually play adventure games on pc , but this time , i am going for the vita version . 
  the system needs more recognition . 
  everything is so cheap , because we czechs are fucking broke . 
  to remember the basics of cqc . 
  i demand a picture of fully fatted tail . 
  hahaha you all should just relax and browse some dank memes, 
  this is actually not \u00c5land . 
  if you brake really hard , does the water roll down the window ? 
  i do n't like this over the top editing . 
  i love the og style made in windows movie maker . 
  fuck this shit . 
  i am so sad now . 
  i 'd rather watch a video of some people shooting each other in dicks . 
  what are these notes ? 
  nah , krakatoa is still my girl . 
  he smoke the fattest blunt from the corner pharmacy store . 
  still sour about our little attentat ? 
  literally dozen, 
  my opinion etc. 
  is in the images ' description . 
  poland, 
  we too have a beagle and a pug !, 
  heeey , i have the same corkscrew, 
  yeah , well i am sorry about that , i live in europe , and they are for 14 here . 
  because it is rectangular , obviously . 
  nah really , nobody knows that . 
  make it a year and i am in, 
  if you used sandpaper on the ice , would it still be slippery ? 
  you actually slept for a day and woke up in the same hour as was your alarm set to the day before . 
  easy . 
  too much absinth ? 
  you mean like one and a half shot ? 
  `` so long as men die , liberty will never perish '' - charlie chaplin, 
  in the end it sounds like : `` i guess we all fucked up , one way or another '', 
  where is lyublanka ? 
  that is actually pretty cool . 
  i do n't mind the exclusivity . 
  i show that i am a loyal gamer by buying the console for the full price , and not bitching about anything . 
  why the fuck is this in czech republic ? 
  you can always buy ps tv for like $ 50 or what . 
  but some of the reactions to this event border with bitching . 
  bourne kicks bond 's ass . 
  but on the second thought ... 
  if the fight begins with a firefight , then maybe bond has more skill using firearms . 
  anyway , in had to hand combat , bourne takes this . 
  am i the only one who actually enjoyed it ? 
  are all the cool people friends ? 
  did your lungs hurt ? 
  iphone 6 has some sick image processing, 
  i hope your mom is home , 
  damn you . 
  you sparked the fetish in me . 
  now i want to 69 with a girl with a dick,
