  but what if raiden stabs you in your nanomachine heart ? 
  rape culture ? 
  what the flying shit is that shit ? 
  but what does that have to do with culture ? 
  1886 is like mgs without mgs . 
  if you posted this on tumblr , it suddenly would n't be a rape culture . 
  what is the belt for ? 
  also , what do you play on the ps3 ? 
  i do n't know shit about samus , but i guess it 's time to ... let ' r rip . 
  thanks !, 
  whoa that is sweet . 
  the guys on the photos are on the russian side . 
  i could n't find it . 
  there was cs for xbox ? 
  xone controller is better than 360 controller . 
  the triggers on that thing are amazing . 
  it is like pushing the keys on a really expensive piano . 
  true that . 
  russia is all about that evil appearance these days . 
  unless you are in a warzone . 
  then do . 
   masturbate, 
  did you play some markus schulz ? 
  the fuel tanks also leaked while on the ground . 
  my pc is cheaper than your graphics cards . 
  if you manage to pick abloy , you are one mean sob . 
  i root for you . 
  post updates . 
  wash inside of your bellybutton . 
  it gets smelly . 
  this makes no sense . 
  the new consoles have pc-like architecture , and both use amd manufactured graphical units . 
  then , why is n't it optimized for amd cards ? 
  runs like a dream on gtx 750 ti . 
  if you 're a civilian in ukraine , go weeeeest . 
  it usually is , but in this case , i am not sure . 
  do you use it for games ? 
  and my vita memory cards . 
  man , those vita mem cards ... 
  they fucked up, 
  looks like streamlight siege, 
  i did some research and it seems that streamlight siege is the way to go . 
  d cell for extremely long runtimes and aa cell one for portability . 
  pretty cool . 
  i have the i5 3570 on 1155 and gtx 750 ti . 
  we are almost on the same boat . 
  ok . you need to have a prepared hole in the ground , 20 pounds of cow shit and some big plastic container or bag . 
  when you dig the hole , you will need the top part with the grass to be intact , so that you can then lay it on there again , and it will look like there never was any hole . 
  you put the body into the container or the bag , then seal said container or bag with lighter ( the plastic will melt together ) , after that , drop the sealed body into the hole and cover it with cow shit . 
  that will render police dogs useless . 
  now just cover the hole up and cover with the grass patch . 
  flawless . 
  never failed me . 
  they are all so similar . 
  i 've read somewhere , that a lot of things are made like you described , but each brand has its own quality control . 
  finally arcadia . 
  i am not a big fan of the stark ( apart from casablanca ) so this is great news for me . 
  * done, 
  right ? 
  i play it while commuting to school . 
  also while laying in bed till like 2 am . 
  i would tap that so hard . 
  while in rest mode . '', 
  could you tell me a lot of information about yourself ? 
  is rc car racing and flying rc planes ok ? 
  $ 4 an hour ? 
  that is above average here in czech republic . 
  i asked a tesco cashier how much she makes and she said that before taxing she gets somwhere under $ 4 but after all the taxes get accounted , she gets like $ 2.30 . 
  she makes the most money . 
  in real fight , the gal with the spear would win in like 4 seconds . 
  til they have \u0160kodas in iceland . 
  i am still sour over the bugginess of the prequel . 
  i know only the tv/movie/video game versions of the contestants , but i always say that . 
  it is important , because everytime someone will tell you that extended universe alfa-omega incredible diamond aquaman is better than superman . 
  you can argue about the other awards , but big hero 6 earned it 's place ten fold . 
  i was very satisfied with my care . 
  what ? 
  far cry 2 was a giant trainwreck . 
  did n't you mean far cry 3 ? 
  yeah it is a pretty weird design . 
  but i guess the compressed air explains it . 
  that is the only time barman can stop joker . 
  is there some quality charger that can charge d cells ? 
  clever girl, 
  what a fucking piece of shit knife . 
  it was an aliens movie reference . 
  nimh or lipol, 
  i have a graupner charger for my rc planes but i would like some simpler solution , so my family could use it too . 
  yeah , you have to input what capacity the cells are , what voltage to use , whether to use delta curve etc. . . 
  some do it all charger with parallel charging without any buttons would be nice . 
  fuck , shit . 
  yeah i am dumb . 
  how do you like the reddit is fun client ? 
  truly a weapon to surpass metal gear, 
  i hope this game takes place in an old fashioned fantasy world . 
  i am kinda tired of this kinda-realistic setting of recent jrpgs . 
  what if the rubicks cube is in the `` solved mode '' by default and has some kind of rubber bands in it . 
  now , you twist it , so the rubber bands strech , and then when you release ( throw in the air ) the rubber bands pull the segments back to the `` solved mode '' . 
  whoa , i never thought anyone read the update notes . 
   drink at home,
