  it 's been also stated that xbox one wo n't run used games , and wo n't work without kinect and look at it now . 
  but yeah , i got your point . 
  it is . 
  too bad vita does n't have the av output like those late psps . 
  wow , czech republic is all the rage these days . 
  the tab reads :, 
   `` a weapon to surpass metal gear '', 
  ayyyy lmao, 
  when that shit starts to spread , no amount of falling water can stop a forest from burning to the ground . 
  there are two female playable characters . 
  hahahaha what a load of dog shit . 
  i just want to play a good game after providing money to my family . 
  i do n't give a shit if it sexualizes midgets or bagels . 
  i actually live 12 km from it . 
  fantastic to visit , hell to live in . 
  true that, 
  oooh i see what are you going for here . 
  that would make a great steam early access game . 
  i would n't even mind if it never gets finished . 
  you 're right . 
  i see local extrems spike on tbs, 
  is this shit a cod plot ? 
  i love 80 ' -90 ' era buicks . 
  i do n't know why . 
  and this makes me sad :(, 
  i still drive 91 regal coupe custom . 
  i had to exchange the engine for a 2.8 l from 89 olds cutlass though . 
  i destroyed the crankshaft of the original 3.1, 
  you ... you monster . 
  how could they forget moscow mule ... 
  when i play an adventure game , i like to just chill out , explore . 
  talk to all the characters , dive into the atmosphere of the game . 
  the longest journey games are the best at this . 
  you can just stop and listen to the music ... 
  nothing is forcing you to hurry up . 
  in survival games , you are usually in a fight or flight state , so there is no chilling out ever . 
  on the other hand , games like condemned , or penumbra do this genre mix pretty well , so i say go for it chumps !, 
  the more games with adventure elements the better . 
  i love big trucks , but why do other people who like them have to be such assholes ? 
  now i wish there was an archer novel . 
  the right picture is clearly mgs . 
  so the fps title is n't legit . 
  not kasparovic . 
  but oliver queen might . 
  condemned was fucking intense !, 
  he even got that fouty in a paper bag . 
  shadow of murdur, 
  holy shit . 
  the girl fuckin split, 
  whoa whoa whoa . 
  you ca n't spell manlet with a capital m. 
  what 's worse than having a cancer ? 
  having a cancer and being ugly . 
  i do n't blame her . 
  everywhere these days , you are warned about teen pregnancy , as if it is the worst thing you can do with your life . 
  this builds up a fear inside the teens , so they see a murder of the child as a better option . 
  an easy way out . 
  that 's like saying that black people ca n't lose their job . 
  nobody is a winner here . 
  does she ? 
  at least you 're not poor . 
  when they showed the gas engine powered one , i was sure that a steam engine powered one would follow . 
  at least you have family . 
  goddamit , what else can i come up with ... 
  anyway , i have rheumatic arthritis , so shit 's not all rainbows and bunnies for me either . 
  godspeed brother . 
  the longest journey . 
  what ? 
  so , what you 're saying is that i can store some of my memory blocks in my wife 's brain ? 
  or does it work like raid1 ? 
  60 % after some 20 hours . 
  i am collecting all the lootchests . 
  i am not very far in the story . 
  does this make you more immune to break during interrogations in gitmo ? 
  i am considering trying this out . 
  nitecore makes these . 
  that is goddamn beautiful . 
  right ? 
  mine is always looking like a plush toy . 
  this mahfucker ai n't playing . 
  if course it 's czech . 
  everyone knows it 's a piece a shit . 
  what about ps vita 64gb memory cards ? 
  they are the printer ink of memory cards at like $ 200 a piece, 
  or just the girl scouts . 
  you should have sent them on a screening of big hero 6 and then laugh at them after the movie , when they are crying in fetal position on the ground . 
  get a load of this, 
  if you are searching for a cheap cpu that can run some modern games , i can only recommend the i5 3570 . 
  it is on socket 1155 . 
  it is kinda old now , so you can get it fairly cheap . 
  never have i ever had any slowdowns because of that cpu . 
  i am still not over it . 
  i was definitely not satisfied with my care . 
  best animated movie to date . 
  there is i5 3570k for the 1150 . 
  but i guess it will be more expensive . 
  when you listen to it . 
  you immediately feel like driving a lotus esprit down the miami seaside road during a sunset . 
  i do n't know why music like this does n't get more recognition . 
  i 'm satisfied with my care ; _ ;,
