  look how many people the god has killed , according to bible . 
  you could get an i7 or a xeon and spare yourself the hustle of overclocking . 
  hey man , i ai n't no expert , but i just thought the money could be spent otherwise with better results . 
  about the ssd ... you can always make a raid0 array , that 's what i was talking about . 
  even from the cd ? 
  i know you can play digital copies from psn . 
  damn , wish that was true for ps4 . 
  shit , that is some powerfull anthem . 
  me neither . 
  our anthem is just about blossoming flowers and shit . 
  i would be so proud to sing the song of the north as my anthem . 
  i am from cz in fact . 
  yeah well , sure . 
  if you consider the other options ... yeah it is . 
  peace is for goddamn commies !, 
  freedom is not free . 
  cost is a sacrifice of your best creatures . 
  but you gain the freedom , no goddamn commie can ever achieve . 
  like colonel, 
  whooooa i have my own card . 
  yes you did jaydeeos . 
  yes , you , did . 
  why does nobody say wizard anymore ? ... 
  * dead stare * you have no idea , young one . 
  damn , i hope they make another robot chicken for the new movie . 
  big boss no doubt . 
  finally someone who thinks the original mgs was the best one . 
  playing it on vita right now . 
  i still ca n't believe , how old the game is . 
  even the voices are so clear . 
  vita is the true fan 's console . 
  so many resurrected memories ... 
  lanaaaaaaa, 
  hah , how ironic . 
  i did n't enjoy any of the games you mentioned . 
  but being able to play all the older final fantasy games , mgs , sly ... 
  this is the beautiful thing about vita . 
  it has games for everyone and anyone . 
  she ca n't work out either . 
  decoy cocktopus, 
  cold steel , boker , kershaw , ka-bar . 
  best companies with entry level knives . 
  look at the bright side !, 
  she could still be a pedofile . 
  sick !, 
  topkek, 
  did you cry in the car ? 
  i would definitely cry . 
  even over a cheating bitch . 
  nice people problems . 
  upvoted just for how confusing this whole thread is . 
  you '' re not, 
  that emotionless expression of the mask is so terrifying . 
  i think gladiators used to use these to drive fear of inhumanity into their adversaries ' minds . 
  how about hitting a bong ? 
  is that an abuse ? 
  what does tom petty has to do with this ? 
  on top of that , that the substance is actually abusing you . 
  metal pug rising, 
  when i watched it as a kid , it was all spaceships and lasers . 
  when i watched it recently , it 's just all about politics . 
  was the flat tire first , or the dinner ? 
  also , it was directed by anon . 
  does that mean , it was a greentext story ? 
  ooooh my mom did the same thing , but she was threatening me with going to hospital , if i do n't eat , sleep etc. . . 
  i was diagnosed with revmatic arthritis at the age of 5 and spent like 5 months a year laying in the hospital till i was 16 or so . 
  being operated on like 12 times when i was about 10 years old . 
  so when i could n't eat due to the stomach sickness the endobullin ivs were causing , she would just pack my clothes and say that tomorrow i was going to a hospital for a long time . 
  i did n't give a shit . 
  by the age of 9 i was already so sarcastic about life as a whole , i just could n't care anymore . 
  it 's kinda different from the previous ac games . 
  so after playing the 3 ac games in a row , i would say it for you it will be liberating . 
  yeeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhh, 
  why is it , that everybody plays the original mgs now ? 
  hell , even i am playing it right now . 
  i was just going for the pun . 
  but seriously now . 
  you play as a woman with a little bit different play style . 
  the story is pretty good . 
  but considering the verticality , i would say it is on the same level as ac3, 
  bing has a street view !, 
  i do n't believe that my gtx 750 ti wo n't run it on ultra . 
  what happened to start-2 ? 
  there were 7 people in the room . 
  6 of them were girls . 
  again ? 
  i ca n't really have a healthy opinion on this video . 
  i mean , anything negative said about mgs starts my blood to boil . 
  i just love it too much . 
  but yeah , all the positive things he pointed out , are true . 
  i do this , so i can use those people more easily . 
  who 's a good boy ? 
  seriously what else would you ask ? 
  when the hell is helldivers coming out ? 
  i carried a small folder , which i got from a family friend when i was in 4th grade , to school every day . 
  when i started highschool in 2008 i switched to a bigger one plus pushblade . 
  i do n't like knives to be used as a self defense weapon , but i just love my blades . 
  now i am in college and rotate my fixed and folders , so the other knives do n't get jealous . 
  original mgs . 
  come on , you ca n't beat mgs .
