  also all that pirates stuff looks awesome !, 
  i like how we are not even the slightest surprised to see a dick in a video just like that . 
  at least a falling off dick makes us convey some emotion . 
  mmmmm them fps . 
  how can i delete online storage data ? 
  i read that you can do this with content manager , but all i get is this :, 
  edit : link, 
  hahaha , that chubby plane is so awesome !, 
  save it in a bank , get like $ 50k from interest alone a month . 
  give $ 10k each month to my parents , buy a house , a car and build a castle . 
  thanks !, 
  i would prefer mildots , but i guess there will be more scopes for a sniper rifle . 
  uncharted : golden abyss . 
  what a great game . 
  of course , i get it . 
  i am not stupid . 
  but it is kinda ironic how you go to afk to sit at a keyboard . 
  if you want super lightweight look at nitecore tube . 
  everytime i work on my car with my dad . 
  he always asks about the new flashlight i am holding for him , so he can `` do it better than me '' . 
  huh , looks like / r/buildapc stormed this poll . 
  is this a reference to the video of the boy with a light stick ? 
  yeah , i love working on my cars with him . 
  we never did much stuff together , but now it is our thing to do and i love it . 
  also i can use my flashlights a lot , so it is a win win . 
  mmmm love me some prussia . 
  i really like how superior they were in the military field . 
  but then otto comes and ruins this beautiful country . 
  i mean , i know it was surely for the better , but still . 
  prussia was cool . 
  are you going to ... 
  discharge them ? 
  bahahahaha, 
  and it is a fucking borderlands 2 on the go !, 
  you ca n't bend freedom . 
  i paid $ 25 when it came out . 
  no regrets . 
  all i need is 20 good men . 
  how is the performance , if you keep the 30 fps lock on ? 
  or the original the longest journey . 
  how does it run on the ps4 ? 
  i must be hearing things . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  looks damn similar . 
  `` oi , looky there , what are ya up to , chap ? '', 
  ey , jus ' havin ' a stroke , mate ! '', 
  cheers bruv ! '', 
  few 're . 
  i bet there were some workers that wanted into the club , so they jumped down on purpose . 
  i think gtx 750 ti strix can do it . 
  is that a stig ? 
  hey , at least sony still supports vita . 
  you 're goddamn right , patriot !, 
  i bought the ps4 white destiny bundle . 
  after 4 months of destiny , i traded it in for mgs : hd for ps vita . 
  no regrets . 
  this shit is atrocious . 
  i kinda like it . 
  i would . 
  what ? 
  well , yeah the sidebar in this subreddit states , that `` other '' or equivalent has to be included in the gender/sex field . 
  it does n't have to be gender , it can be sex . 
  look , i really do n't understand what the `` other '' option is for , but i am all for following the rules . 
  oh gender works that way , but the maker put in sex so i do n't know . 
  we are both right . 
  berry from archer . 
  be is super durable . 
  so is that like ... twice every 100 years ? 
  thanks , i am on the go , so i did n't feel like googling . 
  freedom is n't onesided . 
  time for tendies for din din !, 
  coke and enormous tits . 
  cold showers are actually very comfortable . 
  you just need to shower with hot water prior . 
  you 're a kid now , you 're squid now, 
  first thing i saw . 
  we need someone to identity . 
  being raped is actually very comfortable . 
  you just need to be knocked out cold prior . 
  i like how this does n't bash consoles . 
  it is written just as it really is . 
  why does he hold the grip so low ? 
  the oper8tr is holding the gun in a really weird way . 
  why he hold dat gat wrong ?? 
  man , the longest journey and beyond good and evil . 
  you speak from my soul . 
  also dreamfall could be managable . 
  i see a lot of people who have vita seem to like the longest journey . 
  i am pleased . 
  well , you can play it on vita . 
  what ? 
  dude , it is so unfair . 
  whoa , i have the set this piece is from . 
  there are also photovoltaic panels . 
  a lot of people like to carry their fix blades on their back sideways since the jurassic world movie came out . 
  as a cripple , this was really straightforward . 
  race the sun, 
  25 feet per second ? 
  such cool grandparents . 
  `` we had to talk down our marine corps flag so we could fly the gay flag '',
