  oh , alright . 
  i did n't know that , a guy i know was sentenced for 5 years for just having a silencer prototype he was making . 
  and i live in eastern europe . 
  i really do n't know what did i do wrong . 
  alright . 
  i 'll shut up now . 
  i hate early access . 
  is the game worth it ? 
  i look at some pictures and i loved what i saw . 
  i fucking hate when someone is giving me the way . 
  i god , are you really the rng jesus ? 
  i hope master rahool makes some fat sacrifices for you !, 
  also yes , some devs are a bunch of jackasses . 
  i replayed this game like 2 years ago ( runs alright on modern pcs ) and it took me about 3 hours to complete the campaign . 
  best 3 hours of the last 2 years though . 
  i bet you still hoard all the sweet engrams for yourself , do n't you . 
  do you often pick up chicks with `` i am a former undercover investigator '' ? 
  just one ? 
  my grandma makes them and i can eat like 6 of those suckers . 
  there should also be a blueprint for a tinfoil hat . 
  i should have never made that comment . 
  oh , now i get it . 
  we sometimes eat these dumplings as a main course . 
  as a dessert , one is completely sufficient . 
  since the 9/9/14 baby !, 
  already sold the game though . 
  reached lvl 30 and then it was n't as much fun . 
  i even wrote a song about destiny lol . 
  i just love the sound of missiles scrambling . 
  man , the end of the first chapter ... dem feels . 
  yeah , i traded it in for mgs collection for my vita . 
  i might pick it up again when there 's a good deal on psn . 
  after they nerfed the cave and i 've had enough of shoulder charging in pvp , i got bored . 
  but yeah , see you there !, 
  i saw this on = 3 when rwj was still the host . 
  are you using 1080 in windows ? 
  what cable is your monitor connected by ? 
  are you obi wan ? 
  do you have a dvi cable ( white one ) on hand ? 
  i would try that . 
  * hosts, 
  welcome to r/unexpected, 
  for kane !, 
  kane 's wrath is the best cnc imo . 
  if he layed off his foot and pressed the gas pedal lightly , he would be able to push through . 
  when the tire starts slipping , it does n't produce sufficient grip . 
  oh yeah , the campaign was best in tw but the multiplayer was certainly best in kw . 
  oh man , those nights spent ... 
  the gang is at it again . 
  war can wait , there is shit to discover . 
  video does n't work . 
  soooo ... does anybody have a source ? 
  simple . 
  if you make a game with story , make it the center piece . 
  if you make a game just for the gameplay 's sake , do n't make any misused attempts at cramming in the story . 
  this is some decoy octopus shit right there . 
  where have i seen this ? 
  2009 internet !, 
  from japan . 
  breaking news !, 
  all of the overseas troops are now journalists !, 
  maybe , just maybe you have to collect them in the himalayas while on a mission . 
  i am not that far though . 
  the trailer opens up with stormtroopers surrounding a house on a desert-like planet . 
  the camera is inside now , it is dark in there . 
  one of the stormtroopers kicks open the door . 
  they start searching the house . 
  from the dark , they suddenly hear gritty voice : `` kept you waiting , huh ? '', 
  the soldiers freeze , followed by lightsaber activation sound . 
  cuts to black . 
  it is actually a trailer for mgs : tpp . 
  i do n't know why i made that up . 
  i am on 76.7 % now on hard and never had a single problem . 
  but i guess i am used to all kinds of controls . 
  my favourite games are mgs and alpha protocol , so yeah . 
  edit : why not play on pc then ? 
  or connect mouse and keyboard to the xbox ? 
  ps4 can recognize mouse and keyboard as a controller , not sure about xone . 
  there is still something magical about dreamfall . 
  like the story is actually true . 
  the thing that chapters is missing . 
  i do n't want to sound offensive , but what other genders are out there ? 
  or is male/female sex and not gender ? 
  only shell 2 personnel will understand . 
  insecure guys claim they are anonymous , insecure girls claim they are some homo sapiens hybrid . 
  what a world we live in . 
  datadisc , son . 
  `` hey dad , i love you . '', 
  `` what the fuck you say ? '', 
  `` april fools bitch !, 
  i 'm out . '', 
  is n't transgender just the f to m and m to f ? 
  now that i look at it . 
  it really is an impressive photograph . 
  frozen was ok . 
  but big hero 6 , now that was a movie . 
  try going to options a reset outposts . 
  maybe the cargo travels between outposts and you need at least two to spawn it . 
  i do n't know though . 
  take me down to the paradise city ...
