  this made me laugh like an idiot . 
  oh no , not this again, 
  ok , this is another kind of post , that i will always upvote . 
  is that a mini-z scale rc car ? 
  czech : we like your rolls-royces and aston martins . 
  not much more going around here . 
  those fucking magnets . 
  i mean , how do they work ? 
  does colorado really look and feel like in that forza horizon game ? 
  i would cry from happiness if it did . 
  mass effect was one of the best things in my life . 
  and i have experienced plenty of awesome things . 
  oh , well then , we are on the same boat though . 
  mirror 's edge always emerges this special feeling inside me . 
  is this one from the kasumi dlc ? 
  that view brought me to tears . 
  death . 
  fuck death . 
  what knife do you use ? 
  do you sharpen your blades with naturaly smooth rocks ? 
  am i the only one here who thinks the arrow show is brilliant so far ? 
  especially the island parts . 
  oh man , i have watched it so many times ... the adreanochrome scene is my favourite . 
  dammit steve . 
  i have to read that book . 
  i owe it to thompson . 
  obliterated nations would be glad to be decimated . 
  i love the scene where nobody gets it how the step up from the row on the deck works . 
  also a gonzo journalism writing style ? 
  everything was crazier in 80 ' . 
  i will have to seek that book in my first language or order it for some hellish fee from uk in english . 
  do n't you by any chance have it for kindle or something ? 
  rape fruit is the new grape fruit, 
  nothing represents humanity more than a ` murican democracy-bringer . 
  still ai n't got shit on mother russia . 
  outstanding in all aspects then . 
  what a sad world do we live in ... preussens gloria !, 
  my country only gives you good porn and tasty beer and this is what we get ? 
  it 's in revengeance too, 
  does n't apply for driving . 
  source : own experience, 
  is it the one where a guy from street participates in ilegal fistfights ? 
  it is slovakian , not czech . 
  after the splitting , we no longer like slovakian . 
  how about \u0160koda cars ? 
  do you know them ? 
  or the word robot . 
  yeah , i am a czech by flesh and bone . 
  google translator is a piece of shit . 
  i was born in former czechoslovakia but on the czech territory . 
  i know a guy from il who is from poland , and is also not fluent in polish language . 
  i currently know 4 languages . 
  two fluently ( czech , slovakian and english ) and moderately german . 
  you should hone your czech language , not because you will use it , but because it is a great training for your brain . 
  it had decent fight scenes . 
  that was all i cared for . 
  eggs ? 
  i think i am lost here . 
  yeah that could be tough . 
  the letter \u0159 for example ? 
  that shit is fucked . 
  the movie is called `` trainspotting '', 
  or the word dollar , from czech `` tolar '' . 
  the word the rules the world . 
  oh i see you a very educated . 
  you are a good one . 
  well , there is . 
  but is there enough bacon let alone for everyone ? 
  brings one to a lot of questions . 
  there are many words from czech to be found in english . 
  robot from karel \u010capek 's `` rur '' novel and `` p\u00ed\u0161\u0165ala '' as a czech acronym for pistol . 
  does it have some kind of pendulum inside it 's body that alignes the vector of thrusting with the vector of gravity ? 
  so much talk about czech republic last week and then this ? 
  sigh, 
  ah man , i listened to that song like 100 times since i found out about it . 
  i do similar things , but i drink whiskey or vodka . 
  oh yeah , they are the shit . 
  i always play pirates of the caribbean with a bottle of rum !, 
  no really , i am a alcoholic who plays games for kids . 
  that is an awesome video, 
  i always get some magical kinda nostalgic feeling while listening to that song . 
  i remember all those days of my teenage years . 
  chasing girls at summer ... geez man , got ta listen to some 80 ' speed metal now . 
  i do that all the time and i always regret it , when i see blood around my nails . 
  no not the bees !, 
  i just lost the game . 
  do we still do the game ? 
  only the first few times ... 
  you can solder 5 layer semiconductor ? 
  is it just me , or is it saints row 3 themed ? 
  cats ca n't do that too . 
  and then fucking his stab wounds . 
  too bad i watched blade runner totally drunk . 
  should i watch it again ? 
  i do n't remember shit . 
  time to retire in your case, 
  i like this video adaptation . 
  it brings hope to my soul . 
  the whole speech feels most like a deus ex . 
  but yeah , me with that ending rooftop scene ...
