  i got that one . 
  hey !, 
  what was it ? 
  i think mgs2 was the first with memes . 
  to legally own a gun in cz you have to train at a police station , pass psychological exams , firearm maintenance test and do well on a target shooting . 
  well \u010ct does n't fuck around . 
  they are owned by the state so they are responsible for delivering it like it is . 
  other czech tv channels are private and are heavily biased by the companies/politicians that own it . 
  so how is it other eu countries ? 
  cool , i did n't know that and now i do . 
  yeah , there is even no maximum capacity of magazines in cz . 
  or use gtx750ti for lower power consumption . 
  are ... are you ... are you making a historical game for vita ? 
  yeah , well the guys requirements are not really that demanding . 
  fuck yes , i hope he still lives in that tree . 
  when i was younger , i always wished to live in a tree like him . 
  many new faces , some old ones ( yaaay ) and a horrible vfx . 
  i can not wait m8 . 
  is it gon na have nightcall by kavinski ? 
  like outbreak by labtracks ? 
  what ? 
  i am a casual . 
  i just like this sub for the lack of memes . 
  what did i do wrong ? 
  i am confused man . 
  when you are reaaaaaly drunk by red wine , you vomit shit you would n't believe . 
  ok , alright . 
  i get it . 
  i guess the tray was used for chicken tendies . 
  i love big butts . 
  i would like to be catcalled :( at least once . 
  would this work if you put say ... a penis in it ? 
  well , are you not ? 
  it 's a power glove . 
  i hope she said : `` you 're ... 
  pretty good . '', 
  oh god i love pugs . 
  i ship them so hard . 
  worlds best secret agent . 
  that would hit the spot . 
  boom !, 
  i hope they had a light signal . 
  not a sound one . 
  that way , the further they are , the more out of sync they would get . 
  that is so cool . 
  what car is that ? 
  i see it is some old austin , but can not make out the model . 
  that is so nitecore ( tm26 ), 
  sniper wolf likes this . 
  what the shit ? 
  a super similar thing happened to my mother 's friend . 
  `` do you people even give a shit ? '', 
  so much to dew, 
  that voice is so mlg . 
  the megaton edition . 
  man , uncharted is sooo good . 
  is this the tree from hobbit ? 
  i feel ya . 
  i have completed it 3 times in a row during 4 days to get the platinum . 
  even on the third playthrough , i still had fun . 
  nah the first dog parkoured the log . 
  the second one is free running . 
  that new ford in the back tho . 
  those 50/50 edge plebs . 
  i only had one decent otf in my hands and it was a microtech . 
  was kinda solid , but would n't get it for the money . 
  persona 4 for vita . 
  i could die happy . 
  is this taken from the schwarzenberg palace ? 
  i swear , if we get driveclub , na is gon na be out of their mind . 
  possibly c&c 3 : kane 's wrath . 
  or tf2 . 
  is the line-up the same for eu and us ? 
  cool . 
  czech republic . 
  land of drunken politicians . 
  it 's 60hz on left eye and 60hz on right eye . 
  dat ka-bar tho, 
  i got it on ps + , after 120 hours i have reached level 600 and got the platinum . 
  the story ends after 70 hours , but i have n't been bored a single hour even after another 50 hours of gameplay . 
  did you play `` tony haws project 8 '' back in the day of java games on cell phones ? 
  i would not like the game , if it were n't for the difficulty . 
  i love me some challenge . 
  i tried the first pro level and it was n't that bad . 
  what scares me are the rad levels . 
  using the dpad would be more precise , but the analog is more comfortable . 
  an a real hero, 
  playing as ocelot ? 
  this game would have to be 300 hours long to even get you up to speed about what is your situation . 
  you just hold the stick down , that way you can do the 720 \u00b0 etc. 
  tricks . 
  this breaks my heart . 
  what is his condition ? 
  please post update as a reply to my comment . 
  may the force be with your old boy . 
  nope have n't played it . 
  i might have seen a lot , but apparently i have n't seen enough . 
  oh god . 
  i am so sad right now :( i believe he is in dog heaven . 
  dank the ps4 is so sexy .
