  that is pretty much the only thing i would get happy insane over if i got it . 
  get ready for some czech porn and potato rum on your doorsteps , you capitalist dogs !, 
  just pres random and enjoy . 
  adele - hometown glory ( high contrast remix ), 
  appearently i am the most og liquicitizen in this thread . 
  it really depends in the mood i am in . 
  sometimes i like to chill to some mellow tracks and sometimes i need an energy bursting song from matrix & futurebound or stansb, 
  first semester math class . 
  i just do n't understand how am i supposed to learn all that . 
  i have as in all my other classes such as algorithms , uml , pc architecture etc. 
  but those fucking functions and derivations and shit , i hate it . 
  was it an expansive cutlery ? 
  i know this is n't that important , i am just wondering what kind of cutlery was in your backpack . 
  if they took my edc bag , i would cry in agony . 
  they were some low level crooks obviously pointing out they do n't know how to retrieve the cd player from a car . 
  but damn how many benchmades did you have there ? 
  that hits home , man . 
  i would definitely buy a bag from maxpedition . 
  if you like traditional styled backback , they have a wide variety of bags of various sizes . 
  and if you are more into some modern stuff , look at their gearslinger series bags . 
  i own a sitka and am very satisfied . 
  the only downside ( of advantage , it depends on the user ) is that , their products look very `` tactical '' . 
  oh , do n't forget about 5.11 , for example their covrt 18 backpack is kinda suitable for edc . 
  considering my minigrip costed me 100 bucks , they better pay up . 
  what state do you live in ? 
  is this kind of crimes frequent where you live ? 
  because , you should get some neat insurance plan before someone tries to mess with your stuff again . 
  this is really fucked up , my mother got stolen her car from the driveway once and few years later , we got our rv stolen at 1pm , while there were 3 people in the house . 
  ahhhh so many brilliant knives in the hands of ignorant crooks . 
  i feel so bad for you and the knives . 
  i usually carry just my minigrip and ka-bar . 
  i would n't get over losing half of my collection . 
  the worst thing is , that i saw the rv a week later after it was stolen cruising in our city . 
  police really `` did their job '' that day . 
  i would be crushed by the emotional bond with the blades being broken . 
  nice one . 
  people hardly ever believe me , when i tell them , my knife is razor sharp . 
  one night , when i had friends over , the topic came up and this one guy really did n't buy it . 
  after he passed out totaly hammered , the next thing i did was shave his left eyebrow . 
  he found out in the morning and told me `` if i did n't know , you have a knife at yourself all the time i would wrestle you right now '' . 
  i have n't seen him since then . 
  but i think he is doing fine . 
  precisely , i feel offended when someone doubts my knife tending skills . 
  oh yeah , when i do n't have a knife or cell phone in my pockets i keep tapping them and feeling very uncomfortable . 
  the only valuable thing i carry in my car is a leatherman . 
  it has proved it 's worth tenfold . 
  autocorrect has done some hideous things with your comment . 
  well yeah , i have a toolbox in the trunk but keep my wave in the glovebox . 
  you are right about the sheath . 
  it is just functional , not very fashionable . 
  and the weight ... 
  i do n't know if there are any materials , which would make the tool lighter , while preserving the durability . 
  the sheath fits nicely on a molle with some modifications , though . 
  i hope he dies . 
  what is the cvi\u010dek ? 
  i am , in fact . 
  i am happy for the guy , but i just thought , people would find that comment funny . 
  i was wrong . 
  i got banned from our local mcdonald 's for puking all over their front porch . 
  my penis, 
  you can afford ps4 every day ? 
  please by my reddit santa . 
  it really sucks that tuition is so expansive in us . 
  i wish you all the best , man !, 
  so , if my brother plays diablo 3 on his ps4 , can i join his game on my vita to play coop ? 
  vita will be known as the controller with its own display since now on . 
  god damned remote play . 
  plus all that cross play , cross buy stuff . 
  you can play multiplayer or coop with people who have vita on your ps4 in certain games . 
  damnit , how would it be expansive ? 
  i did n't think this through . 
  i was wrong , you were right . 
  myself, 
  well , as i know killzone and it 's invadings ... 
  it says `` less ghetto version '' . 
  i want to know , where can i watch the full ghetto version . 
  did you hear about vietcong ? 
  it 's a czech game by the current arma developers . 
  finaly someone who also has micro recon1, 
  steady 30 is better than stuttering 60 . 
  killzone has to install circa 40 gb . 
  as a european i will play the wait game . 
  i 'm gon na be the only one and ask . 
  what happened to your hand ? 
  the ps4 version has all of the dlc costumes included in the retail game fyi . 
  it really is a tiny sturdy thing . 
  i love mine . 
  yes . 
  i was just answering the question . 
  in case you buy ps4 you can exchange the ps3 version for ps4 version for $ 10 . 
  pretty fair if you ask me . 
  i wonder if there is an upgrade option for digital copies . 
  right ? 
  and it is even easier to switch digital copies instead of physical discs . 
  yeah , it 's better to preorder and you even get it sooner . 
  it 's 5am for us continental citizens . 
  i have already set my alarm clock and put beer in the fridge . 
  that last move was fabulous . 
  i really liked maximus . 
  dude , i watched that movie twice and i was shitfaced both times .
