  that 's right !, 
  i have played enough of mgs 1 to know what was going on . 
  never thought i would see such a treacherous tactic in action . 
  also , would you know why did the woman to the end of the video yell allah akbar ? 
  you throw the pommel of course !, 
  yeah , i guess it is something between `` oh , god . '', 
  and `` god bless . 
  the abs on that woman . 
  she is extremely fuckable , i must say . 
  the guy is ok , but she is on a different level . 
  but i think he is a better dancer . 
  you get an origin key . 
  i have never bought a region locked origin key . 
  nah , you get a random steam key when you buy that . 
  i buy those as christmass presents and it is legit . 
  you can get some indie game under the price , but you can also get legendary edition skyrim . 
  i do n't know what that really means , but they are in compliance with sales laws in czech republic as seen here : https://www.gamesale.cz/?pravidla-obchodu,186, 
  never ran into any region locked key on that site , but that might just be my luck . 
  should i delete the post ? 
  i do n't want to get banned really . 
  yeah , that is a steam key . 
  i never had a region locked key from that site . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  also , found out you can pre purchase just cause 3 for $ 35 there . 
  what the hell ... but i was never let down by that site . 
  like half a dollar over $ 3, 
  well , literally it is `` allah the great . '', 
  if i recall correctly . 
  lost it 's meaning with the time , i guess . 
  is cars bad ? 
  this game is hard has hell . 
  you do n't really die much , but the frustration from the puzzles is just too much . 
  smartphones will have the computing power of today 's best pc cpus . 
  and it will be sooner than you think . 
  i wonder how many percent does a pug represents . 
  whaaat is that ? 
  i knew the kid was shady from the start . 
  weeeell , you just might . 
  happening thread ... oh you know the drill . 
  me3 has rng ( chance to make an enemy explode with incinerate ammo ) , but i think that me2 does n't have this ability . 
  eeeh , i 'd probably go with a mora . 
  every keychain deserves a tube . 
  damn , you made the bear momma angry . 
  `` welcome back new shepard . '', 
  is that the first sentence from the new mass effect ? 
  paging doctor boy !, 
  when kolja jakkov dies in archer and archer is not there to help him . 
  this is too good . 
  everything is even functional . 
  damn , what a rad ride . 
  a patriot to surpass big boss . 
  texas brings guns . 
  eh , i 'd drink it . 
  dat tail . 
  bats takes the chariot races . 
  just the weight of captain is gon na slow the horse down . 
  hah , i am so poor . 
  eragon destroys geralt . 
  and i like geralt more than eragon . 
  did you get some of the new eneloop pro cells ? 
  the game overall is n't about the ending . 
  it is about the journey . 
  my mother teaches in elementary school and has circa $ 10,000 annually . 
  she has phd and all that jazz . 
  been at it for almost 30 years now . 
  this is europe though , but still . 
  that is atrocious . 
  so here is the thing i am desperate about , and so i post it to the almighty reddit . 
  i have a 1990 3.1 l buick regal coupe custom . 
  the car has around 65k miles , but is after a long and thorough restauration so there is not a single part which i would n't have completely removed repaired/cleansed and put back to the original place , everything according to the service manual bible . 
  i have put together like 500 cars in my lifetime , mostly in a much worse shape . 
  everything is in top shelf condition , but one thing is driving me effing crazy . 
  from time to time . 
  i mean completely randomly . 
  the engine runs on idle smoothly , but when i press the accelerator pedal , the engine revs up a little bit , and then dies . 
  i can start it again at once , but the dieing happens again when there is a need of more fuel than on the idle state . 
  but if i wait a while , i can rev the engine up , shift , and drive it like there is nothing wrong . 
  the engine runs smooth and all , but after 5 miles or so , the engine dies , and the whole process of waiting is repeating . 
  oh and sometimes the car runs for like 50 miles without a problem . 
  strange things are happening under the hood . 
  please does someone have any idea ? 
  could it be the electronic control unit ? 
  i do not want to mess with it . 
  any response is welcome . 
  tl ; dr : car engine randomly stalls , eventhough everything is replaced or renovated . 
  shit 's driving me crazy . 
  thank you !, 
  i have recently bought my first edc knife . 
  the cold steel micro recon 1 . 
  i know , it is cs , it has black coating and all that and on top of that i bought the tanto version of the knife . 
  my knife store did n't offer the spear point version of the knife and since i live in the central europe i did n't have a choice , but to buy the tanto one . 
  what i need is an advice , whether is it possible to reforge the blade into some normal type ( anything other than the tanto ) . 
  even the original real tanto would be alright . 
  i have never made anything else with my blades than use them and sharpen , so i am a little bit worried of screwing this up . 
  thanks to everyone with a possible answer . 
  i mean the edc without the bag . 
  just pockets . 
  now i have my cell phone , wallet ( which is pretty fat , i need a slimmer one ) and keys . 
  i also have a cs micro recon 1 but i do n't know what is the best way to carry it . 
  i guess the small coin pocket is the best .
