  if i owned this place , i would rent it for big money to the porn companies . 
  `` reaching the peak '', 
  there should be `` hello ladies '' written in the last picture . 
  dante earned his place in this picture . 
  imagine if this was made by apple . 
  all the comercials . 
  siri commands like `` siri , should i shoot that tenpoint buck ? '', 
  `` pop that bitch , ralph ! '', 
  and so on ... oh at least i am not feeling like a little bitch playing with enemy finding scope in bo2 anymore . 
  mass effect as any member of the normandy crew . 
  joker for instance . 
  upvote for the forza motorsport 4 limited edition flash drive !, 
  i earned every single achievement in that game !, 
  played it 4 times through , one after each other . 
  story was different every time . 
  and it even did n't sell that bad . 
  i think that was one of the games which came in too late , for today 's gamers . 
  that game was awesome !, 
  i do not like mainstream hip hop music , but ever since i played that game , i like to listen to old 50 cent songs , just to remember the times i played this game with my friends . 
  yeah , completed it on 100 % . 
  i liked the story , and even the freeplay demolition was kinda enjoyable . 
  was it just me , who saw it right away ? 
  our commander told my squad to rush into the base where we kept a very valuable warfare equipment . 
  when we got there , there were like 3 hostile guys chilling like they owned the place !, 
  so we just began our classic furious shoot-out , after which i got stabbed once to my death ... 
  well that would explain the mayan calendar not working in `` 2012 '' ... 
  ahh after a long time , i found a person with same feeling about that game . 
  i do not agree . 
  i have the same case . 
  brotip : unplug those blue leds from your motherboard if you want to sleep with that rig in your bedroom . 
  buy witcher 1 , you ca n't get that on console . 
  the elder scrolls travels for n-gage was a brilliant atmospheric game !, 
  you just have to keep the aim in the middle and let some of far away asteroids hit you . 
  trust me , i have 1000g in that shit . 
  valve is just testing , how much they can control players by these little things . 
  because they are all greedy bastards, 
  this story sounds like call of duty : black ops 2 plot . 
  well , this is kicks some emotional inspirational ass . 
  hey , that is my favourite on consoles !, 
  command and conquer 3 ; command and conquer 3 : kane 's wrath . 
  boy , dem hours i spent on that game ... 
  this is some sad shit bro . 
  i learned that i am a cold heartless bastard . 
  death . 
  i mean , why the fuck is there absolutely nothing after death ? 
  that shit makes me physicaly ill . 
  i live like 120 miles from damnice . 
  it is a pisshole, 
  i want to go to jon lajoie 's concert . 
  please explain . 
  i am a bit dumb . 
  i need this shit right now !, 
  play the sequel , it is the shit, 
  glad i could advise . 
  i played the sequel first and it was pretty immersive . 
  those are probably some car parts . 
  if she studied better , she would n't need to work in a factory . 
  well , this is after red army steamrolled through the camp killing anyone . 
  man , i was there on a schooltrip and while we were going through the dr. mengele 's testing cells and shit , i got pretty dizzy and had to run outside for fresh air ... terrifying as hell . 
  yeah that was sick . 
  and also those incinerators , where they burned the bodies , just to make soap for the remaining prisoners ... 
  i mean , what the fuck . 
  just pop that motherfucker in the oven like a pizza and it will resurect !, 
  trust me . 
  wake up to work every day . 
  i find her very attractive . 
  then the nazi nation attacked ... 
  i love crabs . 
  this picture made me happy . 
  i want bomb-legs too . 
  in ukranian chernobyl , those shrooms are real . 
  the car is czech \u0160koda octavia so europe or western asia . 
  windsor castle is beautifull . 
  i would love to watch a gunplay scene from it in a movie . 
  i guess gaming unites people . 
  bitch , them objective texts were awesome !, 
  judging from all those signs . 
  i think he is an asshole . 
  i think the car is czech \u0160koda favorit . 
  it 's because he will blast your head off with his underbarrel grenade launcher . 
  exactly !, 
  on the second thought , you are right . 
  they are kinda similar , but this actualy looks more like samara . 
  good point there , man !, 
  let 's call it a draw then . 
  imagine this conversation happened on youtube for example . 
  we both would be already cocksucking motherfuckers . 
  you are a good man , 
  the former was og , sure . 
  but the current one is that type of pope , which makes humble apperance , then walks around his billion dollar crib with a whiskey in eternal life chalice . 
  i always upvote posts like this . 
  i have been walking with crutches since i was 5 years old . 
  i never had any problems finding friends . 
  and never have i been made fun of , or verbally/physicaly assaulted . 
  it 's all about personality . 
  if you are whiny and grumpy because of your condition , you will just have to ( puts on shades ) walk over it . 
  i was going to class with two autistic dudes in ground school . 
  one remembered whole mushroom atlas and the other one said the most hilarious brutal jokes . 
  we are good friends now when we are 20 . 
  that is beautiful,
