  i would buy a different brand ssd . 
  intel , samsung or crucial . 
  it 's always there . 
  every year . 
  in our hearts . 
  jack stomps this 10/10 . 
  he can do like 1000 cuts in a second . 
  speed is everything when all you need is a single stab/slash . 
  how many people will miss me . 
  full size usmc ka-bar . 
  it checks all your boxes . 
  it 's a silent killer , lana . 
  that 's why it 's so scary . 
  automatic braking . 
  where 's the fun in that ? 
  so now we ca n't hate people anymore ? 
  well , back to 4chan . 
  giant crab , massive damage . 
  i have only played 2 of them . 
  tales from the borderlands , which is hilarious with almost no puzzles and more of a `` talking '' adventure game . 
  and life is strange which is super immersive and emotional if you take your time with it and explore all of the locations thoroughly . 
  also there is a moderate amount of puzzles including one mysterious mechanic which i wo n't spoil . 
  too bad it went to shit pretty much after that . 
  nothing . 
  1991 regal checking in . 
  i actually have a cutlass engine in it . 
  metal ... gear ? 
  750 ti is a godsend . 
  mgs1 . 
  really dude . 
  the game holds up perfectly after all those years . 
  best mgs in my opinion . 
  - just bb things, 
  sure is . 
  i did n't know what a console is until i was 16 . 
  you are from the land of the free , huh ? 
  well , you could always download the msx emulator and play it there . 
  it 's pirating , but in this case , it is better than omitting mgs1 in your life . 
  the e-book that is in mgs2 extras in the mgshd collection on vita is also great . 
  but nothing beats playing the game . 
  thank you for your honesty . 
  why does she have a czech surname ? 
  if you do n't mind the fixed blade and higher price . 
  comes in a fruity green colour too !, 
  great for not scaring folks in vicinity when you whip it out . 
  three words : dank , memes, 
  is that mkbhd ? 
  missionary position for 5 years in a row . 
  old privilege is now my new trigger . 
  knife throwing is a great sport . 
  you can do competitions , tricks , anything . 
  but boy , do n't try to use knife throwing in any offensive/defensive scenario . 
  why is n't moira on the list ? 
  to anyone who buys this : if you play this game without playing the first two itterations , you are gon na get like a 20 % entertainment out of it . 
  this is some destiny shit . 
  how does the door handle work ? 
  hahaha , what a great blade . 
  that is a shithouse . 
  finally someone without a gun . 
  you could just wear a dollar store watch . 
  they are all accurate now . 
  i watched only the first season , after that , it was just drama and no action . 
  does season 2 have all the great music and oliver going ape shit , killing goons of some high profile target ? 
  the first one is a mess and the second one ... please , using an icepick grip in a fight ? 
  crutches . 
  so you have to like push it out , then pull ? 
  this is very probable . 
  that was some boondock saints shit . 
  so , which characters are still alive , that are not gigantic asshats :, 
  arya ( blind ), 
  jaime ( confused ), 
  bronn ( still awesome ), 
  the small council ( full of meisters ), 
  littlefinger ( plotting ), 
  varys ( feels great to be back ), 
  tyrion ( forming a republic ), 
  jorah ( greyscaled ), 
  daario ( off to an adventure ), 
  sam ( off to college ), 
  why do people always beat their adversaries to the head when they are down ? 
  would n't it be more effective to get them in a chokehold and wait till they stop breathing ? 
  pugs look like that all the time . 
  you sure are n't married . 
  i feel bad for steve jobs . 
  can confirm . 
  being in a relationship is the tits . 
  mmmmm that car would look great without all that glue-on chrome shit . 
  never seen an equus here in europe , eventhough hyundais are a going through a boom here . 
  not too many now . 
  but oh boy , you should have seen me when i was playing rainbow moon . 
  it was like 5 hours a day . 
  average speed of 120 km/h ? 
  i usually have 40 or less . 
  that is the city life for me . 
  k thanks . 
  never been in a fight , so i reckoned i 'd ask . 
  nitecore makes superior chargers . 
  if you do n't count hobby chargers . 
  in the fable legends ? 
  i also thought that it was the queen regent 's voice .
