  it will take some time , my upload is dead slow . 
  40 % by now . 
  i will reply the link tomorrow . 
  it is 3 am here . 
  good night . 
  that 's for driving a french car, 
  here , try this . 
  i uploaded it to my google drive . 
  i hope it works . 
  i have this one too . 
  but not with original controllers :(, 
  yeah i still think blood on the sand is better than the whole gears of war thing . 
  and i am not a rap fan . 
  i did n't mean this one particular console . 
  but that i have a famicom too . 
  i only have one controller which looks like the snes one and a blaster pistol . 
  well cosidering the nuclear warheads explode circa 300 meters above ground to cause more damage . 
  this would n't really help . 
  what do you mean by messing ? 
  i love bows . 
  do n't make me cry . 
  that would be kinda risky . 
  but hey , there is a live nuclear missile one mile from you so what the hell , right ? 
  that was one modern architecture palace . 
  really no chronicles of narnia ? 
  i still love it . 
  the horse and his boy was my all time favourite . 
  i do n't understand, 
  you lifted some weight of my chest here , friend . 
  i think bows are perfect hobby/sport . 
  although kinda expensive . 
  what the fuck . 
  is n't there a lot of oxygen in the blood from our lungs ? 
  is n't the crackling caused by air escaping the joints or something like that ? 
  right ? 
  i zoomed in and it really looks shoped . 
  as much as i dislike small dogs , pugs are my weak spot . 
  and this black one is enormously cute . 
  why is this quote so popular ? 
  i know , i read the books . 
  i just do n't know why this particular quote stuck in . 
  silver chair was also the shit . 
  i always liked these roadtrip stories . 
  the magicans nephew was the first narnia book i have read . 
  yeah , i hope they will not end like eragon . 
  this is awesome , i would love to have this setup under my blanket in my early years . 
  yeah it is . 
  then they will do the other three . 
  kinda awkward timeline they are building by this . 
  did the movies have the same director ? 
  you can . 
  i know that . 
  the snoop dog one ? 
  that shit was scary and it is 1 am here . 
  we have something in common . 
  i have these on my crutches . 
  alright then . 
  is n't she like an heir to the hilton hotel empire ? 
  zuckerberg is know because of facebook the same way bill gates is known because of microsoft . 
  yeah fb is dumb but it is out there . 
  that is actually a decent song . 
  flashlight , serious knife and a multitool are the basic man survival items . 
  i watch many but arrow is my top now . 
  oliver queen . 
  shit that guy is awesome . 
  it is kinda weird ... but i hope they will not spoil horse and his boy , magican 's nephew and silver chair . 
  they are some very good stories . 
  however the final battle ... 
  i really do not care about final battle . 
  i heard it won some prices ( or prizes ? 
  i do n't know now ) but it was n't that awesome . 
  that fucking thief . 
  why mac ? 
  `` i 'll be with my friends/family this weekend . '', 
  hell yeah baby , drunk gaming !!, 
  there are so many blast holes :o, 
  had to check the comment first before another spider heart attack . 
  inb4 you came to a wrong neighbourhood bitch meme, 
  there is a lot of yummy in this picture . 
  i played witcher 2 on my 360 and loved it !, 
  got all the achievements . 
  yesterday , i bought the original witcher on steam , and holy hell , that game is disgusting . 
  has czech dubing though . 
  i like onua . 
  but yea , lewa was probably my favourite . 
  i mean , dat axe !, 
  and aurora . 
  shit , do you know how wealthy are gun running families in ethiopia ? 
  napoleon , hitler , anyone invades russia . 
  ftfy, 
  how the fuck do i make a new line ? 
  but nikola was a baller back then . 
  edison was just a nerd . 
  ahhh now that is better . 
  thank you partner . 
  he looks like a character from metal gear solid with that headband . 
  pretty cool . 
  i would fund the shit out of a space travel program . 
  no , seriously , i would pay like $ 100 each month . 
  because i believe , exploring the universe is the only task the earth clan shoud pursue .
