  i can not walk since 5 years old . 
  i have a girlfriend for 3 years now . 
  every movement that i make hurts like a bitch . 
  still i work out , take walks with a dog ... 
  the only thing that sucks in my life is my minor alcohol addiction . 
  oh and not being able to fucking walk . 
  pocket sand ? 
  why the fuck did you get so drasticaly downvoted ? 
  or just a tank . 
  that is bullshit . 
  to what kind of energy would the electricity convert ? 
  my entire country has either 95 , 98 or 100 oct gas . 
  i think it looks kinda like a marker from dead space, 
  god dammit marie !, 
  how many times do i have to tell you they 're minerals . 
  i had this idea when i was like 14 . 
  well you are never alone . 
  can i still click the button on the 5s or is it just touch senzor ? 
  that would suck . 
  so if you return the phone to apple for let 's say hardware and you do n't give them the passcode , they can just throw it to the garbage ? 
  ask him what party will he vote for , now that the government is falling apart again . 
  i am from prague - east and am curious what political regime did he like most . 
  not sucking some hobo 's dick, 
  ca n't blame your father since juranek 's trust lays with christians . 
  i will vote for any right hand party there is . 
  straightly because i did n't live through the communist era ... 
  i have one of those, 
  that was a pretty decent game, 
  is this the one with ghost rider ? 
  when the battery nears its end , it takes up to one minute to turn it on or switch modes . 
  but a great flashlight anyhow . 
  at least a blowjob . 
  i know i would do it !, 
  i want to see that, 
  well the vet was just trained better and fucking nuts . 
  very short recurve, 
  i was already thinking about writing a bug report, 
  in our postcommunist country is the movie named just x2, 
  quick . 
  never been in a knife fight , but they surely are quick . 
  the numbers mason !, 
  well extrema ratio makes some over the top knives . 
  speeding, 
  fucking spiders . 
  without spiders , we would now have a foot long wasps and a trillion flies for a cubic meter . 
  that 's like ... your opinion , man . 
  yeah , it was kinda different . 
  i loved the ` nam refferences . 
  it 's simple , i did n't . 
  they would be eaten preferably by birds , which are bigger than wasps , so wasps would evolve to match their size . 
  but when they are eaten by spiders , the wasps evolve in a different kind of way . 
  r/imgoingtohellforthis would love you, 
  live is sure giving you lemons ... with cheliceras, 
  nature is a misterious lady, 
  you would die from a single sting, 
  i cooked it myself one sunday . 
  took me around a month to gather all the spices and stuff . 
  that shit was from the heaven . 
  is gta v like 20 years after gta sa ? 
  a girlfriend who cares about your interests ... what a rare species ... 
  i always sneeze to my fist, 
  exactly, 
  throw 'em to the ground !, 
  path of exile, 
  gta 5, 
  you ca n't place a photo of a spider without warning !, 
  gosh i just hadba heartattack for god sake . 
  who would pay for gas ? 
  is this a gta 5 screenshot ? 
  is this show called `` this show '' ? 
  because , i could n't find the name of the show anywhere in this thread . 
  fuck you . 
  well it still can be over 9000 if it is over 8000, 
  now you are just abusing intervals . 
  whooooa , just do n't get crazy over here . 
  bigger dicks, 
  here we go again . 
  i just say `` fekin ' hell '' and turn around . 
  it 's depressing as fuck but still one of the best movies . 
  if you will watch it , you will recommend it to everyone . 
  what song is that ? 
  i listen to his live concert from detroid on an mc cassette in my '90 buick but did n't catch this verse . 
  i hate this `` sharing '' thing that has to be everywhere, 
  it runs with higher voltage than other colors so it makes the blue bright light . 
  i hate it, 
  is this really a thing ? 
  i always rotate counter clockwise . 
  put 100 % armor on it . 
  16 smgs out the window . 
  the death bus . 
  we will find a way !, 
  and we will die a glorious death on the battlefield . 
  you have big spiders but also koalas . 
  i am confused . 
  i still have their mc !, 
  song is n't bad . 
  miley is fucked up . 
  dat ass tho . 
  i have a hell worthy comment about the last batman movie premiere , but i do n't want to get kicked from askreddit so ... 
  i agree,
