  i have to say archer . 
  not like he can sustain enormous amounts of damage , but the shit he gets away with ... 
  mmmmm cold war . 
  what a thrill ... 
  how about 10pm greenwitch time , tomorrow ? 
  4chan writes history books . 
  another transformer, 
  this is some 4chan level stuff . 
  the american box . 
  love me some american boxes . 
  red one , suv in size , guy in a hat is driving it . 
  passive ? 
  like nintendo 3ds passive ? 
  golden abyss is a really good uncharted game . 
  played it 4 times in a row to platinum it in 5 days . 
  oh yeah , but just look at it !, 
  it looks so funny on the racing circuit . 
  look in the / r/buildapc wiki and search for ssd optimization . 
  all those things there are good advice . 
  ccleaner schedule especially . 
  i mean , i game almost exclusively on ps4 and vita , but boy . 
  do n't you fucking talk trash about my 750 . 
  does the name `` hodinkee '' have anything to do with the czech word for watches ( or watch ) which is `` hodinky '' pronounced `` hodinkee '' ? 
  how coincidental would that be ? 
  i 'm wiiiiiiiiiild, 
  cool . 
  so the guy just found the word interesting and simply went with it . 
  he was the real world tony stark . 
  you 're a kid now , you 're a squid now, 
  are brushless motors basically just ac current motors ? 
  well i have both ( x1 and ps4 ) at home and i play the most on ps vita . 
  but from the two big guys ps4 takes the cake for me . 
  and i came from 360 . 
  why are those back wheels so tilted ? 
  someone who has a car like this thinks that this looks good ? 
  i mean if you had some early 2000 ' ricer and did it with all 4 wheels than maybe it would look like some toy . 
  so at least interesting . 
  but this is really weird and ugly . 
  wait . 
  what tv series ? 
  i expected better from pcmr, 
  i 'm not saying i invented the turtleneck , i was just first to realized it 's true potential as a tactical garment !, 
  is the game better than the first one ? 
  i see you are a person of / r/watches . 
  timex in the streets , rolex in the sheets . 
  finally some serious engines . 
  well , asus makes some silent ass 750 ti . 
  and silent is what you want . 
  just go to / r/bionicle, 
  the guy sure knows his anthropology . 
  i was on a fence , whether to use anatomy or anthropology . 
  `` why ? 
  / r/edc brings everything, 
  i do n't know which weapons will be used in ww3 but ww4 will be full of knives . 
  jimny is some serious stuff . 
  westhouse was my favourite character in tlj and was kinda underutilized in dreamfall . 
  i do n't think he will make a reappearance in chapters . 
  it is sad , but it seems like they just killed him off . 
  regarding reza . 
  it might be a lot more complicated . 
  as the fat guy alvin of watticorp said , and dr. chang confirmed , reza is dead . 
  so maybe , and this is a really tin foily stuff . 
  zoe is still in a coma , but hooked to a dreamer . 
  and reza is just made up from the memories that alvin collected from reza 's dreams for watticorp . 
  why would she be hooked to a dreamer ? 
  well , we will find out in the next book , because there were already hints at roman 's office that there are people spying on zoe 's condition . 
  or there are just some major plot holes in the series . 
  i do n't know . 
  white kin is not dead . 
  the daughter that was born in the begging of tlj just chills somewhere in it 's world . 
  also the dragon cortez transformed into is still alive . 
  i 've read somewhere that the voice actor for cortez has been hired for some voice acting in read thread studios . 
  i bought ps4 for destiny . 
  sold the game in january . 
  oh i remember . 
  the sexy woman in the great library . 
  did n't she leave through a portal , never to be seen after that ? 
  also westhouse was last seen in the dreamfall after credits cinematic , crawling in the himalaya , being rescued by cortez . 
  mmmmm maybe she was attacked by the dragon that attacked cortez . 
  aka the guy who was the leader of vanguard in tlj . 
  hmmmm . 
  that means it takes place right before his arrival to arcadia . 
  he mentions there in tlj that he has a revolver of some kind , that would make sense for that time period . 
  but i might be mistaken since it is like 2 years since i 've played tlj . 
  only 4chan is above reddit in the information chain . 
  i really wonder , what kind of person would decide to write this . 
  i hope he gets some serious role in the longest journey home game . 
  i would love to see him riding a bicycle and defending his home near marcuria . 
  well my favourite villain is revolver ocelot , so basically nothing changes on that side . 
  for the hero , wolverine is inappropriate , since he is not a clear hero . 
  green arrow might be my pick then . 
  he just buys the whole facility and drives it to the ground , then announces bankrupt . 
  ocelot just sends him a letter saying : `` you 're ... 
  pretty good '' . 
  barry from archer . 
  i do n't think that the years april spent as a `` mercenary queen '' would be that exciting in a point and click game . 
  the thing that i would love to see is if april is the lady alvane in the first and last cinematic in tlj . 
  i really wonder , if ragnar has the whole story written out , or if he just writes it as it comes . 
  vita is still strong in japan . 
  at least that is what i keep telling myself .
