  soon . 
  oh my god the stairs . 
  stairs everywhere . 
  perfect place for storing dead hookers . 
  i want to touch it, 
  indeed . 
  i was really on the edge . 
  i have skyroads on my 386 monochrome laptop . 
  so the handles consume electric power ? 
  well , that is like if you had to pour some of the gas from the tank just to get inside the car . 
  what does the 85 stand for ? 
  yeah , i get the point . 
  but still , it would be more efficient to use normal manual handles since the 12volt battery still consumes power from the main battery . 
  i really do n't know why i made that comment now . 
  that is a lot, 
  not using needless powerconsuming shit like a slide-out handles or 17 inch screen ? 
  they do . 
  but they also do n't need every watthour of the battery to keep itself running . 
  first blood, 
  ohhh someone remembers a game from our little country, 
  we do n't have money for the wedding nor for the living out of our parent 's houses . 
  cause they are turning us into monsters, 
  that shit is actualy pretty rad, 
  i actually do this . 
  be the change you want to see . 
  czech here . 
  can confirm . 
  we pickle around 50 pounds of pickles every year , just for our household . 
  i would bang her, 
  right on bruva . 
  hey , do n't get all downvoty . 
  will do !, 
  i was already at day 5 but then i got severe pain in my testicles and underbelly , and on the day 5 i got a constant urge to pee eventhough i just peed . 
  had to fap , huge amount of sperm . 
  i need some help how to avoid this :(, 
  thank you for reply . 
  i think it was because of the frequent edging . 
  i am on holiday and constantly think about my girlfriend , so it is very hard to resist . 
  i really like your comment . 
  it shoud be a closing epilog for some war veteran movie . 
  came , saw , came ? 
  poetic, 
  it was beer and rum but after that methanol thing it is all beer now . 
  i feel like i will never be wealthy enough to buy a microtech blade . 
  i have been having this disease since i was 5 . 
  i have to walk with crutches since then . 
  but other than nonfunctional leg , i am a completely normal human male . 
  in europe there are still people who ca n't afford more recent car . 
  you could get one here for $ 1k easily . 
  cold war and ` nam . 
  but mainly cold war , because there is still so much uncovered secrets about it . 
  and ` nam ... well now i just bring it up for laughs , big lebowski style . 
  why is there no dead space 2 ? 
  i do n't masturbate . 
  girlfriend, 
  you might have gained muscle, 
  i behave like this and people dislike it . 
  `` you should have put the plate in the dishwasher , not in the god damn sink ! '', 
  `` yes , i do it every time bitch . '', 
  especially multiple, 
  i would say sliiiiightly over 100 , but yeah . 
  just counterattack, 
  full metal jacket , star wars , three kings , bourne trilogy , amadeus, 
  i want a live performance of shoot to thrill by ac/dc at my wedding . 
  if you 're the dad , take your child on a camping weekend somewhere to the woods . 
  sure you can give him a knife , but how about a warming memory ? 
  i am actually impressed that he even knew about our little country . 
  oh shit , it is my cakeday ? 
  i am on mobile so i had no idea . 
  i started to drink in sophomore grade . 
  17 years old . 
  every friday , we would go to the park and drink expensive liquor chased with coke mostly . 
  i am talking about jack daniel 's , havana club grand reserva and also some 15 year old cognacs ... since than , it got worse ... 
  i drink almost every day now that i am 21 ... 
  i envy you your emo phase . 
  alcohol and weed, 
  i love to rev it up too , but my '90 v6 takes half a fuel tank for that . 
  or when someone brags about how he bought a 16gb iphone but only got 13,5 gb of memory . 
  i mean you have to count as 1024 bytes for kilobyte and ... ah hell , you do n't even care , do you ? 
  i have the same one for over a year . 
  i love the smell of the handle and the sheath . 
  mmmmmmm leather and knife oil ... 
  but kinda easy, 
  now my '90 cutlass ' dash looks like joke . 
  you would be a mute, 
  that guy is everywhere, 
  your instinct did n't betray you . 
  i hope so . 
  anyway , i am not that annoying , violent type of drunk . 
  i am that type of drunk which goes to help my grandma cook lunch , take a long walk , type . 
  i do things i would n't do if sober . 
  at least i am not hurting anyone . 
  yeah , something along the lines . 
  you are right . 
  there is a major difference between how you look at things and how i look at things . 
  of course you have a good time and since you enjoy it with your friends , there is not much wrong . 
  but after some lonely nights , strolling through a city , getting hit on disgusting men ... later in your life , you will regret it . 
  yeah , i meant the formatting . 
  i did n't see a person in hat in the last 64 days . 
  you are surely not from czech republic .
