  and bmw is also a head corporation having bugatti underneath them i think . 
  well then bmw is just bmw itself i guess . 
  well nissan lancer has some nice line of cars . 
  also ford pick-ups . 
  so i read it here and : hyundai i40 wagon is pretty cool , wagons are more fuel-saving thus more widespread in eu where the gas prizes are too damn high and lastly , there is something incredibly joyfull about revving that 6.0 l truck engine , such as in ford raptor which makes you smile everytime ... do n't hate guys , every car build has its pros , 
  i would get a pick-up just to have all the duties covered . 
  yeah , like my 3.1 l engine ... 
  hahaha , i really wrote that ? 
  i was pissdrunk that night . 
  but i think i deserve the laughs xd, 
  i still like to sit in a corner from time to time and cry . 
  well , the walking dead was the most moving shit in my recent gaming history . 
  damn bro , i cried my eyes out . 
  yeah , just ... why ? 
  :'( we really had a thing going on and then ... ahh man , here we go again ... 
  i will be stuck at 99 % forever . 
  if you forget to get the relic in dr. earnhart ' cave , and progress through the story , you will not be able to return there . 
  there are already petitions on the internet about it . 
  the best part is , the relic does n't display on the overworld map . 
  noooo he did it all wrong , snake should stamina-killed ezio . 
  i envy you . 
  my completionist ' heart will never find peace now ... 
  what the hell did i just watch ? 
  i guess glados went too far with that science shit . 
  i would even pay for a dlc were you would return there . 
  i thought he was allright . 
  just did n't figure out what he wants from life . 
  today 's kids , right ? 
  i guess everyone has different view on the world . 
  is that a game or a video or what ? 
  if it were n't online , i would say any recent lego game , but online ... forza horizon challenges can be pretty entertaining . 
  also mass effect 3 is perfect for two player tactic in online battles . 
  the boat one . 
  thank you !, 
  i will . 
  jet set radio is now on the xbox 360 !, 
  what is it ? 
  yeah , the crankshaft sensor , termal , valve sensors ... everything . 
  yeah , i tought about the fuel pump too , but why would it be that random ? 
  i will try to replace it too , but it seemes it runs just fine . 
  fuel filter is brand new , and i have just checked it up again . 
  it is absolutely clean . 
  i really blame the ecu , i am going to diagnostic this week , so i will post an update here . 
  that 's fucked up , and also 56 seconds . 
  have an upvote man . 
  finaly , someone will blame minecraft ... 
  if you want to collect all the relics , do not forget the one in the cave with a boat . 
  you will thank me later . 
  i will try to remove and open up the ecu to look if there is something obvious . 
  if not i am affraid i will have to replace the unit . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  i 'd still bang tiny tina . 
  at least some part of `` my '' country made it into r/gaming, 
  just run . 
  you will reach the next checkpoint before the game stops you !, 
  skyrim and kinda far cry 3 too . 
  i got 3 ingame items thanks to uplay . 
  it is kinda nice . 
  what with that monkey ? 
  i see it everywhere last time . 
  your gf is awesome !, 
  mine would pack me a photo of herself dressed and a bottle of water . 
  come to our humble czech republic friend . 
  we have a lot of spare ones !, 
  attack ships on fire . 
  can a girl be more perfect ? 
  it sure is rythm and poetry bro . 
  and here i am , still waiting for the longest journey sequel ... 
  i could n't stop laughing after he slipped on the blood stain for the second time . 
  how did a czech fairytale screenshot get in the r/gaming ? 
  as a trueachievements.com member , this kinda does n't impress me . 
  it is called `` t\u0159i o\u0159\u00ed\u0161ky pro popelku '' in english : `` three nuts for cinderella '' lol, 
  yeah , it 's kinda the same . 
  it looks like a printer test page . 
  what is that tube in the snake 's mouth ? 
  i remember playing it first when i was like 6 and been in the hospital for 3 months ... well , i play it even today , on my black and white 376 laptop !, 
  i own the original and all of the 6 sequels !, 
  the name is same in almost every language then . 
  i am glad that our country has something that is a classic in foreign countries , 
  it was my first xbox game ... 
  i played it recently for achievements after 4 years of owning xbox , and when i finished it , boy i cried to the last scene like a small boy ... 
  cool story !, 
  of course 386 , i had a dumb moment . 
  ahhhh i can feel the nostalgia ... 
  not that funny !, 
  ahh finally a fellow taer !, 
  i laugh everytime someone posts their puny 5 digit gs here on reddit . 
  i ca n't find dante, 
  i thing it is a solifuga . 
  count me out . 
  i do n't want no little box , obviously using cloud gaming . 
  those vortigaunts look far more badass , than the final version ones !, 
  you can clearly tell it is n't real . 
  there is a cod and a girlfriend in the same video . 
  yeah this is awesome.fyi gordon frohman means somethink like gordon luckyman in english . 
  i would love to see a second video , where the dog will be actualy faster than the guys , and give them a finger while drifting off on the boat ... 
  that 's how it was in dmc for all along and yet , it worked . 
  but yeah re6 is a horrible game overall . 
  yes , those , and i thought it was a vortigaunt on one picture . 
  clearly it is just a grunt sideways .
