  now you remember why ... 
  your car got impounded , because someone rearended it while it was parked , and pushed it on a handicapped spot . 
  i guess , you will have to walk to work then , but as you go down the stairs , you sprain your ankle . 
  and that was just the first 15 minutes of the first day , under influence of the god of inconvenience . 
  do you think dr. manhattan can resist killing himself ? 
  only characters that would not mind being inconvenienced are the like of mr. victor zsasz or deadpool , because they like this kind of fucked up shit . 
  the nitecore tube !!!, 
  perfect for a survival tin . 
  you can charge it with solar charger . 
  again . 
  great for low and high temperatures . 
  wide flood beam with great interface . 
  the book of unwritten tales : critter 's chronicles, 
  i really do n't know what is going on . 
  is that some kind of tv show ? 
  what is she saying ? 
  why is there jamaican on the bottom of the vid ? 
  you really ca n't tell , if you do n't know what is going on . 
  does that ... does that mean , havana club in the us of a ? 
  i am actually czech , so unlimited havana for me . 
  i was just excited , that the folks in the land of the free get to taste my favourite drink without any restrictions . 
  what reason is behind the second blade on some of those ? 
  you are on some criminal blacklist right now . 
  meh , you 're trying . 
  eeeeh , i think since 1968 . 
  i just looked that up . 
  that tower looks sleek as hell . 
  thought i was on r/metalgearsolid for a sec there, 
  the 4th one is the best, 
  how is this a karambit ? 
  has the ring , but that is about it . 
  praise be to oryx !!, 
  i did n't want to sound like a douchebag . 
  i just do n't know what feats make knife a karambit . 
  it sure is !, 
  that curved blade of traditional karambits is kinda useless . 
  nuclear - mike oldfield . 
  or safety dance, 
  one vision , one purpose . 
  what if you trade the game in ? 
  then after a week you decide , that you want to play it again . 
  so you just hit the buy button and you do n't have to download the thing . 
  you can just play right away . 
  i do n't know if it makes any sense but hey . 
  in reality , i think it all goes down to a will to live . 
  if un has enough willpower , the girls stand no chance . 
  but if he is like `` ow this hurts !, 
  please stop ! '', 
  then it would fill the girls with this victory bloodlust and they would stand victorious . 
  what watch is that ? 
  now there 's 14 of 'em ? 
  it 's just getting better and better , 
  is this boub\u00edn or what ? 
  did you put your penis in it ? 
  welcome to the real world jackass . 
  the border is made of high altitude mountain line , so i guess this explains that . 
  keeps you waiting every year . 
  huh . 
  only if solid . 
  is n't krav maga something like systema ? 
  if so , then krav maga is the boss here . 
  still the nicest building you can live in as a north korean, 
  even after all that corrupt shit our country goes through , i am still in love with this little piece of land i call my home . 
  just the lack of a fuck we give about anything is pretty wonderful . 
  is n't that a czech movie ? 
  mike oldfield - nuclear . 
  just think about all the lives lost in a war that is n't even ours . 
  i usually cry along with the chills . 
  the best of the heroes games imo . 
  it was so emotional . 
  the world was so lonesome . 
  then the village ... oh boy :'(, 
  you sound like someone from the big lebowski . 
  where can i buy it ? 
  i have a cd with it , but it is unreadable . 
  i played it recently and found out , that it is really short . 
  i was so sad . 
  but hey that level 4 turbo warp was so cool . 
  mortyr . 
  it 's about shooting nazis . 
  must have some czech actors in it or something ... or not . 
  i do n't know now . 
  i passed a final from logical programming . 
  oh god i needed this . 
  sounds like the amazon cree flashlight is just what you need . 
  it has no name , but it is on this sub or r/edc all the time . 
  the 750 ti is just so fuckin cool . 
  i love mine . 
  it was like $ 130 and i can play anything . 
  man , having money is so friggin cool . 
  metal ... gear ? 
  where is this from ? 
  the first two games are legendary . 
  they are stories which could change your thinking . 
  i played them when i was in 8th grade and now in college and both times i took something else from the experience . 
  it is just divine . 
  `` dead space 3 , a new historical low . '', 
  - ign, 
  what what ? 
  that is like 100 miles from here .
