  well , i most certainly welcome the moderately sized rims . 
  snake mcnuggets , some yam fries and powdered water . 
  i still do n't know how could you artificially create a black hole worth mentioning . 
  then stir gently . 
  he has excessive knowledge about all the nerdy stuff . 
  he can use his sat phone . 
  in archer , there is so much plot armor , that this all is irrelevant . 
  in reality , archer would n't stand a chance against a single elite enemy . 
  did the problem pop out sometime recently ? 
  might be a windows update issue . 
  i 've put over 120 hours into rainbow moon . 
  what is the black bar on the front of the hood for ? 
  i 've seen it many times . 
  finally , someone is learning from the quarians . 
  hey !, 
  i got a platinum trophy on my vita . 
  awesome game !, 
  would love to have some more challenging dlc though . 
  i do n't believe either . 
  jokes on them . 
  jus ' look at 'em !, 
  what ? 
  thanks mate, 
  cyril figgis, 
  buy xbox one and stream the games from pc to the console . 
  your girlfriend wo n't know that it is actually a pc game . 
  front wheel alignment . 
  pretty easy tool to make . 
  time to upgrade to win10 !, 
  do n't get me wrong , i love my consoles , but not for mmos . 
  i 've only tried remote play on my vita and that worked splendidly . 
  i would like to see the results . 
  the andromeda is actually a racing championship . 
  you travel the systems beating the bosses of each planet , and raise in the ranks . 
  you start on a dusty colonial planet where you kill rabid animals to make some cash , and also build your first racing vehicle . 
  one day , after finishing some rat nest full of rabid rats , you stumble upon an old blueprint . 
  the title reads : mako . 
  you build the crude vehicle from the parts of your shack you call home . 
  then you enlist in the annual race on your planet . 
  you win a lot of cash and you can participate in a more prestigious race on a planet closer to the system 's sun . 
  after a few wins , you gain some sponsors , you get your first space ship so you can enter space ship races . 
  that 's where you learn about the final frontier of space racing . 
  the andromeda . 
  i do n't know how would i feel about it if i played the game when it came out . 
  the visuals and the music makes it a masterpiece . 
  you mean the snake tales ? 
  i never played them . 
  you 're a kid now , you 're a squid now !, 
  solved . 
  it was a download cash check for windows 10 upgrade that froze the system at startup . 
  after the upgrade to win 10 , the issue disappeared . 
  i have the full size one . 
  great knife , but you have to sharpen it frequently . 
  who 's champ ? 
  why would n't flash win ? 
  have one for a year now . 
  love it . 
  no regrets . 
  i also have almost every modern gaming system , but i just love my little vita . 
  what do you think of the ff1 ? 
  i played it last year for the first time ever , on my vita . 
  i loved it !, 
  the second one is worse gameplaywise but the story and `` experience '' seems to be improved . 
  this guy 's `` l '' key does n't work . 
  make it cree leds, 
  cell phones, 
  as for the 2 . 
  it is best to just keep the battery level above 50 % since it is lithium based . 
  you should do this with every lithium based battery powered device to prolong the battery life as much as possible . 
  what is bob 's burgers about ? 
  you can not use others ' save files on your account . 
  maybe with some pc program , but i am not familiar with that . 
  i loved fighting crime on the citadel in me1 . 
  i spent a long time in the mansion in the kasumi dlc . 
  that side of the world is often overlooked . 
  rich people still living the life of luxury and glamour . 
  as for me3 ? 
  i do n't know , i was so deep down the alcoholic hole while i played it , i do n't remember jack shit . 
  would you say , that you 're ... 
  breaking up insiiiiide, 
  that one really brings out the emotions i felt while exploring me1 for the first time . 
  the whole game seems floaty af . 
  story is solid tho . 
  what is witcher 3 : blood and wine ? 
  been there last year , awesome place . 
  but when her car breaks down and you spend every night replacing the crankshaft , you are the hero suddenly . 
  thin privilege, 
  i do n't understand this post . 
  did the tire have like ... you know , a friggin ' steel core ? 
  brotherrrrr, 
  do you have a picture of how the laces should be tied ? 
  i play it every 3 years since i was 13 and it gives me something different every time . 
  such an emotional experience . 
  but then again , there are games like the day of the tentacle , which is super awesome , but i do n't like it . 
  tlj is my favourite story and video game ever , but do n't play it , if you do n't enjoy it , mate . 
  each to their own . 
  how do you feel about chapters ? 
  not that great i say . 
  except yams . 
  god i love yams .
