  takes 3 seconds . 
  weird . 
  yeah , she has the white 11 inch acer . 
  the build quality is awesome . 
  also the whole experience is great . 
  tfw no gf, 
  i played still life because it is czech and i am czech too . 
  still enjoyed it . 
  really liked the main character . 
  i might try still life 2 now , that you mention it . 
  hey , i recently bought the black mirror series on humble bundle . 
  also the main animator in amanita design which made machinarium , mr. bl\u00edn , though me computer graphics in high school . 
  pretty dope . 
  he said old cow . 
  right ? 
  i have much more many times said to myself `` hope i wo n't get murdered . '', 
  than `` i sure hope nobody is exercising some corporate crime on me ! '', 
  what the hell , man ? 
  there are some countries listed and instead of czech republic , there is prague . 
  yeah , he ` aight . 
  tfw 1155, 
  i have 3570 for a second year and i really do n't feel the need to upgrade . 
  i would like to convert to mini itx , but they already stopped selling motherboards for 1155 where i live . 
   4chan account, 
  no seriously , you just post on 4chan , people do n't use accounts . 
  thank you memebot, 
  much ornate, 
  is that how tie fighter sounds are produced ? 
  no wonder . 
  you use some fucking gas station flashlight . 
  some of you guys are alright . 
  do n't go to lz tomorrow . 
  happening thread will be posted in the morning . 
  what is that rectangular shaped knife ? 
  i subscribed , because i wanted to try it . 
  the people and atmosphere in that sub was just kinda depressing . 
  i walk with crutches . 
  i have decided to just blame it on football when people ask . 
  apple . 
  the only company that makes ios based phones . 
  i love that part of paris . 
  the kotor games . 
  kylorenbowl get hype !, 
  the new star wars movie is gon na be great . 
  i think you are gon na get very similar results from people of reddit . 
  we are all kinda above average in english comprehension and learned mostly through media , books etc. 
  `` herro , visitors of konami studios . 
  on your right , you can admire the artwork of our most famous and successful franchise . 
  the metal gear solid . '', 
  will we be able to meet the main designer of that franchise , today ? '', 
  `` nooo nooo , we fired kojima san yesterday , like for like no reason . '', 
  almost / v / standard dankness . 
  this is some mass effect project overlord level of autism . 
  if someone loses money , he probably does n't care enough about it and thus does n't deserve to posses that much currency . 
  if there are credentials ( say , in a wallet ) i would contact the person , hear their story and depending on what they have to say , i would either : give them everything back ( if their situation is worse than mine ) or tell them the money was gone when i found their stuff . 
  ca n't stump the trump, 
  i got a weekender as my first watch a year ago . 
  i love it , it has only 30m water resistance , but i was snorkeling with it no problem . 
  plus the indiglo feature is super handy . 
  that seiko is kinda higher tier watch i would say , but i am no expert . 
  are you an / r/edc subscriber ? 
  man , the trailer is great , but when han comes on the screen you bet i will cry . 
  that man was and is my hero . 
  the legend . 
   kylo standing above disarmed finn . 
   `` this is how i fulfill the prophecy . '', 
   raises his lightsaber . 
   `` pretty shitty prophecy if you ask me . 
  when killing innocent people is the means to fulfill it . '', 
   kylo turns to the camera overlooking someones shoulder . 
   `` who are you ? '', 
   `` luke skywalker , but i guess you kids do n't even know the name these days . '', 
  says the figure . 
   suddenly a friggin ' .50 cal bullet destroys kylo 's head . 
   `` what the shit ?! '', 
  screams luke as he wipes the blood from his face . 
   `` yup , still got it . '', 
  says han with a little sigh in his voice while approaching luke , a giant rifle resting on his shoulder . 
   `` han , we have had this talk like a thousand fucking times !, 
  there are more humane ways to neutralize threats . '', 
   `` not as easy and fun , i guess ... 
  unlike your sis ... '', 
   finn gets up , gathers his things and with wide eyes states : `` you guys are crazy , and i know crazy . 
  i 've seen two twi ` lek chicks get it on on the floor of a hutt palace . 
  but this is something else . 
  i am out . '', 
  hell , i watch porn when she is in the next room !, 
  neckbeards are the opposite of a true man . 
  a man provides and does everything for the better of others and wants nothing back . 
  but then again , what could you expect from a cartoon horse fuckers . 
  it 's a once in a decade moment to see a czech flag on / pol / . 
  looks like fem shep, 
  that dyson sphere , man . 
  3 times ? 
  after one playthrough , each player would have like 9 drinks in them . 
  truly a zone of danger . 
  that is like the only female on 4chan, 
  just 4 more weeks !, 
  i 'll get just 2mbs upload tho . 
  how can there be levels of pregnancy ?
