  not wiiu though , because he loves his son . 
  the joke was embedded in the event of the father buying his son all of the recent consoles . 
  so i jokingly replied , that he will buy him every console of current generation with the exception of wiiu which nobody really cares about as it seems . 
  i am lousy at being witty . 
  local mcdonald 's . 
  i guess something like a rookie stamp, 
  what country is that ? 
  here in middle europe , it is completely voluntary . 
  no man , it 's just a repost . 
  it 's from a video that has like 2 mil views . 
  look for mt chilliad chase on youtube . 
  that guy has some quality content . 
  could you please post a picture of your whole girlfriend . 
  now i just think you are dating legs . 
  sure is !, 
  but why is he holding ... ah screw it . 
  i do n't want to get banned . 
  agreed , 50 bucks is a lot . 
  god dangit !, 
  nobody is too young or old to dance !, 
  never, 
  i do n't understand this . 
  please explain . 
  apart from the wet conditions , you seem to be looking for the short version of ka-bar . 
  great american knife but has to be taken care of from time to time , due to the high carbon steel . 
  having your own bussiness . 
  it 's not about the goal . 
  it 's about the journey . 
  damn right . 
  you really want to upset germany again ? 
  well , germany rules the europe now , so i guess their plan b succeeded . 
  by that logic , my girlfriend would be a winner . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  the only girl i would tell she is beautiful is my girlfriend . 
  it just seems creepy when i would tell that to my classmate . 
  standart robotized tranny is a piece if shit , eh ? 
  no no no , that one is kinda neat . 
  i mean the manual transmision with robotized gear changing . 
  yes . 
  or like the new citro\u00ebn ones . 
  right ? 
  it feels so rough and uncomfortable . 
  god bless the american hydramatic . 
  so smooth, 
  reminds me of hl2, 
  are you mac miller ? 
  i became an addict of hydration . 
  it started when i was an alcoholic three years ago . 
  after beating that , i still need to drink all day , glass of water after glass . 
  i consume about 5 litres of liquids a day . 
  something about feeling the liquid in my throat makes me comfortable . 
  the downside is a constant overhydration . 
  tl ; dr : have n't seen yellow pee in a while . 
  he 's a software engineer ? 
  shoulda used uml . 
  do they sell czech kozel in russia ? 
  hate in comments , love in link karma . 
  i like mine burned to the ground . 
  the other face of manly steak . 
  $ 20 knife will not last for years . 
  i am always on the fence when buying my edc stuff . 
  should i buy a quality one or a cheap one which i can easily replace ? 
  it is always a dillema . 
  ok , they will , but they will also have blade play , get dull easily and so on . 
  i have a big penis . 
  i ca n't use one of my legs since i was 5 . 
  i 've walked with crutches for the majority of my life and i banged a handfull of chicks in highschool . 
  i have never encountered any difficulties in my intimate life . 
  and neither should you buddy . 
  technicaly , you are the only wheel , the first wheel or just a wheel . 
  there are n't the two previous wheels . 
  how 's your dog ? 
  i would kill 5 people a day . 
  and the fight challenges . 
  so fluid . 
  i am 10 days sober now . 
  it all goes well . 
  i practice so called james bond showers . 
  start at smoking hot and when you are all warm and the bathroom is steamy , turn that shit to ice cold . 
  oh god the crumpets . 
  non grilled are disgusting , but put those sons of whores into a grill with some fried egg or marmelade and dayum gurl . 
  i did this to get some manly battle scars . 
  only i battled a circular saw , which was a little iresponsible . 
  ian fleming mentions these kinds of showers in his james bond novels, 
  what the hell man . 
  it was like an hour and a half of my life , for that ending ? 
  well i guess it is not about the goal , but about the journey . 
  since pepsico is bigger than coca-cola , how is pepsi worth less than coca-cola ? 
  it is impossible . 
  i hate it when she does that . 
  if i do n't answer during the next 10 minutes . 
  she ceases to talk to me for the next 24 hours . 
  then the diagram picture i saw here earlier was just plain lies . 
  yeah , it is probably the case . 
  still they do n't have anything on nestl\u00e9 . 
  does it come with the pig dlc ? 
  and why do they rerelease it after 2 years ? 
  bang her, 
  well , then care less !, 
  i think i saw a gif of that .
