  i hate that keyboard . 
  all of the items in the picture are free ones . 
  i mean , you can buy them for ingame currency . 
  witcher 2 is my favourite game , but you are right about the controls . 
  i wanted to make this comment dammit . 
  well i was mistaken . 
  you are right . 
  and cod bo, 
  the bourne game ? 
  shrek is love , shrek is life . 
  wait , what sort of free shit are we talking about here ? 
  ahhh now i get it why i get downvoted . 
  well , i have already sent my $ 60 gift from europe to australia for a person i do n't know , so i guess no free shit for me . 
  i play clean . 
  the question is . 
  how did the spider survive in there without any food and water ? 
  tell me about it . 
  i made a project for our town hall in html 5 and css3 and guess what ? 
  on mac , safari , chrome it run great . 
  in win8 .1 on chrome , opera , mozzila , ie11 no problem . 
  they had ie8 . 
  shit was a nightmare . 
  so how is ps3 on a crt tv ? 
  i did the same thing with my 360 . 
  played whole gta4 on my old sony crt . 
  i got my ps3 when i had a 50inch screen . 
  so i was wondering . 
  thank you for your response . 
  i like how he starts bashing the green thing . 
  `` ima smash yo ass you inpenetrable green piece of shit ! '', 
  fuck my mom . 
  apearently every kid on xbox live does this with ease . 
  you just do n't give a shit about what life throws at you . 
  i like you . 
  you did well . 
  superman does good . 
  horse and his boy is my favourite, 
  you 're the first one to mention the crew . 
  well progresive trance is something that marcus schulz does . 
  kinda flat , not much uplifting going on . 
  childhood, 
  i loved first season . 
  you just got ta have a thing for bleak gang atmosphere of east coast . 
  i want my children to appreciate my hard work to be able to afford the gifts for them . 
  they wo n't praise some imaginary fatass , not in my house . 
  yeah sweet talk , but i am still a cripple . 
  i might be `` being different is ok '' to others , but i am cripple to self . 
  my and my brother are both in our 20 's and we played every lego game since star wars and loved it . 
  add beer for more laughs . 
  hell means light in deutsch, 
  i am just trying to understand the picture . 
  looks like i failed, 
  watching 9/11 . 
  the longest journey, 
  what ? 
  slavnosti sn\u011b\u017eenek is called firemen 's ball in english ? 
  is that the one that women used to make in the factory during ww2 ? 
  i saw one when i was in uk at an old military airfield near york . 
  well in my country you can fuck since 14 yo . 
  having sexy pictures of 14 yo is illegal tho . 
  he must be one bad son of a bitch . 
  that is the most depressing scene for most of our people . 
  well , most of the movies are produced in cali , are they not ? 
  me neither , but the movie pictures it spot on . 
  that window just molested my mind . 
  zonda still does that active aerodynamics . 
  althought not in motorsport . 
  i could get karma for this ? 
  i do n't know why would a super-talented pianist and composer would do such a song ... 
  how about my dogecoins ? 
  can the second player retrieve trophies ? 
  dat nightcall . 
  if he raises his finger against any other nation . 
  he will get raped along with his whole nation by freedom . 
  ash is more real to me . 
  more underground . 
  i am an anonymoous person on the internet . 
  also i think that `` the anonymous internet person '' should be the times person of the year 2013 . 
  just look what i accomplished , what did i create . 
  when someone is choking you , tickle his brain through his eyesockets , or rip theirs ear off . 
  it is pretty easy to rip off someone 's ear with vertical motion . 
  well , let china have the land . 
  more space for factories to manufacture stuff for our free world !, 
  edit : upvoted , because you are actualy being legit and helpful . 
  hunter s. thompson . 
  we could shoot guns and drink whiskey any day . 
  i am sad now about his passing :(, 
  i just finished the second season . 
  i am still not okay about the show ever ending . 
  seems like there 's a bingo for everyone . 
  that 's how i like it . 
  i am proud of czech people now . 
  safety dance - men without hats, 
  maor is back ? 
  i thought he was drafted to the army . 
  well that was like 6 years ago , but still . 
  it means a cottage in mine . 
  fear and loathing in las vegas . 
  it will never get old . 
  it just ca n't .
