  i live in suburban-urban area of central europe . 
  i do not need any weapons . 
  thank you . 
  ps : now that i read what i wrote , i feel like this post is somewhat annoying . 
  but hell , i need an advice . 
  in this post i would like to ask my fellow pug lovers for a little help . 
  i am currently working 2 jobs while studying at college so i can support me , my girlfriend who is also trying to help financialy and mainly our little bundle of joy , our pug roky ( pronounced rocky since i live in czech republic ) . 
  the help i am seeking is following . 
  there is this online competition `` best dog of 2014 '' held by a local press and the first prize is something around $ 2000 which would be great help for our little family . 
  i had to cut on the canned meat for my pug so he is basically on the dry dog food now . 
  i want only the best for my boy , but i ca n't simply afford it . 
  is asking for this kind of help legal according to reddiquette ? 
  thank you for reading this guys . 
  i really appreciate it . 
  here is a photo with a timestamp as a proof :, 
  and here is his profile :, 
  voting starts on 19 march at 12:00 gmt +1, 
  thank you again for even reading this . 
  [ verse 1 ], 
  i stay out too late , play worst game to the date, 
  that 's what people say , ( mmm mmm ) that 's what people say ( mmm mmm ), 
  i go on too many raids , but with no real friends, 
  at least that 's what people say ( mmm mmm ) , that 's what people say ( mmm mmm ), 
  but i keep lootin ' , earth caves , hive waves shootin ', 
  it 's like i get just blues , greens , but in my mind know it 's all gon na be alright, 
  [ chorus ], 
  cause the purples gon na rain , rain , rain , rain , rain, 
  and the haters gon na hate , hate , hate , hate , hate, 
  baby , i 'm just gon na play , play , play , play , play, 
  gamebreakers gon na break , break , break , break , break, 
  and the bungie 's gon na rage , rage , rage , rage , rage, 
  baby , i 'm just gon na wait , wait , wait , wait , wait, 
  till ' they patch it off , patch it off, 
  [ verse 2 ], 
  i 'll never please the queen , with all this head shootin ', 
  and that 's what bothers me ( ooh ooh ) , that 's what bothers me ( ooh ooh ), 
  i do weeklies on my own ( weeklies on my own ) , i make tactics as i go ( tactics as i go ), 
  to get my coins and motes ( mmm mmm ) , from yellow healthbar foes ( mmm mmm ), 
  but i keep shootin ' , in pvp i 'm losin ', 
  rngesus praisin ' , in this round gon na roll me a yellow gun, 
  [ chorus ], 
  [ post-chorus ] ( x4 ), 
  [ interlude ], 
  hey , hey , hey , just think while you 've been posting hate on reddit about bungie, 
  and dirty , dirty cryptarch you could have been getting loads of this sweet loot, 
  [ bridge ], 
  my titan , got this new subclass, 
  i 'm like `` screw that sh * t '' , but i 'm still gon na try it, 
  and to the fella over here with the hella good gear, 
  wo n't you come on over bro , my shield wo n't break , break , break, 
  [ chorus ], 
  [ post-chorus ] ( x4 ), 
  praise be to oryx, 
  alright , is there any source where i can get the archer series legaly in at least pal resolution in middle-eastern europe with english subtitles ? 
  if not , is there any illegal way to get the archer series with subs in en ? 
  i am watching s04e06 now , and it pisses me off , that i have to retime the subtitles , because they are for the 240p version . 
  i only remember that the song was sad and part of the lyrics was : '' ... even you , even you . '', 
  does anybody have any idea ? 
  i take two full adult 1ml injections a week . 
  i also do n't use methotrexat as is stated in the enbrel manual . 
  what risk do i really undercome , with usage of this substance ? 
  i am diagnosed with arthritis , so this is like the only semi-cure . 
  thank you for your reply . 
  i have n't played the first one because i did n't like the concept ( it looked like tony hawk project 8 waaay back on java for cell phones . 
  what is this ? 
  the early 2000s ? ) . 
  but since this new one was free on ps + , i got it and man ... after the first 3 levels , i was so confused by the controls . 
  never seen anything like it , and i 've seen a lot . 
  but after getting through the manual landing tutorial , i thought dang !, 
  this is some sweet ass game . 
  i love how challenging it is , and i love the music . 
  do n't miss out on it !, 
  i am just trying to put the pieces together . 
  please tell me , if i am wrong at anything . 
  if you do n't want to , just do n't read it . 
  i thought this might help someone else with the confusing events of mgs2 . 
  i do n't want any theories about the s5 , raiden 's shadow moses theme park , memes etc. 
  just want to know if i remember the story correctly and got the backgrounds of all the main characters right . 
  first of all , i only played mgs1 and mgs2 now , so if anything gets revealed in later games , just say that i will get it after mgs4 or whatever, 
  us marines made their own metal gear . 
  ocelot is tasked by the patriots to steal it . 
  he hires gurlukovich and his merc guys , because he could n't do it by himself . 
  snake and otacon get the memo about the metal gear transport , and solid snake goes on the ship to take some photos . 
  snake and ocelot meet during the ocelot 's theft of metal gear ray , and we learn that for some reason , ocelot has liquid 's arm . 
  liquid 's mind wakes up because of snake 's presence and starts to spit some trash about everyone . 
  ocelot escapes with ray and the ship sinks with snake aboard . 
  after 2 years , the big shell is created to clean up after that mess . 
  but it is in fact a construction bay for arsenal gear . 
  the potus comes to the big shell to check out , how they are doing . 
  in that time , solid snake is already on the big shell and hides in a uniform he has probably stolen from the big shell guards ' reserves . 
  now goes by the alias pliskin . 
  during the potus ' visit , the us special forces unit dead cell arrives at the big shell and takes over . 
  their leader is solidus who is some kind of anarchist who knows about metal gear arsenal , and plans to destroy it to prevent enslavement of us citizens through censorship . 
  also he wants to blow up a nuclear emp over manhattan , i guess just for the hell of it and he calls himself solid snake . 
  as a response , us sends seals in to deal with dead cell and they fail . 
  that is when raiden comes in . 
  he was trained in the us army or rangers , or navy or whatever . 
  he gets sent to the big shell by his superiors to clean up the mess . 
  he defeats fatman who wanted to destroy the big shell , because he did n't know about it 's true purpose and just wanted to party . 
  raiden defeats him , stillman dies , and we meet another deepthroat .
