  they could do it in transparent pink and it would look cool . 
  a good story . 
  take mgs games for example . 
  it has a very good story that i think about every day . 
  what does addiction mean ? 
  thinking about the substance every day . 
  is that a photo or a render ? 
  the oceanians know where it 's at . 
  yeah my 750 ti will run it in 1080 on mid high at 60fps i recon . 
  i would still play it on my ps4 if i ever cared about bf and their bullshit . 
  it will look like shit anyway . 
  i hope the pc version will have some high quality textures . 
  cool . 
  how much greens did you drop on those bad boyos ? 
  i do n't understand why would you need serration on a bali . 
  i do n't understand and it makes me angry . 
  oh god , do n't mention limits . 
  i still do n't believe i passed calculus 1, 
  how is the c-stick ? 
  there are no additional trophies/achievements included in the yetti dlc . 
  right ? 
  such a menial task . 
  you would think that after owning the truck for 250k , he would know his way around it . 
  ps4 is pretty cool tho . 
  the guy just deleted his comment . 
  what have we done ... 
  yeah , that is right . 
  but on a ka-bar like knife , you might want the serrations , to help you cut materials like kevlar , or synthetic weavings . 
  but on the balisong ? 
  i mean , that is one sexy knife , do n't get me wrong , but i do n't see the purpose . 
  balisongs are not meant for a serious heavy use . 
  or are they ? 
  i do n't know . 
  right ? 
  that is like `` what vehicles do you like ? 
  trucks , cars , buses , tanks , alfa romeo '', 
  well , that 's how we roll . 
  that is what i imagine doing , if i bought such an expensive balisong . 
  i would flip it around all the time when browsing reddit . 
  also : this is what comes up , if you search for `` balisong hard use '' on youtube, 
  i had a good laugh . 
  i have a suggestion . 
  scratch sci-fi and add another question that asks if you like realistic , sci-fi or fantasy games the most . 
  also no filter is better than filthy filter . 
  i guess you will still get some sensible data from the survey . 
  i just wanted to help . 
  cheers and have a good one !, 
  look at me . 
  i am the alocation space now . 
  i still own a notebook with 40 mb harddrive , it has like 128kb ram . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  the decent rims tell , that the owner is not a douchebag . 
  did i use the comma improperly ? 
  what was the move ? 
  in my first language , the comma fits right in . 
  i do n't know man , i was n't drunk . 
  damascus steel is the steel of choice on most of the modern pocket knives . 
  do you mean , that the original damascus steel was different from today 's version ? 
  you need far cry 4 base game . 
  i sometimes cough when i puke . 
  usually , when my i drink on empty stomach and the puke is just acidic water and it burns my throat . 
  i have customized the `` sounds '' setting on my pc so that it makes sounds almost every time i click something . 
  i usually keep my speakers off since then . 
  why do you think this is from serbia ? 
  here is another picture of it . 
  looks like it is serbian . 
  here is the link to another photo of the scene, 
  i do n't know what to believe . 
  the site is in croatian , it 's called radiosarajevo and it has a bosnian subdomain . 
  i do n't know know what it is like to have such amount of money . 
  nice guys ... what a bunch of assholes . 
  it also makes sense in slovakian . 
  how many adventure games have you played ? 
  i ca n't really understand this . 
  i have even seen people get stuck in dreamfall chapters . 
  that game is really on the easy side of deduction . 
  when i see my brother start a game on day one , and than immediately quitting because `` a walkthrough for all the thropies is n't out yet , and i do n't want to play the game more than necessary '' ... 
  i just cry inside . 
  and he is older than me . 
  these things are insane, 
  where do you live ? 
  africa ? 
  am 22 still rockin ' 1991 buick . 
  i have already switched the engine from 1989 cutlass . 
  and i am not even living in americas . 
  i want to drive this car till the end of my days . 
  what the heck is that ? 
  well , i can tell they use the same led units like on the ne f150 raptor , but are these the kind that we can see on the bmw that was on the ces ? 
  the `` smart '' lights ? 
  i have 3 that i use regularly . 
  but in total ... 
  i think 6 . 
  i have them out and about , in the car , in the edc bag ... 
  how much can it submerge ? 
  all the way ? 
  whoa , whoa , whoa , so the a-10 even has a bomb compartment ? 
  i have seen a tank that crossed a river like a hippo . 
  it went completely under the surface and then emerged , let out a bug puff of exhaust gas and moved on like it was a normal tuesday . 
  it was ridiculous . 
  well that is a lot of bombs in the picture .
