  well that really warms my heart . 
  how you doin ' anyway ? 
  is it a truck , or a muscle car ? 
  there were 18 year olds amongst us , who were allowed to buy alcohol . 
  and the money ? 
  well , let 's just say , we always got it toghether somehow . 
  somtetimes i did n't eat lunches all week . 
  well , i wanted to exchange my '89 regal for '91 cutlass for fuel consumption , but i see that it is completely irrelevant . 
  not happening in team fortress 2 . 
  i hope for a bright future for both of us . 
  well if you watch czech porn , that might be what she said . 
  thanks , man !, 
  hey , we share a cakeday . 
  cheers !, 
  i feel ya , bro . 
  it performs quite well . 
  i was born on 26 . 
  august so i went to school a year later . 
  it is done so in our region . 
  i just realized my cakdeday is one day before my birthday which is today . 
  thank you !, 
  that pleases me . 
  i saw that comment !, 
  what a guy . 
  hey there !, 
  are you in touch with maris from liquicity ? 
  nice ^ . ^, 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  that 's a pineapple !, 
  that was a police issue vw passat , which our police force use as highway patrol . 
  only a handful of bikes are faster . 
  i mean , it is a fucking vw passat r36 3.6 fsi , 4x4 . 
  that car is a supercharger 3,6 ergo fucker did n't stand a chance, 
  yes , you are right . 
  well it all comes down to the skill of the drivers . 
  nevertheless , that is some kickass car . 
  i agree . 
  now that you pointed that out , i see it . 
  i thought 4motion was some vw trademark , which meant 4x4 . 
  of course there are better bikes , i bet there are faster and more agile planes than airbus a380 . 
  yeah , 4x4 sounds more like a vehicle type than a drive variation . 
  what do you think of amarok ? 
  what a beast . 
  it is the only euro/asian truck i would ever buy . 
  you mean that paris-dakar red bull livery version ? 
  you would pay with your life for that gas !, 
  in the description it is said , that it took place in czech republic , which i live in . 
  our police force have these ungodly powerfull cars at their disposal , so i guessed that it was the cop car . 
  well , i was wrong , it was a standard police skoda octavia 2.0, 
  oh god yes , i have had this flashlight for a long time as a company present and did n't know what it was . 
  what the hell , man ? 
  it looks straight from a sci-fi movie/video game, 
  that 's why he does n't hold the gun sideways, 
  i am walking with crutches since 5 years old and never have i ever been negative about it . 
  just another challenge , time to punch life in the face !, 
  i guess i was rised the right way . 
  is that like , the first car accident or what ? 
  the driver seems chilled as fuck tho, 
  real racing 3, 
  the colors hl2 uses are just magnificient . 
  when i was a kid i liked my hot dogs with mustard only . 
  now ? 
  i want all that extra shit . 
  mojito with pepermint tastes like ass . 
  well , the urban survivors certainly need other tools , than countryside folks . 
  but still , he should carry at least a multitool, 
  when there is an electric outage and no life threats , a bed is all you need . 
  the ass ? 
  i only tasted one , and it did n't taste quite bad . 
  hey there !, 
  i was among the winners of your drawing competition on trueachievements.com and won your vinyl game score !, 
  that was the only thing i ever won . 
  thank you ^ . ^, 
  it surely is !, 
  i like to play it on my 1980 gramophone . 
  did you just say safe ?? 
  why would you remake x-men 3 ? 
  disclaimer : i do n't read comic books . 
  i also like shrimp . 
  did you try tennessee whiskey ? 
  i was there like a month ago . 
  would recomend york or scarboroug . 
  alright then, 
  have you been there ? 
  place is messed up ... 
  try not to ... 
  seeing all the izraeli youth just singing and fucking around on the graveyard of their kind ... that really hit my soft spot . 
  i just wanted a fucking train smash you all in the end . 
  this looks like a nofap post . 
  must be nice to have a hot girlfriend, 
  well if i ask my girlfriend something and she just answers the fucking question . 
  that is so comforting . 
  what the fuck kinda monkey is that ? 
  been seeing that shit all over the internet . 
  pendulum is usually a dnb starter, 
  beach boys - i get around . 
  when i first heard it in the three kings movie i fell in love with the song , then with the whole band . 
  `` someone please explain . 
  i am dumb . '', 
  - well , people would just say that death are the credits of life .
