  yeah , it is always . 
  i hate lucie bila for that shit . 
  if you do n't want to play the most recent games on higher settings , then 1 gb of video memory is enough . 
  it 's like a month without tendies . 
  that makes me furious every time . 
  your urine should be faint yellow . 
  if you overstress your kidneys , you are doing more damage than when you are under hydrated . 
  still looks pretty summery, 
  far cry 1 is totally different , but a very good game . 
  yesterday you put up the same post but with a little elephant in a thumbnail . 
  sorry mate i switched to ps4 a year ago . 
  a weapon to surpass the reapers, 
  h. jon benjamin , if you choose to go down the renegade path . 
  good luck mate , i still think about that elephant picture thumbnail . 
  lol, 
  point and click, 
  i would like the survey more if the console list included ps vita . 
  but great overall . 
  right ? 
  i never knew . 
  i wonder why is that . 
  that 's bimbo !, 
  i am using sublime too . 
  but i do php , so i use my tear glands more than the editor . 
  i was very satisfied with my 360 for the 7 years that i had it . 
  but now you can play 360 games on xbox one . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  mass effect 1 , 2 , 3, 
  super cool !, 
  those prices tho . 
  need for speed : hot pursuit 2 bro, 
  damn , that watch you have ... 
  i wish i will be able to afford something like that . 
  what is toxic about methotrexate ? 
  i take 2 pill a week . 
  that is some fine work there . 
  this is some / r/lego / r/knives crossover . 
  i quickly skimmed the posts from / r/edc using the waybackmachine on the extranet . 
  after some alloy fabricating i was ready . 
  2 glocks , 1 snub nosed revolver and a nugget ( a mosin nagant rifle , as i learned later ) . 
  it seemed strange to me , how much firepower would someone need back then to just survive . 
  i also packed some rare pepe frog fabrications i won in a danken memen tournament two months ago . 
  yeah , been taking them since i was 5 for my arthritis . 
  gave some to my dog when she was on the brink of death with cancer . 
  prolonged her life by 9 months . 
  maybe that was a coincidence , but i want to believe i helped that poor dog . 
  it 's a pretty decent game . 
  all the nano mischief ... 
  but thanks for the kind words . 
  first time posting to wp . 
  i believe this is what attractive people do . 
  the air force guys sure do n't need to chase that honey online . 
  what did you just say , you damn commie ? 
  does this one have the engine in the rear ? 
  so , does it have some kind of trunk in the front ? 
  aaaah , so it 's kinda like that clio renault-sport car with inline 6 . 
  i do . 
  i thought that was the renault-sport version . 
  are there indians in m\u00fcsli too ? 
  yeah , it 's bona fide sure !, 
  ass pennies, 
  damn straight . 
  best damn value card on the market !, 
  it 's the power of gtx cards over gt cards . 
  as did we all . 
  three words : minimalism . 
  i think the new pope is cool , and i do n't know jack shit about religion . 
  mgs, 
  aaah a us citizen . 
  that is a shame , such a grand piece of gaming history . 
  how does one cope , with being as dope as the pope ? 
  are you a quantum physicist ? 
  whoa !, 
  calm down cowboy . 
  i am sorry , ok ? 
  yeah , he has such a good marketing ( or what the word is in this case ) that even us godless eastern europeans think that he is alright . 
  the airpressure it makes works basically on the same princip . 
  supercharger is the turbo without turbo effect , right ? 
  thanks !, 
  well , the lag caused by a normal turbo is called turbo effect where i live , but i guess it 's not a worldwide term . 
  any fan in a sealed environment makes pressure on the output side and suction on the intake . 
  but yeah , you are right . 
  it 's name ? 
  final solution . 
  what a thrill ... 
  the guy selling you stuff in me1 . 
  dude , you are on my ship . 
  the black girl at the galaxy map in me3 . 
  i mean , you need to be a badass to be on this ship . 
  yeah , i see the cockpits are a bit more sleek then on the hind . 
  i was just quoting solid snake . 
  more like a goddamn sissy , that 's what i say . 
  yeah , bought mass effect trilogy for like $ 10 then spent $ 100 on dlcs . 
  not by a longshot . 
  just the dlcs in me3 are like $ 50 . 
  you get just the dlcs for the first game and some smaller ones for me2 . 
  i see an amok game there . 
  i wonder if it is the old game i used to play on my first pc . 
  with an underwater robot . 
  a pocket watch ?
