  `` the only hero is a soldier without a name . '', 
  heh , i saw your background image like 3 days ago on reddit . 
  it was n't jet either . 
  it was that super loud pulse jet . 
  lol , my brother is actually in this position . 
  drinking like a mofo and popping one xanax after another . 
  i saw him last night in kitchen frying potato chips at 4 am . 
  getting too big actually . 
  i am already hearing some of the tracks in mainstream media and i am not happy about that . 
  `` who let the dogs out '' starts playing . 
  love this one . 
  finally a non book 1 art . 
  this makes me incredibly uneasy . 
  not naive . 
  just a lack of information on their side . 
  for me it looked like a game that should have a well written story , but it did n't . 
  rainbow moon . 
  after 120 hours of fun , you are merely starting the endgame content . 
  really , i would buy it for $ 20 with no regret , but it was on psn + so i got it for free . 
  oh and a sequel is on the way . 
  the original mgs was the best imho . 
  i see you bring snake to a rat fight . 
  the strong women of tumblr . 
  is ... is that the wolfenstein rpg that was a java game back when sony ericsson k750 was the best phone ever ? 
  god , how many hours have i spent on doom rpg , wolf rpg and also one with fantasy setting . 
  those were the days ... 
  edit : orcs and elves !!, 
  the last game was orcs and elves ... 
  i am too nostalgic now , dammit . 
  you just need to stroke that sexy case from time to time during assembly . 
  i know you would do it anyway . 
  when you start a new game it will probably seamlessly turn to the intro movie . 
  that could actually be a great trophy . 
  `` make a guard eat all the rations in the mess hall . '', 
  love it , but it makes me wonder . 
  how can this advanced machine exist in the time mgsv takes place ? 
  i mean , rex is like 30 years more recent and looks obsolete . 
  i guess this metal gear will not have such sofisticated technology implemented but still . 
  mmmmm i already have solid snake , and i do n't own any action figures . 
  i like how he mentions her skill . 
  every character in mgs games is portrayed as one of the best in their field . 
  hope we get some kenny loggins . 
  cause we will undoubtedly be in the danger zone !, 
  yeah , it was designed with that purpose . 
  but you have to admit that the constrution alone seems more advanced in this quadroped . 
  i am not talking about armament . 
  i am talking about the construction as a walking machinery . 
  this looks like the darpa big dog contraption . 
  yeah . 
  but i guess it all makes sense . 
  since when rex was in development , the development of other metal gears stagnated , and all resources were put into the nuke launching capability . 
  the production went from quantity focused to experimenting focus . 
  everything that pops up in the little corner window gets blurred put or omitted during video capture for privacy and security sake . 
  the guys in networking . 
  they all have some secondary job like a sound engineer or some shit , which they try to mention as much as possible . 
  any microtransactions in this game ? 
  this is the type of comment i would expect to get gold for . 
  the boy is not ready . 
  man , i would never buy my kid an expensive watch . 
  timex or similar is a much better choice . 
  well made , cheap , disposable is what kid 's watch should look like . 
  not $ 1000 omega or something . 
  my game of thrones reference failed . 
  i never got the appeal of smart watches . 
  can you browse reddit on the pebble ? 
  so do you agree with me or disagree . 
  you are certainly not wrong . 
  true that . 
  man , 750 ti is my love . 
  here , try some of this sunshine acid . 
  spec ops mom . 
  aah a fellow vita owner . 
  we are a scarce breed . 
  is that the one in sinsheim museum ? 
  heh , that sparker . 
  my only issue is that the specialist class is sold separately, 
  feels like 750 ti has the biggest fan club . 
  i love mine . 
  is it really ? 
  never played it . 
  xboxahoy is now just ahoy . 
  his narration is hollywood grade . 
  hey i remember playing that when i got my second gen itouch too !, 
  sadly i did n't even know what mgs was back then :(, 
  i do n't mind bad technical execution . 
  does it have a good story ? 
  i loved the book of unwritten tales 1 . 
  it felt so calm and cosy . 
  then i tried critter chronicles , the prequel . 
  damn , that game is buggy . 
  i managed to get some save games from internet , but when i loaded the save right after the game breaking bug , i encountered another crash . 
  i was so disapointed . 
  how is it with bugs in the second game ? 
  maybe there are more lieutenants . 
   would n't the water get dank, 
  you mean , just like the memes ? 
  i have the same question . 
  i would be lost after having the shell set up . 
  also the turbines . 
  i love the part with a crypt and the paladin .
