  but that would be manly tears overflow . 
  i will !, 
  oh and i also though you would like this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbb_iswd42c, 
  is this from matrix or what ? 
  i like mine 50/50, 
  i am lost here , i was way to intoxicated while watching the movie . 
  but i remember that quote !, 
  i would prefer if every passenger saluted to the captain on the way off the plane . 
  yeah , just concrete that shit !, 
  i always make my bed in the morning , grab a breakfast and then i crash right back into my made bed . 
  i make a sofa out of my bed by making it . 
  i lost after about 3 months . 
  people do n't remember the game much these days . 
  is that video like famous for something ? 
  although i am thankful he explained it to me . 
  let 's just pretend i got the joke , and it needed no explanation . 
  my dad always burns the moss with this white shit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sodium_carbonate but it always comes back . 
  you can not drive moss out of it 's territory . 
  i loled . 
  wrong subreddit though . 
  when this happens , i then usually drag race all the way home reving the engine like a motherfucker, 
  what is this all about ? 
  that shit was hard , but me3 in insanity was piece of cake . 
  dat game was gold . 
  it was all about learning the pattern . 
  i would buy it and i would play it . 
  we played it in coop so my brother got up close with the swordsman and i provided support from cover . 
  the best character is that steampunk guy . 
  i bet the game with him on the hardest dificulty even with the dlc all alone . 
  i did n't get the end . 
  was it all just a dream ? 
  i know i was pretty scared while i played it when i was like 6 years old . 
  the intro was pretty scary and some of those chase scenes and monsters ... 
  i guess rating standards were different back then . 
  i miss swords . 
  why ca n't i carry a sword around ? 
  i would do it purely in a sense of fashion . 
  slap her with a glove and challenge her to a sword fight . 
  i would pull out a gun , put on my crazy eyes and ask her if she knew what i learned from koran . 
  it would be a fake gun and i am an atheist , but i bet that bitch would shut the fuck up . 
  i miss the old days . 
  the world would be so much better with legal sword fights . 
  24 km altitude . 
  circa 3300 km/h speed . 
  - your european friend, 
  please someone explain . 
  i am dumb . 
  thank you . 
  `` all humans have iron in their blood and earth has magnetic poles , so that 's why we are attached to the planet . '', 
  exactly, 
  nah it 's cool . 
  we metrics also do not convert in our posts . 
  back button is great . 
  but that search button ? 
  what on god 's land is that shit ? 
  who would like to use internet search every time they use their phone ? 
  well i had sony ericsson k750i in my early days and it had a hardware return key . 
  that is how i got familiar with it . 
  then i had a nokia e51 with another hardware back button . 
  and today i am fully adapted to the sgs2 back button . 
  though it should have been hardware in my opinion . 
  i get it now . 
  edit : i really like asher too . 
  do n't touch my booze , man . 
  i remembered dagobah . 
  i can only imagine those fb comments . 
  what the fuck , man ? 
  that guy is awesome ... tears, 
  war . 
  war never changes . 
  false . 
  i thought it was gon na be a footage of an electromobile :(, 
  i bet he is , and why is your comment score hidden ? 
  as i know cod , it will be more like army of hundred, 
  the pilot was alright , he was just a warrior of his time , vaginal_cream . 
  the band of young douchbags in the end ruined it . 
  first it were bows and crossbows . 
  not every game will have masks . 
  god damn , man . 
  those were the times . 
  you look so much better now . 
  i always go clockwise , and i get some sick highscores . 
  show me your score !, 
  that cop went all ` murica on that guy . 
  mmmmmmm, 
  do n't be a pussy , fight back !, 
  that is how i gained respect with my mom . 
  i did some math and calculated that it is more convinient to plant moonshines each day for 80 days than corn . 
  why is there no asher roth ? 
  oh yeah , most of the pabst and jazz is great . 
  more cowbell is my favourite . 
  oh god . 
  i do not ever want to cease to exist . 
  that shit scares the shit out of me . 
  i still lie to myself , that scientist will find a way for people to stay alive infinitely . 
  i am absolutely not okay with death . 
  oh yeah , i listened to it like million times going home from high school . 
  cumbaya was my favourite . 
  `` when i get a day off , i lay in my bed and play with my balls . '', 
  was my favourite verse .
