  it is a mean mistress , but i feel really good and never ask why me . 
  why the hell not me , right ? 
  anyway , i had a denzitometry scan recently and i had like +13 % calcification over the past 9 years . 
  i am so proud of that . 
  i have 10 mods , including enb . 
  all the mods are for graphics improvement . 
  rockin ' a gtx 750 ti on 1080 with 2x msaa + fxaa at around 60 fps . 
  never dips under 50 . 
  i love that card . 
  does every pug sleep in the bed with his/her master ? 
  mine does . 
  this does n't work . 
  i do this all the time and people get pissed the fuck off . 
  for example , i like when someone gives me a clear answer to everything . 
  so when someone asks me something i just go `` yes . '', 
  or `` not now . '', 
  and i am done with them . 
  but that just somehow makes me look like i do n't care about them . 
  i do n't get people . 
  did you by any chance find a skankass skank near the atm ? 
  i live in czech republic so the insurance is not a problem . 
  $ 50 a month and you can undergo anything without paying extra . 
  and usually a school or an employer pays it so it is like a free healthcare . 
  i go to my reumathologist every 3 months , and always give them my blood and urine samples , so i hope i am under enough supervision . 
  godspeed brother !, 
  i am jealous of your freedom . 
  - damn commie bastard, 
  ca n't dodge the rodge, 
  everyone in the article seems so reasonable . 
  the girl knew it was not worth it to play hero , but knew how to secure herself . 
  the robber knew that when you see a shotgun barrel pointed at you , you better run sucka . 
  and the police were just calm about it . 
  my bills are hard as a duck . 
  stuntman ignition ? 
  cause i have 100 % achievements in that shit . 
  i hope the fuckin bear from the 2nd game does n't make it into the 3rd one . 
  i am super hyped tho . 
  everyone in this sub is wealthy . 
  this is far cry 4 irl, 
  right ? 
  when la roux finally arrived in his snowplow thing i felt so relieved . 
  yeah , maybe the snow all around was actually cocaine . 
  what game on vita uses unreal engine 3 ? 
  borderlands ? 
  remote play from vita to ps4, 
  if you have a decent pc , definitely try dreamfall chapters . 
  or if you did n't , the whole the longest journey saga . 
  be ready for the sleep deficit . 
  i see these dark spots all over the screen when i play at night . 
  i actually kinda like it . 
  it gives it this antique look . 
  but then again , i am a weird man . 
  if you have ps4 get the super turbo championship edition for it and play it again . 
  it is like a whole new game . 
  if you have ps4 get the super turbo championship edition for it and play it again . 
  it is like a whole new game . 
  it is not a hard boss . 
  just practice your dodging skills . 
  dude . 
  rainbow moon . 
  it was free on psn + . 
  i platinumed it after 116 hours . 
  the story ends after some 90ish hours . 
  soooo good . 
  you finish the story at level 80 , but there are bosses with level 999 . 
  now you can see how long the game is . 
  there is a sequel coming too !, 
  i have completed ff1 and am now playing ff2 . 
  the first one was better . 
  it goddamn is . 
  i got 1000g on my xbox360 , going for a platinum on vita and def buying it for ps4, 
  well , you ca n't argue with that . 
  guacamelee , super stardust delta , tearaway , final horizon , titan attacks . 
  all of them with platinum after around 5-10 hours . 
  ayyyy lmao helldivers . 
  we can only wish . 
  i have only had the og fatass vita . 
  it now feels like a romantic relationship between us . 
  really , i love it . 
  i am sure you will be able to love either of them . 
  no matter if slim or fat . 
  yes , for 5 greens , it is a decent amount of fun . 
  i have ps4 , i never had a nintendo system , phones and tablets are whack . 
  hell yeah i would buy it again . 
  you will cry , swear , feel helpless . 
  but one day you will overcome your grief . 
  you will learn to love another vita , and you will be happy again . 
  damn , you must be hot . 
   `` your parents were probably having some fun to the # 1 song on tuesday , november 26th 1991 which was :, 
  when a man loves a woman by michael bolton '', 
  well . 
  august 92 ? 
  this is how my so would look like if she lost some 40 pounds, 
  good job !, 
  when i played guaca on ps4 on hard mode afterwards , i am almost sure that i completed the game being hit only 4 times . 
  you get insanly good at it after one playthrough . 
  does mk and injustice run well ? 
  60fps ? 
  that is awesome . 
  when you take in consideration that it runs on a handheld , it would be great even if it did n't have textures .
