  seeing gta5 in 60 fps is so strange . 
  i regret that i expressed how little knowledge i have about this matter . 
  i understand now . 
  right ? 
  but i am not deleting that . 
  i am already a demon . 
  did you buy the destiny bundle ? 
  i am too 22 with rheumatoid arthritis . 
  on crutches since 5 years old . 
  can not use my left leg , hip pain and all that jazz . 
  when i was like 13 i decided to stop giving a shit , and i started excercising . 
  now i am looking fit , and people are asking if i was crippled in combat or during a sport , instead of the constant `` that must be so hard . 
  you poor thing . '', 
  when i do n't use an elevator at uni , the staff always ask why . 
  well , the fucking elevator takes like 10-30 seconds to arrive , and by that time , i could be on the third floor . 
  also , crutches are great for triceps . 
  i am disabled , and do n't believe in god . 
  but i guess the lord does everything for a reason . 
  he just does n't do everything . 
  hey , we also started on carpets . 
  now we have two kyosho tracks , and they are waaaay better . 
  also , what chasis do you use ? 
  if game of thrones was made in the 70s . 
  harrison would be jamie . 
  the book of unwritten tales is pretty terrific . 
  ok first . 
  karma is the number in the purple deltoid . 
  are you sure you have karma level 6 ? 
  if you do , try to bring your karma down to level 5 ( kill golden path people ) and then get it back up to level 6 . 
  that should fix the problem . 
  these preschoolers sure know how to write . 
  most people do n't give a shit . 
  i know you see all the 30fps/60fps battles , but the reality is that the majority of the people who buy games are not even aware of the fact that framerate is a thing . 
  `` stop trading the damn book ! '', 
  `` but why mister bus driver ? '', 
  `` because it 's me who always has to clean up the vomit . 
  just look ahead on the road . '', 
  `` but the book has ponies ! '', 
  skyrim is one of the best games i have played . 
  this is bullshit . 
  and what is the problem ? 
  if you do n't want to pay for it , then do n't buy it . 
  i think skyrim is playable without mods , is n't it so ? 
  you do n't have to use mods , it 's your choice . 
  also this is what the silent hills p.t. 
  is about . 
  ragnarrox has a video on it . 
  why do people want everything for free ? 
  video game industry is just bussiness . 
  right ? 
  i do n't really like it when sober . 
  but after the first drink i always get in the mood . 
  so why not just use loot or boss or what is these days to install the mods to skyrim ? 
  regarding 4 ) , why did he want to get into dead cell terrorist unit ? 
  was he sent by the patriots to keep an eye on solidus snake ? 
  solid snake went missing after the tanker went under . 
  did otacon rescue solid snake after the sinking ? 
  how much earlier did solid snake arrive on the big shell before raiden ? 
  so solid snake went in the same way as during the shadow moses mission ? 
  so otacon had liquid 's body and put it in the tanker while rescuing solid snake ? 
  suggestion for another option :, 
  - what am i looking at ? 
  this was very informative !, 
  thanks . 
  yeah , they were going for this father-son thing in mgs2 . 
  so , if i got this correctly . 
  solidus wanted to grab some info about the patriots from the gw doing a cross search inside the censorship database , but patriots knew that and sent in ocelot to make sure that did n't happen ? 
  so if solidus is like 20 years old , why is he already looking like an old man ? 
  i am aware of the sped up aging of the clones of big boss , but solid snake is older and looks quite young at that time . 
  also , why did the patriots want to remake big boss so badly ? 
  every time they do , nothing good comes out of it . 
  i thought so because a body with solid snake 's dna was found in the tanker . 
  was n't it ? 
  there was n't any mention of solidus in mgs1 though , right ? 
  ah , so liquid 's body after dying from foxdie was taken right into the grave ? 
  so solidus was potus , but then was removed from the function and the president that dies in mgs2 was installed as the new potus after solidus . 
  oh , thanks !, 
  i understand that the whole thing was set up to reconstruct shadow moses for raiden . 
  so the fatman fight should replace the ocelot fight from mgs1 , because of the bomb threat and fast movement of the enemy and olga should have resembled gray fox . 
  harrier fight was a replacement for the hind-d fight and so on ... 
  another great contribution to this thread . 
  one more questions though . 
  i know that ocelot is probably the most complicated character in the history of characters , but he appears as a man who knows everything before everyone else , always has a plan and that plan always works out . 
  so : what is in it for ocelot ? 
  who pays him ? 
  will i uncover that in mgs3 ? 
  certainly not big hero 6 . 
  that movie will crush your heart . 
  thanks !, 
  he is such a strange character , always scheming ... 
  i wonder how he pays his bills . 
  i mean , is he paid by the patriots ? 
  i will make a similar post to this one after playing mgs3 , so i will look for your reply ^ . ^, 
  i look forward to meeting the young shalashaska . 
  i have played snake eater on my 360 like 3 years ago , but it was my first mgs and i was doing the kerotan collectibles on the first play through , so i quit at the end boss fight . 
  i simply did n't enjoy it . 
  but now i understand , now i know why is mgs one of the best game series out there . 
  balls . 
  i sure will !, 
  i thought they were olives .
