  oh i am wrong , there have been some in motorbikes . 
  i remember now , my dad had one in his v-max . 
  i 've read somewhere that in the end game , you get like 20 levels for one fight . 
  i am now at the last story boss !, 
  this is some mgs shit right there . 
  i kinda like it . 
  we 've awoken the hive !, 
  may master rahool be kind on you . 
  i would kill a man . 
  there is like 10 billion of them . 
  above & beyond because of the trance producers ? 
  get some gareth emmery up in there . 
  are you the guy with the nightstand full of handhelds ? 
  i was so worried throughout the whole video that you will push the 2000 off the table . 
  also the music , it is what mkbhd uses . 
  is that deadmouse ? 
  hemorroid advert . 
  woohoo , look at me now punks , i got a reply from the-guy-with-the-nightstand-full-of-handhelds !, 
  who 's the boss now , huh ? 
  ok seriously . 
  you should keep the poor vita on that carpet thingy at all times . 
  i wo n't be able to sleep if you do n't . 
  oh god , just the tought of the innocent device flopping over the edge ... 
  i would try to masturbate with it , and if it was a no go , i would return in . 
  good , goooood . 
  that is some mgs shit right there . 
  right ? 
  he should be called dope, 
  you forgot oliver queen . 
  oh , he probably runs the games . 
  other than that , sterling archer wins . 
  he is just that awesome . 
  is green arrow better archer than hawkeye ? 
  i want yes or no . 
  i do n't know that much . 
  ga has the high tech stuff so i guess hawkeye is the better marksman . 
  anyway , sterling has a gun so that is my answer . 
  fellow european here . 
  the laws here are much more relaxed than in the us . 
  in my country , you can legaly carry a blade of any size , shape or purpose , but you can use a blade for self defense only if it has a plain edge . 
  i have been carrying a knife since i was 7 years old ( first grade ) . 
  and i was even allowed to sharpen it in class . 
  that was in 1999 . 
  there was none of this blushit where everyone was supercareful about their kids , and kids did n't do stupid shit . 
  well , of course we did stupid shit , but not anything that would be physicaly harmful . 
  these days , the laws here did n't change . 
  you can carry a push blade , switch blade or a fucking war axe into a school and nobody gives a damn . 
  in these parts , a saying goes : `` spr\u00e1vn\u00fd mu\u017e , nos\u00ed n\u016f\u017e . '', 
  which translates to : `` a real man carries a knife . '' . 
  so there you have it . 
  i am from czech republic actually . 
  so one of the former ussr countries . 
  the gun control here is just that people are not able to afford a firearm . 
  geometry is way better . 
  it is much more diverse . 
  i love resogun , but geometry is just more entertaining . 
  guacamelee super turbo championship edition . 
  now guacamelee was not underrated at all . 
  but people tend to say : `` why should i buy the same game i played on some other platform ? '' . 
  the thing is , it is like a whole different game . 
  it is like 1.5 x longer , with new locations , new combat mechanics , new enemies and even the story follows a different path . 
  + you get both dlcs for free . 
  oh and did i mention that if you bought the original for ps3 or vita , you get it for like $ 5 ? 
  i have a platinum in both versions and i regret nothing . 
  cca 15 hours in each . 
  30 hours combined , having a ton of fun . 
  well , that is bitchin, 
  mike oldfield - nuclear, 
  i sell 1kg of old processors for $ 250 here . 
  there is a lot of gold in them . 
  a weapon to surpass metal gear . 
  do n't forget the beer . 
  wohohow , hello there . 
  it 's better to have a lot of adventure games related posts than none at all . 
  you do n't have to mention the gypsy problem . 
  in cz it is omnipresent . 
  really , panelaks ? 
  never thought i would see it outside of czech language, 
  itt : everyone either lives or worked in bend, 
  right ? 
  those things are n't even foil, 
  i have been waiting for this since i was 5 . 
  is n't that made up by 4chan and tumblr ? 
  i do n't believe this is a real thing . 
  pc is no gaming platform . 
  development platform , that 's right . 
  what is it with pugs and sitting backwards on your lap . 
  every pug does that . 
  mine too . 
  i think this actually happened , but it is kinda silly . 
  man gandalf is like a god of middleearth . 
  watch the lotr world documentary on youtube . 
  i like how both of those songs are about not giving a fuck . 
  aaahhh there you aaaaaare !, 
  `` let 's have at it lads !, 
  looks like fucks are n't on my menu tonight ! '', 
  goddamn what a gorgeous cat . 
  i have a pug because this snub nose thing is my weak spot . 
  damn that 's cute, 
  it is 4.20,
