  she just ripped of the new devil may cry story !, 
  it is the exact same thing . 
  it 's a catch-22, 
  who did he play in narnia ? 
  voice acting for aslan ? 
  did you buy your favourite beverage alongside the lego ? 
  depends on the n, 
  what the fuck , man ? 
  i question my sexual orientation now . 
  man this is just so fucking crazy . 
  your mind must be going haywire . 
  losing your dad and then becoming the 0.1 % . 
  jesus fuck man , your karma has extreme margin . 
  he 's just fucking rich now . 
  no need to investigate . 
  man , i would n't be able to sleep for a year if i saw a pug die like that . 
  i mean , just because of the fault of that old hag . 
  you mean the swiss miss episode ? 
  kinda pug-like . 
  but yeah the ears say frenchie . 
  momma big mastif tho . 
  damn , you know how to live . 
  he would make his own internet with hookers and funny pictures of edison . 
  did ... did i just read an advertisement for undersee anthropods ? 
  yeah , the last of us was riddled with this . 
  whip up a makeshift shiv and jam it into modern doorlock . 
  voila , open !, 
  game was great , and this was just a gameplay mechanic , but damn , you could more easily kick the door open . 
  someone 's got ta fuck the ugly bitches . 
  i do n't frequent that sub . 
  this knife makes me smile every time . 
  you are skoripoooo , right ? 
  freedom, 
  * literally, 
  praise be to oryx !, 
  shiet , look at that face . 
  he does n't give a damn about no cancer . 
  hold the ps button , untick disable microphone . 
  same in czech, 
  i like your list . 
  every other list here is just japanese games + killzone . 
  yeah , you can lose the i7 and get an i5 instead . 
  everyone is upgrading their old 760 and i am sitting here in awe of my 6 months old 750 ti performance . 
  i figured she could have an i5 for 50 % off too . 
  man , another cold war would bring so much progress to technology . 
  it 's like the only upside . 
  so i figured i would point it out . 
  jeeps are beautiful . 
  that picture is so crisp . 
  they use the true thug format to deal with the cursing that comes out of the girls mouth . 
  what is your favourite knife ? 
  i saw you use some spydercos , so i guess you like ` murican made ? 
  found it !, 
  it 's the shallows - heart shaped stone ( spectrum liquid remix ), 
  ahhh what a beaut . 
  i have '90 regal coupe with over 70k . 
  runs fine , though i have broken the crankshaft so i replaced the engine to a '89 lesabre 's i had laying around . 
  i also never touch the shifter while not fully stopped . 
  i bought it for ps3 as a gift to my brother and lo and behold !, 
  there was a free vita copy included . 
  that shit was so cash . 
  we both could play it for one ( very low actually ) price . 
  i was already nearing the platinum . 
  just had to do the treasure time trials . 
  but i kinda forgot to turn on automatic cloud sync . 
  and then my savefile got corrupt , so i downloaded the one from cloud . 
  aaaaand , back to mission one . 
  god dammit i was pissed off . 
  i almost started drinking again . 
  overall 8/10 for ps3 . 
  10/10 for vita . 
  this sounds like something from archer . 
  also all the older ff, 
  man , this is such a neet case . 
  i am still using my haf 932 advanced , and while it has a very good cooling capability , i would kill for some of that sweet silence . 
  there are guys like fenix , rational man with a shotgun and the rookie , who are more of a all out war type of guys . 
  then there are the proffessional assassins like predator , boba fett . 
  and then you have solid snake and rorschach who are the type of guys who would come up with a plan to use the city and it 's people in such a way , that they would n't have to leave the bar while everything around them crumbles into utter destruction . 
  only jensen is there , disguised as a barmaiden thanks to his augmentations . 
  smiling , while handing snake and rorschach their drinks full of poison . 
  `` here , keep the change '' says snake . 
  `` i never asked for this ... '' . 
  preaching the vita like no tomorrow . 
  me too . 
  i am also one of the few fans of cold steel knives here , so there is that . 
  i have a micro recon 1 and it has the tri-ad too . 
  pretty cool for such a small knife !, 
  i also own few of their pushdaggers and stuff . 
  how is the tuff lite ? 
  yeah , cool !, 
  i hate it when a knife looks menacing . 
  if it is a defense knife , it should n't be seen at all . 
  and normal knives should not look dangerous when used . 
  strong locks are very important for me . 
  nothing can spoil a knife for me more then blade play . 
  pfffff my 750ti oc will run this on ultra no problem . 
  i really do n't need dem msaas . 
  that is a game ?!, 
  sick izo , no doubt . 
  then floss .
