  the cow just stares at how magnificient the train is . 
  i have the same thing . 
  i thought about making a spear . 
  this gon na fuck with yo mind , mate . 
  pretty good , but do you really need 16gb of ram ? 
  it 's a french bulldog actually, 
  you should have bought gtx 750 ti . 
  best value card today imo . 
  also you can use chaper psu to save some of those dolls dolls bills . 
  you do n't need the industrial ones . 
  really , they 're overkill . 
  nah man , the `` industrial grade '' ball bearings and motor emit more noise , but can operate in harsh conditions for an extended period of time . 
  regular ones are made to be dead silent . 
  good call , bruva . 
  groove on !, 
  i also came later, 
  chandelier is the only decent song on there . 
  the tressfx hair . 
  i love this post . 
  just look at them , all grumpy and shit . 
  please add at least the simpliest shadow under enemies . 
  it helps a big time with aiming in 3d . 
  a little black circle under each enemy would n't be a problem i think . 
  no need for it to be in alpha scale and have some complex lighting . 
  especially eneloops . 
  ahhh famicom , i got it back in eastern germany before the wall fell down . 
  still have it hooked up to my tv . 
  we all made the same mistake ... 
  man , i 'd rather look on maggots in niggers asshole while being pounded by donkey with a mask of barrack obama than this . 
  i laughed a bit and then it got kinda depressing . 
  still an upvote . 
  comments are full of ponies , while i am sitting here , admiring the gerber card thing . 
  man , this looks like an equipment of a evil spy from early 2000 ' cartoon . 
  damn , i need a framelock . 
  i like the screwdrivers and the rod especially . 
  although the bottle opener would come in handy too . 
  whoa there , that is some high definition photo !, 
  but i love those cute little screwdrivers . 
  drinking, 
  the longest journey just arrived to ios !, 
  in this order , it gives some kind of message i think . 
  i bought a used hd 4850 and it overheated . 
  had to not only apply the paste but also that thermal chewing gum on the memory modules . 
  other than that , it went okay . 
  what was the issue then ? 
  you 've been putting the knife into the sheath the wrong way ? 
  so back at isis after the vice ? 
  damn feels like coming home . 
  man , there has n't been a game yet which i could n't run on high on my 750 ti . 
  that card is so awesome . 
  well , we have it here in czech republic . 
  but other than that , i do n't have a faintest idea . 
  jackdaw is not even a cat , god dammit !, 
  and watchdogs action figure, 
  when is it whiskey and when is it whisky ? 
  guess we share the same `` friend '' . 
  i started to drink it instead of an alcohol . 
  i guess i 'm just battling my addiction with another stimulant . 
  sterling archer as the most douchbagy good guy vs. 
  the boss as the most true hearted villain . 
  that being a cripple is the least of my problems . 
  i just don care . 
  he 's too busy rubbing his nipples . 
  but it is more of a remastered version . 
  if not anything else , it uses a higher color depth so you do n't see the lines in color gradients . 
  and just for the time with the dreamfall chapters release . 
  totally the dead space suits . 
  so retro sci-fi, 
  right ? 
  the first one was soooo good . 
  the second one was crazy but still really in my top 10 . 
  the third one was ... 
  i did n't even bother to go on after the snowstorm part . 
  so sad :(, 
  $ 2 here for a corked 1liter bottle . 
  that is actually an excercise . 
  search mobility excercise in r/fitness, 
  do they come from blue engrams ? 
  also pioneer, 
  cracking up a spine and smelling it is my favourite thing . 
  do n't have to be a book spine . 
  right ? 
  also old military machines . 
  were you high ? 
  type like what ? 
  man we are all so alike . 
  damn , i would like to bitch about how i love them , but i have better things to do . 
  i remember buying my 8800 gts 512 for crysis and that thing was a beast . 
  got nothing on my $ 140 750 ti now tho . 
  someone should launch the pc version in the resolution of vita version . 
  then disable aa and then i guess it will look the same . 
  man , this is why i hate people . 
  damn , i hope there will be an english translation , so people who do n't speak english will be able to understand the humor . 
  some of the lines in the trailer were pretty funny imo . 
  how do you make a vita game out of a pc game ? 
  do you have to translate it to different programming language ? 
  she is clever !, 
  but not very smart . 
  that was intense !, 
  holy shit !,
