  if you have psn + download uncharted . 
  i platinumed it in 4 days . 
  excelent game . 
  they should have made hitler everyone 's ancestor for april fools . 
  of course . 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  i platinumed the first one ( trials hd ) . 
  that was a lot of pain . 
  vacuum that shit !, 
  works like a charm . 
  `` i always carry one for self defense . '', 
  the knife does not . 
  the text looks shopped . 
  but then again i do n't know half of the jokes put into this game . 
  thank you . 
  i thought this was more reasonable subreddit than r/knives . 
  people like you prove me right . 
  it certainly is . 
  my gf is a basic bitch appearently . 
  except she likes holocaust too much . 
  she is weird . 
  in the early models , they would just put a metal plating on the propeller so that the bullets would ricochet of it . 
  war, 
  ahhh , reminds me of still life . 
  this picture makes me feel something . 
  good work there buddy . 
  definitely zsasz . 
  my favourite . 
  victor, 
  were n't these `` fake moles '' called flys ? 
  except for pimps, 
  i am also not jealous . 
  i mean , if there is a reason for me to be jealous then it is you who fucked up . 
  that beagle has some scary human face !, 
  metal gear and metal gear 2 : solid snake . 
  no mechanic , but you still know what 's what under the hood . 
  my vita ca n't wait !, 
  i was laughing out loud when he said that . 
  he is just so chilled out about this whole ... thing . 
  fuck the king . 
  i envy men who get blowjobs from their women . 
  golden abyss is the shit !, 
  really , it is a pretty good game . 
  simpsons tapped out is the only free game i have played for a year . 
  i 've had my vita for 33 days now and i bought 2 psone games so far . 
  i am still occupied with bundle jak and daxter trilogy and the psn + bonuses . 
  who is that shorthaired villain in the mgs1 row ? 
  yeah , he was never really properly shown . 
  thanks !, 
  shakira . 
  i mean , why does she sound like she has a dick in her throat ? 
  the walking dead - hbo, 
  are you a die hard metal gear fan and was let down ? 
  are you talking about the android game ? 
  i have always dreamed about finding that green boulder which would give me the magical powers when i was 12 years old ... 
  yeah , i 've beaten it 4 times in a row to get all the achievements . 
  when i played it , i always thought that this is how the choices should have been done in mass effect games . 
  also i absolutely loved steven and brayko . 
  yeah , and if you pissed marburg off on the final showdown , he battled with you to the death which led to another difference later on in the game . 
  damn i should play it again . 
  with a pistol and chain shot . 
  i played the first java one on my sony ericsson k750i . 
  good times . 
  recruit had also some funny dialogues . 
  what is this smith thing ? 
  thank you !, 
  there are mods ? 
  i am a console gamer mostly so i did n't know . 
  i used the o be a die hard pc gamer , but then i got old and lazy and moved to the couch . 
  i do , but we do n't have no fancy smith things in eastern europe . 
  i 've been walking with crutches since i 've been 5 years old . 
  my biggest dream is to join military . 
  i am 21 now and i still do n't give up . 
  they were in mass effect , were n't they ? 
  \u00cf remember just randomly shuffling the pieces and voila , it was complete . 
  i got drunk in auschwitz . 
  dammit , that was awesome . 
  command and conquer 3, 
  i play the trilogy on vita and got 100 % in the first game . 
  i really ca n't get into jak ii . 
  does the game get better after the first wasteland mission where you have to protect the guy with the peacemaker ? 
  i thought the b-wing was twilight from clone wars . 
  yeah , it 's been a long time since i watched star wars ... 
  are suicides really that common ? 
  it seems like every other post on 4chan contains a suicide . 
  yeah , tell that to my gf . 
  she does n't know what to do when i am not around . 
  pisses the shit out of me . 
  aight , thanks . 
  is this really happening ? 
  question for you !, 
  do you think , if you had a family , a lot of money , your dream job and bunch of close friends , you would still get depressed ? 
  dinner, 
  yeah , i have watched the first seasons when i was in high school but meh , did n't feel the need to continue watching . 
  i completed the first game in one weekend and i was totaly hyped about starting the sequel . 
  when i fired it up , it just did n't pick up the pace of the first one . 
  but i am a sucker for series with good stories so i will 100 % it too and move on to the last one . 
  god i wish they made jak 4 instead of the last of us as was planned . 
  100 % ing trials hd, 
  pug hair everywhere .
