  good night . '', 
  this feels really heavy, 
  that is a rape !, 
  if people were n't so dumb , we would n't need to destroy such a beautiful car . 
  so you have n2o in your car ? 
  that is cute . 
  my air pressure turbo will rip your ass . 
  this game should be advertised by maxpedition . 
  fbi ? 
  it will burn your house down !, 
  i was like 14 when i saw the movie . 
  i just cried like a baby . 
  what car is that ? 
  fucking fear and loathing ... 
  p38 is the best can opener there is . 
  death, 
  is that the village near wizima from the first installment ? 
  are those horns soft or hard ? 
  is that the movie where old time gangsters cheat in steeplechase betting and play poker in a train ? 
  i remember only the czech name of it : / and yes , it is the theme song of that movie . 
  god bless america, 
  you are playing the wrong version of the game . 
  my country got fucked pretty bad in the last 70 years, 
  goddamn hippies . 
  asher roth . 
  he is so underrated . 
  i laughed like a bitch after reading that . 
  some parts were just so difficult when i was 10 . 
  are there results now ? 
  i know two autists and they both just talk about rats and lava . 
  naboo is beautiful, 
  why the hell is there a czech writing on that case, 
  reddit always notices . 
  translated : optic lense , cactuses . 
  i have no idea what might be inside . 
  the second half is depression and tears . 
  fear and loathing in las vegas . 
  goddamn hippies !, 
  7 girls in the room on my gfs birthday . 
  we banged on the bed where another two girls slept . 
  did n't turn into orgy , was awkward afterwards . 
  wireless fidelity, 
  ftfy, 
  yes it was . 
  we bang, 
  i had a demo as a child and always played the baja track . 
  god damn those hours i spent playing it ... also one time i mashed the keyboard and got to control some plane flying in the game . 
  it was probably some cheatcode i randomly entered . 
  as an european i can say farewell to the karma . 
  you have gain my trust . 
  have a little bit of karma . 
  it is a cabin alright ? 
  not exactly the case you ask for , but ... when i for example slip and nearly fall and someone asks `` what are you doing ? '', 
  i get the urge to murder them . 
  like , what the fuck do you thing i am doing ? 
  playing football ? 
  game developers do too . 
  since i bought a ka-bar i carry it everywhere during the night . 
  i am not scared of your monsters . 
  well if you own a husky you can just sleep tight . 
  that beast will take care of you . 
  one night , me , my brother and his best friend were having a video games night . 
  it was the easter of 2012 . 
  i got really drunk from drinking the whole bottle of 5 star metaxa mixed with red wine . 
  my brother played some kinect game which he really did n't get the hang of and i kept constantly telling him to play it a different way . 
  he got outrageously angry after 5 minures or so and started to push me into my room . 
  i closed the door the my room and listened to some tranquill music . 
  later , i heard him saying to his friend he is going to my room , because he thinks , there is someting weird with me and he is going to fuck shit up . 
  i hid in the space which would be behind the door when it was open . 
  he marched right in , only to find a dark room with tranquill music playing in the background . 
  he had no idea i was behind the door with my smith and wesson folder . 
  i told him to turn around . 
  he did and told me to drop the knife . 
  i dropped it , because i always use my knifes as an intimidation tool in fights , not as a weapon . 
  that shit can get nasty . 
  he then procedes to take the knife from the ground and hide it somewhere in his room . 
  after another hour or so he comes to my room and tries to push me again , i get angry and wrestle the shit out of him . 
  he goes back to play his games and i go to sleep . 
  this is the way i lost my s&w knife . 
  now i have cold steel recon 1 which i use only as a tool . 
  i do n't want to lose it . 
  for me it is three . 
  also workout . 
  as a child i used to spend most of the time in hospital due to my joint illness . 
  there was this fast food joint which served the chinese salad which was full of kraut , mushrooms and soya souce . 
  that shit was out of this world . 
  later , i discovered , the salad was pulled from the menu list because the `` palma catering '' did n't get enough profit from that product . 
  i traced down that `` palma company '' and found out they still make that salad . 
  i ordered 2 galons of it . 
  go watch cabin in the woods . 
  1991 buick regal . 
  shit just keeps breaking apart . 
  would not be an issue if i lived in the us though . 
  my god is there , in my head . 
  telling me to slay the fucker . 
  actualy i have a pug , and that sucker is a warrior . 
  unfortunately , he is as big as a cat . 
  at least you would have a friend at your bedside . 
  shoot to thrill - ac/dc, 
  the oil will be depleted .
