  loud and free . '', 
  screeched the eagle . 
  the ghost of future . 
  the ghost of america . 
  race the sun, 
  the game mechanic is the same as the old copter game . 
  you steer a solar powered aircraft trough obstacle filled world . 
  there are different modes . 
  got platinum in it after like 5 hours of gameplay . 
  pretty easy once you get the hang of it . 
  only the apocalypse world has a red and grey color scheme . 
  all of the other modes are mostly white \\ silver . 
  i think you will not have any problems with seeing what is on the screen . 
  also the game has some deep quotes here and there . 
  like when you die : `` death . 
  inevitable , yet unexpected . '', 
  i would be more ok with this if she used a baby . 
  poor puggy :(, 
  right ? 
  i was getting cancer from these like 6 years ago, 
  dude , daenerys is young . 
  i have had a steelseries sp mousepad for a looong time and it is getting worn out by now . 
  what mousepad should i get ? 
  i would get the same pad , but they do not sell them anymore . 
  i do not want a cloth pad . 
  are there any hard pads with a high friction ? 
  13 if i recall correctly . 
  mmmmm looks yummy . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  not even that expensive where i live , like $ 40 . 
  that means $ 40 for a thing that i use every day . 
  good value . 
  the fangs are cheliceras ? 
  man , archer is op in drinking . 
  the only character that could outdrink him is pam . 
  not counting wolverine or cap america , they do n't really get drunk . 
  you need to watch archer . 
  mmmm dildos by benchmade, 
  if you have n't played borderlands 2 , the vita version is not as bad as people say . 
  i played bl2 on pc and x360 and still enjoyed my vita playthrough . 
  as a / r/knifeclub member , this is pretty damn sad . 
  looks super small compared to other 1tb flash drives . 
  do you really carry all those lights at one time ? 
  this brings some emotions out of me . 
  does anyone know of any similar art ? 
  the color scheme , maybe even the motion effect . 
  i ca n't point out what exactly in this picture makes me feel how i feel . 
  yeah , i have one serious light and a nitecore tube on my keys . 
  i mean , if i ever get into the situation where my primary fails or gets stolen i probably would n't think about some extra lumens . 
  but yeah , whatever works for the guy , i guess . 
  so true . 
  also you ca n't stop crime by banning stuff . 
  it 's like those dummy files which are 1kb when compressed but 10tb when you extract them . 
  it 's just a viral mgs v marketing people . 
  burt reynolds vs. cyril figgis . 
  like a 10 second fight . 
  is that a cgi render ? 
  pugs are also like that . 
  one even got a medal for alarming a dutch monarch from assassins . 
  stepping out of a helicopter while it 's rotor still spins is usually forbidden and extremely dangerous . 
  exactly, 
  yeah , it is not perfect but still pretty great . 
  also why do you want xbox one ? 
  i had 360 for 3 years . 
  did n't like playstation much . 
  but when the new consoles came , i bought ps4 and my brother bought xbone . 
  i was a big achievement hunter , but still my 6 figure gamerscore did n't convince me to switch to the new xbox . 
  do you love or hate ps vita ? 
  when you sleep , it cries ,, 
  when you work , it cries ,, 
  when you poop , it cries ,, 
  when you cry , it cries . 
  10 mora knives . 
  set for life . 
  pick these locks and take them . 
  buy the same looking locks . 
  replace locks without beimg seen . 
  i am no professional , but i guess it is something about the propeller spinning at ultrasound speeds 2 meters above your head pushing like 1000 pounds of air on top of your head . 
  i have even seen medical personnel wait for the blades to stop before stepping out . 
  shame, 
  shame, 
  no , you have to go `` shame '' three times . 
  then the ring comes . 
  shame, 
  shame, 
  shame . 
  shame !, 
  all i need is 20 good men . 
  point 1 ) is enough i guess . 
  but sunset overdrive is not as much fun . 
  also mass effect on xbone runs at steady 18 fps . 
  but hey , if you want it , buy it !, 
  there are a lot of naysayers of vita and still we love it . 
  i 'm sure you will like your xbox one . 
  i might be misinformed . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  it 's just the backward compatibility is not all that great . 
  but still it 's better to have it than not have it . 
  i still think that the guy is pretty damn badass for jumping from a helo . 
  i would bang all three of them .
