  looks like a proper blocker car . 
  can we just stop and appreciate that we were born just in time ? 
  hurt me mooore !, 
  her songs do n't tell anything about her . 
  she just gets the paper and a date to record the demo , gets paid , goes home to watch netflix alone . 
  if i were cersei , i would just take a cup . 
  seriously , nobody could defeat jon in a swordfight right now . 
  but then again , deaths in got are n't exactly fair . 
  jon knows who is the man and who is a goddamn commie . 
  `` you 've awoken the hive ! '', 
  '' ` aight i might be a son of a bitch , but i always remember . '', 
  looks like cloud city, 
  saving the president ... who you trying to fool ? 
  you might want to take a took at nitecore tube . 
  i never thought i would like a keychain light so much . 
  honestly , i am gaming on my ps4 just because of the trophies . 
   allow them to sleep on your bed, 
  is n't that the only place to let your pug sleep at ? 
  i would n't fall asleep if my bro was n't there . 
  nothing fancy , but hey , it 's my first . 
  i get around - the beach boys, 
  complete with the falseto, 
  it really does work . 
  i liked how max payne did it in max payne 3 . 
  you 're goddamn right patriot !, 
  so will the center differential get fucked up or will the smaller tires be in constant drift ? 
  why ? 
  strangely , i find this more awesome than creepy . 
  / r/knives is not phased . 
  can someone make a flowchart of this ? 
  i have 750 ti and over 50fps in full hd . 
  truly a rare request . 
  are you on ps4 ? 
  / r/forearmporn would be proud of your dad . 
  invading usa whenever . 
  deep down , you want to be their friend . 
  broaddan, 
  he was like my grandpa ; _ ;, 
  `` you 're princess shireen of house baratheon , and we are gon na fuck shit up . '', 
  is this somehow relevant to mgs2 ? 
  the names ... the memes ... hurt me moooore !, 
  did you at least salute ? 
  we used to get drunk in a park and fight . 
  that was in highschool . 
  now i can see how stupid it is to get drunk and exercise knife defense . 
  in the css of that site the yes is in `` ariel '' . 
  such a simple site , and yet you make a mistake . 
  what the shit, 
  why is it always the lion , witch , wardrobe characters ? 
  i would love to see some silver chair or horse and his boy pictures . 
  one more reason to make some visual art of it !, 
  what the shit is happening ? 
  i said to myself almost whispering . 
  apparently i was on some kind of oil rig . 
  why am i even here ? 
  wondered my mind . 
  it seemed like i was dreaming , but i could tell there was something off about this dream . 
  suddenly , a blonde haired man , whose beauty was never seen before , ran out of one of the doors , approached me and aimed his handgun on me . 
  i was so overwhelmed by the whole situation , that i was n't even scared by being held at gunpoint . 
  then more weirdness followed . 
  the man ( still holding the gun , which looked like standard military issue m9 ) circled me and was now aiming at the back of my head . 
  is he going to execute me ? 
  is this happening ? 
  the stream of my thoughts was suddenly cut off . 
  the man was now laying on his stomach , crawling away from me . 
  this was the first time i managed to get some words from my mouth . 
  `` what are you doing ? '', 
  i screamed . 
  the man took a kneeling position , looked me in my eyes . 
  then he laid back on his stomach , rotated , got back on his knee , then stood up and kneeled again . 
  it was all so surreal . 
  i took a step towards him . 
  he raised his hand to his ear and remained in this position for almost 10 minutes . 
  then he stood up , ate a whole box of military issue meal and ran off ... 
  if this is the kind of game kids play on their nintendos , i really see no issue with that . 
  but i also do n't understand the appeal ... 
  wait , what the hell is a cowboy doing here ? 
  `` what ? 
  pretty good ? 
  what do you mean , pretty good ? 
  why are you aiming your revolver at me ? '', 
  i was demanding answers . 
  but then it happened . 
  the cowboy made a sound that resembled a cat 's meow . 
  then proceeded to shoot me to the chest . 
  i was feeling weaker and weaker as the blood escaped my body through the wound . 
  laying on the cold metal floor passing out , the last thing i saw was the cowboy , still spinning his revolver in his hand ... 
  `` that is the last thing that i remember from the dream , doc . '', 
  `` you 're still in the dream . '', 
  `` what do you mean , doc ? '', 
  you can call me hal . '', 
  do a themed garden party . 
  wild west for example works great . 
  make sure to bring lots of booze . 
  it feels so lazy and cheap to let her die between the games . 
  but i believe she is dead . 
  i liked april more than zoe tho . 
  you will not regret it . 
  l4d3 confirmed, 
  is this the guy who made minecraft ?
