  that was a nymph ? 
  i loved the parts where you did alchemy , there was the wine cellar etc. . . 
  well , how does anybody know how they look like , when they are invisible ? 
  i did n't even know the monster had a name . 
  you thought me something today . 
  that 's like my fucking brother . 
  if you do n't want to being scolded by your parents for every shit you do in your almost thirties , you should just move the fuck out . 
  why is ff now a faggot company ? 
  what does it do ? 
  i remember that you can interact with it , but mever found out . 
  yup . 
  all 3 endings . 
  the first time i played it , i finished it in one go in 6 hours . 
  the only time i had to use a guide was when there were 4 pipe slots , but only 3 pipes . 
  they got me on that one . 
  you can throw meat around to lure the monster away from you . 
  but that chase part was just terrifying . 
  there are those `` remember '' and i think `` juliet '' buttons on the launcher screen . 
  are those the dlcs ? 
  oh yeah , this game did n't phase me , but i ca n't even take a look at those space generator programs . 
  once i saw a black hole there and i felt so uneasy i almost fell from my chair . 
  thomas was alone !, 
  also buy the dlc right away . 
  it is a prequel . 
  the whole game will take you like 4 hours . 
  does n't really matter for how long the jedi unmobilizes logan . 
  he will simply outlive them . 
  shit , i am still not gon na make friends with spiders . 
  what the shit are you doing to that man ? 
  that will be the day / r/flashlights explodes . 
  `` rahia , that is no good jihab ! '', 
  `` since now , bahia , freedom is the only thing i will ever wear . '', 
  i took zaeed and garrus and everyone died . 
  had to reload last save . 
  a zt diving folder and something like a cold steel best pal . 
  but you do n't need a knife for self defence , so the zt is the only one you need . 
  james bond would n't really carry a `` classy knife '' because when he needs to use the blade , things have usually already gone to shit and back . 
  it was just me , zaeed and garrus on the way back to normandy . 
  tali is the second weakest ( same as kasumi ) so you made a better call then me . 
  it was just me , zaeed and garrus on the way back to normandy . 
  tali is the second weakest ( same as kasumi ) so you made a better call then me . 
  a city guard . 
  trust me . 
  i 've seen it happen . 
  he is a dapper dan man . 
  if you do something , just so you can talk about it , you should n't have done anything at all . 
  this is a good post . 
  when you can crush it in one hand , it is a kitten . 
  when you can not , use two hands . 
  it is jon , not john goddamit !, 
  i do n't really get the manual transmission elitist . 
  is that like , swiss money ? 
  man , i can tell you that volunteering for refugees is the most ungreatful thing . 
  you feel like a god damn sysyphos . 
  you are right somewhat , but the world would n't be a better place , it would just seem like it . 
  i really do n't like to argue on reddit , there is never a bad opinion , just different . 
  yeah , you bring them food , prepare it in the refugee camp and then some boss of their comes to the cantine and announces that they are on a hunger strike . 
  that they want more allowance each day . 
  so you are ready to bring the meals to the school or something , but then a herd comes and everyone takes their meal to their room , and say they wo n't eat it , because hunger strike . 
  but then they return empty plates . 
  what the hell , man . 
  and the media is making profit from making it seem like it is n't . 
  hi speed lo drag short throw dip stick flashlight . 
  tactical deployment edition . 
  is n't it also practical to wear it this way , so when you hold a rifle , you can still see the watch face ? 
  what poor animal have you put inside the bottle ? 
  look at her other hand . 
  the bottle spells `` naive '' backwards . 
  i was like , that is a neat knife !, 
  i want that !, 
  then i looked it up and now i know it will remain in the `` want '' list forever . 
  looks like grey fox from mgs1, 
  that is great , especially the e6b part . 
  so about 21 metric tons of fuel . 
  that is a lot . 
  regarding mufflers . 
  does anybody know which car/truck has the most effective muffler ( quietest exhaust sound ) ? 
  i hate those punks with loud cars driving around , and i do n't want to be like them . 
  hard to tell from this angle , you should make the request in / r/watches . 
  i bought the trilogy for like $ 10 in the spring and then i went ahead and bought all the dlcs for like $ 60, 
  i played it in amnesia . 
  small world . 
  shitload of money . 
  i panicked too !, 
  then i realized that it was baby blood and not puppy blood , and that gave me comfort . 
  ending niggers rightly , since the dawn of times . 
  very neat - hella neat, 
  ride of the valkyries, 
  arrive 2 hours late on christmas eve . 
  when he asks you where have you been , say : `` kept you waiting , huh ? '', 
  he only wakes up , when his skills are needed . 
  hey , you are the guy that commented about the photosynthesis on the other thread . 
  small world , huh ? 
  such a shame . 
  where will you be when the lizurds come ? 
  you know what his name is !, 
  the price is 15 czk , which is like half a dollar . 
  legit shop , i purchase games from it regularly . 
  translator works ok for the site . 
  edit : for a complete list of this weeks deals : https://www.gamesale.cz/?akce-!,195,
