  he said `` difficult '' and he had me sold . 
  my grandma always said that these grow from shit . 
  i still do n't know what she meant by that . 
  that is one sexy gun !, 
  wait , you can get 30 nuggets in usa ? 
  yeah well , that was 2deep4me . 
  when i come home and my mother asks me 1,562 questions . 
  shit , i lost . 
  i miss the list :(, 
  when was the set released ? 
  do kids this young really understand the plot of the series ? 
  they were really chill about that missile . 
  not even rushing . 
  i thought i would win with my ka-bar , but there is already a guy with katana and the one with a machette and a spear so yeah ... 
  why do you carry a mut without carrying a firearm ? 
  i thought it had tools for weapon servicing . 
  nice edc though , i have the same flashlight . 
  i have to look into that . 
  i love that bit extension . 
  all leatherman 's are good multitools . 
  you just need to find out which tools you need . 
  if you ca n't decide and do n't mind the size , buy a full size leatherman like a surge , which has almost every tool you might need . 
  i have played through the trilogy 4 times . 
  i would buy this on first day . 
  i do n't understand the word `` gays '' in the title . 
  siddhartha was a mind opening piece of art , but in which way was it mindblowing for you ? 
  i might have not understood all of it . 
  man , the movie is so depressing for me in some kind of weird way ... 
  what does it have in common with the video game of the same name ? 
  played the game , did n't read the book . 
  the flashlight is the legendary amazon zoom flashlight . 
  and i thought that flashlight would n't fit . 
  just wondering . 
  the developers might have used the name just for marketing purposes , which is a wretched thing to do . 
  so flash is not going to be in arrow anymore ? 
  diggle and deadshot are kinda on good terms right now i think . 
  but working with the criminal scum ... 
  slade is so badass . 
  i do n't want to see lugo die again :(, 
  i want rocksteady to make a green arrow game . 
  rich superheroes are the most fun !, 
  loved the first season . 
  the second one ... not so much . 
  something like saints row the third would be nice . 
  you are not alone , brother . 
  all things in the photos look so `` used '' , it evoques some kind of mysterious feeling inside of me . 
  even the room in the dog photo . 
  that torn couch with a globe in the background ... 
  very artistic pictures . 
  looks like booker devitt, 
  or have a bad limb . 
  is n't robin and nightwing basicaly the same person ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  not much in the dc universe . 
  where did he left to ? 
  to nandu parbat ? 
  are these the messages from sarah after oliver queen returned from the island ? 
  buy 20 of those legendary amazon zoomable flashlights . 
  i still do n't understand how it can be so cheap . 
  it seems like it . 
  and he also used a ka-bar as a weight . 
  that guy is livin a life . 
  well , where i live we have also a chicken ham , which is technicaly from a bird . 
  and we appreciate it . 
  reddit is a wild place . 
  stab the busdriver in the balls . 
  for car trafficking, 
  is this from neogaf ? 
  i have the yellow truck too . 
  i wonder why is it the only one yellow in there . 
  i think it is from an airport set , therefore the different colour . 
  the console itself !, 
  i am picking it up today after school . 
  i ca n't express my excitement through mere words . 
  what ? 
  mine is brave like a fucking lion . 
  tfw no bjs from gf :(, 
  is this the guy who becomes blind ? 
  ok , thank you . 
  bitches be crazy, 
  yep , i found one brick from the set which has an airplane sticker on it . 
  even if i win i wo n't be able to fit the game on my tiny 8gb card :(, 
  exactly my thoughts, 
  my girlfriend does n't have nipples so this kind of stuff always gets me excited . 
  i love that movie , but which is the opening scene ? 
  the one in the hotel with the midget ? 
  i just woke up without a hangover . 
  still drunk . 
  cheers !, 
  it certainly did !, 
  i really like it . 
  kinda heavy though . 
  the comments in this thread actually brought a tear into my eye . 
  seeing such patriotism and freedom . 
  and i am not even from the u s of a. 
  it 's not about the land you stand on . 
  it 's about the land you stand for . 
  uncharted : golden abyss , metal gear solid for psx and persona 4, 
  not as fucked up as former australians . 
  what 's the difference between bunny and rabbit ?
