  but it is just an animal which sometimes comes to eat some food you bought for it . 
  hey , i know you from liquicity !, 
  just came to say hello . 
  have a good one !, 
  yes i do . 
  i am disabled and walk with crutches , so that is the only comfortable way to carry stuff around . 
  mute the left one . 
  would scrin use that infamous teleport mastermind , mothership blast tactic ? 
  well in any case i place my bets on scrin , just because there is a sheer number of them . 
  so , you teleport your mastermind unit ( scrin commando ) to enemy base , capture one of their buildings using the mastermind 's ability , then you can build yout buildings in enemy base . 
  then it gets hectic . 
  you sell the lvl3 tech building you had in your base and build it at the enemy base . 
  then you can summon the mothership above the newly build tech center . 
  use the mothership to destroy the tech center and the chain reaction of the mothership 's tiberium beam destroys all adjacent buildings . 
  boom !, 
  whole base is a toast . 
  search `` scrin mothership wipeout '' on youtube, 
  deadpool . 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  all the other characters have like around average life span . 
  you have to think it through . 
  observe the base , use aircraft so they think , that is the way you are playing the game . 
  save up a lot of money ( like 10000 ) and then just be really quick . 
  but yeah , one hammerhead chopper or atv and show 's over . 
  it depends on the prize !, 
  deadpool can get very motivated . 
  `` treat others like you want others to treat you . '', 
  you can get a lot of people angry by following this rule . 
  well you do a lot of shit you do n't do when you are not shitfaced . 
  yeah this `` fight '' really was n't well planed . 
  but if you look at it with adult eyes , calvin is n't winning this and we are arguing about something made up . 
  thank good russian standart is made in poland and ukraine . 
  it 's made in poland and ukraine . 
  no golden rims . 
  she 's a beaut !, 
  also , what version of controller is that ? 
  that is cool as fuck . 
  i do n't even have to ask you anything . 
  you are a truly amazing actor . 
  thank you . 
  and she has an adorable dog !, 
  huh , just noticed . 
  i would dig out his parents , cut off their heads and put them on spikes in front of wayne manor . 
  every person who decides to live in the free world is worthy living there . 
  shit , i 'd have sex with a russian lobster for that kind of money . 
  that thing with the credit card is interesting . 
  do you have a contact ? 
  i would be interested . 
  my girlfriend has like 15 books about hitler . 
  she also owns translated version of mein kampf . 
  but she is more obsessed with concentration camps , so i have that going for me . 
  did you get the doctorate ? 
  man , you 're living the life ... 
  edcmarketplace.com would be nice . 
  why is every one of these some kind of horror ? 
  are mini-z racers welcome ? 
  i 've been racing with mini-z an 8th year now . 
  since mr-01 . 
  i always have a great time . 
  no problem fighting through the bad guys . 
  plus the ring 's mental power could n't reach his brain through the adamantium skull . 
  also maybe captain america . 
  if the ring posed a threat to the us of a he would do whatever he could to eliminate it . 
  he is the ultimate patriot . 
  the original idea was to translate rap lyrics to ole english . 
  not just any lyrics . 
  there is nothing you can do to improve freedom !, 
  this was the first episode where i actually liked sansa . 
  she finally started playing the game . 
  and she plays it right . 
  as a guy living in europe , this is my dream vehicle and this makes me so sad . 
  i am also broke as hell :(, 
  trucks like these are like unicorns here in europe . 
  i 'd take it over a porsche any day . 
  i request archer theme !, 
  could you please please pleaaaaase ? 
  last year someone from reddit `` accidentaly '' got into the expo before opening . 
  is it happening again this year ? 
  hell , give wolverine magneto 's power and he will become an adamantium slaughter projectile, 
  left 4 dead 4 or portal 4 . 
  man sandokan is the only obscure hero i know in this thread . 
  i am czech . 
  sandokan was a big thing here in the ' 80 , ' 90 . 
  since the only way to hurt achilles is through his heel , i can see only syrio or oberyn be able to do that . 
  maybe only syrio . 
  in the movie , achilles did n't give a smallest shit while fighting , you could n't see him exhausted . 
  wolverine and green arrow . 
  round 1 : wolverine jumps right into the action while oliver picks his target from a distance . 
  when he runs out of arrows , he joins logan in the pit of slaughter . 
  round 2 : the green claw . 
  it is basicaly a hooded wolverine , which can pull adamantium arrows from his forearm and shoot his compound bow with adamantium string . 
  he is also extremely rich and still sexy as hell . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't know shit about this 616 thing . 
  there was a 4chan post about a guy who left a bottle of cider laying there on a shelf , but in fact , he drank the cider and replaced the bottle contents with piss . 
  i always thought that this happened a long time ago . 
  but now as i think about it , you could have already played legends of zelda by the time this was taken , so it does n't seem that long ago now ... 
  i 've spent tens of hours with the original gof on sony ericsson cell phone . 
  this takes me back . 
  well probably in slovakia , poland etc. 
  there is pretty simmilar tv content .
