  that 's the way you summed it up . 
  survive in a union or do n't survive , with the definition of survive being vague . 
  not much , fosters comes from australia because you see it in the adverts . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
   shamefully i would n't say it 's shameful . 
  we already miss out on a lot more of our own important history enough then to start focusing on colonies and tons of endless colonial wars . 
   if you think european countries will be able to survive , without some sort of union , on their own in the upcoming century , you are incredibly naive . 
  european countries will obviously continue , we just wont be relevant and could get pushed around be bigger nations . 
  if you have a problem with this and want europe to become a big bad superpower and dominate the world again i do n't know what to tell ya . 
  leave polska alone plz, 
  most people who supp the eu in other countries do n't feel the need to go around draped in eu flags and singing oh to joy . 
  no one really cares about our own patriotism so why would they care about the pulse of europe ? 
  if you support the eu you would have voted to remain but you would n't go to the pulse of europe . 
  dude it was already over by that point . 
  the only reason the suez crisis seemed like a tragedy was because people were so blinded that they could n't recognise that our time was up . 
  india no competition . 
  but it does n't even make much sense as we barely had india at the time of the american war of independence and the loss of the american 13 colonies kinda led us to try our luck elsewhere in the world so if america had never broken away there might never have been a pax britannica or an empire witch covered 1/4 of the world . 
  everything but the weather . 
  about what , just an overview of the country in general ? 
  most counties that would likely feature would probably be little known and have a shroud of mystery like myanmar or bhutan but i doubt anyone actually needs an introduction to the uk because we are quite notorious . 
   how do the british feel about the american war of independence ? 
  do you think you were wrong or right ? 
  is it taught in a way that makes it seem you actually won ? 
  we are n't taught about it at all and many people do n't even know the history of the us or our connection with them . 
  my sister thought the u.s celebrated the independence day because it was the day they abolished slavery and she is in her 20s . 
  all in all , the american war of independence and most of our foreign policy in our history is n't deemed important enough for people to learn as the curriculum focuses on events at home and the american war of independence specifically did n't have much of an impact . 
  this question has been asked many , many , many times on ask reddit and all the responses will be the same as mine : https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/search?q=american+revolutionary+war&amp;restrict_sr=on, 
  bring back the english special of being hung , drawn and quartered . 
  works a treat . 
  wales cause then i can go visit home in an hour drive . 
  if any country claimed the rightful british territory of [ rockall ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bd/rockall-photo_crop.jpg ) . 
  i would fight and die for that rock . 
  um yeah i think it might be the latter . 
  i 'm just going to go out on a limb on say this guy is n't a neo nazi . 
  the council of europe is exclusionary , justice for belarus !, 
  i do n't know if it is worth dying for but i would if there another ww2 situation . 
  not that i would have a choice of course as i would just get drafted . 
  i am sure you do n't . 
  i was just being sarcastic because this guy was going off on one about how the british people are all arrogant and cunty . 
  talk about self loathing . 
  as you were . 
  i thought polish people were adamant about poland being in western europe ? 
  hmmm what do * you * think about google translate ? 
  do you think it 's worth the hype ? 
  seriously though i 'm not too sure as i do n't know how badly it is perceived . 
  is it like the japanese swastika or the japanese balkenkreuz/iron cross ? 
  reminds me of [ belgium neutrality ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x2vr97j.png ), 
  or maybe he considers britain to be england ? 
  he would n't be the first . 
  no one has air conditioners dude . 
  this is n't dallas . 
   your mastery of the language dunno where you got the idea that i had mastery of my language . 
  i 'm mediocre at best . 
   as for the former royal families , most people , as far as i know , dislike them . 
  [ what about this one ? ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince_philip,_duke_of_edinburgh ) [ but , i do n't think you need a monarchy when you 're the founder of democracy . ], 
  ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/polandball/images/a/a0/greece_democracy.png/revision/latest?cb=20170303193540 ), 
   in britain we seem to just keep the queen in order to keep the tourists happy nice job trying to play it cool and making us sound like such a chill nation but the truth is we keep our monarch for our own reasons and not just for the tourists . 
  you ca n't exactly argue with up to 80 % support of the monarchy so i 'd say it 's pretty well liked in this country . 
  true , but you 're basing your argument of the assumption that the british empire was as bad as nazi germany ; it was n't . 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges really because one entity is an empire centered on conquering and trade while the other is a state centered on ethnic cleansing and racial purity . 
  no we did not `` invent '' concentration camps and no we are not fully responsible for the bengal or irish famines either as they were both natural famines not man made ones however are response can definitely be criticized . 
  i 'm not going to get into a whole `` was the empire bad or good '' debate as it is pretty much endless and very debatable , but do understand , that the british empire was nowhere near equal to nazi germany . 
  plus then you 'd have to criticize the dutch , french , spanish , portuguese , german , belgium , italian , russian , and turkish for their slack relationship with their imperial past . 
  just because britain was the flagship does n't mean the rest of the world should have their past forgotten . 
  [ this bit specifically ] ( https://youtu.be/gvagssolay4?t=65 ) just made me nope . 
  i was getting into it but then their accents sounded too british and it blew it . 
   for many , british people are harder to understand than americans good . 
  keeps you on your toes . 
  i 'm not going to continue arguing the point that british people are not assholes . 
  you may have had a few bad experiences but whatever , every country has assholes . 
  denounce your citizenship if you 're that passionate . 
  do n't know much about the subject but british rail these days is super expensive to the point where i can fly to berlin cheaper then i can catch a train to london and nationalism will supposedly lower the price and remake train travel affordable and a realistic option again . 
  however according to some accounts , when the rail system was still nationalised it was very unreliable and the service was shoddy . 
  i do n't know which is worse tbh . 
  why ca n't we just have nice things ? 
  tell them . . or do n't , jesus christ this is n't a class on how to make conversation . 
  or you could you just follow the rule of good conversation in britain : + do n't talk about how much you earn + do n't talk about your politics + do n't talk about your religious beliefs . 
   you 're welcome to play the beige middle if you want but if you have n't taken note of the poisonous undercurrent beneath the so-called jokes you 're either oblivious or being willfully obtuse lol it was hardly a joke and it obviously was n't poisonous . 
  if this is how you take humour then no wonder you think we 're all assholes . 
   just because it 's a generalisation does n't mean it does n't have an basis in truth or reality . 
  it does n't mean that it does either . 
  is it me or are you implicitly defending generalising and stereotyping groups of people because they might have a grain of truth ? 
  you 're on the road the road to racism and xenophobia with that one buddy . 
   i know that all french people do n't have contempt for us = then say so in the first place calm down john of arc . 
   parisians they really are n't like that ; i do n't think they even give us a second thought well neither are we . 
  so it 's okay to generalise and denounce your own people but defend french people for obvious generalisations ? 
  i * know * that all french people do n't have contempt for us , just as i * know * that we all do n't have contempt for them . 
  funny enough , most people in the world do n't hate or have bad feelings towards other groups of people for no reason !, 
  who knew ? 
   you are not familiar with the theory of how we become one no i 'm not because it 's not even worth thinking about . 
  please do get rid of your borders or whatever , we could use hanover back . 
  lol okay so say germany loses all of it 's borders and renounces it 's claim to any land . 
  few days later germany 's ex-land will be annexed by its neighbors . 
  nobody ever does anything similar ever again . 
  the end . 
  no not really . 
  they 're still an exporting country , millions of chinese people still live in poverty , pseudo communism makes china hard to become best friends with , they have a lot of territory that could become break away states and i think they are already too far behind to replace the u.s. 
  last time i checked the empire and churchill is n't part of our culture , it 's part of our history . 
  wait , by that logic does that mean nazism is part of german culture ?
