  a better question is why would someone make fun of somebody who only speaks their native language , especially when it 's the lingua franca ? 
  would seem his family are a bit cunty . 
  it 's not a competition dude . 
  at the end of the day languages are for communicating and if you feel like you can communicate well and you are doing fine with just english then you should n't force yourself to learn another language or care that other people do . 
  one way to completely take the joy out of a subject is to associate it with unpleasant memories so if you do want to learn another language then take the modern approach and do it in your own time and decide if you even want to in the first place . 
  you already speak english which is an advantage in itself as you do n't have to rush to speak the lingua franca . 
  i do n't really care . 
  `` if you have nothing to hide then you have nothing to fear '' and whatnot . 
  also , i accepted the fact that nothing i do on the internet is private a long time ago so none of this is news to me . 
   so , you live in the uk ( or us ? 
  ) , speak english but have some asian blood , right ? 
  it 's that what you mean by `` look like i should ... '' , did i understand correctly ? 
  that actually makes a lot more sense now . 
  good detective work . 
   and then people laugh when they find out i ca n't . 
  who does this ? 
  it 's pretty well known that most anglophones are monolingual so if anyone is actually surprised by the fact that an english speaker does n't speak another language then they are either jealous or retarded . 
  remember , if these people were the native lingua franca speakers instead then they would n't bother to learn our shitty language either . 
  history happened the way it did so do n't feel embarrassed for it . 
  the land boundary of europe in the south is the caucasus mountains and as georgia squarely falls outside of this they are not in europe . 
  the definition of europe is pretty well defined and has been since peter the great . 
   makes cool cars ( that sadly break too easily do n't rub it in . 
  we do n't make cars anymore because the companies are now all ... german . 
  * sobs *, 
  since when were georgians considered europeans ? 
  their flag is n't even in the banner and since the banner is all knowing that means they are n't in europe . 
   at the end of the day learning another language is certainly a good thing . 
  then there is not an issue then correct ? 
  you get to speak multiple languages and the majority of the european continent can communicate . 
  drinks all around . 
   really ? 
  why not italian instead ? 
  because the us speaks english so everyone else has to . 
  you seem to be quite bitter over this fact but it is the way it is . 
  `` really donald trump ? 
  it 's 2017 ! '', 
  * audience roars with laughter *, 
  i really believe for totally unbiased reasons that everyone in europe should keep learning english . 
  other then the vocabulary , no . 
   yes , the british are far more sophisticated than their uncultured american cousins it 's called a * class * system for a reason you know . 
  just trump, 
  i 'm not talking about germany . 
   i 'm just pointing out that he may not have meant it in the british sense psh no class . 
  working class means they work e.g plumber , painter , builder . 
  middle class would be a solicitor or a doctor and upper class would be something aristocratic or a family with old money . 
  so what would you call someone who can speak * some * french very poorly but would n't be considered monolingual ? 
  something to think about . 
   if i may , you seem to have quite the chip on your shoulder . 
  about ? 
  no because we have the best plug sockets in the world . 
  3 pin master race . 
  so assuming that the working class make up the majority of your country then should n't germany have low english speaking population instead of 60 % ? 
  so because i can say je m ` appelle [ insert name here ] and name a few french words for colours you would consider me bilingual ? 
  awesome . 
  5 years of french paid off !, 
   but you do have to be able to at least master algebra and geometry ; if you still can not evaluate f ( x ) : = x +2 for x = 5 by the time you graduate , then yes , you are either severely challenged or an absolute slacker . 
  hurr durr guess i 'm mentally challenged then . 
  knowing the difference between a plant and an animal \u2260 * learning a different language * just another thought , what if somebody that is suppose to know english just is n't that good at languages as some people are n't good at maths or chemistry ? 
  i sucked at mfl and it just did not interest me at all so the only thing i got from it was being able to count to 5 and naming a few colours in french . 
  does that thought ever cross your mind ? 
  in this country but just a bit further into the sticks . 
  sounds like a load of elitist bs . 
  well then i hope one day humanity finally becomes civilised . 
  the contradiction obviously being that most developed countries do n't offer free education so it is n't a standard in civilised countries . 
   i would even say if someone in a bar suddenly starts to speak perfect english to a foreigner that arrived , a lot of people will think this guy is an asshole snob to speak good english . 
  ah thank god i can rely on frenchies to give me hope for the rest of europe . 
  too many people in this thread are disowning their own people that do n't speak english while if english was n't the world language our attitude if would probably be fuck everyone who does n't speak english . 
  when you say lower class is that your working class or something else ? 
  otherwise if i was german i would probably not be speaking english . 
  well unfortunately that 's what the majority do so maybe you should redefine your definition of uncivilised . 
  for the uk i would say less dumb and more on the spectrum of mentally inept . 
   i do n't think many germans consider `` free '' universities a `` benefit '' - it 's a feature of a civilised societies , just like roads . 
  it 's the opposite way around considering the `` civilised '' countries that actually give free education are few and far between . 
   puff dogs there is a special place in hell for people like you . 
  ireland was never british and was not a key part of the nation during its time . 
  ireland was only part of the union from the acts of union of 1800 so i 'd hardly try were as key a feature as scotland is in then union . 
  ireland is n't either geographically british so they were not that important . 
  so your judging the british identify by the last change to borders the united kingdom ? 
  guess that means the french identify has only existed since 1918 and the german identify has only existed since 1990 . 
  that makes sense . 
  because it 's formally existed since 1707 which is still quite a long time . 
  it was called the british empire for a reason you know ? 
  i think one of the main differences between you and i is our opinion on whether the british identify is as inauthentic as a larger european or a eurasian one would be . 
  i would believe that the nation of britain is inauthentic if i had been brought up to believe that england was it 's own nation in it 's own right but as england is obviously the stronghold of unionism and the uk itself most people tend to be lax with the maintaining the english identity . 
  however this is for good reason as a strong national identity for the less powerful countries of the union helps to maintain their culture and political relevance while a strong english national identify could tear the united kingdom apart so it is convenient for politicians in westminster to keep talking about `` britain '' and `` this great nation of ours '' , while not letting the term ` england ' leave their lips . 
  i would like to live in a world where all of our countries ( hell even cornwall ) are recognized and equal but that day is likely not coming . 
   i 'm sorry about that . 
  it 's a shame the english flag has negative associations , but it 's not like the union jack does n't have most of the same negative associations outside england . 
  true , however using the union jack has does n't have much negative implications because it is the national flag of the uk so no one can blame you for using it , but using the english flag is a choice so people assume you 're trying to make some big statement with it instead of simply displaying your location more accurately . 
   has it occurred to you that you might be objectively in error about a matter of fact no , it is the opposite that is objective . 
  my nationality is british by law and it is what appears on my passport and not any other label so it hardly matters . 
  half the people in england do n't even identify as english so in my opinion the constitutional countries are just glorified states . 
   your remarks about not wanting to be seen as a mere region of a supra-national state . 
  i 'm afraid i consider the country * to be * one nation . 
   no weirder than eu flag flair . 
  it just seems like flag of st george ( presumably ) would be more in keeping with your stated views . 
  i tried using the english flag at one stage but it became too much of a burden when it kept being brought up and used as an insult or thrown in my face throughout various discussions . 
  people would be responding with something like `` ironic , you say x about the uk/eu/equality / racism/etc and yet you have a english flag for a flair '' or claiming that i must be racist or a nationalist . 
  unfortunately not all types of regional identities are seen as adorably as yours . 
   it just seems odd considering your previous remarks what previous remarks ?
