  sure , but then spain would have to deal with the entirety of spanish speaking latin america and western sahara so got right ahead . 
  that makes literally no sense . 
  how would we sing it at the olympics ? 
  sing it to our tv screens ? 
  there is no independence day and we do n't have a veterans day * per se * we have remembrance day which is about silence and reflection . 
  also , where would we even sing it on remembrance day , in our homes by our selves while watching the remembrance day parade from london on tv ? 
  what national events ? 
  nobody sings it for anything because there is not reason or occasion . 
  psh no , otherwise we 'd be helping out the [ entire world bar the lucky 12 countries of china , mongolia , japan , korea , afghanistan , iran , thailand , ethiopia , liberia , nepal , bhutan and tonga ] ( https://i.redd.it/247nhepm9auy.jpg ) so i do n't think that would bode well for us . 
  the remaining territories that are still under our control are looked after and provided for . 
  edit : forgot tonga, 
  no one taught me the words to the national anthem as no one sings it for any occasion , you just learn the words through exposure to it from the football , tv , radio or whatever . 
  i never met anyone with a degree except my teachers . 
  sorry i ca n't hear you over the theme tune of the archers . 
  du du du du du da du . 
  i do n't know how my opinion on jus sanguinis has anything to with my stance on republicanism but sure lets end it here . 
  i 'm glad you 're taking this seriously . 
  it 's a childish attitude to assume that if the uk ever converted to a republic then it would need to be carried out with respect and dignity ? 
  it does n't bother me that there is one family in london that are born with in built privilege as i feel the monarchy does an essential duty and that it is necessary . 
   i 'll assume you like kneeling and bowing , and love princesses and fairy romance stories lol, 
  statements like that do n't do republicanism in the uk any favours . 
  most people have great respect for the queen and such statements just end up alienating them . 
  umm you should learn it because it 's important to learn the language of any country you live in and english is also the most important language in the world so you 'd be doing yourself a favour . 
  i does n't come up ( or any song for that matter ) on bbc radio 4 . 
  never heard it . 
  i have n't listened to the charts since i was 12 and i do n't listen to much radio or watch any tv so most modern music passes me by . 
  edit : just listened to 5 seconds of it and it 's in spanish ? 
  are those the grandkids of the children that were born in the uk or grandkids of someone who 's grandad is from the uk but they have never stepped foot there ? 
  sounds like a twitter holiday, 
  just take the general negative effects of global warming and apply it to europe . 
  i think it 's pretty stupid when you consider there are 100,000,000 people who have english ancestry alone . 
  i think if you want british citizenship you should n't get special treatment just because you share some blood with people from here . 
  your ancestors decided to leave so nobody said it should be a piece of cake to get back in . 
  we can dream spaniard !, 
  it 's just something people do at parties , weddings , birthdays etc. 
  i think the tradition comes back from before tv 's or radios so people had to make their own entertainment and we still do . 
  this does n't make much sense . 
  people are just posting sentences in french , german whatever and i ca n't understand it regardless of what they are saying . 
  a trick that you do at a party , really ? 
  like , your mate tells a funny story , your aunt can juggle , your dad can do a magic trick . 
  you all go around a room and everyone has to do their bit for the entertainment . 
  i pretend to do a card trick and keep it going for 7 minutes by ensuring people that my failures were part of the trick . 
  after you do that a few times at a couple different parties people do n't tend to ask for your trick anymore so success . 
  sherlock homes and james bond and shit . 
  christ not another self loathing american . 
  renounce your citizenship to the most powerful country in the world and come live in the european utopia with us . 
  there is legit no problems here . 
  they have different names . 
  year, 
  we got tons . 
  [ rule britannia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnfvjc99yy ) , [ god save the queen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tn9ec3gy6nk ) , [ land of hope and glory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tw0qqit2lu ) , [ i vow to thee my country ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvouc8qs_mi ) , [ british grenadiers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgrxho-b2ty ) ( and the rest of our marches ) , [ over the hills and far away ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woeyppoblaw ) , [ heart of oak ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nxfcdgyana ) , [ sailor 's hornpipe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_jekzd9ece ) , [ the roast beef of old england ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5lhjyzbfco ) , [ jerusalem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkrhwt6xdeu ) and all of our sea shanties ( [ spanish ladies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_2g_kntbek ) , [ drop o ' nelson 's blood ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwpfdwysxls ) ) . 
  how can you not love british imperialism when we got all the best tunes ? 
  i prefer my fast food in chains then local because the food is to the same stranded and quality wherever you go and you do n't have to waste meals trying to find a chinese place that has edible chips or a kebab place where the meat does n't look dodgy . 
  wimpy was originally an american company . 
  we just do n't have fast food chains through out the country like we do with our supermarkets like tesco or the co-op . 
  i mean , how cool would it be if we had something dumb like yorkshire fried chicken all over the country ? 
  that 's the kinda stuff we 're missing out on . 
  no they do n't they are their whole different kind of thing . 
  when people say they 're in the mood for fast food they are not talking about chip shops . 
  plus , the is no single brand of chip shops there are thousands of different local shops and they all have varying quality and style so out of the 5 chip shops that are in my town of 10,000 , 2 are shit 1 is too greasy and two are acceptable . 
  are we talking racially mixed or ethnically mixed because racially i 'm just some white dude but ethnically i 'm english with some welsh on my mothers side and probably some other stuff if you went back hundred of years . 
  basically just fast food joints . 
  i kinda upset that we actually do n't have our own fast food brands as we do our own supermarkets and shops . 
  almost all junk food places i can think of are american . 
  a great man once said `` americans are always be innovating and euros be always imitating '' . 
  it 's ideal . 
  sun sometimes in the summer , cold in the winter and mild temperatures throughout . 
  i have no idea why people complain about the weather when we legit have the perfect climate . 
  the sun is nice in short bursts but i get so sick of the sun and the oppressive heat after a few days and need it to get back to normal . 
  why you asking me ? 
  i was never taught this shit . 
  who would 've known , right ? 
  alright calm down john lennon . 
  neither was i but i can like , imagine ww2 and shit . 
  you ca n't imagine anything about europe before 1992 ? 
  you may want to get your imagination checked out . 
  i just ca n't see wild wolves being reintroduced into the wild when they will be right next to villages roads and motorways . 
  they were wiped out for a reason . 
  very weak connection or no connection at all . 
  i do n't think much of it when it comes it england as we almost have no wildlife or truly wild areas here as you 're never far away from civilization and it kinda needs to remain that way . 
  feet , inches , miles , stones and pounds are pretty much used for everything in daily life with metric being normally limited to maths and rulers . 
  because gcse courses start in year 9 so you only do all the subjects at a secondary school for 2 years before you select 4 personal gcse s and drop everything else that is n't completely mandatory like english or maths . 
  well in a british history classes we tend to focus on britain and not the rest of the world . 
  you only have have about 6 years to teach kids basic history and the first four years are before they are even 10 years old so a lot of it has to be kept light so almost all modern stuff ( ww1 , ww2 the holocaust and slavery ) are taught between the ages of 11 and 13 in 2 years and that is it for most students . 
   cecil rhodes and the `` white man 's burden are n't important in the grand scheme of things . 
  rhodes was important in history of southern africa but not us and the white mans burden was an idea that appeared in 1899 after about 300 years of imperialism so it is n't that relevant . 
  we got way worse in our history then a couple old racists and a unimportant ideology . 
  we should n't be teaching our kids small parts of our history just because they are bad or just because they are good if they have almost no impact on the development of the country . 
  you got prioritize the important stuff and we do n't even teach our kids about america or india so why would we teach them about the colonization and development of some obscure southern african colonies in the late 1800 's ? 
  that 's why he was voted the 10th greatest briton and has a statue in westminster . 
  yeah we hate him . 
  i 'm not, 
  you got to invade ethiopia in ww2 though so who * really * had the last laugh ? 
  but true your colonial managing was sickening . 
   are you living or have you ever lived in another european country that is like half of this sub . 
  there are 3 english civil wars within the civil war . 
  cromwell is mostly seen as good here as he is the the founder of english democracy , sorted out out the royals and his new ideas with the new army . 
  how is the english civil wars viewed in the us ? 
  no i equate your whole `` if you think european countries will be able to survive , without some sort of union , on their own in the upcoming century , you are incredibly naive '' with either being irreverent or becoming a superpower . 
  you do n't need a be a literature professor to read between the lines,
