  we do n't owe anyone anything . 
   no british people escaped around the black plague time ? 
  what ?!!, 
  so countries should be held responsible to repay help if any people from hundreds of years ago migrated ever ? 
  that 's fucking insane . 
   i 'm having a discussion as to why europeans meet refugee with attacks today probably because they are foreign ( obviously ) , there are a lot of them ( millions ) , they have a bad reputation , a lot of them are n't classified as refugees or are just economic migrants , they will burden the system , etc. 
  there are tons of reasons why people have their backs up , but your logic that we should help all these people because some obscure irreverent country did a nice thing 70 years ago is moronic . 
   i am wondering why i see so many europeans against refugee , when their ** ancestors was refugee as well ** eh lol what ? 
  what are you referring to ? 
  none of my ancestors have ever been refugees . 
  so your country helped a couple of thousand europeans 70 years ago . 
  so what ? 
  definitely net contributor . 
  i can handle us euros and the rest of the world bashing the us , but i ca n't stand pitiful self hating americans . 
  unless turkey loses eastern thrace , they will always be technically in europe and thus up for discussion . 
  however turkey is not just talked about because they are * technically * in europe ( like say kazakhstan ) , but because turkey is an important country and plays a large part in the stabilization of the middle east and nato as they control the bosporus straight . 
  something resembling our situation in the mid 18th century would be nice . 
  why are you always on about women stan ? 
  probably since anglo-saxon times but i 'm not paying money to find out . 
  my surname is an old english one and i 'm blonde with blue eyes so i assume we have been here a while . 
  prom . 
  i refused to go to these bullshit imports where everyone gets dressed in a suit and goes in a limo and shit . 
  give me a school disco any day . 
  no true frenchman ... . 
  us and france are going to have a competition to see who can cave in the tunnel with controlled explosives first . 
  you get an extra point for every opposing citizen that gets killed , but you lose half a point for any of your own citizens that die . 
  winner gets a comfier chair at the brexit negotiations . 
  i like our police and i think they do a good job . 
  you can feel like you can talk to them like you would to any other public service ( doctors , nurses ) and not like a threatening solider . 
  me likey . 
  next question !, 
  we were doing aright . 
  yeah that goes without saying . 
  root bear is great and it 's still reasonably popular here . 
  the uk is still one of the only places in europe that regularly sells sarsaparilla due to our history of temperance bars during the late 19th century . 
  you can still get them at tesco and asda at the least . 
  yes , but during the whole time the natural borders of the united kingdom never changed . 
  sure we can conquer vast swaths of foreign land but they would never be considered part of our country , unlike the rest of continental europe where borders constantly shrank and grew and most counties have irredentism and claims for other historic territories of theirs . 
  curse of being an island nation i guess . 
  we do n't really have ` pan britishness ' , we simply have unionism because it 's pretty well established that the people within the uk and the roi are our own separate ethnic groups . 
  so , the main reason that keeps the uk rolling and would ever have a chance of making a greater state would be from the thinking that we 're better off together because nobody is going to convince anybody to do anything in these islands by saying `` comon guys , we 're all british ! '' . 
  but our `` greater state '' is pretty sad when you see countries like germany get to annex half of central europe while we 're pretty much always going to have our natural borders limited to some islands in the north atlantic . 
  you just have to draw the line somewhere and he went over it . 
  cromwell is still seen as a hero by many in this country despite the genocide and the taking away of christmas ( a truly horrific crime ) . 
  see ? 
  we would n't be having this discussion if yugoslavia was still around i tell ya . 
  it 's a common name for the scots like paddy , taffy , mick and jimmy . 
   what is good for london is good for the uk this is excepted as true , but it does n't prevent resentment from the rest of the country . 
  the jocks and the rest do n't like it because it gives england the most power and importance and the rest of england do n't like it either because it means almost everything is centralized in the south east , which again has the most importance and money . 
  london = uk , duh . 
  to hell with the rest of the country as long as london keeps turning / s. 
  in all seriousness though , i do agree . 
  i would like for the wealth , tourism , trade and immigration to be evenly distributed throughout the country instead of having london be the centre of trading , finance , politics , immigration , tourism , travel etc. 
  maybe we could start by moving the political capitol to a more remote and unbiased city ? 
  i am well aware of europe 's history and past role in colonialism but discrimination based on race and ethnicity has always existed and has been present in every culture known to man , because that is how humanity works . 
  here are a ton of random links of stuff that happened to people with the same skin tone as me , this will win an argument maybe / s. 
  [ arab slave trade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_slave_trade ) , [ barbary slave trade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbary_slave_trade ) , [ slavery in the ottoman empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_the_ottoman_empire ) also , what has the 3/5th compromise got to do with europeans ? 
  last time i checked i was n't american . 
   it is apparently a racist teenaged girl that believes europeans invented racism  they did for the most part lmao citation needed, 
  because based upon your own judgement of ( self proclaimed ) 9/10 , you would be considered very attractive so you 're going to get attention . 
  i do n't know about what happens in the us or why your white friends did n't get much attention , but you probably should n't be looking too much into this as everyone 's experiences are different and you come off as a bit vain . 
  londoners france, 
   when another country decides over your country . 
  this is not democracy , unless the people in the former country want it to be like this . 
  if you simply do n't believe that the uk is 1 country then how can i argue with you ? 
  you probably want be satisfied with the direction of the uk unless the union dies . 
  because you already more or less fulfill your self determination . 
  yeah , we fulfill our determination , with an extra 118 non english mps voting on our laws . 
  great . 
   not only , you also do it for other nations . 
  you mean with democracy ? 
  like when a part of a country with more people has a bigger impact on politics then a part with less people ? 
   yes , but i hope you do understand that this sounds as much of a problem as russians demanding autonomy from the ussr , right ? 
  so we are denied our right to self determination because we are the majority ? 
  that is n't how it works . 
  we are our own distinct nation within the united kingdom and many english people desire autonomy so we should receive it . 
   which is wrong , of course , but the english are the majority and do have the power to change that hardly . 
  if it was that easy it would of happened already but like i said , politicians will not allow england to have self rule as it would tear the united kingdom apart . 
   what do you mean ? 
  that rather sounds like russians complaining that they have no self-determination in russia , a state where they form the large majority anyway ... 
  except the sovereign state i live in is not england it is the united kingdom so it is not comparable at all . 
   sure that england should be separated from the rest of the uk if it wanted to . 
  this is however not a problem if you are already the bigger region of the sovereign state and this claim sounds ridiculous , to be frank . 
  i 'm sure if england actually wanted to separate from or to have an autonomy within the uk , it would be strong enough to get it . 
  i think you 're blinded by looking at this in the perspective that the uk is the ussr and that the smaller regions are like your own nation , this is not the case . 
  despite england making up the majority of the population of the uk it is the not sovereign state and the english people too deserve autonomy on their own laws . 
  [ this west lothian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_lothian_question ) question has been a problem since the late 90 's and to this day politicians from across the uk vote on english laws while the opposite is not true . 
  i do n't think you know enough about the inner workings of the uk to judge who is worthy of autonomy or not . 
  also , cornwall is a nation . 
  you seem to have missed the most glaring point that there is no self determination in england and despite it having a yearning for autonomy the idea has always been swept under the rug . 
  do n't pretend that just because an region qualifies for self determination under international law that it would actually receive it in real life hence why scotland did n't get autonomy until 1999 . 
  do you not think think that england deserves autonomy too or are you too busy equating us to cold war russians ? 
  you can hardly say that self determination is the reason when self determination in this country is a complete joke . 
  do you not think that other people groups do not want autonomy ? 
  there is will for self determination in england , cornwall and even london however this will is suppressed because it is politically convenient to keep this areas free of autonomy and part of the heartland of the uk . 
  scotland has autonomy because it is politically convenient to appease them and that is it . 
   right to self determination . 
  just because you want self determination does n't mean you get it . 
   rather arrogant here . 
  you fail to understand that they identify as a separate nation .
