  i 'm all for self deprecation but you complemented france in the same sentence so that 's a no from me . 
  only ever been to cornwall and wales cause they 're close . 
  only difference between the two is one is a country and one is oppressed ^ free ^ ^ cornwall !, 
  the next town over . 
  our rails suck . 
  mostly middle age people who want the sun so they either go to spain and huddle in little communities or go to australia and moan about it . 
  when did the irish become the forefront of european politics ? 
  [ like this ] ( https://youtu.be/yhnfvjc99yy?t=49 ), 
  pretty sure ww1 was n't prussia 's or germany 's fault and while ww2 was , it was n't solely prussia 's burden as at the time it was just a state within germany . 
  the death of prussia wa n't a moral act as if it was the `` root of all evil '' but just the result of a land grab as the soviets annexed eastern poland so poland annexed most of eastern prussia which took up most of prussian territory . 
  also * fascism, 
  gib back blue passport pls . 
  most definitely . 
  i 've always known people within the family who have n't worked a day in their life and their only goal is to keep swindling to stay living on the state . 
  no self respect at all . 
  i guess you got the last laugh ... 
  ah i get it , strike from within !, 
  marry a scot , move to scotland , have scottish kids , live in scotland , murder your scottish family , bask in the centuries old blood of revenge ... . move back to yorkshire . 
  i 'm not from london but i assume there are more english people there then french , no ? 
  does n't it kinda live on through brandenburg ? 
  the frogs obviously and i 'm pretty sure most people in britain love to hate them because of rivalry throughout history but also because they 're kinda the opposite to us in many ways , like a yin yang kinda thing . 
  they have republic with a president while we still have a monarch as our head of state they value liberty , equality and fraternity while we literally still have lords , dukes , knights and i 'm pretty sure the british people still count as subjects to the crown . 
  they have been at the forefront of european politics for almost always while we have always been on the sidelines and detached ( literally ) . 
  and they 're kinda the representation of everything different and foreign about continental europe to many britons . 
  well obviously because they are literally by definition ; immigrants, 
  france and germany drive the eu while other nations like italy , spain and the uk ( pre 2016 ) sit on the sidelines of its running . 
  obviously most other smaller countries would n't be able to fund it so the eu rests solely on the franco-german alliance . 
  cadbury wispa was brought back . 
  truly a marvelous year . 
  no , you said high school . 
  have you tried using secondary school ? 
   high school retch, 
  best would be the 1966 world cup against w germany as it 's become somewhat legendary in english sporting history and spawned the `` they think its all over ... it is now '' saying and infamously known `` 2 world wars , 1 world cup '' chant . 
  worst would be every year that passes . 
  nope , not ringing any bells . 
  you ca n't single out americans for being ignorant about foreign literature , but then again do other non english speaking countries study english literate ( in their native language i mean because its cheating if they speak english too ) ? 
  tbh i do n't know any books from france or russia either unless you count the doomsday book or the communist manifesto ( and i 'm pretty sure they 're not even french or russian ) . 
  in england , probably cornwall . 
  cornwall was in a simpler state to wales in the late 19th century as they were both their own independent nations before england conquered them hundreds of years prior . 
  wales became a more recognized country within the uk in the 20th century but cornwall is still seen as a part of england . 
  it does n't help the cornish argument that : cornwall is very small and is the size of a county , it has a small population of 500,000 , the cornish language is mostly extinct which blurs the line between them and england , thousands of corns leave cornwall for england and are replaced by english people , cornwall is one of the poorest counties in england and cornwall has a massive problem with 2nd home owners buying property and leaving entire villages empty for 50 weeks a year . 
  ireland obviously because of obvious boring , historical , geopolitcal stuff ( much to their dismay ) . 
  is n't this a bit of a tired subject ? 
  i mean this question was answered in a way last year in june so just go look at the statistics . 
  they do ? 
  how cruel . 
  that 's the bit that 's the joke, 
  wow really ? 
  you 're kind of a unicorn . 
  from star wars ? 
  [ he could fund free prescription for the rest of the country , but not himself . ], 
  we got elves , wyverns , robin hood and lots of other cool shit that has been used by hollywood . 
  have you been to northern europe ? 
  - check have you been to the mediterranean - check have you been to central europe ? 
  - czech, 
  that would as insulting as referring to the uk as england and the netherlands as holland , but nobody does that ... . . 
  [ hmmmm ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbwudhiv9b0 ), 
  i quite like it as i think every country should have a proper name like `` france '' and not `` the french republic '' plus i 'm getting used to the word because we only called it the czech republic as we did n't have a name for it as bohemia was usually the most known historical state . 
  next on the list : think of a name for the central african republic ... 
  czesko = czech tesco ? 
  [ try the english one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london ) also , lontoo ? 
  5 million doubled is 8.6 million ? 
  finland 's bigger then we are . 
  you 're alright in my books . 
  live ? 
  same shit different day, 
  well its either ireland or france and one has a population of 66 million and a 2 trillion gdp and one does n't . 
  damn !, 
  i know i should have ^ invested ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ easten ^ ^ ^ ^ poland, 
  * in a world * ... 
  ireland cause we actually border them and the aim would to be take the capital and make them surrender ? 
  tesco every day value lager . 
  u.s was talked about in slavery but other then that nothing . 
  did n't even know america was one of britain 's colonies until a few years back . 
  i just thought that they had fireworks on the 4th of july for some reason . 
  we came in to save belgium because we are the nicest country ever and have never harmed a fly . 
  i guess every european country should fear one-other then because of past wars and 1 persons opinion , sure . 
  do n't want one politician running their mouth as it might cause ww3 between two countries that were at war 70 years ago . 
  france and germany are a coin flip away from massacring each other at any given second . 
  has anyone linked this guy that cgp grey video yet ? 
  it 's good . 
  we have a truly great head of state that has served us well for over 60 years wrapped in 1000s of years of history and culture . 
  even when the queen pops i will still support the monarchy despite who it is because that is kinda the point of it . 
  i do n't give a shit that there is a family in london that are born into privilege as it does n't cost too much ( insert overused cgp grey video ) and i do n't really care ideologically that a few babies in a decade are born with initiation privilege . 
  this is the united kingdom , not france and if i remember correctly , our motto does n't have liberty or equality any where near it . 
  sun . 
  this post is hogwash . 
   feels scary to me how very upsetting for you . 
  remember to lock your doors tonight in case a viscous militia of french people come and slaughter you and apparently all of germany for a sudden sporadic hated of your country . 
  a hooray henry . 
  wrong . 
  it is the responsibility of the people of askeurope to education the masses and teach them about their own history and culture . 
  only toffs have cleaners . 
  europe is a continent . 
  pretty much it . 
  most pot smokers are either normal people or chavs . 
  we do n't really have that lazy typical stoner stereotype . 
  that makes it even better !, 
  then he will be able to look back and remember the time when he was 16 and questioned the internet over his insecurities !, 
  yeah , tbh they probably are worth knowing .
