  my local says `` calls to clean up towns `` gateway '' after fighting , drinking , drug use and urinating in the street reported '' . 
  truly riveting . 
  not sure there is really boring period . 
  anything pre 1945 from the neanderthals to ww2 is not boring at all what with all the wars and the kingdoms and empires and shit . 
  anything post ww2 is n't boring it 's just that the tone has changed to learning more about the modern world as we know it because the constant wars , kings and conquering is over . 
  from the 50s onwards the historiography focuses a lot on the changes in society and politics of the country to define what was going on it that period . 
  just some really cool countries with some real cool colonial borders that do n't look weird at all . 
  i mean sure , it 's a great looking flag flag and i 'm totally not biased . 
  stalin normally but hitler is everyone 's go to . 
  definitely california 's . 
  the whole `` california republic '' just looks so cool considering the history . 
  they are their own countries so they can do as they wish in my opinion . 
  i think sanctions are a bit much though as they 're supposed to be an ally , not russia . 
   i 've been reading this thread on / r/europe and i wanted to ask this question here because it 's a mess there tbh i think askeurope is far superior in its discussions of everything due to its lower sub count and high user interaction . 
  it 's pretty easy to tell . 
  working class - smith , carter , wood upper class - anstruther-gough-calthorpe , hamilton niall lloyd-anstruther, 
  i like the fact the because everything is relativity new , nobody has to worry about protect old shit like buildings , churches , languages culture etc. 
  america can be more about efficiency then new retaining old shit like the road system of london v new york . 
  we share english with ireland , malta and the other islands in the isles . 
  obviously we share a lot with ireland and the channel islands but i 'm not too sure about malta . 
   a question on macedonian naming dispute [ umm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mppvglrqhda ), 
  questions about english and languages are the bane of my existence on this sub . 
  i was still taught to spell it mediaeval . 
   they 'd bash america and act smug about it oh i * hate * smarmy little pricks like this that keep up the charade that europe is a utopia and go full `` muh americans have gun n ' jesus '' . 
   eurobros , what is your country 's current stance on euthanasia in this case should n't it be euthaneurope or something ? 
   lol so you think it 's right for the palestinians to be expelled out of their homes because `` there 's many other countries with arabs '' ? 
  basically yeah  why do n't you go to america or canada for that matter then if anything they should come to us / s, 
  i saw a bird once . 
  outta my league brah . 
  if i was n't english i would probably be pissed that i supposedly * had * to learn english in my own country . 
  are you allowed to drop english at any point in your school life ? 
  we are allowed to drop mfl after 2 years . 
  but our money is so preeeeeeetty . 
   you could fail english and be perfectly ok thank god , i was starting to think * everyone * in europe * needed * to speak english . 
  if it ever comes a time when france has above 90 % english speaking rates , then god help us . 
   it 's the right thing to do you know if we had the schengan we would still not have free movement of people so people would n't legally be allowed to walk into the uk and they would n't be able to do that anyway because we 're an ** island in the sea !, 
  we were not even in the schengan when we were in the eu ? 
  why do n't we leave and adopt the euro while we 're at it , that makes sense . 
  they removed it from the curriculum before we got there . 
  apart from the holocaust , nothing . 
  did we even have jews ? 
   do your history classes incorporate moral judgments ( cruel/appropriate/justified / unjustified/right/wrong , etc ) ? 
  do your classes about the asian theater of ww2 mainly discuss the atomic bombs ? 
  lol we do n't even teach are own controversial shit , let alone yours . 
  lol i did n't know they even existed either . 
  no no no no . 
  they are just an asian country with a bit of territory left in europe from the good ol' days . 
  like kazakhstan ( except it 's not kazakhstans fault they 're technically in europe ) . 
  because tradition and shit plus the queen is the head of it so back off . 
  it 's not tbh . 
  do n't worry though we 're fine , the song says we will never be slaves so we good for life . 
  same thing happens here as they say that the different ethnic groups of the british isles are some of the most similar people that constantly try to make out their differences instead of their similarities . 
  never seen one . 
  our whole race is named after them . 
  besides the obvious humanitarian reasons , there are most defiantly thoughts about the benefits they could bring . 
  you ca n't blame politicians for being tactical . 
  yes , but it stinks out the whole house with a chip fat smell so we can only use it outdoors which means we can only use it when its nice outside which means we do n't use it at all . 
  have n't ever seen any films on the english civil wars or the war of the 3 kingdoms . 
  that would be cool to see . 
  preferable if they are n't directed by mel gibson . 
   so just call everyone ` irish probably yeah . 
  some dumb american ira sympathisers do n't consider northerners ` irish ' despite the fact they have been there longer then the us has existed so better just to say irish to stamp it out . 
  czech republic just sounds weird + it 's like saying `` i 'm going to the 5th french republic '' . 
  what difference does it make besides having a annoying accent and being bad geography ? 
  i think there is a bit of a difference between a tiny island and siberia . 
  if russia kept its land the eu would stretch to north korea and the bering straight would christ sake . 
  me likey , me likey a lot . 
  i 'm more attracted to asians and latinos and less attracted to black women , generally . 
  well , they might have to give 75 % of land their just to qualify for a start . 
  israel definitely . 
  even though i feel for the palestinian cause , them being the underdogs and all , i still believe that the jewish people deserve a homeland and that they need it more then the palestinians . 
  i feel that even though it 's not exactly fair for the arabs to be pushed out of their homes , they have the entire arab world and the entire muslim world for them and their faith while the jews just have that slice of land . 
  also i feel that israel is a very productive and prosperous state and that they have a lot to offer the world in science and development while if the land became largely palestinian again it would most likely return to a state of failure and squalor . 
  the swimming poole 's, 
  turkey can into yurop !, 
   wales be the only bit without devolution well , you can only hope . 
  i think wales should n't have devolution . 
  they barely even use it and we had to practically force it on to them . 
  other then that i think the england should also have it 's own parliament for it 's own affairs . 
  maybe cornwall ? 
  christ i dunno . 
   why is the eu so important beats me . 
  it is also quite general to say culture is * always * changing . 
  how and in what way ? 
  arabia is still the cradle of islam and has a very middle eastern culture . 
  if culture does truly change constantly then then surly then they should be drinking beer and wearing lederhosen while we should be praying to an indian god . 
  culture is n't like a beach that gets washed away every few decades , its more like a cliff face that slowly gets eroded over time so i think a lot of you overestimate the extent of much culture naturally changes . 
  * excuse * you . 
  pardon or excuse my french normally . 
   core values , traditions , and pride well 500 years ago the western world did n't have the core values that it holds today but it was still european . 
  culture is n't just about good human rights and democracy otherwise there would be no difference between japan and france . 
  surely this problem will just arrive again further down the road when immigrants have adapted and their fertility rates decrease to a similar european level . 
  trying to keep up a high birth-rate and population in a 1st world country feels like whack a mole . 
   culture is constantly changing i do n't see what you mean by this . 
  if i went back 500 years in time the culture would still be noticeably european as we see it today . 
  eastern orthodox normally . 
  i like her . 
  a serb who lives in b+y , the clues in the name . 
  well i guess you do n't * have * to kill its eggs . 
  banned from r/belarus,
