  + norman conquest , the doomsday book , manga carta , and the black death - year 7 . 
  + spanish armada , slavery , industrial revolution and ww1 - year 8 . 
  + fin overall i would say not too bad, 
   unfortunately , not everyone gets our sense of humour , so we irish have to restrain ourselves on some subs . 
   our dry wit is often taken literally . 
  yeah i guess impregnating a women to gain citizenship is a tab more of a pressing issue that i have with this post . 
  guess which one . 
   merkel is the new leader of the free world what even is the `` free world '' ? 
  that sounds way too pretentious so you can keep the `` commander in chief , leader of the free word '' thing . 
  i do n't think there are any mandatory languages currently . 
  i did french for 2 years from the ages of 11-12 but that was mostly learning colours and watching mr bean 's holiday so most people drop it as soon as they can . 
  i just wanted to make a remark that germans are of better stock and have better genetics tbh . 
  i assumed that google was giving me the conversion in feet and inches and not just feet . 
  i have almost no compression of anything in metric so i 'd have to convert it . 
  google unit converter says it 5.93832 feet so go figure . 
  damn , 5 foot 11 ? 
  well they do say germans are of better stock . 
  edit : correct conversion . 
  i do n't shower i bathe once a day at the end of the day . 
  england might have to soon to stop the flooding of lowlands in east anglia and erosion of the eastern coast . 
  neither did the majority of britons , but the flag is still called that . 
  sure thing fellow butcherer , 
  i can understand that americans are more patriotic then most europeans , that 's fine . 
  but i ca n't understand the extent of it to the point where people are looked down upon for not standing and putting their hand on their chest at the national anthem or the us flag . 
  politician 's careers will be ended if they do n't say `` god bless america '' after every sentence and people will support anything if it 's made in america . 
  i have a somewhat respect for the union jack and i would n't go out my way to damage one for no reason but i would n't ever salute a flag or fly one myself . 
  from a vexillology stand point though i am very proud of our flag as i think it is was one the best looking in the world and one of the most instantly recognisable . 
  i would still want to keep the union jack even if a represented country ever left the union , just say the blue represents the sky or something , who cares ? 
  chucklevision . 
  do n't really care about anything trump does . 
  pax britannica is pretty interesting . 
  username checks out . 
  psh , like anyone would ever invade belgium . 
  sure . 
  still generic but okay . 
  `` what nationality are you ? '', 
  `` europe '' ... ... 
  yeah , that 's insane . 
  obviously, 
  i would make an effort to learn some irish so at least you are at a similar level to the average irishman . 
  but then again , cromwell did n't learn any irish and that guy was the king of cool so i 'm not too sure . 
  england , english , land of the angles , but what about the rest of the anglo-saxons ? 
  what country are you from ? 
  trying to create a scenario where the spanish ships had n't sunk is just pure speculation so it 's not worth thinking about . 
  england would . 
  too generic ? 
  and what pushed the spanish feet up the north sea and around scotland , hmm ? 
  do you think they went up there by choice ? 
  the invasion of england was over before the spanish even headed into the storms . 
  due to the english use of beacons a quick repose was mounted after the sighting of the spanish armada off cornwall . 
  the english denied the spanish to face them of the coast of plymouth and portland due to their distance from the larger spanish ships and english ship 's speed and evasiveness . 
  the english fleet then fended the spanish off and prevented them from sheltering in the solent ( isle of white ) where they were suppose to wait for reinforcements . 
  the english later cunningly used fire ships on the docked spanish armada in calais which broke the armada 's formation and panicked the spanish . 
  after , the english won a decisive victory in the following battle of gravelines and only then did the spanish decide to return to spain around scotland after their planned invasion had failed . 
  so , i would disagree that the english `` did n't do much '' as they clearly * did * have a large part in the failure of the spanish invasion . 
  well you just ruined the implicitness . 
  oh i bet you are ... 
  i thought it gave the border a nice overhang . 
  edit : aosta back with italy . 
  why should we shrink the sea ? 
  so i did . 
  most likely yes as a large majority of [ french speaking switzerland ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9f/map_languages_ch.png ) is sat on either a [ plateau or the alps ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f0/trois_r%c3%a9gions_suisses_1.png ) so crossing the border into the remaining switzerland would be more limited then before . 
  oh yes , the dutch !, 
  they 'll be good sports and unite with us !, 
  the irish hate us , europe is ... europe and the the channel islands seem to be doing quite well for themselves and i 'm not even sure if they count as their own country as they 're under own umbrella . 
  [ france ] ( http://i.imgur.com/9qyacc5.png ) looks quite nice with walloonia if it lets go of alsace-lorraine and annexes french speaking switzerland as it gives it a somewhat flat east border . 
  though ... it might cause ww3 so , worth ? 
  the long name was getting terribly silly . 
  does australia count ? 
  i mean they 're in eurovision and they 're proper decent lads so i 'd wan na go with them . 
  does new england count ? 
  spanish armada , battle of britain , battle of rorke 's drift ( zulu ) . 
   to combat sea-level rise , atlantropa ( the mediterranean dam ) must get built and how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  people who down-voted you because you said religion gaining power is a good thing are pretty intolerant . 
  any non-traditional names can sound a bit off . 
  yeah all the time for almost every punishment . 
  was born in 98 if that has any relevancy . 
  spare the rod and spoil the child and all that , though the cane would probably have been better . 
  a good thing because now the rest of the world speaks english which is pretty convenient . 
  thanks america !, 
  i do n't think the current argument is as black and white as you describe it . 
  i 'd hardly say it 's an american export when kingsmen was an entirely british production with british actors set in britain ... 
  ah well , stick it out would be my advise until you are of age to transverse the continent . 
  what a ridiculous argument . 
  you have free movement in your own country and also 27 other countries so why do you remain in sicily ? 
  also , yes i do like where i live . 
  oh you 're talking about the commonwealth which is irreverent to the fact that the queen is our head of state , it does n't matter that she is also the queen of australia or jamaica . 
  our `` countries '' of the uk are basically exaggerated administrative districts . 
  the uk is the only state and the sovereign nation . 
  many annoying americans have a fascination for monarchy and other forms of tradition so i would n't say that your hatred applies to most u.s citizens . 
  also hate is kinda a strong word . 
  too right , if were going to get booed then i 'd rather an actual english anthem get booed then gstq . 
   loyalty should be to the state but that `` figurehead '' is the head of the state so in a way you are giving your loyalty to the state . 
  still could be worse , could be american and be swearing devotion to a piece of cloth . 
  it 's actually unknown who composed the tune and specifically when ( early 17th century maybe ) so it 's kinda like a piece of * royalty * free anthem music . 
  well , the whole thing about a monarchy is that you ca n't decide who is the monarch so i do n't think you should support it depending on the ruling king/queen but that you support it or not support it with the understanding that you might get a shit monarch for 50 years and you might get a good monarch . 
  username checks out . 
  the world will change , not i !, 
  germany 's history is the most interesting to me with all the complicated mess of its journey to becoming a unified country and the massive changes that it 's seen in the last 300 years from conquering the east and partitioning poland to losing all of it 's east prussian territory and being partitioned itself . 
  that last bit was a joke so i 'm glad you took it seriously .
