   classical scottish vs british argument ... by definition , he would be both . 
  psh monaco 's is way better . 
  other then ours i would say the greek flag . 
  it ditches the tired trend of tri-colours and and other flag standards ( crosses , saltires , coat of arms ) and goes for stripes and a canton which is utterly unique in europe and makes you instantly picture greece , or at least a yogurt . 
  [ relevant ? ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/yupbolithjy?t=3 ), 
  wow , thanks for the insight . 
  we ( english specifically ) do n't have any traditional dress . 
  i suppose someone could create official traditional clothing because we certainly have the history , it 's just i doubt that anyone would actually wear it . 
  whatever dude . 
  well , i applaud your determination to learn another language despite being an anglo and all , but there are obviously languages that are more useful then others in the real world . 
  it 's your choice in the matter but if you do n't plan to move to norway ( or scandinavia for that matter ) then i could n't really see you getting much use out of the language . 
  without external influences all languages are equally useful and valid but you do have to take these influences into account . 
  you could learn another lesser known language like hungarian or serbo-croation and you would have the benefit of taking to people that you could n't speak to before , unlike norwegian which would just give you the ability to communicate with people in two ways . 
  sometimes it 's open and shut but most times the lines are blurred so it is n't worth it . 
  we do n't consider it american and i did n't really think there was a reason to think that . 
  people just think the kids are spoilt little brats . 
  most people just consider spanking your child regular parenting . 
  `` spare the rod , spoil the child '' and whatnot . 
  well i do n't think it 's as simple as all of the eu being * totally * against the death penalty as it 's one of man 's most difficult ethic debates and even in a modern society you will still get 60-40 on the discussion . 
  for me personally , i am not bothered by the act of putting someone to death for a horrendous crime but i am bothered by the fact the once the punishment is carried out there is no return or room for mistake . 
  if someone gets wrongly committed and executed then there is almost nothing that can be done to right that wrong and it throws the entire moral argument of the system away . 
  for me i 'd say it 's better to be safe then sorry when dealing with human life , even if the criminal committed an unspeakable crime . 
  saw a guy pissing in a bush in cornwall once and then the wind blew in the opposite direction and he got covered in it . 
  essentially a multi-ethnic state where people of different ethnicities retain their culture . 
  i am still unsure if these are as effective at providing a stable country as a mono-culture such as the us . 
  we joke about the high levels of american patriotism and the `` muh flag '' stuff , but the immigrants that the us gets become very proud of their american status and within a generation they are all wearing blue jeans and eating burgers . 
  an example of multiculturalism being london or really any city . 
  do n't insult me . 
  i 'm in my early 20s and i know what a damn hijab is . 
  your experiences is n't the law and if you do n't think these things can happen then you obviously do n't know england well enough . 
  no , i live in a medium sized town ( 50,000 ) in the west country and i have traveled but not to any major cities . 
  not all of the uk is like london you know ? 
  but oh , what do i know ? 
  do n't believe me then . 
  never seen one . 
  why ca n't americans ever be happy with just being american ? 
  you guys are the biggest exporter of culture in the world and yet there are actual people like this guy who would actually buy a kilt just because of some stupid genetic test like it actually means anything . 
  just buy a pair of blue jeans and own it i say . 
  no , that last post was just a joke . 
  you were correct in your understanding . 
  we do n't take it for granted , we speak it every day !, 
  what about canadians and and americans ? 
  they can simply walk across a border . 
  the point in it being ? 
  i do n't really care about knowing my exact dna percentages but it would probably just be a majority in x with some other european mixed in , just like everyone else on the damn continent . 
  yeah , i do n't think the eu or the refugees themselves would have a problem with them being taken to the richest country in the world . 
  you can do but most people i know would n't care if i had ambition to become a entrepreneur or just work in a shop . 
  i would say most people prioritise happiness to ambition . 
   what do you think about your country 's constitution ? 
  what is this ? 
   james corden who ? 
  oh , you mean that * mister greenlight * cunt . 
  my mistake . 
  do n't look at me i did n't make it . 
  [ croatia is too smooth at taking coast ] ( http://i.imgur.com/snh9m4u.png ), 
  best ? 
  - the fact that everyone is speaking english . 
  worst ? 
  - not being able to simply walk across borders has it 's disadvantages and inconveniences when planning holidays . 
  you never forget your first ... 
  well they were the first so yeah . 
  to be fair though most of his points are either subjective or have truth . 
   because i see no value in getting drunk that 's his opinion so fair enough . 
   it 's also addictive , and can be very expensive . 
  generally true and also technically correct . 
  booze is an addictive beverage and can be expensive . 
   because alcoholic beverages generally have that rancid aftertaste he subjectively does n't like the taste which you ca n't really fault . 
  i 'd leave him be . 
  does n't stop you going out on the weekends . 
  i never really drink and never got into the habit of it so , 0 alcohol consumption ? 
   scotland , wales , england and ireland all have their own national days except hardly anyone celebrates it and everyone bar the scottish do n't even get a day off to celebrate so they are hardly akin to other national days . 
  the patron saints days are currently as pointless as commonwealth day . 
  [ i think out of all of these countries , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/74/list_of_countries_gained_independance_from_the_uk_flag_version_3.svg ) i would say a good 30 celebrate independence from us as their national day but i have n't counted . 
  a jubilee celebration is n't the same as a coronation . 
  umm no , it was a joke . 
  obviously i do n't look forward to an event that happens once in a generation . 
   queens coronation . 
  oh great , i look forward to that every 70 years . 
  psh they do n't even come close to a national day . 
  there is almost no effort from the government to supp the nation celebrations and we do n't even get a day off !, 
  i do n't know if the best way for a national holiday would one big `` uk '' day or a ton of different celebrations for the countries of the uk but anything beats nothing . 
  we do n't have a national day either and i think we are the [ only 2 in the world ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/blankmap-world6_national_days.jpg ) . 
  kinda depressing when you consider that the 99 % of the world 's people celebrate a national day bar us . 
  feels bad . 
  we are the only country not to have a national day ( along with denmark ) so why would we celebrate yours ? 
   `` we do n't make cars anymore '' is not at all an accurate statement sure feels like one . 
  i 'm european not american so i would n't know as i do n't go there . 
  maybe you should try asking r/askanamerican as they might be able to answer the question . 
  in general i would say i have a quite a lot of respect for arab culture and the middle east 's important place in history . 
  i believe that currently some aspects of middle eastern culture are certainly holding it back from development and i would love to see if the middle east and rest of the arab world could once again become a centre of learning and stability to rival that of even europe . 
  politically i think the region is a disaster and needs a lot of improvement before it gets anywhere . 
  however i think the whole region could do very well economically if it sorted its shit out as it has territory with very fertile land , natural resources , likely tourist hot spots and an important trading position as the link between africa , europe and asia . 
   most swedes would not dream of saying volvo is n't swedish why though ? 
  most people i know do n't really consider these manufacturers to be british or `` ours '' anymore ( also they are the barrage of constant jokes ) as they are mostly headed hundreds of miles away and keep having big changes applied which does n't resonate with most people . 
  they stopped production of land rover defenders and have you even seen a modern mini these days ? 
  they 're huge !, 
  because anglophone monolinguals have the world lingua franca as their native language so they do n't have to learn another language just to succeed in the modern world . 
  i do n't think i need to explain to you the benefits and convenience of having almost everything today being conducted and available in your native language in contrast to a second language . 
  not that every non anglophone is jealous but it is plausible for a reason of bitterness .
