  nothing wrong with that though , i would n't expect an anime sub to be anti-anime but it 's silly to deny the way things are . 
  these people are tactical and sneaky . 
  they might get almost no up-votes for a few weeks , but post the right article in the right sub and boom !, 
  karma train for days . 
   fixed election dates are a new thing in the westminster system there was hardly any point in even installing them when they said `` no snap elections '' but gave themselves an opt out if they had a majority in the house which there will always be because politicians prefer rolling the dice to have a chance of getting new seats . 
   ` the other guy ' has n't just made the political cock-up of a lifetime by leading the country into a hung parliament after calling an election in which he expected to win by an massive , overwhelming majority . 
  so yes it is an echo chamber . 
  could have just led with that . 
  oh can we not go back to the political cartoons ? 
  it was getting to the point when it was one every day and it only benefited the op trying to score karma . 
  this guy has almost no good jokes and i find it very hard to even find him funny . 
  he has truly sold out to the american market . 
   it just means over-simplifying politics , infantilise its electorate with fake truth that 's just regular politics , populism is politics that is anti-establishment and against the supposed elite that are running everything . 
  just because bojo is controversial idiot who is very appealing to many common people , that does n't make him a populist . 
  if people used your definition of populism it would simply be a word to describe politics in general . 
  it may seem to you that british politics is currently going though a populist phase as the spotlight has certainly been on our country but trust me this election just gone has been no different from many other previous elections . 
  many people are just using the state of our politics to feed their narrative of `` wave of populism is taking over the word !, 
  '' , and it really is n't true . 
   nothing that was promised for the brexit will actually happens , nor the nhs money , nor the end of the migration . 
  seems too early to make statements like that . 
   your country actually needs migrants duh . 
  it was pretty well known that corbyn was quite anti-eu before the referendum but as he became the leader of the labour party he had to support the party manifesto however it was widely noted that he did n't participate much in the referendum and did n't do much to support the remain campaign . 
  nothing about the last year in british politics has been populism tbh . 
  the remain and leave politicians that were on the campaigns were all established carer politicians and insiders . 
  the eu debate went across party lines and across the population . 
   appeasement of the voters who had backed the hard-right uk independence party many of the previous ukip voters in 2015 were core labour voters and many have returned back home so i think this article sums up this group pretty poorly . 
  what has belfast got to do with irish people ? 
  we should all replace our flags with u.s style state flags with a e.u emblem on a blue bed sheet , that 's appealing . 
  in 5 years it will probably be back to it 's unfortunate 30 % . 
  today 's young do n't stay young forever . 
  just seems a bit like a green party move to celebrate losing but gaining a few seats . 
  they 're supposed to be opposition for god 's sake . 
   who else can claim the tories failing as their success no one , including labour . 
  i do n't see the tories failure as their success . 
  they only have a few more seats then when they lost in 2010 . 
  there should n't be debates in my opinion . 
  you 're voting for a party not a president and the a big flashy debate just is n't relevant to our system . 
  you can celebrate losing ? 
  christ knows . 
  of course not . 
  there is no such thing . 
  jezz ... you give some people a cm and they take km . 
  this is typical of the sun and the mirror . 
  not really anything new or special . 
  `` no , it was all a big joke '' yikes that was seriously cringe worthy when she tried to save it . 
  it 's getting to the point where i 'm not even shocked anymore . 
  guess i 'm just glad i do n't live in a major city . 
   they are black in their hearts how yuo find out secret ?? 
  vague, 
  why is this sub anti tory exactly ? 
  psh you 're clearly not `` woke '' like the rest of us , fight the injustice ? 
  in a few thousand years every language will be almost unrecognizable to how they are today . 
  nothing can stop the change . 
  if monolingualism is ever achieved it wo n't last for long as language will split and diverge all over again as it 's suppose to do . 
   i actually would love if we just switched to english in the entire country [ * laughs manically ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi_3v-fpkfg ), 
  worried about what ? 
  ireland is it 's own independent country and has been for decades so i do n't think they have to worry about us annexing them or something . 
  plus , they pretty much already have free movement and irish citizens are n't even recognized as foreign . 
  i do n't really think it compares to the ethnic overlap and problems in b+y at all . 
  i think the animosity we still definitely be there . 
  well , what else is there to do but mourn ? 
  besides counter terrorism and maybe trying to discourage citizens from becoming extremists there is noting within the world of reality that we can do . 
  britain is just west norway and is * their * rightful clay . 
   if it was an english bloke , he 'd show his front and make a wank motion , shouting `` england !, 
  it 's not our fault we 're so cultured . 
  the uk would never get to that point in the first place and amusing that the uk would ever become a sort of dictatorship is n't thinking to the future , it 's pointless speculation . 
   there have been no wars in europe since ... yet to declare war on another eu nation . 
  there was n't * ever * going to be any more wars in europe after ww2 and the eu or any other european institution had nothing to do with that . 
   your own government that wants to expand surveillance of its own people , cut spending on everything from police to the nhs , and thinks that ` no deal ' with one of the worlds largest trading blocs is a good idea ? 
  you must feel so safe . 
  please try and understand the difference between the polices of a political party you do n't like and genocide , slavery , torture , the right to free speech and right to life itself . 
  comparing the two is insanely moronic and i 'd feel safe in my country , whatever the major political party that was in power and without the supp of the un , us , eu or any safeguard that is in place . 
  eec , sure . 
  forget nato , forget that germany had been partitioned and all of cold war politics , forget that europe was dominated by the two spheres of two nuclear superpowers and that any major could have lead to the destruction of humanity , forget that an entire generation had seen war and that the public of europe would have refused another war . 
  the fact that europe has n't had a major war while the eec was set up is a meaningless correlation . 
  and the european convention on human rights means nothing to me as human rights in the uk are some of the best in the world and i do n't need a european court of law to protect my freedoms when i have my own government , the un and the us . 
  the fact that scotland could leave is not relevant to the point that most people in the uk are unified by a british identify . 
  not everyone in scotland wants to leave or is a nationalist so at best there are 2 million scots that do n't identify as british . 
  the eu takes credit for the human rights and progress of europe just because of its existence . 
  the human rights of western europe would be fine if the eu did n't come into existence and the eu is n't responsible for the lack of a ww3 on the continent either . 
  as i 've said in my original post `` we are mostly unified in the idea that we are all british '' , the `` mostly '' gave leeway for the acknowledgement of people that are not unified in the british identify and as scotland alone only makes up 5 million of the 65 million population of the uk , it is a minority . 
   the snp would disagree . 
  i said mostly , do n't be pedantic . 
   close allies and trading partners i wanted to remain but there is a massive difference between being trading partners , economic benefits , mutual defense etc and all this sentimental hogwash about the eu being about love , unity , european identify , anti nationalism , happiness . 
  i can see the mutual benefits of free trade and movements , but do n't shove some bs down my throat to try and make me feel kinship to hundreds of millions of people that i do n't know and ca n't even understand across an entire continent . 
  how can anyone from france , germany or italy feel italian , french or german as they were made of independent states that joined together to form a country ? 
  we are mostly unified in the idea that we are all british as we all share a island and geography , we have been unified for over 300 years and we all share a common language these days and a common culture . 
  trying to push for a `` european identity '' is pushing it in my opinion as the majority of europe is so different from each other in almost every way that the only thing we really share is that we are all living on a peninsula at the end of the eurasian continent . 
  i think the `` european identify '' that has sprung up recently to defend the eu , is no more than white nationalism in disguise . 
  i guess if the dream of the eu becoming a single state ever happens , people will have to stop waving their nationalist europe flags . 
  this 1 square foot patch of grass that i have been sitting in for 16 months is my home , not an entire village . 
  my individual country is my home , not an entire continent . 
  it 's is nationalism , just on the scale of a continent . 
  is there no correlation that if you 're living in st albans and have a degree and a comfortable wage , you are going to have a much different life experience and perspective regardless of education then someone who is working class ? 
  nothing really , just saying `` conquered by french '' hurts my soul . 
  normans were nordics who just spoke french . 
  if it ai n't broke, 
  speak for yourself i like jerrys and frogs . 
  b-bu-bu-but were surrounded by water ... 
  i 'll give you that .
