  we probably would migrate more around europe like the rest of you if we were n't an island and could just drive to northern france in an hour at a leisurely pace . 
  probably be less eurosceptic too , but we 'd probably be speaking french as we would have been conquered centuries ago . 
  obviously meaning to use the schengen area to move , settle and live once inside europe smart-arse . 
  not much point in us even being in the schengen area what with all the water and everything . 
  but european nationalism would still reinforce ideas of rejection of outside influence and exceptionalism but on the scale of a continent . 
  then maybe one day we could all be sighing up to fight for europe in horrific bloody war for pointless reasons due to nationalism . 
  the problems of nationalism do n't just go away because you 've united a continent in the process so its pretty hypocritical to shame national-nationalism but not european nationalism . 
  debatably nationalism on a larger scale . 
  without nationalism most countries in europe as we know them today would not exist , including roi . 
  sounds nice . 
  why does the rest of you euros love the free movement so much ? 
  i mean it 's nice that it 's there i guess , but iv ' e literately never met another british person who has actually used the schengen area to live or travel but apparently every one here does ? 
  they 're the 3rd biggest country in europe surprising as they do n't actually look very big . 
  they also have maidens ripe for burning , apparently ... 
  4th reich jokes will never die , like 4th reich !, 
  no , we 're the 51st state . 
  canada is the 52nd !, 
  mmm wait till middle age and we 'll be cursing for things to go back to the simpler times of 2017 !, 
  well the average briton is n't a alt-right 20-30 year old that hangs around / r/t _ d, 
  those comics and cgp grey videos , hooray !, 
  well i am so . 
  very small minority , so much so that iv ' e never heard of one . 
  please stop sharing the video of that bloke saying `` we got to stop the muslims '' iv ' e seen it * so * many times since june . 
  other examples include : + nigel farage on the good morning show + itv interview of people saying they regret voting brexit + clip of women saying she voted brexit for a banana . 
  everyone in britain has seen these clips to death . 
  yeah not really anyone in britain wanted the eu to die or for other eu countries to leave . 
  the referendum was and * our * fate so most people did n't care about the state of the eu after . 
  every country is nationalist to a certain extent and most european countries would n't exist without it . 
  your just throwing the world around meaninglessly . 
  `` meaning '' is irreverent . 
  using incorrect terms spreads ignorance . 
  use them correctly thank you . 
   so who gives a shit about what such a meaningless `` eu is n't europe '' term/group of countries thinks ? 
  i do because it 's the correct way of differentiating a political union and a continent ( which are a bit different if you did n't know already ) . 
  i do n't care if you think europe does n't have meaning or whatever you feel , just refer to these two different entities in the correct form please . 
   is your whole point `` op should have said - tonight 's result is a victory for eu '' ? 
  yes , that has been my entire point all the way through obviously as iv ' e said it , like , 3 times . 
   my whole point in this chain is : europe without the eu has no great meaning . 
  it 's just a big piece of land , same as every other big piece of land in the world europe ** is ** just a piece of land with no meaning , even with the eu as it 's a geographical term . 
  is that a threat ? 
  no , i one of those people who respect official names and set definitions of political entities and natural geography instead of claiming that the distinction between the two are false in direct conflict of experts and scholars . 
  politics and your opinions on countries that you deem irreverent do not matter and you should learn to keep your feelings from debating known political and geographical terminology as you come off as an anti-intellectual . 
  obviously we do n't partially have a common identify if we are left to our own devises because we are all separated states and the eu creates a link where there was none before . 
  you keep going on about your opinions on the eu and about your experiences and your identity which do not matter or equate in a simple use of two different names for a political union and continent . 
  why you use politics and your personal feelings to reject the idea of two clearly set english language definitions is beyond me . 
  eu - political union europe - continent, 
  so the eu * is * europe because non eu counties are n't useful to you ? 
  europe is just a continent , i do n't understand what you 're getting at ? 
  also you mentioned brexit to find out if i 'm anti eu but not anti europe ( whatever anti europe means ) ? 
  they might want that lebensraum though ... 
  what are you talking about brexit for ? 
  even if 70 % of russia is in asia it 's ignore to say the eu is europe when there is still 14 sovereign states that are not in it . 
   can you tell i do n't have much respect for britain ? 
  calm down . 
  it 's a victory for the eu but not europe as there is a difference because more than 60 % of europe is not in the eu . 
  well strictly economically , having lots of highly educated migrants ( that the uk has n't payed a penny to educate ) work and live in your country means more money , means more gdp mean britain stronk . 
  ( unskilled migrants can damage wages and cause problems for a lot of people ) . 
  social , cultre , population density , housing and other aspects are a different argument, 
  good for us and the easterners who come over but bad for their countries and the ones that stayed . 
  a written constitution ?!, 
  how preposterous !, 
  because germany was going to go full revanchism when they unified to get back alsace lorraine despite the fact that they renounced claims of all previous land and excepted the modern day borders . 
  sure . 
  and come on , austria and hungary are n't going to cause ww3 . 
  i support the eu but come on , the whole `` eu is preventing ww3 '' is pretty far fetched . 
  do you really think if the treaty of rome was never signed europe would be massacring each other ? 
  eu is a political union that benefits everyone economically and on a world stage but it is not the only thing between us and a genocide . 
  damn right . 
  `` may he sedition hush , and like a torrent rush , rebellious scots to crush '', 
  a lot of european countries do n't have monarchies because they are relatively recent counties that got their independence : finland , estonia , latvia , lithuania , ukraine , belarus , czechia , slovakia , slovenia , b+h , serbia , croatia , montenegro , fyrm , moldova , iceland , poland . 
  it 's not that were outdated , just that everybody else is new or had some historic event which abolished their monarchy . 
  having a elected president as a head of state would be pointless for most constitutional monarchies . 
  get rid of our 1000 years old constitution and traditions for a guy in a suit with no power , na i 'd rather keep the pageantry . 
  `` liberty '' `` equality '' booorrrrrrring . 
  rip sussex, 
  i 've been celebrating st georges day all my life and i 'm not a football hooligan or a racist . 
  i do n't think cities like london are a very good example to compare the rest of england to . 
  i think this guy is just a raging anglophobe . 
  i thought it was pretty iconic by this point as you see it postcards everywhere . 
  i thought canada was the great white north ? 
  i was always brought up on stories of the beast of bodmin whenever i went camping . 
  supposedly there was ( is ? ), 
  a large black panther roaming the countryside of the cornwall and killing unsuspecting campers , walkers and village people . 
  go for it . 
  do n't know , do n't care . 
  granted , it was always easier that way . 
  well saying that , you would be looked at pretty weirdly if you were using american spellings in your writing here . 
  i 'd be more impressed by the fact that someone could actually pick up alternative spellings after at least a decade of schooling in british english though . 
  it 's fine i guess , but it always feels like the post is simply a way to finish an argument then an actual interesting question . 
  1 + do n't post to links that you 're involved in god damn it . 
  2 + english is a pluricentric language so there are many different standard versions , including your own obviously . 
  did you really need to post here to find that out ? 
  b-b-but that 's cheating . 
  but you were saying that you do n't watch many shows with british accents , not that you do n't watch many shows that are produced by british production companies . 
  scotland has most of the untouched nature in the uk so it 's always pretty to look at . 
  also , i really like irn-bru and hangovers would be a bitch without it . 
  scottish people are usually quite funny and the uk would look pretty dumb without them . 
  wales is also quite pretty and it has snowdonia , which is probably the most popular mountain in britain . 
  welsh people are thought of as simply being very nice people and kinda being the canada of the uk as they are liked by the other nations . 
  they also have very nice sounding accents .
