  seems pretty stereotype ridden to me . 
  chavs are the new cockney and i do n't know why every elitist seems intent on hating the working class . 
  also , you consider the nhs part of our culture ? 
  it 's handy ill give ya that . 
  i love dropping the swear words in every sentence . 
  reminds people where they are . 
  plus its very good at shattering the gentleman stereotype that foreigners have when they arrive . 
  are you threatening me , master jedi ? 
  is race just skin colour while ethnicity is like english , polish , scottish , whatever ? 
  i 've never been outside the uk . 
  once went to wales though , it 's the same but with different signs . 
  thank you for complementing my writing style as eloquent . 
  i put a lot of effort in and it means a lot . 
  american as -------------- !, 
  apple pie . 
  not in the sense that you make it bad but that it now is a symbol of americanism despite the fact that it 's english , but you got ta love some good old fashioned irony !, 
  shhh we do n't talk about them ... 
  everyone here except danes and brits will say yes because we are the only 2 counties that do n't have one . 
  depends where you live . 
  good for you i guess ? 
  [ also that is literally the extent of my knowledge of spanish ] ( https://youtu.be/e7mpclspyhk?t=19 ), 
  fun story , made me lol . 
  never really understood why some british people decide `` britain with good weather '' and choose spain over australia because at least over there you have ( some ) mutual intelligibility . 
  those guys are pretty much disrespectful cunts that feel like they are entitled to everything . 
  then again , it is a lot harder to learn a language when you 're in your 40s then being taught one from an early age . 
  i 've never met anybody from a different country . 
  we do n't really do flags though so do n't be surprised . 
  what ? 
  i do think that you should learn the native language when you move somewhere . 
  i agree with you , but you make it sound like the person having to speak english to communicate to another is a victim . 
  why would ' t you mind speaking a language that you took time to learn ? 
  that is the whole point in learning a language , right ? 
  also , you clearly have something against some british expats which does n't reflect most british people because we live in britain not spain . 
  `` estimated percentages of the top 10 million websites using various content languages as of 4 march 2017 '' are you being pedantic ? 
  more content pretty much does mean that other language communities of the internet lack behind english . 
  i did put in my original post `` you need it to use the internet '' which was a massive oversimplification and i regret putting it because of course you can use the internet in your native language . 
  i should have put `` you need it to access the vastly larger english side of the internet '' . 
  also , you have to keep plebeians in line somehow . 
  lol did you read my edit ? 
  it is an estimation which takes the results of the most popular 10 million websites because measuring all content is pretty hard due to there being billions of gbs of data on the internet . 
  if you can think of another way to measure it , go ahead . 
  there is a significant amount of more content on the internet in english then in any other language . 
  over 50 % . 
  you ca n't argue that . 
  the data from the source is from the top 10 million most popular websites which includes non english websites like your spanish reddit . 
  ( also their have been many discussions on this post about learning the language of the country you move to and the usefulness of it and yada yada yada ), 
  [ source was just wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_used_on_the_internet ) the numbers speak for themselves . 
  you can get popular websites and social media in any language , no disputing that . 
  but english is the language of the internet and i ca n't understand how you can argue otherwise . 
  that statistics show that over 50 % of content on the internet is produced in english , including : articles , videos , games and most forums ( e.g this one ) . 
  there is waay more to the internet then the facebook and twitter and if you could n't speak english you would n't even be talking to me on this sub . 
  [ yay ] ( http://dailybruin.com/img/two-cents-political-commentary.jpeg ), 
  [ english makes up over 50 % of the internet ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ae/websitecontentlanguages.svg/447px-websitecontentlanguages.svg.png ) the rest of your answer has already been discussed . 
  yes that 's my point . 
  obviously if you move to a different country you should learn the language to get around , learn the culture , settle etc. 
  i just get sick of seeing articles that imply that brits are arrogant of stupid due to our very low levels of language learning . 
  it 's not that we do n't want to it 's that 's we just do n't have to . 
  had france beat us in the language war then we would be speaking french just like everybody else . 
  if czech was the lingua franca , would you learn another language ? 
  probably not . 
  this is very true . 
  all the reasons you listed are only important if you do live in a foreign country . 
  at home , being fluent in french is completely useless as their is no french media , people or culture . 
  we also do n't really emigrate and when we do we live in our own little bubbles . 
  i 've came to my own conclusion , yes , but i wanted to see your opinions . 
  again , learning danish would n't be essential because you just would n't be able to take in the culture = expand the mind . 
  english is germanic right ? 
  besides mcdonald 's , not really . 
  ironically apple pie is english , fries are either french or from belgium and burgers are german . 
  jam is pretty standard round here . 
  cultural mindset does n't stem from the fact that we speak the same language . 
  the english , welsh , scottish and irish have way more in common with the rest of europe then our cousins across the atlantic . 
  visiting europe feels familiar to us while the us feels alien and different . 
  to me the us is n't anglo-saxon in anyway . 
  not genetically , not ethnically and certainly not culturally . 
  us population - 318 million british american population : 40 million maybe in 1776 . 
  i can understand that the anglo-sphere culture is predominantly or basically is based on british ( or more specifically english ) culture because of the whole language , government , values stuff they adopted . 
  but referring to these country 's influence as `` anglo-saxon '' is ridiculous as all of them have now independent identities , cultures and their population make up is n't mostly anglo-saxon . 
  we have a similar english-speaking culture at some level , sure , but were pretty different ; thank god . 
  england is n't even anglo-saxon anymore because it only make up 30 % of dna in native white british people . 
  we are a mix like most of europe : celtic,anglo-saxon , norman etc. 
  there are common british english speakers throughout the country however most have regional twangs and pronunciations that stops them from being rp . 
  received pronunciation , american 's call it the `` british accent '', 
  that is so bizarre as america is the least anglo-saxon country i can think of . 
  their whole thing is not being britain . 
  he does speak rp . 
  but that does not reflect the rest of the country in anyway . 
  the rp accent has only been around for about 150 years and in its beginning it was taught in schools and it did not develop naturally . 
  so in a way it 's an artificial dialect . 
  go with american or english speaking world / anglo sphere . 
  most white americans are not descended from britain . 
  we are anglo saxons not them . 
  no one speaks that like that except for a few in some parts of london . 
  it 's only standard british english because everyone can understand it . 
  never seen anyone happy to accept their stereotype , good on ya . 
  you all wear clogs , live in windmills and the women are blonde and have their hair in pig tails . 
  you also all ride old looking bikes around amsterdam and like the colour orange ? 
  apparently everyone speaks english so it 's pointless to learn dutch which is a shame because dutch is the most similar language to english in europe . 
  those are a few that comes to mind when i think of the dutch besides the weed . 
  i do n't think you understand the bbc .
