  boys = muhammad girls = olivia, 
  english blah so dull . 
  true freedom !, 
  ** hums land of hope and glory * . 
  open a holiday book . 
  kinda goes against the whole idea of freedom if we ban an entire religion do n't you think ? 
  teetotaler so never . 
  no , get them to ask the ask the germans . 
  they 're all quids in . 
  hannover is rightful british clay . 
  give it back . 
  rp , which is generally spoken in some toff places of london and the south east but it 'd better than a scouser . 
  our country - good country . 
  me happy me from good country . 
  . countries are just somewhere you 're born . you cant be proud of someone else accomplishments . borders do n't exist , they 're arbitrary . `` pride '' ? 
  - everyone, 
  you have never understood the concept ? 
  ... really ? 
  ca n't for the life of ya figure it out ? 
  not at all ? 
  no comprehension in any way absolutely ? 
  we run around poles and have picnics and elect a queen . 
  compared to every other continent i 'd say so . 
  but then again , at least 40 % of europe is russia and they do n't cooperate much but if you just include everyone else were pretty cozy . 
  these language questions always bum me out . 
  anyone interested in what `` middle east '' is in my language ??? 
  ... . * sobs *, 
  * would off, 
  the best kind of spanish conquistador . 
  `` we have dark/witty/sarcastic / ironic/silly humour that not many people get ! '', 
  - everyone, 
  [ its great banter , it really is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbwudhiv9b0 ), 
  that 's close enough for me . 
  france . 
  another channel tunnel , but to the south west of england . 
  would make the whole thing way easier ( for me ) . 
  a lot of europeans feel kinship and connected to their fellow continentals for some reason . 
  according to r/unitedkingdom , r/ukpolitics is an alt right hell hole according to r/ukpolitics , r/unitedkingdom is a left leaning uncompromising circle jerk . 
  i 've always wondered , why not just combine the two ? 
  this would vastly balance out the order of things and force people to talk to people of opposite beliefs to them . 
  r/unitedkingdom is basically a politics sub now with every post being about may or brexit so if they did combine it would n't be much of a change at all . 
  well the netherlands kinda * is * connected to the rest of europe but i agree with other guy . 
  the eu has n't really ever had an effect on me or anyone i know in any visible way . 
  no roads , no people , no `` european unity '' and not many people from the uk emigrate , study and live in europe compared to continentals , it 's nice to know you could but no one ever does . 
  to me the eu is just another organisation that means nothing but to others its essentially their country and they feel it 's their right to live there . 
  i would n't see it as my right to be granted access to european countries and if i was banned from all european nations for life it would n't be much of a loss tbh . 
  maybe it 's nice where you are . 
  god damn okies , taking our jobs !, 
  if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear ... ... ( \u0361\u0361 \u00b0 \u035c \u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the lady 's not for turning ... oh wait , wrong pm ? 
  i thought we were the blue , red and white ? 
  shit hole ? 
  seriously though i think during the empire days the uk was called the homeland or the mother country by its subjects but its not really known by either nowadays . 
  that 's just americans because they saved our butts and europe and the world and capitalism and freedom and/or are the reason were not speaking german or russian or chinese . 
  our heroes < 3 xxxxxxx . 
  so true . 
  to want to make friends here you need to talk about how much money you earn ( because we love to know ) and also your religious and political views !, 
  it 's a snap !, 
  hear hear , to god or something !, 
  if it 's got to the point where the people of france now speak english and there is no point to learning french that must mean * everyone * else in the world can speak english too and now there is no point to learning * any * language . 
  wait a minute , ( checks window ) has hell frozen over ? 
  too right . 
  when i see american media with people saying shit like ; `` fuck white people man , they have no culture and/or are gay '' i 'm like hey !, 
  white * americans * . 
  john smith and jane smith are used to name the common everyman . 
  sometimes i despise being on an island with all the deadly water and everything . 
  i would love to simply drive for an hour and end up in a different country instead of having to piss around with boats or stupid fucking underwater trains . 
  its funny , if someone called me or my family `` white people '' i would be a bit insulted because i feel that europeans have a lot more going on then simply being `` white '' and that its best left reserved for white americans , who are the ones that have stereotypes of not being able to dance , being dorky and `` stealing '' from other cultures . 
  you sound like a pretty weird person from reading that . 
  edit : you , you , you, 
  fack off cant, 
  our counties are more then simple administrative divisions and do n't try to deny it . 
  do you think scotland would even wa n't independence if it was a simple administrative division like tyne and wear ? 
  why do wales , scotland and ni even have devolution in the first place ? 
  english does have a special place in england for oblivious reasons and and it should be celebrated throughout england . 
  also , who said english should be celebrated as an ethnicity ? 
  i do n't have a passport for being english and neither do the scottish for being scottish , you just are . 
  i know plenty of foreign born people who are english and would end up lumping you one if you called them otherwise . 
  having a `` uk day '' would be meaningless and it would be hard to celebrate when the uk is a state that emphasizes and maintains the differences between the four nations unlike france where every one is french and there is only one recognized country . 
  then what is the point in even having a country of counties , our ethnicity , our language and our history ? 
  why not just get rid of constituent countries , just call the whole country `` britian '' where we speak british and are all british . 
  so if i 'm english and a christian i ca n't celebrate st georges day as a national holiday because you are n't and some people are racist ? 
  that 's fair . 
  i ca n't be english anymore , just british . 
  i think that is pretty exclusionary and i 'm getting pretty sick of having no national day when every other country in the world ( bar denmark ) has one . 
  love new zealand !, 
  the other 1/4 of the world that was our colonies is meh . 
  we are probably nicer then you . 
  you seem like a bit of a prick . 
  because a very large amount of the migrants coming into europe are from north africa and west asian counties that are simply trying to escape poverty/lack of jobs . 
  also many of the actual refugees from syria that are coming into europe are coming from countries they have already emigrated to like turkey where they are not at immediate risk but they wa n't to live in rich weston european countries . 
  at that point they become simple economic migrants . 
  when he said skeletal structure i just thought of that scene from django . 
  we have a lot of civil war stuff down south . 
  my granddad hated germans and thought the country should have been wiped of the face of the map after 45 . 
  everyone else i know peaks at just saying `` bloody germans '' . 
  bring back the ottomans ? 
  they seemed to have everything down for 500 years . 
  i 'm sure that ukip will probably still get millions of votes in 2020 because of the leave from europe being so fresh , but past that they will probably fade into irreverence . 
  do n't really think there are any others that really have a chance .
