  why not go to canada or somewhere not so difficult to get into ? 
  maybe he 's got a good memory . 
  maybe * you * should stop asking weird questions about sneaking into europe and getting illegal wives ya creep . 
  lol just checked and he posted the same thing on r/travel !, 
  one guy in particular said `` i 'm sure everyone on reddit would just love to help you figure out a way to live and work in europe illegally !, 
  this whole post is circlejerky , mr `` how do i run away to europe forever with no chance of return '' . 
  try and commit murder and they might lock you up in a european prison if you 're lucky . 
   only dumb pepe-meme-making americans would call us that wah ? 
  but frog is our word for frenchies !, 
  they 're appropriating our words !, 
   no national animal in the same way for northern ireland/the historic kingdom of ireland psh they have harps they 're be fine . 
  do n't know if it counts but typical irish folk is actually native and pretty common across the whole of the british isles and jigging had it 's origins in england . 
  the irish can have it though because we have the stereotype of being morally ambiguous throughout history , which is way better . 
   surrender monkey this is not of british design . 
  it 's no different from the banner and logo for pc . 
  the europe flag is more associated with the eu these days but it does predate it and there are n't many better alternatives for representing europe except just having a map of the continent . 
  really ? 
  * checks wikipedia you bastards !, 
  england , ireland and scotland were kingdoms but not wales because it was part of the kingdom of england . 
  neither is wales . 
  before gb joined with ireland in 1800 we were just the kingdom of great britain , no united . 
  so i guess if northern ireland ever leaves we might go back to being just being gb because gb is just one kingdom . 
  sa80 the earlier versions were apparently terrible but i think they have been improved in the more recent models . 
  for spain , they 're the one that got away ... 
  tea, 
  what are you ?!, 
   i ca n't think of much we have to be proud of in our history think again ? 
  cause were different . 
  it 's `` united in diversity '' not `` united under an ideology/guiding principle of the union '' ... 
  dunno its normally a local child that gets dressed in white but sometimes we do n't have dresses or whatever so a crown is just used . 
  it probably symbolises spring , youth purity , rebirth etc. 
  oh certainly , but like i said it is n't at the snap of a finger . 
  we do mayday which is where we dance around poles and elect a queen but it 's the only one that comes to mind . 
  the names of 4 days of the week come from anglo-saxon paganism if that counts . 
  meh unilever is still part british so brovril feels closer to home . 
  the scenario was `` if aliens took control '' . 
  not anything based in reality . 
  cadbury ... * sobs, 
  leaving a verified commonwealth realm for a monarch-less state is treason to the crown and you shall be punished for your mutiny . 
  if theresa may suddenly refused brexit there would probably be a huge political crisis and who knows what would happened next ? 
  but saying we suddenly were n't leaving the eu in this make belief world , there probably would n't be any penalty or punishment as we would have never left and most of the eu would be happy to go back to the status quo after a small hiccup in the relationship . 
  was n't the majority of belgium luxembourg french speaking though ? 
  i thought the whole point of luxembourg was that is was originally just territory surrounding this little fortress ? 
  i think luxembourg was too overgrown at this point and that the partitions were doing you a favor by simply , trimming the hedge ... 
  they can totally move back if they want to and go around spouting stuff about `` heritage '' and whatever . 
  however they better learn quick that europe is n't all about culture and beautiful architecture and that it 's still the modern world with the modern struggles and problems , not some mythical utopia that they derived from . 
  also i 'd be pretty weirded out if they start calling themselves english or british all of a sudden . 
  a black man who 's family only came to britain in the 70s is english or british , but you are not automatically british just because your ancestors came from here 400 years ago . 
  your kids would be , but a yank is a yank . 
   crusade the holy lands . . * eye twitches, 
  of course there is . 
  most people have * some * pride in our country ( though its not very british to display it ) and there are millions upon millions of people in this country which would identify as nationalists . 
  nationalism is n't dead yet , not by a long shot . 
  the bbc has always been worth the tax for me so id say its better then whatever tosh the yanks have . 
  eh brexit was n't really the result of the ukip party though , but a lot of euros have the impression it was because farage is always in the news and is probably the most famous eurosceptic . 
  they opened up the discussion of our place in the eu a view years back in the european elections , granted , but if it had been ukip running the leave campaign , brexit would have never happened as they would have been too far right for the majority of the 17 million leave voters . 
  you seem quite tame compared to the rest of this sub who are out for blood . 
  about half a breast duct full ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   the us would n't allow this come on fellow euro do n't be so defeatist !, 
  not saying we should ever have or will need nukes , but if the whole eu really wanted nukes there would n't be much the world could do to stop us . 
  it was a joke , not a serious suggestion . 
  status quo as in , keep the existing deal that the uk has with the eu ? 
  i 'm taking this from a guy who 's username is irish flukey and posts in r/catholicism ? 
  no offense , but you might be a tad bit biased . 
  how much longer have i got to live ? 
  come on stop trying to dress it up , the pubs/drinking culture of the british isles is so extremely similar you would n't even be able to tell the difference if the pubs were empty . 
  the only people i can think of that would be truly awestruck by a pub in ireland would be yanks as they spend their time drinking in pretend ones for some reason . 
  god no . 
  for the countries of europe to become mere states and give up their sovereignty completely would be an insult . 
  there is a difference between a system like the eu and literally giving up everything to become one state . 
  i do n't know , it 's pretty unique . 
  no , not at all . 
  every ( established ) country in the world has a past with bad things which i did n't do and mostly everyone who did anything is long dead so why would i be upset ? 
  if someone randomly said the british settler 's treatment of the aborigines was terrible id agree with them obviously because i can understand that cutting off peoples heads and making their spouses wear them is not that good . 
  it * does * annoy me when people assume i will be very defensive of my country 's actions and that i will not believe that my country , that has existed for literally 1000s of years has never done * anything * wrong . 
  it also annoys me when people use and share bad history from shitty web articles and videos which try and `` expose '' bad stuff we did that we supposedly `` got away with '' because they do n't know their history e.g : `` british invented concentration camps '' or `` 5 bad things you did n't know the british empire did '' ( it was an ** empire ** !, 
  of course it did bad stuff ) . 
  i did n't even know there was a difference . 
  i quite like our system as its only rifles and shotguns that are particularly legal but i would be even stricter on ownership by outright banning firearms for any other reason then actually needing it ; like being a farmer . 
  hunting , pigeon shooting or simply owning a gun range would n't be a good enough excuse to own firearms . 
  this is such a ridiculous post . 
  the russians ca n't `` hack '' an election from pieces of paper being transported to a truck and then being counted out . 
  there are a lot of factors and reasons for the supp for the conservative party that you 'd know if you 'd been paying any kind of attention to current politics and the tories are ( traditionally ) centre right , not right . 
  no , we are metric too . 
  our use of imperial is also customary . 
  yeah i heard that , but there 's no shame in using imperial if that 's what you and everyone in the country use . 
  scousers are a bunch of thieves and i was always told to never trust them . 
  because we have mustard , marmite and branston , all else is irreverent . 
  jerusalem is about england so it cant really represent the whole of britain . 
   i do love europe ( although the uk less so ) * clears throat ** fuk u 2 then ya fokin cant get the fok of my fokin island ya fokin mingy fokin bastard . 
  me love country . 
   i love our history , our language , our culture ... i 'll never put the needs of a german in front of that of a person of another country ** warning warning , german nationalism on the rise . 
  reinstate maginot line . 
  the freedom , unity , lov . . oh who am i kidding ? 
  people of europe , what time does tesco close ? 
  what 's that in imperial ? 
  nope , never met anyone from the continent . 
  do n't think so . 
  that , plus you 've have n't been part of european politics for even a hundred years while france has been a big player for a long time . 
  hull ?
