i have seen you on multiple times on previous posts bashing folk music from the british isles , `` it 's impossible to be unduly negative about the traditions of english music , because english folk music ( and indeed that from the rest of the british isles ) is unremittingly horrible . 
  where central and eastern europe 's violin players weave beautiful tuneful melodies , for those in the british isles ( especially those in the celtic fringes ) it 's all twiddly-diddly and no real melody . 
  where people in places like south america have lovely-sounding instruments like harps or pipes , here it seems the height of folk tradition is the revolting screech of the hurdy-gurdy . 
  listen to singers from the folk traditions of most of the world and you 'll hear attractive voices singing beautiful melodies . 
  in britain all you get is some toothless crone with a finger stuck in his/her ear singing out of tune , or worse still a group of them whose idea of harmony is to pick the notes that are as discordant as possible between them . 
  some traditions really do deserve to die . 
  and british folk music should go the way of wife-beating and sending little boys up chimneys . '', 
  `` welcome to the real world where what one person loves , other people detest . 
  though of all my music-loving friends i can only think of one person who does n't detest folk music . 
  and as he 's a presenter on bbc local radio , he has to pretend everything 's wonderful even when it 's a ghastly noise . 
  '' # what the hell is your problem ? 
  you 're everywhere !, 
  get the stick our of your ass please !, 
  you should n't assume he is and british people should n't have to say `` i did not vote brexit or ukip '' before every post for you to take them seriously . 
  i learn so much on this sub !, 
  yeah not a very good job . 
  i 'd only give 3/10 . 
  i 've heard it was created as a border state by germany to keep away from russia . 
  * 800 years of oppression ... * `` never been a force for good '' is a bit debatable to say the least . 
  move on from the idea of hating a nation based on the actions of the dead . 
  the rest of europe has . 
  down voting something instantly because you do n't agree with it is petty and leads to no good discussions because subs just become echo chambers where people just circle jerk all day . 
  this is n't a one sided political thread but a thread for all peoples of europe , whatever their opinions . 
  so stop being so single-minded this is n't yours or anyone else 's `` safe zone '' . 
  [ i would n't come here then . ], 
  ( http://www.britishnotes.co.uk/news_and_info/make_money/b414_reverse__.jpg ), 
   honestly only threw that malvinas line in to attract our resident brexiteer gobshites , and sure enough , here one comes , hook line and sinker oh truly well played . 
  you sure showed those supposed brexiteers ( because remainers want to hand of the fawklans ? ), 
  the business and made complete fools out of them . 
  so * this * is the great irish * craic * that i 've heard so much about ? 
  * crickets *, 
  people down-voted this ? 
  it 's the best expression !, 
   love the '' between the title sir . 
  a bit like : if you think sir can be applied to this pile of ...  it reminds me of brexit tories ? 
  that was pretty random and unrelated, 
  since when were there any countries that get xenophobic attacks on this sub ? 
  pretty sure most people here are against that kinda stuff . 
  i do n't run the sub but i 'm pretty sure this whole thing is a joke , hence why it was done on the 4th of july and not any other day as it was set up in response to the american independence day . 
   oh no , he does n't agree with my brexit opinion , he hates me so much whose `` me '' and i 'm not too sure many british people had anything to do with activity for any serious reasons . 
  i really think you guys are reading too much into this . 
  it 's not just my problem it 's anyone 's problem that does n't specifically speak italian like you do or someone who does n't speak german or french . 
  yes , language learning is better in europe but europeans do n't know every single language . 
  you say you know 3 languages ? 
  impressive . 
  that only leaves near to 20 official widely used european languages to learn . 
  like it or not , english is useful for cross communication because everyone learns english but not everyone learns italian or spanish or greek or danish or dutch or french , et cetera . 
  when that sounds nice and all but it just is n't practical for a growing sub to have half of the content to be multiple different languages . 
  [ all stand for the glorious british anthem ! ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlhmxfgqhis ), 
   just saying that it is hard for me to appreciate a country where spanish kids are being insulted at their school just for being foreigners do n't bananas famously get thrown at black football players by spanish people ? 
  could n't i be an ass and use that to generalise spain by asking `` how can i appreciate spain when some spanish people do x and y '' ? 
  true , but a large majority of europe speaks english ( including you and i ) so would n't it make more sense to keep everything in english so the most people can understand and engage ? 
  well they did n't just chose the english language by random you know ? 
  it is the lingua franca so you can hardly blame them for prioritizing english posts . 
  i 'm getting the feeling that you 're not too fond of us . 
  look on the bright side , the americans have union flags today which is a pretty good gag . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  psh orange marches ? 
  does a bunch of old religious farts in a march in a few british cities really count as ethnic tensions ? 
  the way you word it sounds like the uk is about to break into a civil war . 
  why is this news ? 
  they are just being practical . 
  not seeing the problem . 
  wait , people are still coming in 2017 almost 2 years after this shit kicked off ? 
  why have n't they done this already ? 
  i know a lot of the people in africa are in danger or poverty but it has almost always been that way and if we accept migrants for those reasons then we would literally have to take in everyone one from the whole of africa and the majority of of asia . 
   however , when english has already come to displace a once prevalent local language , as is the case with gaelic , then it becomes more apparent that the world is better off with more linguistic and cultural diversity but this really is n't that big of a problem when you consider that the only major places english has near replaced the local languages in europe is confined to the british isles in the nations with the fewest people . 
  for almost everyone else , english is just a useful language to learn . 
   scratch away at the surface and you 'll find the same kind of ethno-religious hate that is so familiar in the balkans at what , football matches ? 
  i do n't know where you have been living but i have never seen or heard of any major ethnic tensions between the 4 ( cornwall 5 ? ), 
  groups of this country unless you are actually one of the people causing tension . 
  have you spotted any genocides recently ? 
   at the moment , there 's huge anti-catholic and anti-irish marches going on in the u.k. from glasgow to liverpool to belfast . 
  when ? 
  how ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  bbc works . 
  i mean i guess ? 
  kinda seems like a hallow victory though . 
  3 reasons brits voted for brexit by * forbes * come on dude really ? 
   all conservatives are awful human beings yikes . 
  guess i ought to just off myself now then . 
  not every sub that is a circle jerk is as explicit as r/yurop and does n't have to be to qualify as a circle jerk . 
  besides the posts on this sub of a picture of a beautiful town in a european country , almost everything is about politics or is an article that relates to politics in some way . 
  just that fact is circle jerky enough when the sub could literally discuss anything and everything about europe . 
   also these reddit terms are childish . 
  what other word for circle jerk is there ? 
  yeah you ca n't blame them . 
   back off dude you 're talking to a 13 year old . 
  just by knowing reddit 's demographics you should know that is not true . 
  nice ref . 
  * posts on the_donald, 
  not getting political or talking about the british media dude just saying this sub is obviously a circle jerk like the vast majority of subs , please do n't get upset . 
  funny , but you come off as a real dick for a bunch of unprovoked attacks . 
  excuse me ? 
  angleterre big . 
   are you seriously trying to debate that may has n't fucked up massively ? 
  no , i do n't care about discussing politics . 
  i 'm just pointing an echo chamber when i see one .
