   but the arrogant , undeserved superiority complex many of my countryman have . 
  besides the better food the french are far more refined , better looking and in better shape than the majority of fat , tasteless imbeciles we have in the uk it 's called a joke . 
  plus they have utter contempt and arrogance aimed straight back at us so i would n't worry too much . 
  jee i dunno , does anyone here not speak english ? 
  oh , you 're one of * those * . 
  a united planet ai n't ever going to happen unless we get attacked by aliens so try and retain your thinking within the realms of reality . 
  it 's like if someone asked me how i would deal with the refugee crisis and and i replied `` make there be * no wars * '' . 
  nice idea , but it 's not happening . 
  probably nothing as not many of the eu members are willing or able to leave the eu in the same manner and even if the uk came out unscarred , that would n't ensure the same for them . 
  come on dude , even you should know that this completely ridiculous . 
  no limits , * at all * ? 
  100,000,000 people ? 
  250,000,000 people ? 
  250,000,000 people living in a country 357,168 km2 big ? 
  as many as we * need * , no more and no less . 
  countries are not charities and we ca n't help the entire world so once this entire refugee thing has hopefully blown over i want to get back to normal immigration policy based of what 's good for the country and not humanitarian issues . 
  assuming that using imperial is wrong . 
  it 's called imperial for a [ reason ] ( https://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/starwars/images/e/ea/imperial_army_poster.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150707124054 ) you know ? 
  a lot of unskilled migrants come over trying to earn money but come to realize the grass is n't always greener . 
  many have to sleep rough or live 15 to a flat just to survive and most of the work they get offered can be under-payed or many just wont pay them at all . 
  i watched a very good documentary once about people wanting to return home after they 've had enough and how hard it actually is to return to where you have come from willingly . 
  most of their english is at a acceptable standard and those who do n't speak any english usually just have their friends communicate for them . 
  well like it or not , not every country can be switzerland and ireland certainly is n't which is why irish neutrality during ww2 is disapproved of and is considered morally bankrupt by many . 
  ireland today still enjoys the benefits of a european continent that is n't under tyranny but unlike most european countries , ireland officially did nothing to contribute and did not share in any of destruction or loss which almost an entire continent and and every continent suffered . 
  nobody respects neutral countries because everyone * wants * to be neutral but they just ca n't be . 
  do you think the hundreds of thousands of british soldiers wanted to die in a field in france ? 
  the average joe would have loved for britain to remain neutral , but if everyone did that the entire continent of europe would be doomed . 
  so many people are not fond of irish neutrality because the only thing that allowed it was the fact that britain was fighting so that ireland did n't have to . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5i1cjiwe7m edit : denmark and norway only had around 3 million come ww2 and they still fought the axis powers . 
  a bunch of dumb americans drinking green beer does n't exactly prevent ireland from criticism from remaining neutral in the almost literal fight between good and evil and considering joining the axis powers if they were the winner . 
   we are welcome around the world and the rest of us europeans are n't ? 
  christ you have some serious irish exceptionalism if you think that your people and culture are that special . 
  i 'll give you that, 
  in that case : the entire nation of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland consider ireland a bunch of lucky , lucky , lucky , lucky bastards . 
  the archers theme tune would be the only suitable replacement, 
  * replace europeans with the entirety of the [ old world ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c1/afro-eurasia_%28orthographic_projection%29.svg ), 
   i think usanian sounds kinda dumb well then you should n't have chosen a vague descriptive country name that shares it 's demonym with an entire continent . 
  why did n't your founding fathers just use columbia or something normal ? 
   uk suggestion : three lions ( football 's coming home ) but then the german national anthem would be the same but with different lyrics . 
   we in the uk would not use ` lucky ' to describe ireland 's position in ww2 why do you speak for our entire country ? 
  i * would * consider them lucky . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  if it ai n't broke . 
   is that something you can eat apparently cooking is n't our strong suit so i guess not . 
  uhh no ? 
  calling it a european civil war makes it sound like a small blip on a straight road and completely downplays the extent and tragedy of the wars which appeared on every continent . 
  europe would never become so united that they would start historical revisionism to give the impression that europe was always heading towards unity and that they have always been united . 
  if you start viewing european conflicts as civil wars from the perspective that they were just squabbling factions of the same group instead of the different countries that they were , then ww2 would be like the 1000th european civil war in a long history of civil wars . 
  god you people are making me work for this . 
  english , just english . 
  and ireland . 
  never forget that ireland was neutral too . 
  lucky bastards . 
  you know what ? 
  i actually going to answer yes this time . 
  really spice it up . 
  ooh very close geographically , just move a little to the right . 
  guess which one . 
  define english culture : british culture, 
   does your country have any organization to maintain the culture or language ? 
  yeah , it 's called the united states of america . 
  they 're not taught i assume as i was never taught about our politics or our civic duty . 
   23 % is n't a majority no it is n't but sadly voting boycotts are common in latin american politics and i think that if puerto rico does n't make a decision about its status when it 's in one of it 's worst economic periods in modern history , then when will it ? 
  we might not see another opportunity like this again or we might , but it will never be urgent enough for people to care . 
  do n't use the internet . 
  i do n't know much about it personally but i think that the current state of puerto rico 's relationship with the u.s needs to change and either become a full state or independent because puerto rico is too big and has far too many people to continue being a pseudo american colony . 
  so , despite the results the 2017 referendum being questionable i think that puerto rico should still act upon them . 
  i 'm not the one with the problem here , i can quit whenever i want . 
  [ look at this game ] ( https://19818-presscdn-pagely.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/58f/21/a1f0a821cded1a9e33f605091f0766f8.jpg ) you lose . 
  you should n't try referendums man , they ruin lives . 
  just one hit and you 're hooked and then all you think about is the next referendum and election . 
  look at the news and go `` oh the eu became a federation '' because i 'm just some bloke watching tv and i ca n't do anything about it . 
  no one drinks it . 
  i do n't think much has happened over here . 
  cornwall for the 4 consecutive time again probably . 
  you just have bias because she is the incumbent pm and you are probably not fond of her but it 's ignorant to make excuses for some of the biggest failures in british political history but insist that may will be remembered as our worst pm . 
  also , `` did n't cause instability '' ? 
  we lost all of our remaining empire decades early in the winds of change because of eden 's cock up !, 
  it completely ruined britain 's position on the world stage and depressed an entire nation for years . 
  you are either the master of understatement or a historical revisionist . 
  i think we can agree on that one well you never know ... i heard he built some pretty dope roads in his time / s. 
   she will go down as the worst for sure i doubt that very much . 
  can she compete with chamberlain who appeased hitler and betrayed czechoslovakia in the munich agreement ? 
  or can she compete with eden who conspired a plan to invade the suez canal and then had to embarrassing withdraw at america 's request which completed humiliated britain internationally ? 
  it 's difficult to even evaluate blair 's terms in perspective as that was only 10 years ago , let alone the incumbent pm !, 
  have n't tried yet so i 'm not sure . 
  best in recent times would obviously be churchill who is held to almost god like status and worst probably anthony eden who was a good politician but fucked up the suez crisis and publicly humiliated britain on a level never seen before . 
  olives ? 
  i 'm not just going to pack up my bags and move to whatever country is doing better that month . 
  i would n't move to france if it became utopia on earth , let alone just because some american article painted it nicely . 
  psh i 'm a reddit user , how am * i * suppose to know about that stuff ? 
  shitty . 
  first past the post sucks and nobody went out to change it in the 2011 referendum so they only have themselves to blame when the system does n't work . 
  aright cunt , how you cunts doing ? 
  etc, 
  it 's the way our houses are built . 
  downstairs from the mains and upstairs from a tank and might be harmful . 
  also the reason our houses have two taps instead of one . 
  tap water out of the tap upstairs that you 're not suppose to drink from because it 's from the tank in the attic . 
  really wakes you up .
