  we are all separate nations , that is the * entire * point of the united kingdom . 
   what kind of lame argument is that ? 
  the tatars are also part of the russian population , so why should they get autonomy ? 
  your arguments are quite similar to those of russians heard in the late soviet times when their empire was falling . # tartars are n't ethnically russians but the scottish are british by definition . 
  well why do you think should they have autonomy in the first place ? 
  they 're no different from the english or the welsh , they 're not a national minority like tartars and they are considered part of the british population so why should they get autonomy ? 
  they 're not being repressed either so you can cut it out with that . 
  legit , what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  scotland is a part of the uk and has been since 1707 when we entered a union . 
  the scottish are `` brits '' , they were part of the empire and we are n't doing anything to them . 
  the majority still want to stay in the uk so what the hell is your problem ? 
  you 're talking like scotland is tibet for god 's sake . 
  and if they want to leave they bloody well can too . 
  good for you . 
  it 's the truth . 
  why do you think it needs to be autonomous anyway ? 
   yeah , you are right . 
  when you finally write down constitution you mean when pigs fly ? 
   do n't put that bullshit there ... there is simply something wrong about former kingdom and founding member of the union not having proper autonomy we are not going to give scotland or any other region complete autonomy , why would we ? 
  the uk is a unitary state and despite it being made up of multiple nations , that is not going change . 
  also , england is a founding member of the union ( as there are only really 2 ) and it does n't have any autonomy at all so it 's hardly a big deal . 
  it 's not tibet for god 's sake . 
  that does n't make us a federation . 
  the central government has ultimate power and other levels of government only have powers that the central government sees fit . 
  the central government could also dissolve all devolved power if push came to shove , so we are definitely a unitary state . 
  well i barely drink when i go out which would mean by your standards i should n't even be allowed to talk to any girl that 's had a drink . 
  so either drink or stay at home every night ? 
  well that sounds fun . 
   sober guys trying it on with drunk girls gives me the creeps . 
  why though ? 
  how is it any better if they 're pissed too ? 
  they 're not roofying them for god 'd sake . 
   i do n't trust guys who do n't drink but still try and get a girl on nights out why ? 
  generally not a pleasant word . 
  i 'd say that being called a twat here has more whammy then being called a cunt or something else . 
  maybe , they have probably only been around since be late 90s . 
  you can have multiple nationalities you know ? 
  would you not consider yourself danish if you got a german passport ? 
  do you consider yourself the nationality of wherever your living ? 
  if you we n't on holiday to spain for a month would you consider yourself spanish ? 
   i could live in germany , and still do everything the danish way , but i would be a german . 
  that 's not how it works . 
   example : saying people with a certain ethnicity ca n't immigrate to the uk , because of their heritage . 
  you did n't say that originally you simply said :  i would say they have really no importance . 
  it is against human rights to add importance to them basically saying we should cease adding importance to our heritage in order to prevent discrimination based on heritage . 
  heritage is important and it is never lost . 
  if i moved to germany and learn german , that does n't mean i stop being british . 
  people in germany would always consider be british and as would i. i would still be british/english by ethnicity and german by nationality , but that does n't make me german . 
   it is against the human rights to discriminate against people based on ethnicity and heritage correct  and that would be to add importance to them , would n't it ? 
  what the hell on god 's earth gave you impression that that putting importance on your heritage is discriminating against others ?!, 
  your heritage and family history is important to most people and you ca n't just pretend that ethnicities do n't exist just to make people feel better . 
  are people who celebrate the chechnya heritage discriminating against people that do n't have heritage from chechnya ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  why do n't we stop being called europeans as well as there are others that are not included ? 
   it is against human rights to add importance to them phaha what ?!, 
  it is not against human rights to put importance to your ethnicity and heritage !, 
  ask literally anyone from most of europe , asia or africa . 
  what an absurd idea !, 
  but were you born here ? 
  it 's a thing you have growing up , not as an adult . 
  they will be missed , maybe . 
  would n't they be the 6th after the cornish ? 
  yep , rationing got the ball rolling on the stereotype when in all truth our cuisine is no worse from any other culture in a similar climate and location as us . 
   it 's absolutely true that the uk has little to no gastronomical culture says who , you ? 
  i think someone should teach you the difference between an opinion and a fact . 
  do you guys not have cheese strings or something ? 
  also , i 'm pretty sure lunchbox snacks are not meant to be gourmet . 
  no , not really . 
  but sandwiches are one of our contributions to the world so our cuisine ca n't be that bad . 
  also ,  gave us string cheese as a snack what 's weird about that ? 
  string cheese * is * a snack . 
  despite all the shit , probably the us . 
  i never really got the stereotype that they have really good food though . 
  half of it is spicy and most curry is just meh . 
  almost no flavour . 
  that we have bad food . 
  i literally do n't care about any other stereotype or joke but talk shit about our food ? 
  nah , i draw the line there . 
  we can only hope . 
  i can appreciate some of the songs that take a more subtle and poetic approach e.g. 
  `` thank god were surrounded by water '' then the songs that are just about fighting , war and obnoxious statements like `` fuck off '' and `` fuck the british '' . 
   i do n't want to constantly be explaining myself to people who have n't pulled their heads out of the 70 's yet . 
  [ jokes on you , they got all the best tunes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_bcg8ov1m8 ) in all seriousness though , i feel for ya . 
  well hey if we 're just giving away calais , [ we might as well go * all * the way , right ? ], 
  ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/henry_ii%2c_plantagenet_empire.png ), 
  maybe ni will do something interesting but i doubt it , ukraine could get further changed by russia , there could be some separatism in spain and belgium might finally get tried of it all and just roll over and die . 
  hey , anything is possible . 
  no , i said our ex setter colonies were successful and that does not include india . 
  think u.s.a , australia , canada , new zealand and maybe south africa . 
  the uk has very good relations with all of its ex settler colonies because they are pretty successful and we share a lot of cultural similarities and history . 
  the uk also has quite good relationships with some of its formal colonies from the west indies and the indian subcontinent too . 
  though actual people from the indian subcontinent seem to still be pretty sore over the history and many that i 've met do n't really like the uk itself , the british government and always keep posting articles about british atrocities from the past . 
  i would say that our relations with most of our ex african and middle eastern colonies are nothing special . 
   it would n't tear anything apart because we would all be part of the same country , the eu a country with close to 100 sub divisions , how efficient . 
  also would you include russia in your federation as well ? 
  if so , then there would hardly even be a russia left after all of the separatism . 
  literally all modern european countries all already somewhat big federations of tons of different regions and people . 
  allowing every group to form it 's own region would tear the continent apart and would send us back to some hre shit . 
  americans claim tesla as well . 
  their thinking is he was born serbian but he * chose * to become american .
