still nobody asked them if they want to be relocated from italy or greece . 
  most likely not . 
  unless it 's to germany or sweden . 
  yup , if romania does not drag them inside handcuffed ( because they will not go there willingly ) , they will surely die . 
  all of them . 
  you should also mention , that by staying and fighting for their land they probably mean fighting for isis . 
  i doubt when they say jihad they mean fighting for assad . 
  this has nothing to do with human rights . 
  border control does not violate human rights . 
  refusing illegal immigrants does not violate human rights . 
  refusing refugees from war zones would violate un conventions , but then those people are coming from serbia , not directly from syria . 
   except if you 're a male aged 18 and above , in which case you 'll be expected to serve in the military and fire at your fellow syrian citizens and be fired at by your fellow syrians good , maybe with enough manpower assad will crush the rebellion and restore peace . 
   let 's leave it to the hungarians to decide what they want to do with their country , ok and yet here you are telling hungarians what to do with their country . 
  people throwing rocks at the police are anything but terrified . 
  ive never seen videos of people chanting poles welcome in germany . 
  also , worker migration is not the same as asylum seeker migration . 
  well the eu will collapse before taking the first billion . 
   the current refugee-crisis was , in fact , caused by america 's continuing obsession to destroy russia yea , tinfoil hat territory , 
  actually they are against mandatory quotas - i.e some random eu clerk deciding who goes to which country and destination countries having no say in it . 
  i somehow doubt it 's based on reality . 
  have n't seen any scenes like the one described on tv . 
  at least in lithuania nobody is protesting against taking in refugees , government officials are calling for solidarity etc. 
  most people are skeptical and are bemused by the infantile knee-jerk reaction to the crisis seen in germany and some other countries . 
  actually the fault lies with the parents of the child , who decided to risk theirs and his life to illegally go from turkey , which is a safe country , to greece on a flimsy boat . 
  also with human traffickers , who put peoples lives in danger . 
  and , maybe , in part with the turkish government , because they are not cracking down on the people trafficking business hard enough . 
  if they come from a safe zone they are not legitimate refugees and therefore not eligible for asylum . 
  and women and children can endure the war in the mean time / s, 
  of course it 's a german problem . 
  the migrants specifically want to go to germany , and refuse to remain where they are now ( safe countries ) or go elsewhere . 
  there is no solution to bring them elsewhere without human rights violations ( are you suggesting to drag them to , say , lithuania , at gunpoint , or in cuffs ? 
  because they wo n't come willingly ) . 
  even if we do bring them to other countries , what stops them from just taking a bus to germany ? 
  germany does not own the eu . 
  keep your wet reich dreams in check , 
  billions are staying there . 
  those that have no money to pay traffickers . 
  this whole thing looks like some dystopian hunger games shit to me . 
  billions live in poverty , thousands die en route , and the `` winners '' of the death race who got to germany are showered with gifts and admiration like they are some kind of heroes . 
  and the whole thing is even filmed and shown on tv . 
  well , germans and some other westerners sure are trying to dictate that eastern europe should take more migrants . 
  you mean outhouses ? 
  the article is extremely biased and is essentialy also whitewashing the sins of soviet partisans . 
  the most important point to remember in this case is that lithuania as a sovereign state never persecuted jews . 
  it 's precisely because state institutions were dismantled during the soviet occupation that tragedies like in june 1941 happened . 
  criminals and nazis exist in every society and they quickly seized the opportunity given by the anarchy in the first days of the war to massacre both soviets and innocent people alike . 
  well if they want to sit on their asses and do nothing , waiting `` for their lives to start '' , ofc it 's better to leave . 
  leaving implies actually doing something . 
  and everyone in the us , ireland , australia etc. 
  speak english . 
  whats your point ? 
  so both economies are so similar that the relative contraction during a crisis and subsequent growth can be attributed solely to the chosen economic model ? 
  seriously ... 
  i do n't get it . 
  how can the government move someone into privately owned apartments ? 
   they obviously do n't believe in the policy , and they 're only there because the germans insisted . 
  how noble of them, 
  yeah , he 's full of shit . 
  anyone who 's not bedazzled by his rhetoric can see that . 
  maybe poland wishes to help greece end austerity ? 
  i 'm sure if you are willing to cut your pensions and wages in half the money saved would be enough to end austerity in greece . 
  us filthy eastern europeans are used to being dirt poor anyways , not like the proud hellenic nation . 
  til that the imf = poor third world countries . 
  poor poor us . . :(, 
  so if instead it was all for investment and pensions and other welfare and all greek budget went to repay debts instead it would be ok somehow ? 
  free market can not regulate it until greece stays in the euro . 
  as long as the markets know greek debts will be bought out by other eurozone countries , they will keep lending greece money , despite knowing greece can not repay . 
  hence , the need for a default and exit from eurozone/eu in order to become `` a free nation '' like you imagine , 
  russia building bases in greece means russia not building bases in kaliningrad or elsewhere near our borders . 
  i 'm all for it . 
   efsf http://www.esm.europa.eu/about/governance/shareholders/lithuania/index.htm, 
  puerto rico bailout would have to be paid by the us not the eu . 
  hence the different us reaction . 
  way to generalize . 
  this particular referendum was called to vote on a proposal in ongoing international negotiations on fiscal matters . 
  are they going to call another referendum if the offer is amended ? 
  this particular referendum is indeed a showcase of political incompetence and an attempt to deflect responsibility . 
  i dont think anyone besides you is arguing about referenda in general . 
  dunno about estonia , but in lithuania both minimum , average and median wages are lower than our neighbours ' . 
  in some cases by such a huge amount that i think those gdp figures are simply bullshit . 
   in the uk it is estimated 40,000 pensioners die each winter , due to being forced to choose between heating and food holy shit , britain , for shame , lol . 
  yes , our corrupt and inept government is perfectly capable of borrowing our country away , just like greece . 
  but i am aware it 's `` we '' and not `` they '' that are to blame . 
  yeah , maybe all euro countries should hold a referendum asking if people want to fork over more of their money to greece . 
  i do n't need to tell you the outcome of such a query ... 
  devaluing national currency does not solve a sovereign debt crisis . 
  foreign debt is in euros or dollars and does not decrease after devaluation . 
  besides , devaluation disproportionately fucks over poor people . 
  well the plan usually is to get to europe , get a house and a car and a ton of money - stuff that grows on trees there , as the `` travel agent '' says , then comfortably bring family over later . 
  alternatively , maybe they just dump the weaker ones overboard . 
  five false assumptions and zero proposed solutions , aside from `` just let them all in '' . 
  those are not civilians fleeing a war zone ... 
  and those hundreds of thousands were as bogus as the current ones . 
  they were not fleeing persecution , they were economic migrants , looking for economic benefit . 
  when your friend decides to commit suicide , you do n't slice your own wrist out of solidarity . 
  you ca n't really compare legal migration from eastern europe , to asylum seekers from africa . 
  back then some countries needed the cheap workforce , and eastern european vagrants and criminals were and are being deported without any qualms about international law or human rights . 
  essentially you are cherry picking the people you need . 
  not comparable to the current policy in regards to african migrants . 
  and how exactly is pulling back sanctions against putin going to help ?
