  they should be initially housed based on a decision by an immigration officer wh o can tell a child from an adult by looking at him . 
  that covers 99 % of the cases . 
  self declared age should not be used in making the decision . 
  anyone placed with children could be transferred to adult camp upon request but not the other way round . 
  russia does not have to be aggressive , they just choose to . 
  we live in the age of icbms , your whole terrain argument is irrelevant today . 
  besides , it is also very wrong . 
  if you imply that russia `` has '' to be aggressive , you have to accept the same argument for other countries - like germany , or france , or poland or pretty much any other country that is not an island nation . 
  hell , by your logic the us has to go conquer canada , because that border is hardly defensible right ? 
   one of the reasons why russia is so aggressive in its foreign policy ( and consequently why it 's so hated in the west ) is that through its history it had to contend with large borders with hostile states , and no meaningful defensible land to speak of on many of them that 's completely backwards . 
  russias vast size and poor infrastrucure is precisely what made it defensible previously . 
  the difference between the invasion of france in 1940 and invasion of soviet union in 1941 was that after a complete defeat in the first weeks , russians still had enough territory to fall back to and enough manpower to replace losses . 
  massive territory and poor infrastructure allows to employ defense in depth , partisan tactics and generally negate any technological advantage the enemy has . 
  well , yes , and other areas also . 
  you have other expenditures besides healthcare and infrastructure . 
  2 percent of gdp is a relative measure , the smaller your gdp the less you pay , so it 's not like it 's unfair or something . 
  besides , spending borrowed money on defense is not a smart move . 
  your borrowed money is supposed to be invested and bring some return , otherwise it 's not sustainable in the long run - just look at greece . 
  that 's a bullshit excuse - you can still reallocate the existing budget , despite deficit rules . 
  if you wanted to , but apparently defense is not deemed important enough to cut spending in other areas . 
  well , god himself here . 
  i have even bigger piles of data over billions of years and i am omniscient , so my internetz authority  your internet authority . 
  i would also make some unsubstantiated , unreferenced bullshit claims , but i ca n't be bothered tbh . 
  / peace , 
  asking what is the purpose of punishment is like asking why does it hurt when you bang your head on the wall . 
  criminal law describes punishment for crime , laws of physics describe the punishment for banging your head on the wall . 
  in both cases the question should be why do laws exist and why are they what they are . 
  of course , the question is probably more suitable for / r/philosophy , 
  deportation for murder is not even remotely appropriate . 
  justice is not only about rehabilitation , but also about punishment , something western liberals have forgotten . 
  because it 's the truth, 
  if they send their young and strong and leave the women , children and elderly behind they are not in any immediate danger and therefore not refugees . 
  it 's called refugee quotas , not economic migrant quotas . 
  besides , i think the problem is not the lack of families among refugees , it 's the lack of families willing to go to , say , estonia . 
   the problem is that echr ruled that the illegal immigrants can not be detained even if they have no right to be here and have failed to qualify for refugee status . 
  i think the echr has outlived its usefulness . 
  i mean , this is absolutely mind bogglingly stupid . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with human rights . 
  time to either disband the echr or at least strictly limit their jurisdiction to human rights issues . 
  you can throw them in a dungeon until they remember . 
  it 's not meant to cover costs , it 's meant to deter opportunistic welfare seekers . 
  refugee status is besides the point . 
  even if that status is not granted , the person remains in sweden , because he ca n't be deported , according to some people . 
  in my opinion the problem is too nice prisons in sweden and germany . 
  i 'd say any refused refuge applicant would remember his country of origin roughly two days after being locked up in a lithuanian prison for example , 
  you make it sound like it 's a bad thing . 
  germany being a us vassal is the best thing that has happened to europe in a long time . 
   i just wanted to show to where it could lead us , if we follow your way of argumentation . 
  more or less a total war , without any rules the syrian regime and possibly the rebels used chemical weapons in this war . 
  it is already a total war . 
  besides , your whole argument is a slippery slope fallacy . 
  the fact that i think military pilots should be valid military targets does not in any way imply i support wmd use on civilians or something . 
   they are bound if it happens in a signatory state and if they are organized in an army - / militia-like structure . 
  they are bound only if they choose to be . 
  that 's the nature of international treaties . 
  they can choose to honor them , or ignore them . 
   i just try to explain the law , and why i think it is consistent in its reasoning , even if some of it is still very old style soldiers-honour the law , or in this case a specific treaty favors only one side . 
  rebels do n't have an airforce , so they can choose not to honor the treaty . 
  international treaties have to be mutually beneficial , or they just get ignored . 
  especially if the other sides of the conflict are also blatantly violating international treaties . 
  apples and oranges . 
  you are comparing an active member of enemy military in a combat zone , who is armed , to a civilian kid . 
  really ? 
  you see no difference here ? 
  this fake outrage over such a trivial matter as one killed soldier is nauseating . 
  hundreds of civilians killed by bombs - tough shit , business as usual . 
  no remorse , no apologies . 
  one bomber pilot killed - `` omg how dare they . 
  we 're gon na genocide them all . '', 
  besides , those rebels did not even sign the relevant conventions , they are not bound by them . 
  so , according to you it 's fine to kill civilians as long as you claim it was done to `` fulfill a decisive military objective '' . 
  in other words , any time , anywhere and for any reason . 
  how convenient  you can think up justifications for shooting pilots also , you know . 
  like - `` we did not see it was a pilot '' , shooting paratroopers is permissible etc. 
  also , rules regarding pilots in parachutes were created half a century ago . 
  a pilot shot down over wwii germany did not have a sar team ready to extract him at a moments notice . 
  i do n't get why people think this is still applicable to the current conflict in syria . 
  please , your claims of moral superiority are amusing  how dare those brown people resist , right ? 
   by `` most countries in the world '' you mean countries doing the bombing . 
  of course they agree with this `` rule '' . 
  those on the receiving end disagree with this `` rule '' . 
  if a parachuting pilot is found by the rescue team that is sent by his own side then he will not be captured . 
  and russians did send a team out there , so if the choice is shoot him now or let him escape and return to fight , then shooting him was totally justified . 
  sidearms being effective is completely besides the point , war is not supposed to be fair . 
  ak47s are also ineffective against jet bombers , it does not stop countries from bombing a bunch of guys with ak47s . 
  a parachuting pilot is still armed and can kill someone with his sidearm when he reaches the ground . 
  a rescue team is on the way - if you let a parachuting pilot escape he will return later to bomb you again . 
  not shooting parachuting pilots can only be justified when the other side does not try to rescue them and they are guaranteed to surrender after reaching ground . 
  i do n't think russians and islamists had that kind of agreement in place . 
  it 's so british to demand obedience of the rules of killing people  gentlemen , please form an orderly queue , so we can kill you in a civilized way  pretty much every power bombing syria violates the rules of war by dropping bombs on civilians . 
  killing an enemy combatant hanging from a parachute is really a non-issue , when we have cluster munitions being dropped on marketplaces on the other side . 
  conventions are largely applicable to and favor major powers . 
  conventions also dont allow killing of civilians but everyone does it anyway . 
  irregulars do not have facilities to keep prisoners in . 
  they also can not be sure to capture the pilot before he is rescued by the enemy . 
  a captured pilot may have some means of being tracked after capture and may expose where the rebels are hiding . 
  all in all shooting him in the parachute ensures he will not be dropping any more bombs on syria and it inflicts damage on the enemy . 
  i 'd say shooting pilots is fair game in the circumstances involved . 
  the whole `` ca n't shoot pilots in parachutes '' thing is ridiculous . 
  `` hey , i just dropped a bomb on your town , but you ca n't kill me because i 'm in a parachute , trololol '' .
