  is putin offering to take all those migrants instead ? 
  or is italy doing this purely out of spite ? 
  besides , i do n't think anyone in eastern europe is saying it 's not their problem , if italy wanted help to find , intercept and turn back the boats , i 'm sure all countries would pitch in willingly . 
  they might not be willing to participate in the current insane policy of accepting and even aiding ** all ** migrants to reach europe . 
  your fears are completely unfounded . 
  those `` refugees '' will flee westward as soon as possible anyways , it 's not like latvia is their intended destination . 
  nobody expects germany , italy to honor article 5 , yet you somehow imply they would honor a `` european army '' agreement . 
  why ? 
  how is that any different ? 
  those were not un mandated . 
  to quote wikipedia : '' after the sochi agreement in 1992 , georgian , south ossetian , russian and north ossetian peacekeepers were stationed in south ossetian conflict zone under the joint control commission 's ( jcc ) mandate . '', 
  those were essentially occupying forces , not peacekeepers . 
  pretty sure that 's just bullshit . 
  he allowed another candidate to win presidential elections . 
  if that 's non-democratic then i do n't know what is . 
  so , staying out of africa is neocolonialism . 
  til, 
  actually the crowd chased them to the building , so it was the same group of people , they did not just randomly torch a random building . 
  also , the building was apparently loaded with gasoline and stuff for molotov cocktails , so it 's not like the people inside were not involved in the violence prior to that . 
  what i understand is that two groups of rioters clashed , one side was outnumbered and had to retreat to their `` base '' , were chased by their opponents , a fire broke out and they burned alive because they could not leave the building due to the angry crowd outside . 
  some innocent people who were inside the same building likely also perished in the fire . 
  definitely fucked up , and definitely the responsibility of the police force - they failed to do their duty . 
  however , in the context of the war in the east , where apparently 7000 civilians have lost their lives , this is merely a minor incident . 
  also i do n't really agree burning people is more wrong than shooting them , as you seem to imply . 
  killing people is wrong , the method used , be it artillery from 30 km away , or hitting someone with a crowbar is merely details . 
  not so sure about the whole innocent part . 
  at least some of them were involved in street clashes with pro-ukrainians , some pro-ukrainians were killed that day . 
  they picked a fight , they lost . 
  and lost their lives too . 
  i 'm sure there were innocent bystanders among them , but no way they were all `` innocent '' . 
  that would be a great way to get rid of bureaucrats and legal professionals , yes . 
  as a bonus , we could watch them getting beheaded in front of a camera , all in those stylish orange jumpsuits and stuff ... 
  when it comes to libya , the eu is certainly to blame , for participating in this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya, 
   like it was really the problem for ukraine to find willing parties to sell weaponry or reconnaissance tech i 'm 99 % sure that was/is the case . 
  the west will no sell military equipment to ukraine , because reasons . 
  israel would not sell because of the reason stated in this article . 
  china will not sell to preserve relationships with russia . 
  0 tanks - tanks require tons of fuel , ammo and maintenance and are not suited for guerilla tactics and city fighting . 
  man portable antitank weapons and atgms are a better investment . 
  0 combat aircraft - our airspace is covered by russian s300 , s400 air defense systems . 
  they also have plenty of precision strike missiles , so any combat aircraft would likely be destroyed on the ground in the opening salvo of a war ... also , modern fighters are expensive to buy and maintain . 
  air defense systems are a better investment . 
  0 frigates - ships are primarily useful as a force projection tool . 
  waste of money in our situation . 
  i agree we are under armed though . 
  our government spent very little on defense and equipment purchases were questionable at best ( transport planes , mine sweeping ships , trucks ... basically everything that does not give additional defensive capacity ) . 
  i know - yugoslavia !, 
  as opposed to what alternative exactly ? 
  where was that stimulus supposed to come from ? 
   cable ... stop the tank umm ... nope , i do n't think so  more likely the people were filmed separately in front of a green screen . 
  lithuanian language did not just appear out of nowhere in the 19th century . 
  it was spoken in lithuania since ancient times , but the area shrank in 19th century due to polonization and russification policies by the ruling elite of the time . 
  wow , that looks really nice, 
  oh come on , the only threat to you is russia , and they are not going to invade you via lithuania ... 
  overall stratfor is full of shit . 
  their predictions rarely if ever come true . 
  according to wikipedia -  because of their charge and large mass , alpha particles are easily absorbed by materials , and they can travel only a few centimetres in air . 
  they can be absorbed by tissue paper or the outer layers of human skin ( about 40 micrometres , equivalent to a few cells deep ) so a geiger counter would not detect alpha particles , especially those generated inside a human body because they would be absorbed before reaching the detector . 
  english is also used in us , they must all be british / s, 
  well the regime in russia is whitewashing stalin , so they probably think it 's a good idea . 
  i doubt that , they would need to pay healthcare tax if that was the case . 
  people in western europe overestimate nato . 
  all that military hardware is useless without the willingness to use it . 
  it 's not gas actually , they are burning oil shale directly to generate electricity . 
  then what is the opposite of solitary confinement ? 
  is it humane to force others to interact with him ? 
  i doubt anyone would want a cell mate like him . 
   eastern europe feels nothing for what they did to their minority populations you are talking about jews specifically . 
  please say so , and do n't generalize . 
   they have semi-successfully forgotten or apportioned blame to invaders ( germans , russians ) and rightly so , blame for the holocaust lies with nazi germany . 
  there was no genocide prior to german invasion and no genocide since . 
   and so they are whitewashed with a clean conscience most of us were not even born then , so yes most everyone has a clean conscience about that . 
  regardless , participants in the holocaust were tried , convicted and imprisoned or executed after the war . 
  justice was served , some of course got away with it , but the world is never perfect . 
   all you have to do is read a little about the reception of some of the people who actually made it out of the nazi concentration camps and tried to go back home and you 'll understand . 
  bad shit happened during and after that war . 
  i can cite the wikipedia article linked by you :  reasons for violent deaths have been attributed to usually indiscriminate postwar lawlessness as well as the raging anti-communist  insurrection against the new pro-soviet government , which cost the lives of tens of thousand of people . 
  among the jewish victims  of violence were numerous functionaries of the new stalinist regime , assassinated by the anti-communist underground without  racial motives , but simply due to their political loyalties . 
  thats bullshit , afaik you are allowed to look at other people on the street in northern europe . 
  you are also allowed to take pictures and film in streets and other public places . 
  the term public space implies you should not expect privacy there . 
  not true . 
  rockets do n't run to depletion . 
  if they did , they would probably explode mid-air after running out of fuel , or at the very least lose control and crash . 
  there are safety margins , engines shut down on command and spent stages definitely still contain fuel when they fall down . 
  +45 million people , some significant military industry . 
  also , russia is less likely to attack elsewhere as long as ukraine is not subdued . 
  after ukraine , they will likely choose latvia as their next target . 
   it would stop the demand of europe to turkey to take more refugees from syria turkey does not give a damn what europe demands . 
  it will not affect migrant numbers in any way . 
  we do n't know what they wanted . 
  besides , like i said , self determination argument does not work in this case . 
  if crimea remained independent and if there was some distinct crimean nation you would have a point . 
  since it was a military annexation of one countries territory by another country , public opinion argument does not apply . 
  self determination and independence to actual minorities . 
  self determination and `` independence '' for minorities of a large neighboring nation , when said `` independence '' lasts for a whole 10 days before annexation by said neighboring country - not so much . 
  besides , the whole `` self determination '' thing was started when russian navy troops stormed the local parliament . 
  self determination my ass . 
  that 's a real quick way to kill domestic agriculture . 
  local farmers would have to compete with eu farmers who are heavily subsidized by the eu .
