  when you are killing people , expect them to return the favor when they get the chance . 
  well i did not say the uk is the bad guy , merely pointing out the uk mostly does not give a damn about eu . 
  so saying it 's interested or active is just plain wrong . 
  being disinterested does not make you the bad guys however , 
  dunno , i was just pointing out that asking for opt-outs does in no way imply the uk is is any way interested/active in the eu . 
  quite the opposite . 
  demanding opt-outs does not equal active, 
  conscription is not some kind of punishment for having no job or no education . 
  that is a silly argument . 
  i 'm sure turkey could be convinced to cooperate without actual war . 
  besides , nato survived 1974 , when greece and turkey were both in nato . 
  at some point you have to hold your ground , and say enough is enough . 
  well the us at least admitted their mistake . 
  russia ... they could drop a nuke on some random city and deny a single civilian died because of that . 
  complete disregard of their border security by turkey should be perceived as hostile action , if politicians in the eu had any balls . 
  turkey is doing jack shit on purpose , not because they ca n't . 
  boats returning migrants would of course be escorted by navy vessels . 
  turkey would not dare attack them . 
  or , the eu could just ship the boat people back to turkey using coast guard ships or ferries . 
  turkey has an obligation to protect it 's own borders and if they ca n't to that , somebody else has to do it for them . 
  standard procedure in peaceful circumstances . 
  in this case russian bombers were dropping bombs a few kilometers from turkish border . 
  if they `` accidentally '' crossed the border , next time they could `` accidentally '' drop some bombs inside turkey . 
  yes , putin is the ultimate truth apparently . 
  so you are saying it takes twice as long to build a ship with the same manpower in poland as opposed to finland ? 
  the major hurdle is not even accepting quotas . 
  it 's how to make those migrants actually go to lithuania or estonia or anywhere else besides germany or sweden . 
  we accepted the quota proposal , however it appears no refugees want to come here . 
  and what do they do , exactly ? 
  so far their bombing in syria did not amount to anything . 
  maybe france could discuss returning exile as a form of punishment . 
  send them to some remote overseas island and isolate them there . 
  france still has some overseas territories i think , 
  how is that event possible ? 
  1000 per month means a violation on average every 43 minutes . 
  the primary problem is that the response to what is essentially domestic terrorism is airstrikes on syria ( !? ) . 
  the paris attackers were mostly french and belgian citizens iirc , so how exactly is dropping bombs on syria going to help here ? 
  the problem is radicalized muslim extremists living in europe , and syria and is is only a tangential connection . 
  sauce is his ass , 
  yet the overall trend is very clear . 
  while evidence of funding or support is not always available , i do n't think the sharp drop in terrorism in the early 90s is a coincidence . 
  so , terrorism declined sharply after the fall of the soviet union , when terrorist organizations in western europe lost their funding , i presume . 
  islamic terrorism is not as dangerous as the media paints it apparently . 
  when at the end he asks if we need to deport them all from this country - does he really think it 's some kind of ludicrous proposition ? 
  i do n't know which country it is filmed in , but if somebody asked me , i 'd say yes . 
  deport every single one of them . 
  send them back to their desert and then use them for drone target practice . 
  did british people vote for a common secret service wih usa , canada , australia and new zealand ? 
  thought so . . 
  it worked out alright because : 1 ) the us had no welfare system . 
  immigrants had to earn their keep . 
  2 ) immigrants were not asylum seekers . 
  they did not have to wait for 5 years for the authorities to decide on their status . 
  showing war like a video game . 
  those russians sure seem very enthusiastic about war and killing . 
  yeah and governments change , and with them policies . 
  you know , democracy and all that . 
  happens all the time everywhere . 
  lithuania is not a person so there 's no telling what it thinks . 
  i 'm just stating my opinion . 
  in the end gol does what 's best for lithuania and that does not necessarily match what goe wants . 
  in this case - connecting vilnius or even klaipeda-kaunas-vilnius high speed railway with a link to warsaw is in our interest . 
  if we ca n't even get vilnius connected , why bother and spend billions for a railway we ca n't use . 
  fume all you want , but spending billions for a passenger line from tallinn to warsaw is a waste of money and resources . 
  how many passengers do you realistically expect to use it per day ? 
  of course . 
  kick all the violent ones . 
  commiting a violent crime should automatically equal deportation . 
  the word fund is very simple - tax payer money is transferred from nasa to spacex to cover their r & d costs for the falcon 9 and crew dragon vehicles . 
  to quote wikipedia :  on 18 august 2006 , nasa announced that spacex had won a nasa commercial orbital transportation services ( cots ) contract to demonstrate cargo delivery to the international space station ( iss ) with a possible option for crew transport . 
  [ 136 ] this contract , designed by nasa to provide `` seed money '' for developing new boosters , paid spacex $ 278 million to develop the falcon 9 launch vehicle , with incentive payments paid at milestones culminating in three demonstration launches . 
   ... as part of this agreement , spacex was awarded $ 440 million , to continue development and testing of its dragon v2 spacecraft . 
  in other words , they get paid not only for services , but for developing their own proprietary space vehicles . 
  if that is not state help , then i do n't know what is . 
  as for the competitive market remark - remember that only us companies are eligible for funding , and the government chooses which companies receive it . 
  for all intents and purposes , both the ariane subsidies and spacex nasa `` contracts '' are one and the same . 
  as for your second link , i do n't get what the squabble between boeing and airbus has to do with any of this . 
  both parties accuse each other and claim the other receives government help , which is of course true for both of them ... 
  spacex is largely funded by us taxpayers through nasa and air force programs . 
  iss resupply , commercial crew , grants for developing raptor engine for the air force , air force contracts for satellites . . etc far from being entirely funded by private capital . 
  money spent on investment such as research research is not taxed . 
  nobody expects google to pay a tax on investment , just on their profits . 
  they do n't , the whole article is a fantasy created by lawers of a former inmate of guantanamo to milk money from countries subject to the echr . 
  are all apartments rent controlled ? 
  ca n't you rent from someone directly ? 
  it would probably cost more , but someone with a nice job would probably be able to afford it ? 
  so , if continuing pregnancy has 90 % chance to lead the death of the mother , abortion will not be permitted . 
  nice . 
  the perpetrators are no longer there - those that were 18 years old in 1944 are 90 years old now . 
  most of the perpetrators were killed during or after the war , the rest are dead by now . 
  even if some still live unpunished , it 's because there is no evidence against them . 
  however , it 's extremely unlikely any are still alive today . 
  true , but usually jurisdiction depends on the location of the crime , so if a german manufacturer brought a car to poland to an auto show , and it was stolen , poland would have jurisdiction and the perpetrator would still face justice in poland , not germany . 
  in this case , as a poster below pointed out , the mistake was using a server inside the us , to host the site at some point in time . 
  i guess that gives at least some legal grounds for extradition . 
  so if you steal german made cars in poland you can get extradited to germany ? 
  though , i guess , when it comes to internet crimes , jurisdiction is a bit fuzzy term , 
  the uk had a world spanning empire in the 19th century . 
  current status as a financial center is a legacy of that empire and the influence it had in the world . 
  well then it 's a really shitty thing to do by whatever company is running the place .
