seems like a very interesting museum , i 'll definitely look into it . 
  thanks for all the info , i 'll see what 's doable next time i 'm in the netherlands . 
  too bad about patarei , but , seeing a museum about the kgb interests me !, 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  bus stop in middle of freeway ? 
  seems legit i do like the sound of the air museum though . 
  so many museums , so little time :(, 
  * gobbles down 3 big-macs and two large fries *, 
  i like it , thanks for all the information . 
  i like ` modern ' the most , ( world war i-present ) , but any and all wars have mass political impact , interesting backstories and events , i 'm not very picky . 
  ( medieval is also really interesting though ), 
  very good collection of military vehicles , i 'll look into it . 
  paris is a city i 'd really enjoy visiting , this is something i will definitely do . 
  i 'll put it on the list !, 
  interesting , have n't heard of many museums in the former eastern-bloc yet , but definitely something to look into . 
  ( the cold war era and the soviets fascinate me , as well as wwii ), 
  nice dioramas , maybe i need to spend more time in the netherlands !, 
  not much world war i related museums here in the states , well , belgium would know a tad bit more ... definitely on the list . 
  i 'll have to spend more time in the uk , so many great suggestions . 
  oh my , well , that 's a whole lot of gear . 
  d-day was probably one of the most influential battles in the history of warfare , an entire museum just to it ** in normandy ** ?!, 
  dang , i 'll add it to the list . 
  interesting , i might end up in the netherlands in some point ( using amsterdam as a connection point ) , some of this i 'll definitely put on the very , very long list !, 
  also that dornier do 24 is sexy . 
  * breathes more heavily *, 
  [ you are n't lying ] ( https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/0b/23/97/93/the-tank-museum.jpg ) this is the kind of stuff i wish there was more of back in the states . 
  awww, 
  got it , will look into it . 
  flygvanpenmuseum and the arsenalen sound like stuff to i 'd love , thanks for the list !, 
  i 've heard good things about the imperial war museum , and i did n't know the hms belfast was open to the public , thanks for the advice !, 
  ( also military aviation is also my personal favorite part of military history , behind tanks , military structure , and uniforms/flags/insignia ), 
  * breathes heavily *, 
  i 've never really seen too much militaria made before 1860 's ( us civil war ) , the ship seems * very * interesting , thanks !, 
  quite interesting , i 'll add it to the list !, 
  sounds bloody . 
  deadliest warrior did something like that a few years back . 
  i 'd say hundreds of ` riots ' is a bit of an overstatement . 
  but us servicemen were n't all racist bigots who hated blacks , as your comment may suggest . 
  yes it did happen , but it was n't common all the time . 
  this incident was also earlier in the war , when soldiers where still adapting to british society . 
  are you some anti nato keyboard warrior ? 
  we 'll never know , as this is a screen to an online website and we 're two people with no better thing to do arguing with each other over issues way above us . 
  so , for the sake of this community , and the fact that no one actually wins these arguments here , i 'm ending this argument , i hope you do the same . 
  well , arguing with a fool proves there are two . 
  anyway this argument , just like 99 % of the ones here , are n't going anywhere , so , truce ? 
  you said the un did nothing wrong earlier . 
  now your very anti-un . 
  edit : nevermind i misread the earlier statement . 
  that contradicts your earlier statement . 
  also , nato was the one who put an end to it . 
  ( i was talking about the serbian one ), 
  - cough cough - bosian genocide - cough cough -, 
  [ ahem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_peacekeeping#crimes_by_peacekeepers ), 
  but , we 're an alliance of nations ? 
  by that logic un peacekeepers have no meaning . 
  like , everyone ? 
  `` i was repeating what well-known journals and hrw said about drone strikes '' there are other good articles out there y' know , like [ this one from * the slate * ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/foreigners/2015/04/u_s_drone_strikes_civilian_casualties_would_be_much_higher_without_them.html ) [ or this one from the new york time ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/21/opinion/sunday/drone-warfare-precise-effective-imperfect.html?_r=0 ) `` connection runs over ramstein '' as said before in this argument with another person , ramstein is the staging area for nearly all nato countries coming in and our of europe , therefore it 'd be logical to put a high valued asset like a relay there , but , all the relay does is send info to and from , not really a major threat or something to get angry over . 
  `` i am not complaining about recon drones , i am complaining about the drones that killed several thousands of people , many of whom are unidentified . '', 
  no , but , you have seen to show distaste for all drones used by not just the usaf , but the raf as well . 
  `` just saying `` yeah , shit happens '' is not enough . 
  the us government does not even give out detailed investigations , we do n't know how many civilians are killed in strikes . 
  how can you say `` they must pay '' without knowing the price ? '', 
  this is a complex question that many have asked , yes , most people 'd want more detailed articles , but , as a good friend of mine told me , `` the enemy reads newspapers too '' , revealing a document like that would be filled with confidential information and the enemy would read this as well and change their tactics . 
  it 's also extremely hard to conduct investigations due to the nature of their operations , a investigative team likely is n't going to be very welcome in some backwater town in the middle of khandahar where insurgency leaders where staying . 
  you also failed to mention my point of `` this is an insurgency , '' , insurgents do n't follow rules . 
  take gaza for instance , where hamas insurgents hid in civilian buildings to camouflage themselves and if attacked , more civilians would die then militants , the taliban and al-queada is doing the exact same , hiding in civilian neighborhoods to max out civilian casualties . 
  we ca n't send in more and more troops there , the death rate will be tremendous , and artillery or a bombardment from a manned aircraft will be bloodier , drones , in a way , are the best way to do it . 
  but as said before , this is an insurgency , people will die , it 's the unfortunate and bloody truth . 
  ( sorry about not quoting the text , reddit 's been giving me issues with it ), 
  implying every us base is a drone hotbed of murderers and sociopaths . 
  you also fail to mention that us drones are operated out of no other than the us , and a majority of those drones are recon , not attack or killer drones . 
  all of which , again , see oversight . 
  as i said in an earlier comment , a lot of these issues are not the fault of the drone pilot , or the drone itself , but that of identification and planning . 
  if we used a b-1 or an f-16 , the outcome largely would remain the same . 
  insurgencies are never wars that end with light civilian casualties , i hate it , i 'd rather we not be in this war in the first place , but , they must pay for their crimes . 
  i 'm not justifying the deaths of innocences , but they do happen in an insurgency . 
  yes , however , a lot of these militants go into hiding in places we either ca n't get to , ca n't find , or have a denser civilian population , and sometimes these weddings are the only times these guys show their faces long enough for the drone guys to get id on them . 
  also , as stated in the article , 80 % to 95 % of kills are militants . 
  success rates for bombings are similar , but they are n't used as much for taking out high valued targets like this , but they are used . 
  fighting an insurgency is extremely hard , and people do make mistakes . 
  i think cct 's or tacp may be to blame for not properly clearing the target area or locating him or her when their away from the group . 
  as well as a lot of these people at the wedding are already against us , as they are either friends or family of the militant ( he did show up to said wedding after all ), 
  yes , however the us air force does have to confirm if a terrorist is there , they have the same oversight as other air force pilots , and similar procedures and such , in reality it 's not that different from a f-15e pilot of an f-16 pilot dropping a jdam on a terrorist fortification , they both have pilots , both receive clearance and oversight , and both do their job . 
  one just happens not to be in the aircraft . 
  in a way , yes , we where discussing the middle east and he brought up the constant invasions , so , i listed countries not invaded by the us ( that was n't all of them ) , but this is an older thread which i wanted to end because everyone disliked it . 
  ( apparently being pro-american here is a sin ), 
  i 'm not saying it was , but it appears that people think that drone strikes have civilian casualties that are extremely high . 
  the ` reality of war ' is n't present in most aircraft . 
  again , a lot of these bombs just do n't have places to go , and are planned to be mothballed , and therefore it 's cheaper to wait until they will be deactivated to ship , to avoid extra costs on storage . 
  i did n't say russia , i meant any state in the eastern hemisphere , pakistan , china , india , iran ( if they actually get said weapons ) , most of which are unlikely but , not impossible . 
  also , most aircraft are n't in much danger at all , b-1s are thin danger , f-16s are n't , f-15s are n't . 
  also , people not being in danger would help . 
  point is , i have n't been stationed in europe , only visited . 
  i 've also only been to germany . 
  thr us is reducing our nuclear arsenal , you ca n't just ship all the nukes at once , it 's unlikely . 
  so , it 's a stockpile until they can be moved . 
  also if another country decided to use nukes , which hopefully led never happen , we could deploy said weapons faster . 
  also , what 's your issue with armed drones ? 
  they have pilots who have to review what they 're doing and get clearance , etc. 
  that is largely due to people back home not wanting to get my involved and people in western europe showing distaste of us being there , similar to people in this thread .
