  but here you have siberia , it 's wide open , empty , corrupt , uncontrolled , alchoholic , depressive place with a shitload of resources . 
  and the russians for now are doing a bad job extracting them , relying alot on foreign ( often chinese or from ex-ussr countries ) workers and investments . 
  because having a state at all in the world that uses nukes to get their right is a danger to everyone . 
  it 's as if everyone is playing with paintball guns but 1 player has a real gun . 
  it 's in everyones interests to destroy the person with the real gun , before it destroys you . 
  secondly the use of nukes would probably lead to a economic disaster for the country using it , and a shitload of opposition from many people in the country itself . 
  there is 6,4 million people living in east-siberia , there are 100 million chinese living in the border regions of the area . 
  only a promille of china 's overpopulated populated have to '' decide '' to live in siberia and china will have a majority there . 
  nuke 's will do you no good . 
  the moment a country uses one it can expect some used on them . 
  they are like suicidebombs . 
  the danger is not the guarrillas hiding in the mountains , the danger are the unhappy chechens living in the area & the chechens fighting in civil wars around the islamic world now . 
  i would assume this is partly because of the high numbers of somali \u00b4 s going there , which are some of the worst statistically , in the netherlands atleast , to have as immigrants . 
  in the netherlands there is plenty of data they are some of the worst immigrants to have . . 
  besides that there are parts of somalia that are considered safe even to go on vacation to , other parts though are dangerous . 
  i do not support a federal eu . 
  but , we need the eu to protect us against external superpowers , we need to prevent a federal eu to protect us and other superpowers from the eu . 
  i agree with most you say ( albeit i not support a federal union ) , but , the last argument is silly . 
  | being against the eu is like being against the sun . 
  same could be said in any situation , same with slavery , same with genocides , same with the british empire , same with any bloody thing . 
  you can apply this reasoning to anything you would wish to argue for , it simply is a bad argument . 
  which country are you from ? 
  the netherlands and scandinavia have some of the best functioning democraties of the world . 
  sure we have our problems but other countries are worse . 
  who says we can not trade without it ? 
  we managed to do just that without it . 
  there is also a growing sentiment also among bussiness owners that the eu does not help them in trade . 
  due to implementation of legislation that will cost them more time and money to follow them while much they consider unneccesarily . 
  just realise this : these poorer , corrupter and worse of countries vote on matters that concern our small country , how can you expect a better netherlands when we will be lead by these countries politicians they already screw up in their own countries ? 
  so how much power should you transfer to the eu from the netherlands ? 
  if trade deals are all there is we should n't transfer much power - and yet we do . 
  i used to agree , now i have come to the understanding that spanish , italian and romanian etc politicians will also have a say on our legislation which i deem as ver negative . 
  [ trouw.nl '' bijna helft jonge christenen is ` neofundamentalist ' ] ( http://www.trouw.nl/tr/nl/5091/religie/article/detail/3643343/2014/04/28/bijna-helft-jonge-christenen-is-neofundamentalist.dhtml ) the report is from the scp ( sociaal cultureel plan bureau ) . 
  there have been reports larely that the muslim youth are n't the only ones getting more extremist in the netherlands , the young christians are as well . 
  an estimated 95 % of the native population died due to eurasian diseases roaming the mostly low ( compared to europe at the time for example ) populated continent ( the mexico & texas area was a bit more populated ) . 
  there is probably also the reason why there are so many mestizo ( mixed european and native ) there . 
  europeans did n't treat the native 's well at all do n't get me wrong , but to speak of mass genocide is too much . 
  amusingly the latest generations of muslims are getting more religious in the netherlands . 
  annihilated due to disease and then their land taken over by mass immigration from a very populated europe ? 
  well the islam is a little bit more extreme then judaism or christianity , ca n't ignore that . 
  it 's slightly easier to find excuses for violence in the quran then in the bible . 
  not all religions are same , jainism for example is pretty peacefull religion , probably one of the only ones that exist . 
  first part about the farmers are partly true , but he 's underestimating the power of the buyers . 
  which is huge . 
  my apologies , i have always understood my own country ( netherlands ) and to a lesser extent the eu being one of the front runners of health and safety & environmental legislation . 
  my own sources on that would be food politics by marion nestle that gave me the impression that medicine as well as food is more tightly regulated in europe , other things that i have seen in documentaries on for example fracking ( no not that one biased docu but one made by the well respected public broadcast ) is that chemicals used by companies are often bussiness secrets in the us while chemical use is strictly regulated in the eu . 
  would be wonderfull if you could provide me some sources . 
  sure there are many types of certificates . 
  however there are a few biggest ones and most of the different types have much in common . 
  project 1012 pretty much says get rid of the red light district because it 's '' crime '' . 
  if it does then sure , but there is also how the legislation is followed . 
  i have seen first hand that the netherlands is pretty tough in following it 's rules while even a country like france you can buy large amounts of concentrated pesticides without the proper legislation ( the rules are there but they are n't followed as closely ) you might for example have an ethiopean company exporting runner beans to the eu with quality systems such as global gab and organic label , but the rules in the country will rarely be enforced while at the same time you can practically buy any chemical you want there . 
  aye , i 'm not sure either , but i will probably go for the last one . 
  alright granted in this case it can still be shipped , however organic just means some certain pesticides were not used , these however are not proven to be any better then the conventional ones ( often it 's the opposite ) it only means they are not synthetic . 
  and then still lots of organic products still contain the pesticides that were not allowed in the first place ( especially imported from foreign countries ) , i forgot the europeans agency 's name but it released a report recently . 
  nope , it just means some certain pesticides were not used , these however are not proven to be any better then the conventional ones ( often it 's the opposite ) it only means they are not synthetic . 
  and then still lots of organic products still contain the pesticides that were not allowed in the first place , i forgot the europeans agency 's name but it released a report recently . 
  same thing is happening in the netherlands , the policitians have decided to make the '' wallen '' into a fashion street and want to get rid of all the hookers . 
  in utrecht they closed down the entire prositution area after reports of human trade , when researches actually went after the claims the politicians made they found they did not exist . 
  the politicians lied so that they could destroy this area and throw the prosititudes in an un-protected and unsafe environment where human trade actually is applied a lot more . 
  because as long as you ban something you do n't like it will just go away / s, 
  organic means very little , it does n't say it was n't sprayed and it does n't say anything about the fuel or energy used in production . 
  this is why free trade will not work when one country has way tougher environmental and health & safety rules that make the production costs far higher then in countries without it . 
  us dutchies actually voted against the referendum ; o, 
  so why is the traditional female role still so much around ? 
  i mean what happened after and during communism that caused this ? 
  first paragraph contradicts your first part about how there will be less jobs . 
  besides nowhere did i say i was against immigration pers\u00e9 or said it was in the genes , just that it is an issue and that debate ( read : also accepting the negative aspects , and not condemning it as racist ) is important , especially concerning different groups with different cultures and education levels . 
  second paragraph , plendid i will try to do some research on it . 
  3rd paragraph , tell her to talk to some polish immigrants preferbly married to a dutch person . 
  these will know where and what the language courses are the best and what the cost and subsidies might be . 
  had a polish ex and went through some of the same problems with language courses , there is a huge difference in quality of the courses given in different colleges or cities . 
  this is your argument ? 
  fuck it and let it be ? 
  is it not smarter to hald immigration then seeing as we no longer need more people , even the opposite , it just means having to care for more people when the times that will be coming will be hard as it is ? 
  anyway it 's not a stupid debate 20 % of netherlands population is not ethnic dutch all in a spawn of 50 years or , it has created some social unrest . 
  many of these groups score far higher in crime , more often have no jobs , and are more likely to receive benefits . 
  while other groups do much better , so you ca n't blame socio-economic differences here , it 's culture . 
  yet other groups get absorbed in the culture and gene pool and leave their cultural influence on it . 
  seen some in lelystad and almere just some weeks ago . 
  could you please give some examples on your dealings ? 
  especially those that changed your mind . 
  there is the romanian stereotype of beggars on the streets , and the stereotype of romanian van come in the country empty and go out full of stuff . . 
  i would say it has been decreasing , atleast that 's the feeling i get within my cirles , at the same time we do joke about it , but we also joke about belgiums being stupid . 
  do realise we received loads of poorly educated poles that spoke little to no english , german or dutch . 
  so to that extent it might actually be a little true . 
  with better english and dutch this should dissappear further . 
  positive sides is that they are known as hard workers , fun people that like to have fun and like to drink , the women considered are dating material ( unsure about the males ) with quite some dutch-polish relationships & marriages i believe the number of dutch-polish marriages are even higher then the morrocan and turkish combined even though these groups are far more numerous . 
  from what i heard there also seem to be a lot of poles grabbing the oppertunity to learn dutch , so much infact that i heard the language courses are full of poles while other ethnicities are more likely to bail . 
  negative sides are that they are considered to be very cheap labour , with many ( unlike the uk for example ) that only work here temporarely and have a house with children in poland or saving up money for it . 
  this also means they live cheap in the netherlands , want to work very long hours and are more eager to work under shitty conditions . 
  and well that does n't fit well with the people who 's jobs they are competing with , is this fair competition ? 
  other thing is the drunk and the driving , in some area 's there are already problems with youth drinking way too much but atleast we have had some campaigning creating social awareness about drunk driving the last decades , this sadly is still is missing a lot in the poles atm ( plenty of accidents caused by drunk poles in the region here ) theft in the cities has gone down , but theft on the once very safe rural area 's has gone up and most of it is going east , so people blame the ex-ussr countries which poland happens to be one of . 
  do remember crime has gone down in poland , and we are probably receiving some of the folks who caused . 
  we generally get low-educated poles here with more students in the summer . 
  so it 's generally positive i think , although we do like to joke about the poles but we also joke about belgiums , germans etc etc do n't confuse this with hate or anything like it . 
  unbelievable , this is the new modern way of war . 
  limit freedom of speech and make sure you let people preach your cause and by the religious , news papers and television . 
  does n't matter if it 's true or not , just if it 's enough to get people moving . 
  next step is to make sure you deploy secret agents in the region and create groupsof locals , or let them create themselves spontaniously , that will help your cause .
