  it 's a drama how the left is destroying themselves , i kinda liked the welfare state . 
  get the labor force up , destroy social capital so any kind of welfare state is impossible = profit . 
  also a nice comment in that thread :  [ -- ] popcorn-tastes-good 9 points 1 day ago  that 's because reddit is full of pro-saudi propaganda designed to make people forget that the royal family is the primary force behind the global funding and promotion of salafism , the ultra-conservative strain of islam which openly advocates for chattel slavery and is the ideological basis of the taliban , al qaeda , and isis . 
   additionally , they would have you forget that saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy anti-thetical to democracy which uses violence and torture to crush pro-democracy movements in neighboring countries such as it did in bahrain in 2011 . aka , the people are even worse then the government ? 
  lovely . 
  but without mentioning the royal family is still one of the biggest financiers of salafism world-wide . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisian_languages  the frisian dialects are the closest living languages to english , after scots . 
  however , modern english and frisian are unintelligible to each other . 
  + family reunion . 
  can you really not grasp that that is an invitation ? 
  no it 's not a facebook invite but to a syrian/iraqi or any other middle easterner syrian-imposter that wants to move to germany it means they wo n't be sent back if they reach germany . 
  thus it 's an invitation that they are welcome and wo n't be sent away , easy no ? 
  chicken or the egg , they could be under-educated due to religious reasons ( anti science or not an educational upbringing ) and thus commit more crime . 
  why do some families step out of poverty ? 
  why do some immigrant groups commit more crime then others ? 
  why do some immigrant groups stay under-educated even after generations ? 
  the answer is : yes . 
  people from an immigration back-ground are more likely to be over represented in crime statistics as well as welfare etc. 
  how much depends on the immigrants back ground in which culture and education has a big background . 
  here 's something really interesting : https://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/3jz1dm/us_embassy_cable_from_2008_now_seems_prescient/, 
  dat is zeer interessant !, 
  excellent !, 
  do consider an official ama  but here are my questions : i have been following the syrian civil war for quite a long time now and know all the factions , ethnic groups , religious groups , etc etc so i will be asking some questions related to that as well . 
  first off : how was it ? 
  what were your first impressions ? 
  why did you volunteer ? 
  how did they behave ? 
  are they happy now ? 
  how educated were they ? 
  what was the male/women ratio ? 
  do they see a future in syria or europe ? 
  do you personally have faith they will integrate well in a short time or might they end up as the next lower class in europe ? 
  which faction do they support , and do they intend to help them in any way ? 
  any final thing you wish to say ? 
  thanks !, 
  could you do an ama afterwards ? 
  i hugely interested . 
  you realize every country in history has been fucked up by some other country , or fucked up some other country ? 
   mate , when people say '' ~ ~ people ~ ~ neo-nazi 's commit crimes because they are fed up '' they are n't saying that we should n't persecute them for their crimes , they are saying we should try to solve the underlying problem of that community - ~ ~ poverty ~ ~ immigration . 
  do you understand the hypocrisy now ? 
  he can go to the homeless shelter any time to get free meals , he can go to a food bank any time as well , he can go dumpster diving any day the same way many youngers do these days . 
  he wanted the fucking cookies and he stole it . 
  it 's because whenever i argue that culture has a big influence on criminal behavior i 'm always heavily downvoted on the sub because it 's not because of culture or personal responsebility , it 's because they poor . 
  usually by the folks that usually are pro-immigration . 
  this idea extremely common in all social sciences and politics . 
  so i took this chance to show the hypocrisy to what is essentially the same argument . 
  nobody steals to have something to eat in western europe . 
  ah , meant without the immigration the wage would probably go up . 
  oh and please do note that i never protected the actions of these folks , it 's hidious . 
  lovely how you do n't have any argument here . 
  just say it 's all bull and ignore it . 
  next time you hear the typical socio-economic criminal argument for crime , just please use this comment :  are you kidding me ? 
  you actually found a way to blame `` leftists '' rather than the actual cause of the problem , dumb cunts like yourself . 
  they do n't have any impact due to a minimum wage , without the minimum would probably go up as the economy grows . 
  these cheap sources of labor do not pay any taxes and there is plenty of legal unemployed that will . 
  they are unwanted and unneeded . 
  it 's the same arguments the left always uses when stating poor people commit crimes because they are poor , and when certain ( aka cultural causes ) immigrants groups commit more crime because they poor . 
  no personal responsibility there , yet this argument is all over this sub ? 
  it 's the same arguments the left always uses when stating poor people commit crimes because they are poor , and when certain ( aka cultural causes ) immigrants groups commit more crime because they poor . 
  no personal responsibility there , yet this argument is all over this sub ? 
  it 's the same arguments the left always uses when stating poor people commit crimes because they are poor , and when certain ( aka cultural causes ) immigrants groups commit more crime because they poor . 
  no personal responsibility there , yet this argument is all over this sub ? 
  we have that law already . 
  and fucking seriously , read up on isis . 
  not a single person that has joined it should be allowed back . 
  konigsberg should be independent if anything , left to it 's own and probably a future more it 's neighboring countries instead of isolated . 
  it should not belong to germany . 
  the only german things left are their skeletons in the soil and the buildings they ones build and inhabited . 
  and before that it was inhabited by german tribes that went on to conquer the roman empire . . 
  does n't make it polish or german . 
  it does make it a piece of land where for a large part german was the majority before ww2 ( danzig , stettin , breslau , konigsberg etc ) . 
  but it does n't matter , it belongs to history now . 
   these refugees are fleeing war and heinous poverty , they fled the war when entering turkey , thus no longer are refugees when they reach greece but rather economic immigrants . 
  he joined a terrorist group , one that wreaks havoc among all of the population of syria and iraq . 
  one that murders , destroys heritage , holds slaves , enacts sharia law , tortures , abducts , ransoms every bloody thing that ought to be punished severely . 
  do you have any fucking idea what this group does in syria ? 
  seriously ?!, 
  the world is not a disney movie . 
  in the law it is allowed to abolish ones citizenship if fighting for a foreign fighting force , especially a terrorist one . 
  fuck him , he went to syria to wage jihad by joining a terrorist group that out fucking does al quada . 
  he derserved to have his passport revoked and thrown out of the country . 
  thanks !, 
  and that 's just damned depressing . . you participated in the protests ? 
  excellent thank you !, 
  tragedy of the commons . . what a species we are . 
  horrible , and horrible article , how can you write an article like that without wanting to know why the hell they are being killed ? 
  does anyone know ? 
  dutch , , netherlands , lowlands , holland , amsterdam , shitty lill country , swamp germans . 
  somehow we have convinced the entire world to know us by a number of completely different sounding names . 
  it 's awesome . 
  pakistan islam is very similar to salafism . . 
  [ just read this . . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protestant_work_ethic ), 
  seriously , have i still not been clear enough ? 
  ca n't you just re-read what i said so you perhaps will understand it ? 
  it 's not always , but in this case it kick started it . 
  and it reaped the results of it . 
  this is where the trend started , others later copied it . 
  get a big literate population trying to find truth or in one way or another ( many branches or protestantism erupted ) and you harvest what thy seed . 
  i ca n't find the source atm , however the main things on which the renaissance peaked in the italy was with the arts . 
  in northern europe is was scientific discoveries .
