  * genetic engineering in agriculture * - based on fear , most have n't bothered to wiki search for it and mainly got their information from biased sources . 
  in europe there hardly are any gmo crops . 
  nor is there research that found the technique bad for health or anything like that . 
  oh btw , [ cisgenesis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cisgenesis ) and transgenenis , personally i support cisgenesis without to much legislation , since more legislation means only big companies can affort to bring out gmo crops and effectively controll the entire market for a crop . 
  * feeding hormones/medicine to animals ( usually forbidden but mostly ignored ) * - well you have said it , it 's mostly very well regulated or forbidden . 
  there is quite a use of antibiotics though , but i also remember reading somewhere the type they use is n't regularly used on humans . 
  oh and as if animals should n't deserve medicine when their sick . . regulation on animal wellfare also help preventing disease . 
  breeding of animals should focus a bit more on their strength rather then production though . 
  look , ukraine is a big country , with lots of people , with a bad economy , governed by ex-sovjets and owned by oligarchs who are protected and supported by russia . 
  all the while the eu is in the midst of bad economic growths and a disconnect between it 's people and it 's leaders in a not very democratic eu leadership . 
  while we already have allowed poorer eastern european countries who still have big challenges ahead for themselves and for us in their own corruption and economy . 
  we are dealing with enough shit as it is , and having to play a game of thrones with russia , over a country which population in itself is pretty dam divided what they want themselves , is pretty hard at the moment and focussing on our own problems , now or at any time is more important then what happens over the borders . 
  have any good ideas what to do about ukraine now then ? 
  [ eefje de visser ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr9l856ol1c ) she 's even better live , great voice nice lyrics . 
  this counts for most area 's , * \u00d6tzi * the iceman also still had relatives living in the same valley he was found in austria . 
  cultural assimilation seems to the most important thing though rather then blood . 
  if this was the reason given the provinces limburg , brabant and part of gelderland should have been added to flanders , being historically mainly catholic . 
  baby steps . . , 
  i 'm going to make some generalisations , please understand that in no means what i 'm saying is the absolute truth for every person of the groups , nor are the things i 'm saying my opinion but rather my observations of the dutch and the immigrants , and some books on the subject . 
  the turks and moroccans were recruited in their home countries as temporary workers in the 60s , they came from often rural area 's and were especially picked for a low education so that they would n't make trouble . 
  they did n't made trouble indeed , and they decided to stay as well . 
  but their children finding themselves in a new progressive western country that distrusted them a bit , being raised with more conservative and a lot less education pressure from their peers created a bit more trouble and thus have as a group higher crime rates , lower educaton ( with poor skill in dutch and tent to keep to themselves ( discrimination is also a cause of this ) resulting in self segregation . 
  there is also some other cultural habits that do n't fit well , such as the high honor , making it difficult to accept failure and they are seen as a bit aggresive ( a big news item lately was the death of a socces referee kicked to death by morrocan and turkish soccer players , when they did n't agree with him , from what i have heard though is that this kind of violence was also very common with dutch people some decennia 's ago ) for a company hiring a person which is more likely to commit crimes and have worse work ethic ( nordic work ethic ) . 
  there is also a lot of prejudice , the annoying thing is way to often is confirmed because the groups do tent to do more crimes and are more easily distinguesed due to their appearance , for most people any more brown pigmented person are seen as a turk or a morrocan which can include other groups like roma . 
  then there is also a tendensy i have noticed where criminal acts of morrocan and turkish youth is passed off by their elders as just being kids causing a teedlybit light hearted trouble . 
  you will see the hatred a lot less in other immigrant groups , i guess the turks and morrocans are seen as betrayers of our tolerance , the feeling is they are not integrated ( which i believe people want too far , dutch culture by no means is perfect and has it 's flaws , the same counts for morrocan and turkish culture ) . 
  the hatred offcourse does n't help and only results to more self-segregations of these groups . 
  the high crime rate and self-segregation in turn also does n't help and will also only result in more bad feelings towards these groups . 
  it 's a circle of hate and both groups have to change for it to become better . 
  but again , you wo n't find this hatred this much for the other immigrant groups . 
  ha , try living somewhere else :p, 
  tbh , they are pretty good at what they do . 
  the one moment your steering jet engines on wheels with extreme speeds on bendy tracks covered with more jet engines on wheels , and the next moment you retired from that and then hit your head while skiing . . how awfully peculiar life is . . 
  the muslims in russia have a growing population , the other russians mostly a declining one . 
  i remember reading somewhere it had a lot to do with the strict teaching of no alcohol etc in islam . 
  considering russia has a huge drinking problem i can imagine some non-muslim russian people finding their salvation with islam . . 
  awesome did n't have enough time to do that route , did go through spiti valley  all the indians in india told me not to give any money to beggars for the same reason . 
  saw some bbc documentary about it recently about gypsy beggars in england . 
  apparently they work like a mafia trafficing people to the cities where they are provided with basic shelter and then forced to beg for money all day long , the money then goes back to the home countries such as romania where they build enormous gypsy villa 's in otherwise very impoverished villages . 
  there is no shame to it , children are used even babies to create pity . 
  so why do they do it ? 
  well it 's really profitable . . like really profitable , a good beggar can make a lot more then a normal person working for a day . 
  now consider only a fraction has been released yet . . 
  you forget the constant warfare among themselves , and constant slave raids from the arabic world . 
  for all the folks that fear we become extinct . 
  [ here is a population density map of earth ] ( http://cdn.all-that-is-interesting.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/world-population-density-map.jpg ) . 
  we in europe as it is already have a huge population density , especially considering this map shows europe a lot bigger then it actually is . 
  halve of earths population lives in east asia . 
  do n't forget that some centuries ago europeans brought some nicely bred eurasian diseases to the isolated america 's and australia and new zealand and little part of south africa . 
  which pretty much annihilated the native population and ended up with europeans colonising those area 's ( granted the colonisers went on destroying and raping the remaining native population ) resulting in a far bigger european foodprint then ever before . 
  one thing we might be forgetting is disease . 
  it will only be a matter of time before the next big mutated super disease evolves and in a faster pace then everbefore ( airlines ) wreaks havoc among earth . 
  we might have adopted some hygiene practices and medicine that has limited an outbreak untill now , but with the huge population we have today and the huge amount of livestock we breed these days it only takes time . 
  the message that did reach them were those of bias information and malpratices of companies in the us . . damn difficult to repair those things . 
  i have to add that many of these refugees are also christian making 10 to 11 % of the countries population and are often the victims of rape , hostage , blackmail etc of the very salafist rebels which now make up 50 % + of the total rebel force . 
  there was a story that some syrian christian refugees came to germany , and were subsequently harrassed by sunni syrian refugees , they finally had to move to another place due to all the bullying . . if anything , these people deserve priority since they have a way bigger chance ending up as victims in an increasingly sectarian war in syria , and in surrounding countries in refugee camps . 
  fracking still has a lot of potential in europe right ? 
  indeed , the idea was that the companies would set up their own controll laboratories , which would be tested randomly by the government . 
  did n't quite work out that way . 
  together with really low punishments in both jailtime and fines there were some companies that magically made low value horse meat to high value cow meat . 
  still the meat probably still is more trustworthy then any foreign meat , there are n't many countries that so intensely test their food products as the netherlands . 
  privatisation is neither good nor bad , but depends entirely on what you privatise . 
  congratulations baltics & balkan . 
  i hate this argument , just because it is worse in some other country does n't mean it should n't be made better in this country , and it surely does n't mean you should just stop wining about it . 
  even having a america that is a little corrupt has gigantic influences on the rest of the world . 
  interesting thanks !, 
  how strong is the movement there ? 
  and the harsh g only is there in the north ( - west ) , in south ( below the rhine ) it begins to look more like a soft g which is also heard in flemish . 
  even in the eastern provinces the g they tent to pronounce the g less . 
  and then you also have the sch , in which you also use a strong gutteral sound , in my dialect in the north-west we do n't even use it , we pronounce it as sk , which makes school sound like you would pronounce it in english . 
  the netherlands are also cut throught the middle on that , much of limburg , brabant , gelderlanda and even holland is more catholic . 
  i 'm sure they look forward to this , [ http://loldutchpeople.nl/] ( http://loldutchpeople.nl/ ), 
  the importance of protestant or catholic is dissappearing fast . 
  i have the pleasure of going to school with hollanders , friesen , groningers , drentenaren , brabanders , zeeuwen and limburgers . 
  then you have all the major immigrant groups , turkish , morrocans , indo 's , poles and surinamers ( all of which are quite divided as well ) the differences within our little shitty country are amazing . 
  everything below the rhine already comes closer to flanders . 
  if they reach the eu 's standards sure why not . 
  if this will happen though is a difficult question . 
  the country is dead poor , corrupt like hell , unequality is enormous so that the top 50 ukraine oligarchs controll 85 % of it 's gdp . 
  cultural values have to change a lot to come even close to the eu 's culture - if it does n't and we keep accepting very conservative countries in the eu the eu will be making conservative legislation based upon irrational fears and old religious ideas we might see the same anti gay stuff we see in russia . 
  the battle for western values is still very far from over in the west as it is , it is only starting in the east and south we mus n't go backwards . 
  if we accept more corrupt , unequal and poor countries the eu as a whole becomes more like it , and since they have voting rights we might all become as well . 
  i do see hope for it 's good soil and food producing capabilities , but here corruption and unequality again pays a big role . 
  the whole idea that ukraine has rented out 15 % ( ? ), 
  of it 's soil to china , gives an image that the land is not well distributed and controlled by a few people . 
  quite depressing that communisms end has resulted like this . . 
  that 's disturbing . . did not expect this . 
  thanks . 
  so there are protests in kiev , how about other cities in ukraine ? 
  there are a lot of translators working for police , they have plenty of experience with east-europeans . 
  with legalisation also comes controll and further information given to the workers which can further seek them out . 
  never said forced prostitution was not victimless , prostitution is victimless . 
  forced is as i also said in my comment . 
   because that is not already the case , right ? 
  i do n't know if you realize it , but many prostitutes in the netherlands are eastern europeans who do n't even speak our language and ca n't seek any help if they want to . 
  many , but far from all . 
  but so are many many employees in the netherlands so i do n't see your point - are you implying all those employees can also not seek any help ? 
  and they can certainly find help , you know why ? 
  because it 's legalised and their profession is not punishable , is the police dealing with these actions the way they should be ? 
  well , no local governments ( and banks and tax agencies in a lesser extent ) are doing everything they can to make live for a prostitute a hell and that has it 's consequences .
