  ** ethnic dutch share that view , even though more of them see the returning syria-fighters as potential terrorists , from whom the dutch passport should be taken . '', 
  isis ( isil ) actually is financed by saudi arabia , which are wahabi 's . . 
  most muslims in europe follow the sunni branch of islam , wahabism is part of that same branch . 
  much like how calvanism and lutherians are both protestant groups . 
  there are many sunni 's that indeed support jihad , this does not make them instant wahabi 's however . 
  where that line between regular sunni vs wahabism is however . . well who knows . 
  nowadays this is true but this was not so a year or more ago , keep in mind the us got very close to invading or placing an air ban in syria and there is also foreign interests where politicians would want to portray the rebels as moderates as long as they fulfill those interests . 
  foreign islamists mainly flock to isil who is fighting everybody else , including al nusra , which is an extremist group of a about the same size with almost only syrians in it . 
  if is bigger then isil and nusra and is also mainly composed of syrians . 
  the opposite also is true , because extremist groups did not get funding they pretented to be moderates to get funding . 
  ( murica is still secretly funding the '' ` moderate groups '' which are actually quite extreme ) many of the extremist actually left the '' moderate groups '' because they were to moderate , and too ineffective in fighting and joined the more extremist groups . 
  after that the '' moderate '' groups got fucked by both the regime and the extremist groups and today the real moderates have basically dissapeared by hopping over to the regime or destroyed by other sides . 
  the once moderate fsa still exists but are just a loose collection of rebel groups which are pretty extreme in their views anyway while also being pretty corrupt . 
  they are also pretty insignificant on the battlefield , it being small groups that mainly defend their own territory . 
  if or islamic front is pretty extreme in their views , lots of fsa groups and other rebel groups joined this new group they are more effective then fsa but also struggeling against the more extremist groups such as al nusra and isil , and the regime at the other side . 
  lets call the creature by it 's name . 
  the muslim extremists as of today follow the religious branch of salafism/wahabism as called in the western world , in the arab world they usually go by the name takfiri . 
  it 's this streaming that follows a literal interpretation of the quran ( at least they claim it does , it 's probably just cherry picking parts while ignoring other more peacefull ones ) . 
  it has gotten popular in the last decades at a time where many countries in the arab world have gotten more conservative after the abolition of colonal rule . 
  it 's usually popular in rural area 's or urban area 's where lots of rural folks have moved to after lots of population growth . 
  it 's the state religion of saudi arabia which subsequently spents millions financing mosques all over the world together with their own imams preaching the salafist doctrine . 
  the muslim immigrants in european countries , often from a rural and poor education background ( and continue to be ) , are especially prone following this branch . 
  in the netherlands it 's estimated 8 % of the morrocan are adherents to this branch , while the other big muslim group the turks are far less likely to follow this branch . 
  this is partly because the government in the 80s communicated through these immigrants group through mosques , encouraging learning their own languages and maintaining their own culture and religion ( basically promoting self-segregation ) . 
  this was the idea of multiculturalism at the time which now has changed more to the idea integrating . 
  another reason the turks are less inclined to follow wahabism is because the turkish government spent a lot of money on the turks living in europe to maintain their turkishness and so also build mosques supplied with turkish imams . 
  while the morrocan government did nothing and let the vacuum be filled by the gulf countries . 
  the effects are probably strenghtened by being in a completely different country with a different culture and losing their own culture while feeling not welcome in the new one ( discrimination , which might has been caused by crime and self-segregation in the first place considering other immigrants with brown and black skin color face a lot less discrimination , oh well ) . 
  also consider children of the turks and morrocans came later having been raised in their home country by their mother and later be transferred to the netherlands by their working fathers . 
  indeed , yet they are . 
  and the reason why the said country is a poor-as-fuck shithole is partly explained by culture including everything from parenting to money handling , now coming here they probably are going to be bringing some of the negative parts of their culture with them which is going to create some extra friction , the greater the number the greater the friction and problems integrating . 
  now back to the first point , why it is that we should allow mass immigration from countries that are cultural very distant from us and hard to integrate , which offer us little benefit ( in the case of somali 's ) and ultimately might cost us a lot instead , while at the same time parts of the said country are completely safe and prosperous and neighbouring countries are as well ? 
  what exactly makes us responsible ? 
  personally i do n't mind immigration that much , even mass immigration , however we have to take into account the culture , education and numbers ( 10 % or so foreign born to me seems like a reasonable limit , considering they are often also of fertile age ) and make wise decisions so that it could benefit both party 's . 
  and mass automatisation reduces low-skilled jobs . 
  depends entirely on the cultural/ethnic group from which the immigrants derive , educated immigrants lift the educational level , uneducated lower it guess where the refugees belong to ? 
  the poles generally make the best immigrants as far as ( as recent big immigrants group goes ) , integration , education and work ethnic go and lift the avarage for the immigrants up considerable . 
  the somali 's are for now the worst immigrant group there is lowering the avarage . 
  pownews ( and geenstijl ) has some of the worst , and some of the best quality of journalism in the netherlands . 
  it plays with the extremes . 
  fighting facism with more facism , how lovely . 
  regardless of being in the eu or not these are good idea 's . 
  not surprised , yet it 's easy to claim turkey and baghdad support kurdish autonomy because they do n't . 
  barzani is pressured not to support the ypg . 
  there are indeed kurdish groups in the fsa and if however these are minor groups compared to the ypg which at this moment could be considered as one of the major groups in the syrian conflict which have behaved extremely humane compared to the regime and rebels while even gaining territory when all other groups fight or have fought against them . 
  i have been following the conflict quite closely , and really the ypg are the only ones left that still deserve some respect or support for the way they have governt and defended their territory . 
  the turks only have been supportive in this on the iraqi kurds because of money , meanwhile in syria the turks are actively supporting the rebels that fight against the ypg ( syrian kurds ) there . 
  they have even gotten the iraqi kurds as far to not officially support the syrian kurds because pressure from turkey . . ca n't imagine baghdad is supportive , the autonomous kurdistan does n't include all majority kurdish area 's and baghdad is n't willing to let that go , meanwhile the peshmerga ( kurdish army ) also has placed troops in kirkuk now which is a 50/50 city which used to be majority kurdish untill arabafication policies that went on in syria as well , where arabs where sent to places where kurds live to make them a minority . 
  i voted yes , and no not for the pvv . 
  i 'm no longer playing , thing is some tougher sentences or punishments in some fields together with more focus on increasing chance of being caught might help bring crime down . 
  especially on the small crimes as they as research suggests do serve as a stepping stone to more crime if they are not stopped . 
  many criminals laugh about dutch punishments , especially for the small crimes like stealing a bike and especially foreign criminals who are used to really tough punishments . 
  then there are the punishments on things like food safety , fraud and corruption , the meat processors did not make a loss with the whole horse-meat affair . 
  the gains are so high compared to the cost of the cost of the punishment ( especially with the low chance of being caught after the government privitized the labrotories testing food safety in the last decade ) . 
  more to the point , i said playing by the devils advocate because i wanted to ask questions , especially after placing tougher crimes on the far-right which generally is seen as the bad or evil side . 
  it 's to easy to silence debate on things by calling it far-right as is done on this forum far too often . 
  reality is always more complicated and some crimes in the netherlands are punished way to harsh ( anything car related ) but others might be too low . 
  indeed focus should be prevention , but does this means deterrence does not work at all ? 
  would n't it be better to apply both ? 
  just for playing the devils advocate , how is this far right ? 
  jup , yet socialist is usually called left and free market right , the terms are shitty . 
  and again this hitler bullshit , not everything the nazi 's did was bad . 
  indeed , that still does n't mean he 's far right though . 
  the party 's views are socialist if they follow up on that is a different question . 
  oh and the pvv hardly has a monopoly on completely disregarding the views they promoted and got voted on earlier . 
  left and right are just shitty descriptions of politics , the pvv is a hugely socialist almost going as far as the sp . 
  it is a lot more nationalistic and anti-immigration and euro-sceptic which makes him immidiately a far right racist it 's a reaction seen with all politicians that is trying to touch '' taboo '' subjects . 
  a shame really . 
  do n't forget the minder minder incident , can imagine it cost them a lot of votes . 
  it 's the only benefit of immigration as a whole to these countries , there is plenty supply of low educated people which will only grow with more automatization . 
  | the immigration is an addition to the culture , that depends entirely on the cultural group . 
  cultural baggage van be anywhere from negative to positive . 
  preferbly the negative is rooted out and the positive strengthened but this does n't always work in this way . 
  if immigration goes to far in number from some immigrant groups with little integration due to self segregation we even have the chance to loose some very beneficial parts of our culture . 
  sure , it can work and can make life better for the worse off countries and life worse for the better off countries . 
  i do n't want to destroy the eu or completely abandon it , i just want my little shitty country to not be part of a federal europe and retain relative independence or autonomy to take care of ourselves . 
  nigel actually fended off the critisism quite well here , especially well considering the whining interfearing questions of james . 
  the bias of james is quite saddening , worrying about the use of english language and the quality , worrying about certain groups of immigrants that are less inclined to be beneficial to the country , worrying about european politicians ruling over england suddenly is anti-european and racist it 's appalling . 
  and since when did having a german wife and bilingual children while opposing a federal eu become hypocritical i do n't see this point ? 
  btw , he 's against boundless mass immigration , not immigration as a whole !, 
  i disagree with many of nigels views but god damnit this is just bloody childish this black and white thinking and personal attacks . 
  the thousands if not tens of thousand facebook and google like start-ups did . 
  besides this was a nice sector in the making yet to be filled with larger companies . 
  the older sectors are heavily concentrated in a few corperations which control most if not all of the market which is continued by patents that overreach their their original goal and the buying of start-ups . 
  belgium is half service/research economy like the netherlands ( flanders ) , half old out-competed industrial & mines ( walloon and northern tip of france ), 
  you should ask some people in my social circle that have been addicted to it or still are . 
  stop worshipping the fucking plant . 
  not even that , more people have tried smoking cannabis , yet less are addicted to it compared to other countries , that combined with good care for addicted people makes the semi-legalisation a succes , and makes cannabis not such a special drug compared to other countries . 
  it 's the tourists in amsterdam smoking it all . 
  argentina tried taking the falk islands other than that i ca n't think of any . 
  however , not many countries have done much invading in the last decades anyway . 
  as you said most of the wars in the cold war were proxy/civil wars ( and still are ) , for the exact reason that using nukes is suicide . 
  aye , good thing putin ai n't trapped . 
  and when he will be it wo n't be trapped by foreign countries but by the russian population and oligarchs themselves . 
  aye , assumed it was an english term as well . 
  it 's just a matter of speech though meaning that only a tiny tiny tiny part of china 's population is needed to create a majority . 
  same could be said for russia in ukrains situation now . 
  xinjang is 40 % han chinese these days , this is the game you can play when you have one of the highest populations of the planet . 
  if it explodes the uyghurs probably wo n't be on the winning side . 
  motive it more important here , other neighbouring countries are full of people , many people , and little resources .
