  you may pay them or support them in other ways such as food , gear or weapons . 
  when the time comes let them group up and create trouble . 
  first part is to protest and clash with the opposition , make sure you beat them out of the way and make them afraid to counter you and you do n't need a majority to accomplish anything . 
  be aggresive and make sure you have to be stopped by force . 
  this will only help to gather more regular folk that support your cause which then can use as a shield . 
  but whatever you do , do not use deadlyweapons . 
  because as long as you do not use deadly weapons you can play innocent and do anything you want , you can take over any building , beat up anyone and destroy as you wish . 
  scapegoating all the way and playing the self determination for the people card . 
  it 's also easier to do it in a corrupt country where you have a lot of anger towards the government already . 
  you can place your own favorable government , make trouble and get good deals , or annex parts of the country . 
  i 'm also sure ( this is looking at the track record of what the cia for example has done decades ago ) , that this has been going on for both sides . 
  free speech is a bitch , it 's important but also makes foreign propagand difficult to control . 
  the scale russia is doing it . . will it 's without shame . 
  it 's difficult to pick a side when it 's a corrupt government on the one side and more assholes on the other side . 
  if anything , this shows that the silent majority has to be more alert and eager to step in to show their will , i 'm afraid this kind of play will only become more common in the future . 
  amusingly , from what i heard the the first day shitload of people arrive from different nationalities . 
  when they have lessons the next week only the polish people are left , while the rest bail . 
  if they are in between jobs they have time to learn dutch . 
  simon ostrovsky , the reporter really is good and neutral . 
  it 's probably one of the best coverage of ukraine atm , good job vice . 
  it 's a socialist party with a '' far-right '' stance on immigration . 
  ( which used to be limit new arrivals , beware especially on islam and only recently called for less of one certain group ), 
  they were the first do die under eu flag ? 
  they are not in the eu not even close to it . 
  it 's a third world country in the middle of the eu , poorer and more corrupt then any of it 's neighbours . 
  it 's a shitty situation and putin aint helping making it better . . 
  same happened in crimea . . 
  everyone that does n't want a united states of europe is a right wing shithead ? 
  you must live a sheltered live , go out and speak to people , there is plenty of good reasons to be scepticle - and also , scepticle does n't mean people want no eu at all . 
  china has and is playing the same game russia was playing , which is exporting russians/han chinese to any place where there is another ethnic or cultural group living . 
  lhasa the tibitian capital is now 50 % han chinese , same goes for the uygur area 's . 
  the same is true for russia today , the tatars , mongols and finno groups almost nowhere are a majority anymore . 
  full amsterdam you mean , 
   without it , companies will turn our nations into some social darwinistic hellholes . 
  they will become our nations . 
  [ bbc documentary '' gypsy child thieves '' on youtube on the subject . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcnmkrwyaee ), 
  [ you should find this bbc documentary '' gypsy child thieves '' interesting , this is not an urban legend but well documented ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcnmkrwyaee ), 
  what i mean is , for a western country this wealthy it quite lacks behind compared to the other western countries . 
  even in the map you linked it lacks behind quite alot , actually having the same color as mexico . 
  it 's better then brazil yes , china yes , but that does n't make it right , america should do a lot better then this . 
  even with the corruption , as i said it is of a different nature , not getting arrested might not cost you 20 but not getting a jail sentence has a lot to do with money . 
  never said it was extremely bad , however compared to most other western countries it lacks behind . 
  wealth distribution is horrible in the us and corperations have a huge effect on the country . 
  it 's big bad grey bloth of corruption and not the obvious type which you see in the really corrupt countries . 
  it 's of a different nature , but equally disturbing . 
  then there is also the foreign politics of the us , well the us is a superpower and damn well behaves like one . 
  i do n't see the avarage voter having much influence on it . 
  i do n't understand why your downvoted since this is very true , plenty of research about it . 
  '' radicalized '' by that it usually means they have become followers of the saudi branch of islam called [ wahhabism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wahhabi_movement ) / salafism as it is named in the west . 
  in the arabic world they call them takfiri . 
  it 's a extreme version of islam , which can be justified with the quran in the same way the westboro baptist church can be justified with the bible . 
  it 's all in there you just have to cherry pick which parts you like and which parts you do n't . 
  one of the reasons is the saudi oil money that is used to sponsor islam in europe , building big mosques but also having influence what is preached . . 
  ha what a joker , the transniestra part is n't even under moldovan controll . 
  how further could he destabilize it ? 
  he might even stabilize it by taking that part leaving the rest of the country to finally take some steps towards the eu or romania . 
  lets just get it over with , those 500.000 ( corrupt ) russians wo n't suddenly loathe russia and love the eu . 
  i assume this is sarcasm , i do n't agree with wilders on these issues . 
  this comment however was directed at ikus13 . 
  whoose comment was not racist , but who jeanke81 claims it is . 
  the only reason why wilders has such a big fan base is because of the substrate created by the racist chanting by especially policitians that has been going on for decades , muting the discussion and thus not solving any of the problems in a nice way or addressing the concerns of the people . 
  i would say create a sub passport for about 5 years that new immigrants receive , which can be taken back when crimes get commited by the person , making the person unable to receive a dutch passport again . 
  and allow prison sentences reduced when a dutch pasport is discarded ( only if the person has dual citizenship ) and then rejects any right of social services from the country in the future . 
  any forced taking of dutch passports should be illigal . 
  same in the netherlands , they pulled this shit with fortuyn ( an actual very intelligent ( gay ) politician who 's predictions on many area 's not only immigration related have turned out to be right ) . 
  he was the murdered politician , murdered by a whitedutch extreme leftist . 
  anyhow , watching old debates of him you just get angry , all the politicians basically are bathmouthing him ignoring his arguments and go on to discredit his persona as being racist , while he was actually far from it , just trying to speak about it . 
  nothing happened after fortuyn , his party slowly dissapeared lacking a strong politician , for a decade more everyone who tried to raise the issue of immigration was again called a racist , nothing got done , nothing got solved , nothing got acknowledged . 
  this i believe has created the substrate on which wilders now is striving, 
  and that 's exactly the reason why these problems are existing . 
  the complete lack of willingness to talk about the issues and instead drawing the racist cart as a way to mute or discreted the person . 
  want to agree with you but i do n't , i also do n't agree with wilders but , morrocans often have low employment rates , more likely then dutch to live on social services . 
  there is also free language classes availible that are taken alot by groups like the polish . 
  work is a great place to learn the local language . 
  the schools are also places to learn well , and they are not exactly the worst schools around in the world . 
  many immigrant groups start in the same situation but do better ( especially asians ) . 
  in this case placing people in groups and looking at the numbers , the morrocans always are the lowest . 
  this while they live in a very socialistic country that offers them plenty of opportunities . 
  nahh no need the prinsenvlag is orange instead of the normal red , 
  we might settle with flanders , then we will just take the prinsenvlag and paint flanders lion on it . 
  we in west-friesland do not speak frisian and is located in north-holland , west-frisia is a different from the western part of friesland . 
   the local russian population is increasingly nervous . 
  the governor of primoskiy kray , yevgenii nazdratenko , on june 1 called for relocating 5 million russians from european russia to the far east . 
  well that 's interesting , perhaps a good solution to the high number of minority russians in the countries that still love russia and not their new motherland . 
  and perhaps kaliningrad ? 
  if putin would be smart he would support this , the coming economic hotspot in the world is east asia , russia ca n't play ball there without a higher population there . 
  from what i heard similar things happened with integration of new eu member states . 
  part of the demands were to privatice a many of the states assets . 
  has anyone got more information about this ? 
  or a good source of it ? 
  nobody has to do anything . 
  we can just sit back , relax and look how the russian economy goes to shambles . 
  putin has his oligarch 's on a tight leash but how much longer can he keep them there ? 
  this probably is as far putin can go without loosing control of his own country . 
  | i can only advice you to do the same , for if you do , you wo n't miss all the reports on how racist policemen deliberately target minorities such as the moroccan-dutch . 
  at least , is suppose you missed it , because otherwise you would n't be quoting the crime rates . 
  it 's like saying a fisherman is wrong fishing in the ponds where there is a lot of fish to catch . 
  cause/effect ? 
  what came first ?
