  what is done to make sure the wealthiest greeks ( who often have large amounts of money in foreign banks ) also pay their taxes ? 
  seeing the poor & middle class are the hardest hit through all of this ... 
  dutch : view on the dutch : like a sneaky well-meaning adolescent trying to find it 's own way just playing and screwing around trying not to care when the rest of the family is giving him weird looks flemish : like a brother that decided to live with the other parent when they divorced . 
  still a brother that deserves a hug but ya gon na ridicule him a little anyway for choosing the other parent . 
  german : like the big brother that has his shit together , a nice house , good job wife and children . 
  but too serious , we ca n't understand how he 's enjoying live like that , in turn they give us weird looks , shrugging and sighing all the time . 
  you ca n't live without him , but your never gon na admit it . 
  poland : you come over to visit and work , you have n't had a good past but the horizon looks bright . 
  you work hard , we work hard . 
  you like to drink , we like to drink . 
  but you drink vodka not beer . 
  danes : not sure if family , but in some strange way grown up in exactly the way we did . 
  like brothers from other mothers . 
  england : like the independent big guy who thought he could pick on us , then we hit him in the balls a couple of times , and he started isolating himself going his own way . 
  now he 's back but is still taking his distance . 
  it used to be a hate & love relationship , but now we 're are just not sure . 
  french : i think we just want to hate you , perhaps because we are as arrogant as you are . 
  rest of scandinavia ( lesser extent baltics ) you seem like folks we could get along with just fine , but your far away and only visit now and then . 
  1000 years of annoying the french by stephen clarke is an awesome book read it , has some pages with quotes as well : '' the best thing thing i know between france and england is the sea . 
  '' english is just badly pronounced french '' '' we are all american at puberty . 
  we die french '', 
  then again flanders feels more dutch then limburg does . 
  :( believe me i have tasted every fish i was ever offered but me mouth just does n't accept it !, 
  same with french beans , asparagus and soft cooked eggs . . my stomach protests vehemently . 
  could be but sure , i for one hate it and there 's hardly any fish left in the netherlands . 
  implying the dutch do not share this obsession  _ , 
  from what i have seen when i was there the woman have big breasts . 
  the younger folks are quite skinny while the older folks are quite fat . 
  could be the food which consists of the basics : meat , cheese and paprika or just genetically a tendency to gain weight a little faster . 
  good food , good people , bad politics should visit . 
  french woman : avarage looking when not smiling , gorgeous when smiling . 
  hmpp well regulations everywhere , taxes everywhere . 
  left party 's do n't know that you could harm the economies . 
  guilty until proven otherwise mentality towards company 's . 
  might all be bullshit but i 'm guessing these might be factors . 
  all the misunderstanding about this . . a ghetto made by the dutch goverment would probably be a darn better place to live then most of the area 's of europe . 
  the dutch criminal system is a little bit of a joke , we tent to give low punishments to the criminals in hope that they will pull their shit together while having social help try to talk with them to overcome their personal problems and in a large extent this helps . 
  some do others do n't , some people are more then eager to take advantage of the low punishments . 
  meanwhile in the eyes of much of the population we are treating the criminals like barbapappa calling for tougher sentences , which i guess we are doing compared to the rest of the world , in which these folks probably would have been in jail for a long long time for the things they might have done , including your own beloved country . 
  so will it happen ? 
  if it does , it will not even become close to a ghetto . 
  will it work ? 
  if it 's just the '' ghetto '' idea then nope . 
  european wealth is the people , intellectual property not resources . 
  do n't write of russia just yet , massive agriculture potential especially with global warming . 
  shitload of tree biomass . 
  huge energy resources and other minerals . 
  yes it will take money away from us . 
  because this is just the start , from everything we know they will not benefit society nor the economy . 
  their future does not lie here , but in the middle east . 
  we can employ 7 syrians to actually work in syria for a year for the same amount of money we directly spent on one syrian in the netherlands for one year . 
  in the netherlands 1 in 10 marries a dutch partner , or any other nationality, 
  do give examples . 
  turkeys bid on the greeks , armenians and kurds does not count . 
  it was no longer de ottoman empire by then . 
  they all equally lived under one ottoman empire before that , with even more minorities and ethnic groups . 
  different cultures and religious groups ca n't live together ? 
  so multiculturalism is bad now ? 
  hopefully she will learn from how nz deals with migrants . 
  it 's not pc to criticize any person or group from a different ethnic group . 
  the only group you can criticize is those of your own ethnic group ( usually white males ) . 
  you can also say positive things about other ethnicities . 
  at the same time it 's also not pc to accept the existence of other ethnic groups . 
  let 's get some facts in here , it 's not bad advise since :  [ according to a study done by martti lehti et al ( 2014 ) , 28 percent of the suspects for crimes associated with rape were first generation immigrants while second generation immigrants formed a little less than 1 percent . 
  the number of crimes per immigrant who lives in finland is almost eight times as high as that of native finns when looking at rape related crimes . 
  it was also stated that the immigrants originating from africa and middle east commit the highest levels of crimes , with the level being seventeen times as high as that of native finns . 
  the offenses committed by the immigrant groups most often target the natives of the area . 
  [ 21 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_violence_in_finland#perpetrators ), 
  ah first use of social capital i have read about here . 
  good . 
  now : consider all this , now consider we have mass automation going on . 
  consider that the value of a worker ( especially low skilled for now ) is going down tremendously , consider that we need all the social capital we can find to move past the big automation without hardship and power grabbing by the higher class . 
  they are destroying it , this can have extreme consequences in the future . 
  depends on the origins ( german heritage etc ) we do n't have jobs now . 
  and the capitalists import them , the christian middle lets them stay and the left keeps protecting damaging behavior . 
  the young alawite guys are running out , what is left is other minorities but mostly sunni muslims . 
  they are not eager to fight for assad . 
  lol , wrong . 
  coastal provinces of syria that are regime controlled are completely safe . 
  most of the rest of the country population as well , except from some random rebel pocketholes . 
  the desert and euprates river is in the hands of isis , and if sharia law is what you dig ( and lots of muslims and also rebel groups do , there are no secular rebels anymore ) then that 's perfect for you . 
  no one even comes close to conquering raqqa or any of the is territory in syria . 
  then there are the ypg controlled area 's in the nort which are secular , socialist and except from the front lines safe . 
  so can any brown to light tanned person on this planet . 
  that were existing family , but assuming they will make some 3 children corrects it reasonable . 
  that do n't belong to the mafia and have not paid yes . 
  1 million refugees this year , perhaps half of them ` legit '' the rest wo n't be deported because that would be discrimination or no passport and such ( happens in the netherlands ) . 
  so they will stay as well . 
  now 75 % or 750.000 are young males . 
  many are probably married and have children , others will be '' married '' and will just import a women from some refugee camp . 
  in comes family reunion and that will be 750.000 women and lets just assume 100.000 children . 
  these still will be in a reproductive age and having children will be payed for by germany and will give a bigger chance of staying even if the war ends . 
  together with higher reproductive rates for muslims , especially for first generation ones that will be what ? 
  3 + children per couple ? 
  so let 's add 2.25 million kids in a couple of years . 
  now with ongoing automatism and their low education rates and bad german language skill many will not be able to get a job even if they wanted to . 
  they will stay in a lower economic social status and this will cause their children to cause more trouble , together with first generation syndrome which causes them to cause even more trouble . 
  they will self-segregate in own communities as seen with other muslim migrants and will not integrate and will rarely marry german partners as is common with our 3rd generation integrated muslims . 
  so , this 1 million will become 3,1 + million in a couple of years and due to factors will have low work rates , high welfare and high crime . 
  and this is one year , bring the popcorn and let 's see what next year brings while we break down the nationalistic welfare state and cut funding for students and elders .
