  resulting in people buying houses because it actually saves money even if the value remains the same . 
  bit skeptic on poland , have experienced a lot of poles that '' could speak english '' but only knew a few words which they badly pronounced . 
  edit : i understand the comments and like them , it 's good to get more views on it , my own source are about 20-30 polish people over the last 5-6 years working in the netherlands , often it are students that come here during the summer that will claim to speak english . 
  i encourage anyone learning a language , do n't get me wrong on that , 
  depends on the ethnic , cultural , country , socio-economic , education stance of the immigrants . 
  amsterdam is a big pool with a shitload of foreigners , some groups jump out ( morrocans , antillians and turkish ) while you do n't notice much from others ( indo 's , spanish , italians other western immigrants ) . 
  lately we have been having some more crime from romania and bulgaria origine . 
  the polish are a bit neutral - they are known as very hard and good workers - but there are also a lot of thieves and heavy drinkers among them ( with alot drunk drivers aswell , car accidents with drunk polish drivers are common where i 'm from . . ) . 
  i remember reading somewhere coptic christians from egypt did very well , while muslims from egypt bad . 
  i also remember reading an article from a retired police '' boss '' that said the nigerians generally do well integrating nicely and focussing a lot on education , while a immigrants from a neighbouring country did the opposide . 
  every '' group '' brings it 's own cultural baggage with them , some fit in better then others . 
  it is n't as black and white as it seems , at the same time i like my culture and want it to surive nicely without having to deal with a lot of backwards cultural baggage . 
  so i believe there should be a limit on the amount of immigrants accepted , something i think is done now - with a exception for eu members , the accepted ones should be treated a lot better then they are now though , the process of getting accepted sucks . 
  firstly because there is no good reason to , you should be able to decide for yourself . 
  you pay for the electricity so why banning the vacuum cleaners . 
  secondly my point is how far eu jurisdiction goes , i do not trust the eu enough for these judgements and forsee very bad legislation based on lobbying which then is conveniently centralised to one city , on a eu that has reforms to do to make it more democratic and more transparant . 
  really , my point is here that i do n't believe the eu should have this power , decisions like this are to be made my the nation state . 
  i do not wish to hand all of my country 's power towards the eu . 
  i prefer a eu in which the nation state still holds the majority of power . 
  and that gives them the right to ban certain types ? 
  labeling is fine , but banning is something different . 
  i really do n't care about the vacuum cleaners here - but am i the only one who thinks that the eu should stay the fuck out of legislation like this and leave it to the individual countries ? 
  same in the netherlands . 
  very nicely put , fun fact in the netherlands we even subsidise the homeless . 
  i have named plenty of ways to better spent it , so yes it is very obvious . 
   better ways like big institutions where people are paid to work on preventing other people from being paid without working ? 
  this argument could just aswell be used by me . 
   and better ways like giving money only to people who do n't work so they do n't have incentive to take a low-paying job and lose their free money ? 
  first of all this system would change nothing , secondly the giving money to people who do n't work is not quite accurate . 
  it 's for people that have lost their job , it 's to support them for a while - by paying them an amount of money they have previously earned by paying taxes - based upon their previous income but less - which gets lower and lower after more time passes . 
  now what you want to do is exactly this , fair enough you would keep the '' free money '' ( there is no such thing ) and instead make a little bit more money by working . 
  it 's the same but worse since it 's for everyone . 
   it is less obvious , but much more sensible to admit that you may not have thought about this enough and may not have the knowledge to be certain one way or another . 
  what your saying : * you do n't agree with me so you havent thought about this *, 
  a universal safety net ? 
  for everyone and not just those that need it ? 
  there are better ways to spent the money . 
  instead the money could be spent on people that are really jobless - but are searching , public transportation , infrastructure , better healthcare for everyone or older folks or people with disabilities , schooling , support of schooling , programs that provide healthy staple foods , vegetables and fruit to poor and even rich people , or just paying back deficit just to name a few ya know . 
  i do n't know if we ever come to a point where ~ ~ nobody ~ ~ * uneducated people do n't * needs to work anymore , and if we do then that is the right time to implement a plan like this . 
  for now , this is utter shat with a big chance to negatively influence economy and culture as a whole . 
  this is not the right time , nor i do not wish to be part of this experiment . 
  eh what ? 
  get your shit together . 
  [ syrian civil war sub ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar ), 
  this is true for the older forests , [ not for the new ones . 
  and it only costs 40.000 to 80.000 per hectare to buy it off farmers , and another 40.000 per hectare to '' make it in nature '' . 
  this is no joke . 
  why create forests on extremely fertile often reclaimed lands ? 
  that 's also the first impression i got , but in further into the article it also goes on to say the agency ( presumable goverment organisation in control of this ) neglected outreaches to talk , especially in not giving details of the projects , leaving the companies with little information about what could go wrong and what precisely had to be done . 
  also when experts questioned the bridge to czech they ignored it thinking it was the companies trying to safe money . 
  it seems it 's not completely good vs bad . 
  but still knowing the huge extra costs of small and big government projects ( especially infrastructure ) here in the netherlands , i lean more in favor of the polish government . 
  i do n't have a good image of lobbyists , but please do so . 
  i might not agree with you but i welcome the information , as should all people here ( so please people do n't downvote to oblivion ) . 
  sell them opium , cocaine and cannabis . 
  santa claus is discrimination against raindeers and midgets , or is it ? 
   seriously , how does a person like that get a job at the un ? 
  it 's politicians . . 
  good development , question : do n't the baltic states have gas reserves beneath them ? 
  and considering the shitload of tree 's in the baltics and scandinavia , why not use that as fuel ? 
  many companies here start using them because it 's a relatively cheap way to generate warmth and energy especially by combining them with current technology . 
  same in the netherlands buckets amounts of money to software developments that end up being a giant black hole . 
  keep the good and throw away the bad and redunded , sounds ok . 
  hahaha oops . 
  ai n't it beautifull we teach our children that the pigmentation of your skin is no different then hair or eye color ? 
  physical appearances that can be altered if liked , and are in no way special . 
  why pull up skin color to something holy , something untouchable and special ? 
  is n't this actually fueling discrimination and racism ? 
  whatever the tradition once stood for is irrelevant , what it is now is what matters . 
  a party for children with dressed up people handing out candy and gifts . 
  i do n't care if they change the skin color though , if that 's what it takes to stop these idiots - who see racism in everything - from complaining . . 
  my teacher on food safety expressed her concerns for stevia , while extracting sugar from beets or cane is simply and the end product is pretty much pure sugar the same does not count for stevia , which is a complex substance which needs a lot of processes to be extracted from the plant , leaving leftover substances from these processes in the end product . 
  do n't know how true this is though . 
  but besides , i do n't like the taste of stevia , i will keep me liquorice . 
  sure , but we still consume way to much of it . 
  sugars are fairly well present in especially fruit but also vegetables and grains . 
  now consider our daily diet , where in almost all pre-packed or processed food sugar is added , often not in moderate amounts but taken to the extreme . 
  we can do with a lot less sugar consumption , and let other flavours instead of sweet dominate our lives . 
  their busy enough with syria for now . 
  yes it 's a problem of culture and politic structures , it 's sad this is what it has become , when will the russia public wake up and demand change ? 
  ah thats very good !, 
  i would like to add these ( thanks petshaver ) [ the tense backstory to russia 's proposed ban on dutch tulips ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/russias-proposed-ban-on-dutch-tulips-2013-10 ) [ hard cheese as dutch-russia relations sour ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1152277/hard-cheese-as-dutch-russia-relations-sour ), 
  can we have a thread collecting the recent reports on russia-dutch relations ? 
  they are well represented in bollywood , often they are handsome people . 
  not really , these are the wide stains of diseases which pretty much annihilated up to 90 % of the indiginous population , a population which had been isolated from eurazies diseases thousands of years , a population which was mainly still nomadic except from middle america and the andes ( read guns germs and steel ) , which was then inhabited by an overpopulated europe which had the crops and technology to thrive on these lands . 
  lets not forget the usa only had a population of 4 million in 1790 . 
  germanic had more of a habit of breeding with themselves while the rest did a bit more fucking around , including , offcourse a lot of rape ... south africa is the exception in this story , the khoisan which were the orginal inhabitens of the whole southern non-tropical africa were nomadic cattle breeders with a somewhat low population . 
  at the time the first europeans settled there the first bantu tribes also started invading khoisan land in south africa ( after having difficulty for thousands of years getting crops and cattle through the disease ridden tropics of africa ) meeting the europeans there in the middle . 
  offcourse the treatment of the indiginous populations have been very shamefull throughout the world . . allthough lets be fair europeans did n't really threat each other very well as well during this time with bloody ( french , bolshevik ) revolutions , serfdom , genocides and world wars . 
  lol , offcourse the comments go on comparing him to hitler , liking meinkampf and promoting eugenics . 
  70 % pre-detirmined intelligence due to genetics seems a bit high especially due to the enormous complexity of the probably enormous amount of genes that have influence on it and the so many factors involved in raising kids with all external influences - but to believe it has no effect it terribly naive . 
  though only a small part of the article is about the genetics . . 
  . . they are digging their own grave deeper and deeper , the biggest message the kremlin is sending out is : you ca n't trust us . 
  it 's sad . 
  excellent . . oh those ruskies . 
  we will see what products will be banned after the whole greenpeace debacle and arresting one of their pm 's here for child abuse . . will be funny seeing how dutch food products usually are among the safest and cleanest of the world . 
  so . . is this a normal week for russia because this seems like a whole lot is going on there ? 
  naturally , the danes just invited to invade us your welcome to join the party !, 
  you gon na take slaves again ? 
  okay okay i 'm sorry . . but only friesland ,,
