  it hurts their wages , while it might benefit the country as a whole . 
  however , it is n't true immigration always helps an economy . 
  i believe some research already shown that many countries do not benefit and it certain immigrant groups cost more then they provide . 
  low skilled immigrants are not necessary anymore as automatisation speeds up . 
  and then you have the cultural divides . 
  so immigration can be beneficial for all parties if done smart . 
  we are not to blame , we can and should however do something about it . 
  flanders where art thou ?!, 
  we should be together !, 
  does n't happen with european immigrants , western immigrants , most asian immigrants except chinese and christian nigerian immigrants . 
  it 's the 3rd generation now . 
  so far that has happened little , 5 to 10 % of muslims will go on and marry with a heathen . 
  do you hear me being hypocritical ? 
  stop trying to put words in my mouth . 
  so because some countries can not be '' trusted '' with protectionism all of the power should be taken out of the courts and to corporations and some lawyers ? 
  some dose of protectionism might me good , especially in markets that are dealt with by the government at the moment for example on the more nordic countries . 
  there are concerns , justified concerns , about legislation changes in those sectors because other isds agreements have made their effect on those . 
  notice that not everybody is pro-capitalism here . 
  and seriously , that is your beautiful solution ? 
  isds ? 
  just because courts at times can not be trusted an isds clause surely is to be trusted more then a court ? 
  if a company feels that it was treated unfairly due to changing legislation , let it cough up it 's losses times , are changing and he has to adept to the government not the other way around . 
  if he still feels it is really unjust let him to to court , but do not let him go to some shady business backroom . 
  transparency , in the open , it should be the new way . 
  if this is a blow to foreign investments ? 
  so be it , these investments come with heavy price attached anyways . 
  but i do n't believe it will , deal with it in a transparent way , show you are true to your word and honest and investments will make it anyway . 
  since your going to be disrespectful let me be as well . 
  sod off . 
  isds has been around for a long time , and the cost have been substantial . 
  with the usa however the corporations are bigger and the investments as well . 
  has it not stumped the creating of legislation ? 
  i ca n't believe that . 
  and i disagree with removing so much of it . 
  considering how this is ttip a real court in either america or europe , and yes also venezuela , that is what courts are for not some lawyer agreement behind closed doors . 
  any change in the legislation would be unjustly treatment . 
  the resultswill be prevent changes to the legislation , because now it will not only cost money to implement the changes in the law it will also be neccesary to pay off the companies that got '' treated unjustly '' by paying them their future profits . 
  i call it investment risk , they are bad losers and should keep an eye on legislation changes and voting in a country or the eu . 
  it allows companies to prevent national law changed , it paralysis legislation of a country , it allows companies to benefit from nations changing the law . 
  for if it is changed the company has the opportunity to sue to state not for it 's lost investments but for lost future profits . 
  and most people had no idea of it 's existence , but finally learn and speak out against it . 
  we should get rid of it everywhere and go back to real courts . 
  limboland !, 
  woul n't mind it , probably would like it . 
  it would make the netherlands less '' holland '' . 
  it would n't be really joining the netherlands , that 's some 6,4 million flanders ( inc. . brussels would be 7,5 million ) against a 16,8 million population of the netherlands . 
  of those 16,8 million 3,5 million ( lovely people ) live in south netherlands below the rivers , these are probably culturally more close to flanders then to hollanders . 
  the provinces are also named brabant and limburg , provinces that also exist in flanders . 
  which means southern dutch would be 11m versus 13,2 m in northern , which is also very much further split in west , north and east netherlands . 
  so i ca n't say it would be joining , walloon going to france would be joining but this would be a fusion . 
  in which the flanders/below the river dutch would have a giant vote in the countries direction . 
  which i probably would consider to have a positive effect on the netherlands/low lands as a whole , having great healthcare and education . 
  now , if the flanders want this is a different question offcourse . 
  plus , beer king of the world , joining the flemish diamond and randstad , big voting bloc and economic power in europe and off course the next world champion in soccer . 
  but it should be . 
  they do n't ask for money back , they sue for future profits they wo n't receive but want to receive from the government . 
  we came out pretty well after mass emigration of germans , scandinavians , huguenots , jews loads of other migrants during the the 1600-1800 time there were issues then of course . 
  we got out pretty well with the more recent germans , indonesians and polish as well . 
  but some other groups . . fared a little worse . 
  so really the shitty answer is : it depends . 
  we have an entire site for making fun of ourselves . 
  there is quite some love for kaliningrad here eh ? 
  it appears quite often on / r/europe lately . 
  which is not so bad . 
  sure , but then we want argentina , chile and south brazil . 
  just join the eu already , come onnn step into our webb . 
  ( is south africa considered anglosphere or just part of it ? ), 
  really interesting , would n't have expected some of the voting patterns from some countries , ( like spain that almost all approved , or germany that was just really confused ), 
  religions thrive because they mute any criticism , modern day islam has turned it up a notch and goes full-victim mode any time anything that could remotely be interpreted as something '' bad '' towards muslims is being discussed . 
  it 's disgusting to see any issue turned around to '' but we are victims !, 
  you are racist and discriminating for criticizing us '' . 
  nope , most of us are not and you will remain stuck in any way unless you accept you can be wrong , asses criticism and learn & change behavior accordingly . 
  interests are n't aligned , and many do not support what us does in the middle east . 
  and there are countries actively dealing in the middle east , bad & good . 
  then the top position will definitely change in time , you have some 50 years of schooling when men where the majority give it time . 
  i remember an article that i think was posted here , it was about the norwegian woman quota in the top positions . 
  well it turned out norway did n't have enough qualified woman to fill the top position and had to resolve in importing foreign especially swedish qualified woman to fill the position , it was then also not unheard of that 1 women would fill a top position in multiple firms . 
  which makes you wonder if in the end they did any help , or helped shape a better opinion on women on the top to the men in the top . 
  you wo n't find a bigger feminist then me , but please lets keep it equal , really equal : complete freedom to choose an education or job regardless of the gender . 
  if the majority of economic university students are male , the we should n't be surprised the majority in top economic positions are male as well . 
  the difference is public opinion of the people in the country and opinion of the government , and in this case people and politics of the locals . 
  on a national bases the leading coalition has quite a low approval rating . 
  part is the way they handle the refugees but there are many other reasons . 
  the expectations for the next national elections look very bleak for the leading coalition now . 
  i updated my post . 
  i updated my post . 
  i updated my post . 
  do remember that more refugee 's are to follow in the future and that this is but the start . 
  there have been reports of common folks in iraq outside of conflict zones with stable jobs etc just leaving for europe . 
  there have been reports of the ypg in efrin , a stable part of syria banning people for leaving to europe . 
  there have been reports of human trafickers advertising europe as heaven . 
  there have been reports of african refugees making photo 's of themselves shopping expensive items with all the government money they receive posting it on social media and pretending they live luxurious lives . 
  there have been reports of buying syrian diploma 's and passports . 
  there have been reports of buying your way into europe with a turkish years salary which would let you live a very good live . 
  this migration wave and civil war has many reasons . 
  one of the bigger ones are unrest and distrust towards the dictatorial repressive ( ethno-religious in nature ) government , automation of jobs especially agriculture , droughts resulting in desertification resulting in many pissed of people migrating to cities . 
  that alone makes people more extreme , and more extreme in an islamic society is even worse since they will implement 1500 old laws and simulate a 1500 warlord desert-steppe culture warlord . 
  this is but the beginning , there is no shortage of automation , desertification , dictatorial regimes and extremist religions worldwide and especially in the middle east . 
  the solutions offered might seem short sighted , but they are not . 
  we do not have the jobs here , we have automation , we do not have resources but mere human capital that for a large part will be automated , and if we want to help them we could help 10 + times as many with the same amount of money in the region .
