  and : do people in offices , that never actually come in the companies or the countries to see what happens there actually have any idea of how things are done and what is necessarily ? 
  does the legislation actually save the environment ? 
  and if so to what cost ? 
  i think we take our wealth , like our freedoms to much for granted and have forgotten how a clean environment does n't matter when your a poor sod rotting away in poverty . 
  i have nothing but praise for the uk at this point , the eu has to change and stop using this financial chaos to inject every bit of legislation it has created . 
  greece is effectively already plundered , while the richest have escaped the shot . 
  what i 'm afraid of is that corruption will reign more when the union gets bigger . 
  even now there are big differences in corruption between north , south and east europe . 
  being a small country may have some disadvantages but i believe it gives some great benefits as well . 
  so i hope the power of the eu itself will be limited while the power of the nation states ( especially the less corrupt ones ) maintained . 
  but i fear it will go the other way which might reach a boiling point . 
  80,9 % percent of the population is '' ethnic '' dutch . 
  also being a foreigner could also not be the reason you felt not welcome . 
  hehehe . 
  [ nom nom nom ] ( http://www.google.com/search?num=10&amp;hl=en&amp;site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=905&amp;q=paardenworst&amp;oq=paardenworst&amp;gs_l=img.3..0i24l2.822.3382.0.3477.14.10.1.3.3.0.65.508.10.10.0...0.0...1ac.1.vepvrkyon8y ) ( link to google ) ( off-topic : there are some even more amusing researches out on kebab ), 
  no , but if you took over some of the good parts of chinese habits and culture you would . 
  and by chinese do you mean the han , tajik , mongolian , turkic or tibitian people ? 
  the chinese have a whole different technique of making people chinese by migrating han people all over the country and making them mix in with the local people , they have been doing this for a long long time . 
  i personally know of plenty of people that would disagree with their slightly more melanin skin then mine . 
  immigration without integration is what caused this . . no they said keep your culture !, 
  do n't allow any of it to change !, 
  do n't integrate !, 
  it should have been : learn the language , learn the culture , take the best parts of the culture and keep the best parts of your culture , take the parts why we have become relatively successful and not are not like the country you no longer wish to live in , and it we catch you in criminal activities you can fuck off . 
  most are now second generation which makes them well , that nationality . . so how do we solve this in a nice way ? 
  good , they better not touch my fucking water . 
  privatization is n't necessarily good or bad , it depends on what is being privatized . 
  i would like to see health care , water and public transport to stay in the governments hands and not approached by the vultures . 
  telecom companies on the other hands like kpn which used to be a goverment company was right to get privatized . 
  did n't say anywhere it was , but spirituality is a pretty broad meaning term which can include anything , including stuff from the organized religions . 
  dutch churches are pretty empty and grey , although we do have our own lill bible belt . 
  and some really super religious villages filled with people that are '' christians '' but almost go to church with a beer in their hands . 
  newer generations of muslims are different though , some have gotten more religious while others get less religious . 
  do n't understand why your getting downvoted , this is actually a valid point . 
  just because the old religious doctrines are loosing ground does n't mean the other things just as stupid are gaining ground . 
  have to give you credit for the [ madagascar reference ( wiki ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madagascar_plan ) . 
  although i 'm not sure if your trolling or serious . . 
  trend i seem to see it that they are starting to dub the shows more and more , it 's horrific !, 
  try it . 
  de co-assistent - a girl becoming a doctor by training/internship in the hospital all-stars - older dudes that have been playing soccer in the same team since they were young , comedy . 
  recently made a [ movie ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k17fhshfnru ) after many years . 
  these are the only ones i enjoy , i ca n't even tolerate most of the other shows so stay away from the rest . 
  the dutch public television station does make some really good quality , underrated documentary type of programs . 
  all accessible online like this one . 
  damn if this is true then they made a bad decision . 
  so kaliningrad was russian territory while all other parts were simply soviet territory ? 
  i understand that , but the same would go for any port in the baltics that used to be soviet territory . 
  but why specifically kaliningrad ? 
  and not latvia ? 
  slightly off topic , but why is kaliningrad still russian territory ? 
  while all other parts of the former soviet union have become independent countries ? 
  edit : great answers thanks !, 
  it seems like a real sad story !, 
  capital of prussia with people living there for 700 years only to be shoved out when they lost the war , leaving it now as a poor shithole when it could have been so much more . 
  ( leaving all the bad things germany and all parties of the wars committed aside ) any chance russia might drop it and let it gain independence , or special rights atleast ? 
  more open borders between poland and lithuania seems like a good plan that would benefit all . 
  every bit of software the government tried to make in the netherlands ended up being shit and overpriced with the government trying to silence it . 
  the company 's usually take all they can knowing it is the government who will pay with politicians that have almost no knowledge on the subject will take as much advantage of that as they possible can . 
  what the best option is ? 
  could be but . . * something something about pim fortuyn *, 
  will some extreme lefty now shoot me ? 
  off course you do godwin , but as long your not born here i will not tolerate you repeatedly taking advantage of the system , we have plenty of people ( something about white trash etc ) who already do that and we really do n't need more . 
  just throw the fundies + repeated criminal offenders out and then what is left should be nice and cosy while also opening better job prospects for them as the bad ones are no longer there . 
  interesting , and if germany would cope then the netherlands would as well . 
  nahh wo n't happen , the biggest economic centers + biggest population is holland ( + utrecht ) after all . 
  no matter what province your from nowadays saying your from holland when in foreign countries is normal . 
  edit : but it would be awesome to change the official name of the netherlands to holland . 
  damn the north as well :\\ it 's always a question how much it helps to arrest the high profile fella 's and how long it will take for new ones to step up the game . 
  are they still clearly doing illegal activities or have they somewhat changed to more legal ways of making money ? 
  because waste trafficking does n't seem very illegal to me . 
  but geert wilders still does n't get the majority , it 's shamefull political people actually can own huge parts of the media :\\, 
  it sounds much like the people who would vote for these mad republicans . 
  ( not that republicans are mad , but more that the party has been taken over by these folks ) how big is the mafia in italy ? 
  growing/shrinking ? 
  * cough * time to edit , 
  i reckon he had gone a bit soft , what he meant to say was : thou shalt not lie with mankind , as with womankind : it is an abomination . 
  [ 2 ] ( leviticus 18:22 kjv ) if a man also lie with mankind , as he lieth with a woman , both of them have committed an abomination : they shall surely be put to death ; their blood shall be upon them . 
  i 've been wondering , how can a guy like that win an election ? 
  what type of people vote for him ? 
  edit : great reactions thanks !, 
  hmm apple sauce on vegetable + potato dishes is good . 
  could you tell me more about this ? 
  i would like to try this at some birch trees at home, 
  it 's good after exercising intensely . 
  you think ? 
  doubt it is directly the result of guns , more like a combination of fear mongering media , little social control , little social help for people that are having a bad time , obsession about guns , christian extremism could n't be good either , lack of regulation of gun use and lets not forget that a hunting rifle is very different then a hand gun or machine guns . 
  especially for woman with children . 
  and there is godwins law again . 
  perhaps , differences are the turks were already somewhat european and did not experience a great leap forward resulting in a heavily desensitized population , while entering a social country which had trustworthy non dictatorship kind of government with a booming economy and rights for the workers . 
  this sentence of the article actually scares me the most : '' special economic zone '' if anyone knows more about it i would love to know because it , it sounds like a work camp . . 
  ... what the hell . 
  i foresee trouble , hate crimes , crime syndicates , extortion , appalling working conditions , huge numbers of them escaping to surrounding countries . 
  uhu , it seems you ca n't criticize , but only give positive feedback to a minority group that is living in your own country , or now europe for that matter . 
  you can only criticize them when these people are still in the country where they once lived . 
  jankystank : plus black women are just ugly in general . '', 
  not racism but sexual preferences . 
  edit : seriously downvotes ? 
  for fucks sakes the guy does n't feel attracted to woman with high melanin content on their skin ? 
  he might be racist but this comment does not make him one . 
  please explain why this is racist ? 
  simple but brilliant .
