  hell , with free movement they can simply move to old prussia no need for war . 
  and they should really look into getting that russian enclave back to eu territory . 
  i have little faith in dutch politicians . 
  for european politicians ( from far more corrupt countries then the netherlands ) i have no faith . 
  some documentaries on lobbyists in brussel , tracking the working hours of the politicians and the corruption and fraud has repulsed me from seeing a future for a united europe with the current system . 
  at this point i believe the eu is holding the netherlands back . 
  does n't need to be gmo to be patented . 
  should be but is n't . 
  using biotechnology as simple as marker technology is sometimes enough . 
  but this would be more common in the blue countries , not in the countries that are shown red on this cart . 
  + this ban will hurt the farmers hard as well . 
  and than there is the question if it is found to be a big cause of death bee 's , a complete ban is still not a reasonable decision . 
  banning it on some crops which do not produce flowers for example is nonsense . 
  wheat and corn for example are wind pollinators and are not pollinated or visited by bee 's . 
  same counts for banning it for the use in greenhouses & glasshouses . 
  these structures are designed to minimize insects coming in from outside often having insects nets on the windows and other openings . 
  it 's not all that black and white . 
  half of the information offered is flawed or simply not true , while no further information is given in the petition . . what bit of legislation are they trying to prevent ? 
  is it already an accepted part of legislation ? 
  monsanto is pushing for this ? 
  more information please . . edit : how about you answer some questions before downvoting ? 
  well fuck me , that is one damn strategic bit of legislation from a previous empire stripped of territory after some wars . . any magyars here to elaborate on the consequences ? 
  a question i ponder about as well , it 's too vague of a definition . 
  but in this case i would use : left socialism - right free market . 
  those are the two extremes of the spectrum then most politics will take place in between . 
  hmm central europe , germanic countries i think then ? 
  with english the language wo n't be a problem in these countries . 
  these countries are the most expensive ones as well . 
  so if your not planning on having a part-time job , or getting paid reasonable for the au pair you better have a good amount of savings . 
  in case of the weather , winters can be very cold , especially in-land . 
  but at the coast you have more wind and rain which can make it seem colder . 
  left wing in usa is still right wing in europe . 
  the islands might not have mattered that much , it might have been very strategic . 
  what would have happened with other uk territories if they had not defended it ? 
  something similar happened during the industrial revolution and the mechanization of agriculture right ? 
  now how did that work out , suddenly there were no jobs ? 
  uhu i see , i read the napalm comment sarcastically while agreeing on the rest of his comment . 
  ideally i would like to agree , but realistically i have severe doubts . 
  it wo n't stay 7 billion for very long and people do not just want to survive , we want more then that in these times . 
  translate this to food and we want more meat and other luxury foods . 
  nutrient wise this costs more resources then just plant nutrients . 
  the oceans are almost empty compared to 100 years ago . 
  desertification ( climate change ) , depleting aquafires and some dumb farming practices are destroying a lot of acreages used to feed these mouths . 
  phosphor an element that has enabled agriculture on many poor nutrient soils to prosper is depleting as well . 
  in india the huge population has resulted in much urban housing on rich soils . 
  that in this way can no longer feed these people . 
  average acreage per farmer is low , land costs are high , and so modern farming techniques are hard to implement . 
  now already people are inhabiting the steep weak himalayan mountain slopes , farming on these extreme small pieces of land . 
  regardless i do think we will be able to feed the world , it will just be hard . 
  but again , just food is not enough in this day and age , our primary live necessities is changing , today 's poverty will not be tommorow 's poverty . 
  and i 'm not sure if they can be accessible to all of the many people of india, 
  off course everything has to go back to hitler . . pathetic . 
  india is already one of the most populous countries on the world , the population density is already greater then the netherlands , india however is an entire sub-continent . 
  it is estimated the population will continue to grow quite quickly for the next 20 years or so making it the most populous country in the world with an enormous population density . 
  meanwhile the inequality is high , and the amount of poverty is extreme . 
  800 million people ( let me fucking repeat ** 800 ** fucking million people ) live on 2 euro a day or less ? 
  poverty is correlated to making many babies , wealth ( or relative wealth ) lowers this , this is why estimates for population will be stable in some time when more countries become wealthy . 
  india however is still a third world country for most of the people living there , and i doubt the wealth will accessible to many of those now living in poverty continuing their habit of having many babies . 
  my conclusion therefore is india has quite some chance on having bred itself checkmate . 
  poverty , population growth , inequality will continue to exist while resources remain scarce . 
  now my question , please where in your mind does hitler come into this ? 
  please tell me . 
  it 's true that you need to know how to handle a knife before you can fight with it , but it still might be enough to scare people off . 
  since the chances the attacker gets hurt it a lot bigger . 
  now besides that knifes are very fucking useful while traveling so still advisable , 
  she was 38 and was with her husband . . the bastards . 
  how can you control a population so huge living in such extreme poverty ? 
  pretty much this , do n't travel alone as a women in these countries . 
  it can be done but the chance of shit happening is bigger . 
  and carry a knife with you . 
  it is done a lot , but it 's far from profitable ( without subsidies ) yet . 
  not sure if it every will be . 
  ha this does not surprise me one bit . 
  on the other hand we 're also the biggest food exporter after murica , maybe we just have a lot to sort and throw away ( or use as animal feed , which is also very common ) before we sell it to you fellow europeans . 
  lol , but turkish also has the northern ggggg sound a lot ( and arabic languages including israeli ), 
  west-frisians do n't consider themselves very frisian anyway , 
  we have awesome cookies , candy and chocolate . 
  our dinners though . . are vegetables , potatoes and a piece of meat . 
  but i love it . 
  we should join forces and kick germany 's , spains and argentina 's asses hard time . 
  i would say the netherlands is very similar that way , different cultures and dialects per bigger city and province . 
  constant bullying of each other . 
  it gets even better : video : http://www.dumpert.nl/mediabase/161331/afc902e3/europarlementariers_zijn_zakkenvullers.html, 
  explain : o, 
  well that really surprises me . 
  honestly , most dutchies do n't care about it that much . 
  she 's more loved in the ~ ~ south then in the north i believe ~ ~ . 
  in the years her importance has been build down , it 's mostly a ceremonial function now which is also what her son will be doing . 
  although i have to say she has played the game well for the netherlands , good advertisement i think . 
  and queens-day is about the party not so much for the queen , 
  i have , now does that mean you should buy tens of thousands of hectares of perfect agriculture ground and spent a whole lot more money on it to make '' nature '' of it in questionable locations ? 
  or put ecoducts to connect small pieces or forest when it 's not sure they actually really help that much ? 
  plant tree 's in the cities and the urban area 's , make parks at places people actually go to . 
  have forests on lands that are not that well suited for agriculture anyway and really let it be wild not this park landscape that is maintained . 
  well it is a problem . . 
  i would say environmentalists in the netherlands have gone nuts , the state buys tens of thousands of hectares ( 40.000 to 80.000 euro per hectare ) of some of the best agricultural grounds in the world to make '' nature '' creating the nature costs another 40.000 to 80.000 euro per hectare , besides that there are these eco aqua-ducts above highways that connect tiny shitty pieces of forest although it is still somewhat unclear if the animals actually use them . 
  also a shitload of legislation , oh you want to store those materials that way ? 
  no no no you better invests ten thousand euro 's to store it in the way we think it 's save ( maybe its already save but hey it 's the rules ) couple of years later the rules change again and you again have to invest thousands of euro 's . 
  in the end all these companies have to compete with foreign company 's that might lack all these regulations ( = costs ) . 
  in the end the question is : how far should you go in protecting the environment , when in the end it might make your country a poor shithole ?
