  having an immigration policy that focussed on low skilled labour , visually distinguisable , low education , very different religious , conservative , with political systems which work by pushing power from top to bottom whereas western societies go from bottom to up , from area 's that usually follow tribal or clan marriage systems which promote breeding with people within that group , grouping them together in low income urban area 's , contacting them as group primarely by the use of the religion , having lax integration rules about following rules and learning languages does all in all not in any way hinder immigration ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  to the syria point , most jihadi 's traveling from europe are not syrians so what does this have to do with colonian policies in syria ? 
  same goes for the rest of europe , the number of jihadi 's going to syria fighting for groups that are taliban leveled in insanity or worse is staggering . 
  for norway it 's 50 ? 
  other countries have the same or higher numbers . 
  a lot of them are coming back , sure most of them are tired and their dreams or glory fighting for their ideals are smashed as they realised they were fighting against their ideals or saw how utter nonsence they were . 
  the thing is , we only need 1 asshole to act like an asshole , count in thousands of jihadi 's in europe and your looking at a time bomb . 
  it will be interesting , perhaps shocking what the reactions of such event would be on both the general genepool , other closed of communities of immigrants and the jihadi supporters . 
  also , but does n't make the other false . 
  offcourse politicians are going nuts now . 
  accidents like this means they can bring russia to it 's knees or atleast try so , they are not going to stay idle on that . 
  both sides probably have those though , . 
  is anyone able to retrieve russian tv news on how the rebels downed a place today ? 
  it should be important to save it . 
  as earlier vice news reporting showed there are plenty of rebels in the area who have had army experience , many older folks that might even have experience in the sovjet army with these materials . 
  bullshit , there is the rebels on one side who were already celebrating and bragging about shooting down a plane , the rebels do not even have planes so the ukrainian army would have no point shooting one down . 
  oh please this was nothing here you have muslims protesting against israel in the netherlands with [ nazi signs ] ( https://twitter.com/geertwilderspvv/status/487954806536159232/photo/1 ) and [ al-qaeda flags . 
  ] ( https://twitter.com/geertwilderspvv/status/487956163284463619/photo/1 ), 
  oh please , they do n't have to be communists or hardline socialists to be in there . 
  there are pretty far in the left spectrum compared to the other political parties in the netherlands or even europe . 
  i do not see why i would have to ? 
  my understanding is that the political left often opt for a strong welfare system . 
  searched it on wiki and it seems to support that idea . 
  amusingly the infamous pvv or geert wilders party also is quite far on the left spectrum on economic issues , supporting a large , interventionist state , strong public infrastructure , the welfare system , etc. 
  atleast they claim to be so , they are not very well known in keeping their promises or actually getting anything done with the power they have ( not that other political parties are well known for keeping their promises either ) . 
  thank you but i 'm very well aware of that , there is a distinction between work and social . 
  however i find that in business one of the finest benefits a dutch has is being direct and able to see through the bullshit quite easily seeing underlying motives , what you see is what you get and what you get you get fast . 
  humans might dress up their words in quite splendid ways portraying them as beautifull as they like , underneath is often still some simple primal motives or reasoning . 
  as for social . 
  i urge my friends to be brutal honest with me , even though i 'm not always so to them it depends on the person naturally . 
  and as you said you can be direct and polite at the same time , just because you might find someones hairstyle horrible does n't mean it 's your obligation to mention it but when someone asks your opinion about it . . well then we can be direct though at the same time mentioning everyone is entitled to their own tastes and that mine is merely mine and not someones elses . 
  every person has his manual and i intent to keep mine . 
  screw tact and subtlety , in the end you will have said the exact same thing in just different words and tones it 's so superficially fake , but your right one can be direct and polite . 
  besides it takes time valuable time , time is important in the netherlands . 
  seems about right but you forget : everything is holy , better treat it like shit anyways . 
  i 'm not even sure of the meaning of the word anymore . 
  that 's a bit easy eh ? 
  actually witnessed a presentation by one of the soldiers stationed there , he was definately traumatised and the government tried to silence him talking about it . 
  from his point of view : there were tens of thousands of refugees in the camps and it was a complete chaos , there were those that were getting weapons themselves leaving the camp . 
  then the location it was in a valley , they were surrounded by perhaps as many as tens of thousands of enemy soldiers . 
  the soldiers meanwhile got no help at all , no reinforcements , they barely had any ammo and they were firing warning shots when the enemy soldiers got closer . 
  they did n't even had enough ammo to shoot all of the enemy 's surrounding them even if they all hit them through the head . 
  now , they were constantly calling for help . 
  sometimes nato or the un i 'm not sure anymore , let some fighter aircrafts in the air when this happened the enemy soldiers retreated and did nothing . 
  when the aircrafts left after a couple of hours the enemy soldiers would come again . 
  even knowing this nato refused to sent aircrafts . 
  after time some people were taken in busses by the enemies and carried away , i believe they were told they were just bringing them somewhere else . 
  things are going so well in turkey now . . eh ? 
  anyway i would sooner prefer to see argentina or chile join the eu then turkey . . 
  they stopped being refugees the moment they left the first country outside eritrea , from that point on they are merely economical immigrants , who probably paid for human trafficers to take them through a desert and over an ocean to europe where they continue traveling to head straight to the most socialistic countries . . 
  | and as we found out , western europe frowns much more to this kind of people than many other immigrants categories . 
  that 's because there are quite enough of these type of immigrants or people and they compete for these same jobs for lower wages in the other countries . 
  do not forget that the farmers in the eu have to adhere to huge pieces of legislation ( environmental , labour laws , safety laws etc etc ) which makes the costs of production a lot more expensive . 
  at this point i hardly believe a less advanced cheap farm in africa with the same legislation as we have in europe can be competive against technology based farming we have in the western countries.this will only get worse as farming gets mechanised with robots at a quick pace . 
  as for the middle east , these countries have experienced huge population booms later then we have had in europe . 
  this means that these countries now have an incredible high population in arid area 's that are extremely phrone to desertificaton and have experienced severe droughts in the last years . 
  oil is the middle east biggest source for food now i worry . 
  your basically grouping the '' odd '' kids together segregating them from the common majority . 
  children easily learn new languages when they are young and they do this by getting schooled in it and here it comes : interacting with people that use that language . 
  ship your ass to some weird community in central siberia where no one speaks english and i guarentee you will learn the language quite fast because you have no other choice . 
  practice makes perfect . 
  also a great way of segregating and inhibiting integration . 
  indeed , cross a desert , cross a sea and cross a mountain to magically randomly end up in one of the wealthiest countries on earth , if they were real refugees they would end up in neighbouring countries of the conflict not on the other of the world , they are economic immigrants . 
  many indeed , and were importing more of them . 
  the avarage person however does not , which is kinda the point meaning the avarage western culture does not think this . 
  most people think that the whole nazi genocide thing was kind of a bummer , some support it however but that does n't mean everyone does . 
  it 's bad reasoning with which you can argue anything you like but makes no sense . 
  seeing the opposite sex as something more then walking uteruses awaiting for insemination does seem slightly more developed to me , naturally it is just our perspective here in the west and that 's the point : we are in the west so we can judge them here according to it . 
   no one complains when there 's a federal ban on roaming charges or endocrine disrupting chemicals . 
  for now , the way i see it is that the chance of corrupt legislation that will be negative for the people will be higher when the eu becomes more federal . 
  especially for the already progressive countries that will be lagged down by the more conservative ones . 
  because placing people in groups is not only natural to us but also very usefull , life it too short to judge all people on an individual basis so we place them in groups ( be it income or in this case ethnicity ) and form general conclusions about them , in the case of statistics these are based on facts . 
  and based on these facts we can define problems or positive behavior about groups and base our opinion on them , it 's very efficient and it works quite well . 
  at least it works well when the issues are acknowledged and dealt with , political correctness or plain ignorants is destructive in this . 
  * i have only met about 100 poles but + the poles + are some damn hard workers . 
  * because every negative thing said about a group of people is racist right ? 
  the simple truth is that being part of the turkish '' group '' makes you distinguishable from ethnic germans , while at the same time your part of the group that seen over the whole group has lower education , higher crime rates , lower work ethnic compared to lets say poles , probably more conservative and with that a different culture then the host country . 
  your part of the group , so your judged as one . 
  just as i am judged for being from the most alchoholic area from the netherlands while i do n't even drink alchohol anymore . 
  for this to change the whole group needs to acknowledge short comings and set up to improve them . 
  ps , this mind sound like abondoning your culture , but a trick almost all of the immigrants to the america 's have used it to change names slightly ( different tones ) to more english or spanish sounding ones . 
  this was only in antwerp , only for 1 salafist group : isis , for those that actually know isis , for those that knew of the protest , for those that could make it to the protest , for those who would want to expose themselves as supporters . 
  the real number of supporters , sadly is much higher and you only need one of them for this : https://imgur.com/fhjl2vg and here are some extra 's : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxk5urxrgru ( no kidnappings , extortions , tax collecting and suicide attacks on the video , just the other stuff they do ), 
  cough it up federalists , your no different then the nationalists you so despise . 
  well done , your very well informed . 
  isis though , i doubt they are the only rebel group that collects tax etc. 
  they are notorious for the effective way they do it though so i guess that 's true . 
  i do wonder how much of their money is from donations and how much from the rest . 
  and yea isis wants the entire arab world or more if they could . 
  isis still does fight with everyone , wishes to gain territory and that includes fighting the regime and other rebel groups . 
  gaining territory from rebels by backstabbing them while they were fighting the regime was pretty effective in the past . 
  these days they are more defending or regaining lost territory then attacking ( with the exceptions of isis attacks on ypg territory ) which started when if got formed indeed so i guess it was because of saudi 's support of if . 
  but i still do n't agree fully with your final notion , it 's a war with everybody vs isis , with specially if now to destroy isis . 
  jup it 's sad and very very worrying , but do keep in mind that europe , usa and turkey ( since a lot of dutch turks still follow turkish news ) have been doing everything to demonize the assad regime as to create support for the rebels since the assad regime never had good relationships with all of the above . 
  and well the assad regime ai n't no sunshine but the rebels are no hair better , something the perhaps the dutch muslims are not receiving from their news sources ( and we are not as well ) . 
  edit , from your link , the bolt is very important : '' de meerderheid van de moslims ziet de syri\u00eb-gangers ook niet als jihadi 's , maar eerder als strijders voor gerechtigheid . 
  ** bij de autochtonen is dat percentage even groot . 
  translation : the majority of the dutch muslims does not see the dutch syria-fighters as jihadi 's , but instead as warriors for justice . 
  ** only 25 % of the them call them jihadi 's .
