  power corrupts , and even groups as the fsa have a track record of being extremely corrupt . 
   syrians , while typically not having an equivalent of american college education , are particularly well educated compared to their cousins from other parts of the world . 
  mexican illegals almost always end up as labor hands and are not known for their higher education whatsoever . 
  too bad that low skilled labour is being mechanized , reducing demand . 
   i take it the entirety of your knowledge about syrian culture comes from the back of a neo-nazi cereal box or something ? 
  ] ( http://www.islam-watch.org/others/honour-and-shame-in-islam.htm )  trust me , you do n't wan na end up in the `` lawless '' parts of mexico . 
  i would n't , but i would prefer it over syria any day . 
   oh , right . 
  because fucking low-income catholic mexicans are known for their undying loyalty to liberalism and support for progressive social causes . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  more so than sunni 's . 
   why would you have social welfare programs if they are not meant to be used ? 
  [ they are used excessively indeed , ] ( http://www.elsevier.nl/economie/blogs/2015/8/het-valt-helemaal-niet-mee-met-uitkeringen-aan-buitenlanders-2666738w/ ) it should be an investment for a better and fairer society , a safety net where there are also people contributing . 
  it shows it 's cracks though due to many factors among one is non-western immigration . 
  we are already cutting welfare , cutting pensions , cutting financial help for students , cutting police funding , it is used too much and thus is unsustainable . 
  but sure , you win , let us make a deal which will make us both better . 
  we will take 1 million illegal mexicans from the us and you will take a million illegal syrians/iraqis/somali 's & eritreans . 
  well , yes , they come from conflict zones meaning they are pretty traumatized and little educated with honor cultures that arise in lawless environments in already extremely conservative environments . 
  combine that with a social state in a western country with welfare , minimum wage and medic care it 's gon na costs a lot while gaining nothing . 
  and also did n't take into account the average of germans is a lot higher , which means they will be a much larger percentage if you look at a 1-30 age group, 
  know someone who worked for an ngo in africa , finally got the community in that country to start using condoms . 
  boom pope says condoms are the spawn of the devil and thus no one used condoms any longer . 
  boom goes children and hiv . 
  we still have some christian reformed area 's in our own little bible belt . 
  since your a practicing christian you might want to visit those places . 
  the church there will also probably be very open in those area 's and will help you a lot as long you follow their social rules . 
  religion in the rest of the country is very much dying . 
  [ bible belt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_%28netherlands%29 ) ( the gelderse vallei is also in the area and is pretty nice . 
  ) [ https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/gelderse_vallei] ps , why is there no future in south africa ? 
  there are no jobs for the refugee 's , low skilled jobs are disappearing fast due to automation , there is more then enough unemployed to fill the gabs . 
  children are expensive and the state takes a lot of tax of people . 
  replacing the population with a different culture is not a solution . 
  the welfare state is unsustainable and will be dismantled after a little while , they are already working on this . 
  a refugee in the netherlands costs about 36.000 euro 's a year , the same money could hire 7 syrians for average wage for an entire year in or just outside syria and they could probably support entire families for that while also working to benefit other refugees . 
  importing them here only makes us feel good but is utter unsustainable . 
  syria will not be the last country in civil war in the middle-east due to climate change in the region . 
  especially seeing how especially immigrants of middle-eastern origin are greatly over represented in welfare & crime and tent to self segregate and marry within their own ethnic/religious group . 
  we do not have work for them with 600k more qualified unemployed workers then them , we have a minimum wage , we have plenty work-migrants from the rest of europe , we will have enough trouble alone due to job losses due to automation . 
  they do not stand a chance in western society and will end up as a social underclass with a victim complex further reducing social capital ( trust ) in our countries . 
  the educated diploma 's will not be accepted due to the low ratings of the universities in syria . 
  and let 's not forget they forced their way in europe , through safe countries and of the current stream only 1/5 or so is an actual syrian and predominately male . 
  it 's gon na cost us money to help these refugee 's and i believe we should help them . 
  however , i also believe the money should be spent wisely and not gator to our petty ideals . 
  and sometimes the politicians do what they think is right but is wrong . 
  non-western immigration is a net-drain on society & automation reduces the demand for low-skilled labor . 
  maybe listing the crappy things is what makes our societies thrive for improvement, 
  extremism ? 
  the jewish ortodox are breeding like madness and damning everything . 
  you must be new here . 
  nice data , though state religion does n't necessarily mean that it 's population or laws are not . 
  depends how the eu is going to function , i mean that as in how much power is the eu going to hold over it 's members ? 
  i hope on a working together but still letting the nations figure out much of their shit alone . 
  this partly what made europe in the end more succesfull then china . 
  one revolution caused the chinese to stop their naval building and exploring of the ocean 's while there ships where better . 
  while some countries in europe made the right call and ended up with literally the entire world . 
  the same can happen when 1 stupid law gets made in the eu and then forced on all the countries making us all suffer . 
  i do not want to rely on the voting power o the mainly uneducated non-secular masses of eastern europe or turkey . 
  i do not want their conflicts , their corruption , their rich vs poor gap , their every bad thing . 
  there need to be strict demands before they can join . 
  at the same time the already existing corrupt mass of spain , italy and romania has to be cleaned up . 
  now conquering these countries forcing our nice rules upon them , getting rid of the corruption while not letting them vote would be way more awesome . 
  or like maybe an edu-techno-eco-cratie , educated people have more voting power , professors have a lot more voting power and economic wealthy countries have more voting power . 
  it seems silly to let the voting power go to the country that can make the most babies . 
  for now they seem to have the same interests . 
  economic growth helps germany as well as poland . 
  meanwhile poland has a high growth rate despite the crisis , has some catching up to do , has a younger demographics then western europe countries have and do not face the burden of all these old people that need care and help . 
  the population of poland is less then germany so it is only logical that they wo n't get the same influence . 
  a lot emigrated as well . 
  i see no reason why it could not be possible . 
  question : do you expect any country to get the same influence as germany ? 
  edit : and overal , good work ethic . 
  except poland and the baltic states i guess ? 
  the real reason for them to '' never '' get the west standards is because they still have a communist mindset , corruption anywhere , distrust in other people and anyone sticking their head out will get cut down . 
  hard work is useless if do n't do smart work at the same time . 
  time is what it takes . 
  it 's hard becoming non-religious in many religious society 's regardless of location . 
  goverment should not ignore this . 
  hmm freedom of religion , how about freedom from religion ? 
  there seem to be some folks that continiously post racist comments , but : do not mistake racism with [ statistics ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime ) . 
  political correctnes has gone too far when anyone pointing to '' negative '' statistics concerning immigrants ( / culture/country/immigrants / foreigners etc is immidiately called a racist . 
  now then , i 'm not against immigration if it goes hand in hand with integration . 
  placing people in '' groups '' for research enables us to look at the bigger picture and see patterns . 
  with that we can also see which immigrant group does the most crime or adapts the best , because there are big big differences . 
  indonesians in the netherlands adapted pretty well even while being treated like shit by the goverment , while moccocans do not . 
  i remember an article from the head of police in amsterdam about immigrants from 2 african countries , one overal integrated perfectly and placed much value on education , while the group from the other country placed low values on education and had high crime rates . 
  in my view this is the biggest reason why there or so many problems concerned with this topic . 
  politicans ca n't discuss this without being called a racist , ( which many people in this thread seem to do ) thus every issue that comes up with this is immidiately ignored and sweet talked . 
  and that is frikking wrong , because your not solving the frikking problem , your letting it grow . 
  a quick note on islam : overal the new generation turks and morrocans only seem to be muslim when it suits them , like when dad is asking about it . 
  and a quick note on genetics : breeding with other '' ethnicity 's '' makes strong baby 's , most of the time the strong traits are dominant while weak traits ( which may be prevailent among that particular ethnicity so they get passed on ) are recessive . 
  so making a baby with a different ethnicity is a good idea healthwise seen . 
  you seem to be having this under control . 
  political correctnes has gone too far when anyone pointing to '' negative '' statistics concerning immigrants ( / culture/country/immigrants / foreigners etc is immidiately called a racist . 
  in my view the biggest reason why there or so many problems concerned with this since politicans ca n't discuss this without being called a racist . 
  ah . . stormfront . . the idiots . 
  well that 's the theory anyways , the countries you have named are n't the best examples of a secular society . 
  french guiana ? 
  help me out here , by '' catalonian independence '' does that purely include the province catalonia ( pop : 7,5 mil ) , or the entire catalan area of : catalonia , valencia and the baeleric islands ? 
  ( total pop : 13,7 mil ), 
  are n't the balearic islands supposed to be catalan as well ?
