the way we go on about the belgiums you would assume we would be some damn borderline racist about those damnit - adorable when mad due to their soft sweet accent - belgiums . 
  same the other way around i assume , we would be slaving each other to no end if it were not for those damned borders and basic human rights , ah such a pity . . 
  differences are in cultural religious identity , church records , baptised , practicing members etc. 
  and with the immigrants it 's overstated because they are usually young and of a reproductive age , in some years they will be those numbers . 
  russia is/was just one of the imperialist players , not worse not better . 
  so import nurses and problem is solved ? 
   i was in the uk about three months ago , and it was n't robots who were doing the plumbing or fixing a family friend 's window panes . 
  i saw humans in reflective vests repairing the roads , i never once purchased food from a robot ( even at sainsbury 's and pret ) , and every bus i traveled on was driven by a human . 
  these are not unskilled jobs . 
  low skilled maybe , but skilled nevertheless . 
  most unskilled jobs are being eaten away by machines atm , the robots are ready . 
  it will go a little slower for medium to high education which most of the population of north european countries are made of . 
  descended yes , basically assimilated into the general gene pool . 
  it differs per immigrant group how fast that goes , and even if it happens . 
   ( massacring civilians , barrel-bombing cities , suffocating innocents in poisonous gases ) so pretty much all the things isis has done , isis just is better at it . 
  for us it 's agriculture soil , it will open up the market there for european farmers to move there to farm . 
  those are some of the best soils of the world that give really bad harvests , they simply are n't good in farming there . . with the whole bio fuel thingie etc it might help a lot to become energy indepent and green at the same time . 
  for them ? 
  look west not east will probably help them in the long run but not now , if european farmers get a hold in ukraine it will further help to accumulate some wealth there . 
  the unfortunate truth is that in the short time is has been in town they have beaten assad by far in cruelty , massacres , discrimination and sex slavery . 
  assad simply had more time and more power before , now though . . 
  there are no good sides left in syria , but is definately is the worst . 
  now that 's just a bitch slap to russia . 
  there is a reason the revolution has been hijacked by islamists , with almost no moderate rebels left at this point , and that is the silent majority . 
  the loads of impoverished & conservative suburban folk who probably migrated there from rural area 's that took over the revolution from the liberal , western orientated people . 
  assad was good at one thing and that was stumbing down quite violently any other opinion other then his and religious exstremism alas , it was just hiding in the shadows of society boiling out when the right time arose . 
  i do n't understand why we have never allied and crushed the other big powers in europe . 
  besides that , the netherlands , flanders , northern germany , denmark and south sweden are pretty alike . 
  same landscape , same culture , same food & same people . 
  the 2 can be combined , plenty of poles in the netherlands !, 
  mais aswell . 
  ( latin name sea mays ), 
  hmpp there were earthworms in north america , they just had n't reached to the more northern parts yet by the time the europeans arrived , but they would have . 
  the ice sheets pushed them back and they already were gaining ground again . 
  the native indians also did some huge landscaping by burning off forests to create savanna even in virginia and new york , and burning off the underbush of forests to create open forests where lots of favorable edible plants and animals could thrive . 
  they did this on a massive scale , it 's estimated there are more forests now in north america then in the times pre-columbus ( not judging here the landscaping was quite awesome ), 
  hmm well we had some awesome crops beets , parsnips , turnips , brassica 's , salsify and many more root crops and leaf crops , most originally came from the mediterranean but still . 
  many we no longer or rarely eat , due to lower yields , more work growing/cooking and bad flavors which actually can be selected for , some turnip breeds i tasted from japan tasted like slightly unripe honey melon for example . 
  tomatoes , potatoes , mais , peppers/paprika / , beans , pumpkins , squashes , peanut , sweet potato , agave . 
  all came from the new world , the crops they had were excellent and it made for some very high population densities in meso america and in the andes , possibly even higher then china or europe in the time . 
  also we did n't really had a source of sugar here , and only few of our fruits were really sweet ( most apples were sour/bitter and used to make cider for example ) sugar was one of those things that greatly fueled colonism . 
  it was only after the sugar beet that that changed . 
  from everywhere , albeit the poles tent to stay more in rural area 's . 
  well you have really good farmers - they had to apply and only the best got the oppertunity to rent or buy agriculture land . 
  then you have urk an inbred religious old fishing town . 
  the centers of lelystad and almere in my experience are mainly inhabited by loads of immigrants and somewhat poorer folk , including lot 's of ( ex ) criminals that some decades ago were causing loads of trouble in the bijlmer that were replaced there resulting in criminal activity in those cities . 
  the centers were build when there was a huge shortage of homes in the netherlands so really shitty ugly houses were build there at godspeed . 
  the outer newer build neighborhoods are usually nieuwbouw , vrijstaande or 2 onder een kap woningen with loads of space and green which are inhabited by more well off people . 
  all in all much potential with good infrastructure and green public spaces , but shitty grey houses that attracted some less nice people and results in a depressive atmosphere . 
  seceding is still quite different from being annexed by russia , they had a vote coming up for independence but they are hardly independ now . 
  - independent basques by voting per province - independent scotland by voting - independent catalunya by voting ( because i do n't think madrid has a good influence on catalunya ) - united ireland - united islands of faroe , shetlands & orkney \u00b4 s - united netherlands with flanders + some dutch speaking french parts by voting . 
  - having a vote on elzas lotheringen wanting to join germany - south tyrol with austria - majority hungarian area 's bordering hungary ( so no szekely 's ) in slovakia , serbia & romania to hungary by voting per region . 
  - kosovo united with albania ( balkan has suffered enough already so no more changes there ) - moldavo united with romania , transnistria to ukraine . 
  - karelia to finland - perhaps istanbul & saint petersburg as independent city states - kaliningrad/koningsberg as an independent country of which i would be dictator for a couple of years , teaching them english , building cycling paths everywhere , inviting dutch farmers , maintaining old pre war houses and selling them to europeans to live , making it a free social place allowing any eu citizin in to live or travel - no population removals or any of the like . 
  which is what i meant with it . 
  neccesity is the mother of invention , if they keep this up it will be some seasonal years ahead of them but after that ? 
  besides many russians also still produce their own food in their gardens or dacha 's . 
  it 's a recent minority that was once forcing the native population of speaking their language by force and did some other fucked up things as well . 
  they should count themselves lucky that after the shit they have done the estonians did n't go genocidal/ethnic violence on their asses . 
  lol , it 's an ethnic group split in 4 countries , this could have some big consquences . 
  although i dislike russia 's policies this might actually be true . 
  russia should be one of the biggest food exporters in the world not an importer ( same as ukraine ) the soil is extremely fertile and massive , though much land is very cold it could still be well suitable for some hardy grains such as barley or buckwheat or perhaps just grass for livestock . 
  there are also vast pieces of land in a warmer climate north of the caucacus . 
  they are managed extremely poorly and have been managed poorly for centuries even the nazi 's had a plan to move 1/3 of netherlands population to ukraine to get agriculture production up there . 
  yield gains are extremely easily made there . 
  likewise , i used '' we '' in the sense of the western world or europe . 
  yea but why does lithuania top the list while other ex-sovjets countries are a lot lower ? 
  oh just wait a little untill isis gains popularity in gaza , then we will be back cheering at them as they bomb the hell out of the extremists . 
  [ ( not even kidding ) ] ( http://pando.com/2014/07/16/vocativs-ridiculous-i-s-i-s-story-fails-to-mention-the-companys-deep-links-to-israeli-intelligence/ ), 
  why are the rates so high ? 
  you mean how we are torn between 2 sides that are equally corrupt assholes both being oligarchies just the side we 're supporting now in turn of some sketchy trade deal even poorer and more corrupt then the other one , albeit less dangerous with a population in some area 's that might actually wanted to be part of russia ? 
  while we are both financially linked with both of the countries ? 
  offcourse we 're not pushing hard power on the issue , it 's not a black and white situation . 
  mali is torn between colonial borders , libya is a complete mess now ruled by tribal leaders on a constant verge of war who might actually be worse then saddam . 
  syria is a proxy war between russia and usa + sauds where usa actually aids & trains quite extremist rebel groups . 
  the situation after wars in afganistan and iraq looks quite bad aswell . 
  while usa continues to have some real sketchy allies with sketchy trade deals in the area . 
  so tell me , how is america doing good in foreign policy ? 
  it 's not pivotting that 's important here . . it 's turning away from the direction america itself is going now , it 's starting to form more and more like an oligarchy that shares power through and with corperations . 
  while slowly killing off social services through a broken media and democratic system . 
  slowly eating up the middle class helped by a increasingly broken education system that fails to deliver talent that it then imports . 
  it will result in america being unable to adapt to new challanges in the new century . 
  murica needs to pull it 's shit together . 
  happy to see them using freedom of expression to show support for a taliban-like organisation , it 's the rest of us that do n't express our disstress at this , muting ourselfes and ignoring it , is what 's very wrong here . 
  politicians do n't care , mainstream news organisations even cut the flags out of their reporting . 
  putting attention to it is racist or something like that . 
  the pearl of the baltic sea where german intellectuals came to enjoy hollidays . . 
  the group is mixed with lower class and middle class , it relates directly to the immigration policy seeing how these groups often support jihadi 's and supply them . 
  [ bonus here is a pro-palastine demonstration in the netherlands . 
  the police has actually escorted journalists out because the crowd got aggresive . 
  oh and it 's isis flags , lovely eh ? 
  plus : jews often were not allowed to farm , which caused them to master other trades . 
  trades that become more common and profitable after the industrial revolution which meant the end of the agriculture dominated economy . 
  the ashkenezi jews were also big in education , spending lots of time teaching their children . 
  jealousy was a big part of the hate , ( self ) segregation another one . 
  perhaps you know this ? 
  from what i have heard ethnic/cultural/religious barriers started dissappearing in the first half of the 20th century with a lot of inbreeding taking place especially between germans , jews & poles . 
  which to me somehow makes the results of the 2nd world war so far worse ... 
   in europe and we 're a hungry bunch , so perhaps we will be the aggressors looking for resources outside of europe . 
  god damnit . . new rule : no flying above conflict zones . .
