  i updated my post . 
  i updated my post . 
  i updated my post . 
  yes i would be happy with that , whether the people there would be happy with it i do n't know . 
  but a local referendum concerning the placement of refugees and more important the number would be probably be enough for them to accept it , the politicians would also have to accept it though . 
  i edited my post btw to include sources . 
  which is why i support a more direct democracy , majority of the netherlands want less migration , less refugee 's and more closed borders . 
  these days the only political party that is really rallying to reduce the refugee 's and migration is the pvv , a party that is nationalistic and very socialistic ( amusingly they are quite similar to the sp , which hates them ) . 
  one that is more in the middle or economic right might want to reduce these things as well but does not want to vote for national socialists . 
  a direct democracy with referendums such as in swiss reduces the need for political parties . 
  for those that had said it was their time to voice their opinion , there hardly was . 
  they had 3 days before the announcement and implementation of this plan . 
  3 days . 
  this is beyond democratic . 
  entrepreneurs and also want-to-be home builders were used to waiting years , some 10 , before being allowed to build anything , this however could be done in no time . 
  and why ? 
  well ... 
  the local government screwed up with some ground deal , loosing 12,5 million euros on it . 
  so when the local government led by socialists ( pvda ) and progressive liberals ( d66 ) of which many were n't even living there ( local government was bigger then that city of 10k ) were approached by the coa ( organ for the refugee camps ) on 11 december they had to move fast . 
  because if they did n't coa would find a different place ( january was too late ) . 
  and they announced they had more then enough other possible places and local governments interested in placing a refugee center in their village . 
  thus the local politicians uneager to announce a loss of 12,5 million and spent less for a while , decided to place a refugee centre . 
  i doubt the locals had any say in it whatsoever , this is how democracy goes these days . 
  so was it smart to storm the building ? 
  well in this case i do n't know . 
  but they at least did not injure people . 
  there were some reports they were n't locals either but hooligans from elsewhere , which would be convenient . 
  edit : some 70 people were part of the raid , most were locals , all 14 arrested were locals . 
  also in this thread many people say the anti 's are the minority , this is not true . 
  the majority of the netherlands want no more refugee 's and want the borders to be more closed . 
  edit 2 : source for the statement : [ '' the majority of the netherlands want no more refugee 's and want the borders to be more closed . 
  '' ] ( https://politiek.tpo.nl/2015/03/29/opiniepeiling-maurice-de-hond-meerderheid-nederlanders-steunt-sluiten-buitengrenzen/ ) it 's recent by maurice the hond . 
  here are some interesting sources on the perception of islamic immigration to the netherlands , [ of which 55 % says the immigration from these countries should stop . ] ( http://sargasso.nl/wvdd/pvv-peiling-maurice-de-hond-72-nederlanders-voor-grondwettelijk-verbod-op-sjaria/ ) . 
  [ here is a source that mentions it were mostly locals at the riots in geldermalsen . ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2015/12/live_persconferentie_in_gelder.html#comments ) . 
  i also edited the government to local government which included geldermalsen , since that 's what i meant . 
  some polls taken by a left-wing newspaper asked whether the eu borders must be open for refugee 's , [ 66 % disagreed in august . ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2015/08/68_volkskrant-lezers_wil_grenz.html ) . 
  in december the same country asked whether eu members should guard their own borders again , [ 88 % agreed . ] ( http://www.geenstijl.nl/mt/archieven/2015/10/zij_zijn_de_88_procent.html ) . 
  [ there was even an article in the volkskrant that mentioned that open borders will destroy the welfare state . 
  ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/opinie/met-open-grenzen-is-de-welvaartsstaat-ten-einde~a4207437/ ) so gutmenschen of the netherlands on reddit , how about you stop repeating the same bullshit about '' muu netherlands shares all my ideals and everyone that disagrees is a bad bad nazi hooligan '' because it 's bullshit . 
  step out of your bubble and stop accusing me of living in one . 
  yea no . 
  they could have chosen the smarter option of helping the countries the refugees already were in . . you could have helped 10 times as many people with the same money . . now , well now we will be seeing the disintegration of the welfare state , higher debts of countries , disintegration of the common political parties and rise of the more peculiar ones . 
  oh , and it was terribly relevant . 
  the amount of slavic sex slaves important was quite some . 
  that 's some historic weakness for slavic women right there , so really it 's only your nationalistic ego that has been hurt here . 
  he commented :  turkish men might die without the annual import of russian women . 
  we have a historical weakness for slavic women ... 
  guess what ? 
  you surely do . 
  very true indeed , common knowledge for everyone here . 
  in his case : how can i make a nationalistic remark to make turkey look good . 
  in my case : yes very good indeed . 
  but reality is bitch and should at all times remain hidden to fester our disney ideals on the world . 
  dream on . 
  yea you definitely do . 
  [ the crimean khanate maintained a massive slave trade with the ottoman empire and the middle east until the early eighteenth century . 
  in a process called `` harvesting of the steppe '' , crimean tatars enslaved slavic peasants . 
  the polish-lithuanian commonwealth and russia suffered a series of tatar invasions , the goal of which was to loot , pillage , and capture slaves into `` jasyr '' . 
  [ 18 ] the borderland area to the south-east was in a state of semi-permanent warfare until the 18th century . 
  it is estimated that up to 75 % of the crimean population consisted of slaves or freed slaves . 
  [ 19 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_the_ottoman_empire ), 
  it is a general truth observed in psychology , although canada might be doing some things differently . 
  when kids are young they tent to mix with other groups , when they get older they will reduce this and form more ties with their own cultural group . 
  that kids play together might not say that much . 
  the same reason the most extreme christians in the netherlands today live on the border between protestant netherlands ( north ) and catholic netherlands ( south ) , it 's called the bible belt . 
  when you grow up in an area where your group , religion , culture etc is in close proximity with other groups , that might pose a threat to your group or identity , you become more extreme in your beliefs . 
  it 's the great failure of multiculti that nobody acknowledges , some groups integrate but others do the opposite , becoming more extreme then what they once were or where they once came from . 
  instead of moving on your stagnating as a society . 
  then how are they clogging up the system ? 
  ca n't blame them indeed , should blame our own stupid government and germany . 
  take fingerprints , picture , passport data etc in one system and let all countries see into it ... 
  within a few hours into the asylum process they can be turned away ... 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  it took 30 years for the rise and fall of the wealthiest , most equal , trusting and non-corrupt country the world has ever seen due to mass migration of non-skilled , non western migrants . 
  open borders and a welfare state is an impossible feet and will simply lead to a less developed more average country . 
  we will see the slow destruction of the welfare state for an american model - if we are lucky . 
  probably could not at this time , although he already is a semi-dictator . 
  but if he plays his cards right he could . 
  first he needs to strengthen his influence in the military , he has already done this during the last years removing the secular army top that could overthrow him . 
  if he does this , and then try to get is , ypg and assad attack him he can go warmode and become the defacto dictator . 
  he already tried this during the last week by shooting at the ypg in syria trying to get them to fire back but they did n't bite . 
  do that some more , also with is and assad , some false flag attacks and we are there . 
  also stirring the wasp nests that are the turkish kurds , some rules to cause turkification and boom goes the nest in a full fling civil war . 
  although that would cause to much damage , more then i think he would allow to for his neo-ottoman goals . 
  if he would work together with the kurds he could effectively expant his influence on iraq and syria , although that would take a lot of work but it is doable . 
  it just requires going less ethnic nationalistic and more ottoman multi-ethnic nationalistic . 
  just like erdogan does , we are getting played . 
  bet they did n't wander into the country . 
  so they all are attracted to the same man ? 
  awesome , this is a good thing . 
  i ca n't wait before the pro-unlimited-mass-immigration crowd has to criticize the same people they now protect and victimize . 
  perhaps we can even have an open discussion surrounding islamic ideology without being labeled a racist or islamophobe . 
  one can dream . 
  never on this scale , a chance for refuge is the bait that attracts them . 
  it 's the bleeding heart liberals that hold the rod with the bait attached . 
  it would be funny if i were n't living in the eu . 
  from what i heard : * start company , do this by bribing officials . 
  * do business , bribe company people * police come around for their share , you need protection no ? 
  ( from them ) , bribe them . 
  * firemen come around for their share , you need firemen no ?
