  as seen in the template i linked the country is torn between rebel groups with isis now advancing . 
  it 's hardly a country anymore and perhaps would be better if split-up . 
  no your analogy does not makes sense , your still not getting it . 
  there is a demand for human traffickers that goes down when it becomes more expensive and riskier . 
  no i 'm not , i 'm explaining why it 's bullshit but your not getting it . 
  which i already answered ... 
  there is a demand for drugs , quite a big one with that . 
  fight the drugs coming to the country and supply gets lower while demand is still there resulting in higher prices for the drugs , resulting in more drug smuggling . 
  there is no demand here for illegal refugees , the opposite is true . 
  often it \u00b4 s an investment , which in this case means that increasing the risk or price in the venture , while the reward remains the same the number of people willing to invest goes down . 
  rendering this approach probably successful . 
  oh and there certainly is something going on the war of drugs . 
  there is quite a surge in interest towards other types of drugs , often synthetic that can be manufactured at home . 
  which ultimately may cause the downfall of some drug routes and empires but will not reduce problems with drugs , perhaps even increasing them . 
  here you go btw , [ look at this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ), 
  smuggling more expensive = less people trying it . 
  will the conditions become worse ? 
  does n't have to , and it 's already bad . 
  this operation is meant to save billions of euro 's since the costs for europe when they land in europe is very high . 
  and yes i agree we should be investing in these countries . 
  but it can disrupt the supply , limit the amount and make smuggling more expensive . 
  there is a market value to a successful cross-over and that wo n't increase when the supply will be lower , whereas drugs will become more expensive due to an actual demand in drugs on the other side . 
  i doubt they will target the boats with actual people in them . . 
  so targeting human traffickers , can someone explain to me why this is so bad ? 
  ps , the shots of the dead migrants on the beach are the direct result of these human traffickers . 
  [ template from wiki of what group is in control of what territory in libya . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template:libyan_civil_war_detailed_map ), 
  groundwater was residue of a coal mine and the natural gas in water was , well natural gas in water that had been reported in the region for hundreds of years . 
  to my knowledge it also happened to some back lucked glasshouse growers who invested in geographic heat retraction by pumping water from 2000m down up , it was n't going well due to the oil and natural gas that was in the same water deposits . 
  that said , it does n't mean it ca n't happen . 
  what is known is that there is little control on fracking and if it 's done via the law ( like fucking up and leaking chemicals everywhere ) and that in the usa they use a lot more chemicals that are no good were they to leak to the environment to improve the '' yield '' of fracking . 
  the economy will be weird as fuck in 2100 , it 's incredible hard to imagine what atomization and mechanization will do . 
  as long as it 's consensual sex between 2 + person of legal age what they do is their concern . 
  the whole it 's not '' natural '' debate is what the whole issue stands on , and thats clearly a bullshit argument since it has been shown in many many animals . 
  even homosexual , necrophiliac rape is common in ducks , so who gives a fuck what is natural or not ? 
  did an internship in punjab , got some indian friends and after some months they really opened up . 
  indians are really just people some good some bad , with some old values vs new values struggles , some really bad cultural traits and some surprisingly pleasant ones and with the amount of poverty a surprisingly lack of progroms , genocides and lynchings . 
  after the internship i traveled a bit and well these spiritual tourists are something . . 
  they think positively alright , ignoring all the shit happening around them . 
  or make it independent , make polish and german official mandatory languages and let some old prussians be able to buy old property back more cheaply , so it can be properly restored . 
  then encourage immigration from the eu by investing massively in the area . 
  because honestly , you guys germans have chosen the path of self-extermination by choice by not having any babies and do not have the people to inhabit it . 
  do n't forget the small dutch area in france west of flanders . 
  it 's the most awesome border in the world , no need to throw it away . 
  apologies , north is safe . 
  my apologies , north is safe . 
  the point your overlooking is that there are safe parts in the countries they are fleeing from , thus it is not necessary for them to move a continent away to be safe . 
  not to mention the countries in between that are safe . 
  and in egypt were only 1500 , it 's an entirely different situation now . 
  lets see , eritrea is quite a mess , with state slavery , no freedom and dictator and all that . 
  somalia is only unsafe in the northern parts , southern part is open for tourism . 
  nigeria is only unsafe in some northern parts , south is still perfectly safe . 
  guinea , honestly no idea but i assume it 's safe but economically not so good . 
  ebola only in some coastal area 's egypt is quite safe . . 
  very few of them have an actual reason to apply as a refugee , it 's mainly economical . 
  lets see , south somalia is safe and open for tourism , north is in the shitters . 
  eritrea , granted is quite a mess with basically state slavery . 
  only some northern most parts of nigeria are unsafe . 
  afganistans pashtun area 's are mostly swamped with taliban but the remaining area 's are quite safe , iran is extending it 's influence quite a lot on the persian-ish area 's . 
  north somalia is in the shitters , the south is still safe and available for tourist destinations . 
  iraqi kurdistan is safe and also the southern more shia area 's . 
  for sunni-arab iraqi 's the situation is quite shitty , first going from having all the power under saddam to no power at all under the current government leading the this sectarian civil war that mainly takes place in these area 's , albeit not all these area 's are broken . 
  would be the same as the netherlands taking in 250.000 germans , belgiums , french or english compared to population and neighbouring countries . 
  would n't mind . 
  and honestly , take the minorities/educated ones and there would still be less friction . 
  syrian refugees are on an entirely different level then somali , eritrean or supposedly refugees from west-africa . 
  too bad there are also significant costs , or rather missing income due to legislation like this . 
  yes it 's sad but the example you gave is n't . 
  the cartoonist were closer to home , in the same union and in a country that usually promotes these things . 
  definitely plays a factor , i know a non-educated 23 year old with 4 children of 3 different fathers with with her and all fathers on welfare , her living in a caravan . 
  her younger sister goes the same way and her mother had 12 children . 
  evolutionary they are the winners . 
  metabolism & fat distribution ? 
  probably has a lot of influence , but probably not as much as nyyriri thinks , it 's probably culture . 
  breed esti 's breed . 
  always the victims . 
  my bubble ? 
  which part of this bubble lets me accept the genocide can you show me ? 
  and really ? 
  ~ ~ armenians ~ ~ jews did nothing ? 
  it was all out of blue ? 
  one day ~ ~ turks ~ ~ germans woke up and said lets kill a whole nation just why not . 
  is that it ? 
  with no motivation ? 
  you can , search for the original telegrams of thalaat . 
  step outside your nationalistic turkish bubble , the armenians did not betray turkey it was the other way around . 
  if 2 million germans , belgiums or brits would be displaced by a civil war taking them would be very different then 2 million from a country a continent away . 
  simply due to less cultural differences , would n't mind it that much . 
  also many of the issues now are not from real refugees but from economic migrants pretending to be refugees . 
  ca n't say anything negative about the way turkey handles the refugees issue . 
  good luck trying to attract investments when your threatening to step out every other day . 
  we are not cheap , we just do n't like a house to be a fucking sauna . 
  it 's winter wearing a sweater is normal , does n't mean it 's not comfortable . 
  you sleep better , you do n't sweat as much , storage is longer and you do n't pay for some stupid shit . 
  it probably is a way to get the parliament and governments to unify more for foreign policy . 
  there was an interview with a pro-ttip dutch politician in the ep , he mentioned that the way the us behaves during the negotiations is harsh and being '' superior '' alpha which means you have to compromise too much to the us while the eu politicians were much more giving and being '' beta '' . 
  this while he mentioned that the eu could do this as much or more to the us , that it 's the us that should compromise much more . 
  ca n't it be bought back ? 
  it should . 
  there is a reason why lower classes vote for anti-immigration parties .
