  some deviation on the numbers i can accept in favor of dutch criminal activities , but not the crime rates as they are . 
  wrong , novorossiysk ( north west of sochi ) is a deep warm water port that the russian navy uses . 
  the fleet actually spents a lot of time there . 
  then you also havi sochi which could also be used . 
  eu is divided , lots of russian bussiness interests that are making the spectrum grey . 
  even while the situation in ukraine is pretty gray as well , there still are the same rich people in charge . 
  russia does n't need crimea for a port , they have 2 other deep water ports they could use and are using atm as well . 
  russia wants crimea . 
  i fear more what the effect is of the load of cultural baggage ( good & bad ) then the actual people , mixed racials often are pretty people . 
  usually it was cultural assimilation though , with conquerers usually taking up leader positions . 
  the genes of the english ilses still are 95 % celtic , with a little bit german added , even though there were many germanic groups that invaded the isles over time . 
  | lesss state , more privatization . 
  i disagree , privatization can be a blessing as well as a curse it entirely depends on what is being privatised , i actually like socialism in certain sectors like health , public transport , ownership of the infrastructure etc for the simple reason it works better is cheaper and most importantly less dangerous . 
  thus i see it as non of eu 's bussiness to force privatizations . 
  every parlement should have a guillotine in the garden , just as a little reminder . 
  sums it up pretty well . 
  never knew that , it shouldnt have been supported in that case , and a referendum had to be pushed . 
  sounds good , and why stop there ? 
  let them ask for compensation from the african coastal tribes that captured and enslaved the inland tribes . 
  we should do the same too , [ north african ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_slave_trade ) slavers took millions of europeans who never got paid for their labor or suffering . 
  [ the ottoman empire ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery_in_the_ottoman_empire ) was build on slavery and infanticide as well , might as well get some pocket money from them as well . 
  and while we are at it we might want to get some old money from the old elites as well after they enslaved us under [ serfdom . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serfdom ) . 
  the irish might also ask for some compensation from the [ british ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/history/irish-the-forgotten-white-slaves-says-expert-john-martin-188645531-237793261.html ) that sold them in slavery . 
  those many many generations ago . 
  nothing unites a not very united people ( europe ) more then a common enemy . 
  i guess we are still stuck in the cold war mentality , it 's us versus them , never mind that it is n't black and white but ukraine is very divided . 
  there is plenty of shit you can throw on russia , playing dirty , corruption , human rights etc. 
  the blind eye towards europe does surprise me , as if europe is perfect . 
  anyhow , very little has changed . 
  in tsar ukraine , everything was owned by a very small elite and the common folks had nothing . 
  in sovjet ukraine everything was owned by a very small political elite and the common folks had nothing . 
  at the fall of the sovjet union everything was owned by a very small elite that bought everything up and looting the governments money , and the common folk had nothing . 
  after the fall of yanukovych everything is still the same , but now we have slightly more pro-europe , probably still very corrupt billionaires controlling the country . 
  hopefully upcoming elections may improve the situation . . 
  western countries have anti protest laws as well . 
  | that is fairly serious . 
  i cant see ukraine getting this from any source , russia or eu/us . 
  how about getting it from the elites that have plundered many times that number in the last decade . 
  ca n't say i 'm against a little part of ukraine with hungarians going to hungary , the part in this map is way too big though . 
  peacefull yes , but they had a further autonomy vote upcoming . 
  it can hardly be said it was picture perfect before . 
  would n't it be better to just cut of the tumors and be done with it ? 
  summer is coming though . 
  there is offcourse the possibility russia 's trade will then focus on asia , and that part of the world is resource hungry . 
  in the long run this might not be so bad for russia . . 
  well , there is where the money for ukraine should come from . . 
  might be wrong , but did n't the netherlands already had most of these regislation in place ? 
  and do we need a federal union for this ? 
  a country is made of it 's people , get rid of the elite and a new elite will appear , which does n't has to be less corrupt . 
  the majority in most of these countries also are conservative , and extremely conservative compared to europe , double that compared to northern europe . 
  some progressive middle class living in a city do n't make a majority , something the orginal syrian protesters , for example , learned the hard way . 
  yes accepting more corrupt , poorer , culturally more conservative countries and people in our now federal union , which still has plenty of issues of it 's own corruption , politicians , the way it is structured , divides of between it 's regions , who then also have voting power over all of our decisions would definately benefit us all . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  i would rather know why people here want to have a federal union , instead of another type . 
  indeed . . i guess it finally happened , the eu has become a super power and can and will behave as one towards weaker countries that do n't do what they want , basically behaving like a spoiled dick . 
  i 'm more surprised at the people here that support this . . all coming from weaker countries but somehow forgetting it now they are more powerfull . 
  plendid reaction , thank you . 
  still in my mind this changes little , you agree to be in a relation untill one party says it 's over , when it does you should at all times avoid hurting each other because of it by doing that the eu would just be the sour childish loser accomplishing nothing . 
  are these agreements eternal when they are signed ? 
  or are they signed for a period of time ? 
  as times change , people change , legislation change , situations change . 
  politicians make mistakes . 
  do explain please, 
  a free and sovereign country makes a democratic decision that the eu does not like and here we have the eu immediately ready to punish that country ? 
  plus all these comments here supporting such actions , all these bring out the guillotines comments upvoted . 
  my god you fucking hypocrites !, 
  when it was russia passing legislations to '' punish '' eu ( or eu oriented ) countries russia was literrally satan !, 
  but when it is the eu that does it , it 's suddenly supported ? 
  pffff !, 
  now if only we could annex flanders hmm . . 
  the real turning point of the revolution is coming closer and closer , will it remain a quite peacefull one with a little bit violence like this . 
  will it become bloody ? 
  what will the army do ? 
  what will the police do ? 
  will the elite try to clandestine rid protest leaders ? 
  can they get rid of the corrupt politicians ? 
  can they controll the power of the oligarchs ? 
  can they create a new multi party democratic system ? 
  can they stand united against a common enemy despite different ideals ? 
  all these points have to be adressed correctly or else the revolution will fail or will result in just the same shit all over again , i wish them luck . . 
  same is happening on the dutch countryside , you used to be able to put a haspel on your land to water the crops and leave it overnight , nowadays though you have a big chance it gets taken , combines tractors etc are also high on the list . 
  they usually have gps installed but the thiefs know exactly where the gps is and destroy it , if they do n't find it they take the combine and park it in some random field for some days . 
  if no one comes to take it they know it 's save to take it to eastern europe . 
  everything , it went from a pretty racist remark to a pretty clever dark humor joke pointing out the stupidity or ignorants of the gypsy kids giving nazi slurs , all the while gypsies themselves where exterminated amass by the nazi 's . 
  imagine jewish kids giving nazi saludes . 
  the dark joke he is making , is that perhaps they forgot nazi 's exterminated them . 
  that perhaps if the nazi 's had killed more of them they would never have idiolised the nazi 's as these kids seem to do now . 
  it 's a petty dark and clever joke especially for a politician to make , as it can be taken out of context very easily as we see here and it takes a bit of thinking to understand . 
  this seems like the important kind of detail that should be at the top . . 
  agreed , but the point is peacefull was tried by the people and it got destroyed by violence . 
  a movement without a face is difficult indeed gandhi succeeded partly ( even though he failed to gather enough support to keep the country together ) because the british saw it as a failed cause and were already in the problem of de-colonisation . 
  what i mean is the people are divided , do n't know what they want but want the current corrupt government gone and that is extremely difficult . 
  read recently that 85 % of ukrains gdp was created by the richest 50 oligarchs in the country , who got their wealth after the fall of the sovjet union , what do you make of that ? 
  do they control the government ? 
  is ukrains poverty also the result of these differences ? 
  should n't ukrains natural resources belong to it 's people not to a few wealthy individuals ? 
  what is the situation for oligarchs in russia , and russia 's government ? 
  so what your saying is eu gangsters might replace serbs incompetent thugs ? 
  so basically a protest of ignorants based on the horseshit movie of food inc. . plendid . . * intensive mass animal farming ( heavily funded by german government ) * - in ( especially western ) europe not the type you will see in food inc , there 's good regulation here that makes sure the animals are treated with good care . 
  at the same time the number of farmers is declining and meat consumptions rising .
