  part of the protestant movement was translate the bible and to educate people to read the bible for themselves . 
  in essence learning them how to read the basic start of education for the big part of the population . 
  this opened the door for all of the rest , this later was also adapted by non-protestant countries as it was very successful . 
  most likely australia , new zealand , chil\u00e9 or canada because no european country will come close to fulfilling the conditions to joining any time soon . 
  ( or want to , or should do ) ), 
  you have n't really been following politics have you ? 
  it did , it was the main perpetrator of the renaissance , science and education for all . 
  the work ethic is in all of northern europe , we just happen to call it calvinistic in the netherlands . 
  hell , the dutch all losing it , me included , especially compared to the polish here . 
  sure , importing loads of people with no basic education , no german language skills , no calvinistic work ethnic , no stimtheid culture , high context culture , higher crime rates and no further education in a time when low education jobs are being automatized at an extreme pace definitely is an amazing blessing . 
  it 's as if your importing pensioners of other countries that you need to pay for until the day they die . 
  now if they left out the non-western immigrants and only accepted higher educated ones i would certainly agree with you . 
  even though they might even decide just to make children themselves . 
  it has a very big effect , at least on the arab spring which was preceded by droughts in the years before that caused rural populations to move to the cities . 
  ( it must be said that applying the same type of intensive ag in arid area 's as done in europe is not such a good choice . 
  they need to spare water and increase organic matter in their soils even more then we do , and that goes awfully wrong there ) the same has already happened in the us a century ago and in europe overall after ww2 , although it was kickstarted by the industrial revolution earlier . 
  but should it have such a big effect ? 
  well , looking at developing/developed countries not necessarily . 
  it 's just a big shock that happens when the economic activity of agriculture that has been dominant since the start of agriculture disappears , together with many children ( only 1 can farm the land and even then the economy of scale forces that 1 to sell the land and stop farming ) there still is plenty of jobs to be done in these countries , there however is a limit . 
  especially if you do n't have a culture that values education or science . 
  thus they , and we , need to find a new '' use '' of humans . 
  because we are getting useless in an ever faster pace . 
  they might come here in europe , but alas there are no/few jobs here as well for them , especially for the rural uneducated . 
  so they will end up as another social underclass , that weigh down the rest of the population , in a time where there already is big difficulties , which in turn will get them hated . 
  what reason is there that other countries can not reap the benefits of globalization ? 
  why should we have to pa for it ? 
  much of it is superficial anyways and should not costs much at all merely some non-corrupt government . 
  soft malleable children massaged with a romanticized nationalistic past in order to make loyal and good populations of the country . 
  that and disney movies with princesses and talking donkeys and fairy 's , without mention of shit buckets , plagues and serfdom , living happily ever after . 
  but we should have some balance as well , it was n't as if the rest of the world was so picture perfect . 
  they were human beings with all the gory just like us overpowered europeans some centuries back . 
  fair enough . 
  this time we shall add a suicide button . 
  we will dig nuclear bombs under the surface and threaten to press the button lest they try escape from our grasp . 
  i doubt anything that can survive dutch glasshouses can survive russian winter . 
  eating together a lot with friends and family . 
  he , well what about it mods ? 
  people are finding ways to circumvent censoring in pretty effective ways . 
  culture exchange means the bottom completely changed . 
  money is to be made indeed , which can be done a lot better without loads of corruption . 
  if the bottom is able to change some legislation it can effectively also prevent new vultures . 
  the other way is to remove the corrupt top , which will then be taken in by the next layer of corrupt from a lower level . 
  plus the top is powerful enough to protect themselves from persecution . 
  waiting on a corrupt top is very rare , you need the culture to change and that starts at the bottom . 
  begin in the bottom and slowly work up from there, 
  lot 's of people got a lot richer though , everyone takes his share in corruptystan . 
  i has worked in pretty much all of russia . 
  russian got to be the majority among all the turkic , mongol and finno-ugric people 's . 
  russia used to be quite diverse . 
  one of hitlers plans was to move 50 % of the dutch people to ukraine and farm the land there . 
  dutch farmers then , were thought to be the worlds best . 
  that was off course supposed to happen after the ukrainians were kicked out . . ( classic hitler . . ) but they already started during the war and some folks volunteered eager for the large swaths of land they would receive , but most did n't really feel anything for the plan . 
  the stories of the people that went there were simple : they got everything they had stolen from them and were beaten up . 
  so that did n't really work out well . 
  nowadays dutch farmers are still some of the worlds best and the netherlands is one of the biggest agriculture exporters in world with loads of meat , flowers , vegetables ( of which a lot are cucumbers , paprika 's and tomatoes ) and high quality seeds and other planting stocks . 
  the land prices range from 50.000 to 100.000 euros per hectare and thus lots of farmers are selling their land to buy 2 times or 10 times the amount of land for the money they sold it for in the netherlands . 
  they need too as well , you need to be bigger to survive in ag and that means farmers need to quit , at the same time housing and nature development nibs away the ground . 
  ukraine still is n't a big destinations for dutch farmers , the stories of farmers that went there work against it . 
  sure you might have a lot of land to farm , but the amount of corruption sucks real hard . 
  plus densely populated country with little room for resistance , and too many nazi supporters to do it in densely populated area 's . 
  she is polarizing the discussion , she creates a false strawman in which all people against immigration or acceptance of illegal refugees want to them to be '' hunted down , burned or gassed '' . 
  no it 's not , not with the automation of nearly all jobs in existence . 
  and even then you could cut back taxes and encourage making babies instead of importing illiterate migrants that do not share the culture , work ethic , language and basic education . 
  it 's a big bad strawman . 
  fair enough ,, 
  but do n't you get it ?!, 
  everybody gets free money ! / s people that work basically get their money taken as tax and then get some of it back as a basic income . 
  same ol' e as regular welfare , although now someone that works has an incentive to work to get more money instead of staying in welfare since a minimum wage/seasonal job earns him the same as welfare , but on welfare he can do nothing , that is the only good thing that can come out of it . 
  looking at the amount of people that are on chronic welfare in the netherlands . 
  yes you can not work and be happy . 
  just visit some friends , watch some movies , go on holiday and play some games . 
  wonderfully naive . 
  in the netherlands the homeless actually get government money , have they stopped begging ? 
  not that much . 
  then you have the begging gangs , a good beggar can make more then you even if you have a middle class job . 
  [ it 's so profitable gypsy gangs have changed it in a business . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojrgc8pmqu8 ), 
  make babies for estonia . 
  huh . 
  what group makes more children and what group immigrates more ? 
  [ source of germanic tribes in todays poland during roman times ] ( http://peter.mackenzie.org/history/hist33141.htm ) and before that probably celtic-ish tribes and before that something neanderthals or so . 
  it does n't matter in the grand scheme , nazi germany fucked up a lot and then germany got fucked by the soviets . 
  before that it got fucked by a huge reparation sum and an economic crisis and before that germany fucked up other parts of europe . 
  what is ethnic german ? 
  does it even exist ? 
  indeed , plus for a superpower america is extremely mild in abusing it 's power . 
  i like their approach . 
  instead of of lending or giving money you spent it in greece and get something in return . 
  it 's brilliant and helps the common folks and later on the government in taxes . 
  they should just sell sakhalin off to the japanese , they will turn that place around in a decade . 
  ireland has far better climate than russia 's almost permafrost land climate . 
  the season is extremely short with extreme temperatures . 
  i disagree , in europe it 's more a refusal to take chances as they are seen too low for them together with low effort to educate your children ( also in language ) and be good parents overall . 
  so in come the other european immigrants that outperform them in all ways imaginable , because they do want to take the chances and do not see hard jobs with minimum wage as too low for them . 
  '' spending by lending more then i own and probably more then i will ever be able to pay back while implementing austerity aimed at the lower and middle class is good for mu ! '', 
  this seems to be the same for any northern '' right wing '' ` parties . 
  pvv , sd , dp , they are for less immigration but for the rest adhere to a conservative social-welfare state , yet they are all right wing and populist in the eyes of a lot of people that completely ignore their other view points but go on the hating/racist band wagon . 
  yes let 's ignore the number of voters that actively vote for these parties and assume supporters of these parties automatically are racist scum that should not be allowed to have their say spoken here on this forum . 
  nice . 
  tough position , you claim your western , though i doubt how western you are .
