  in case your company gets burned down ( by them ) , bribe them . 
  * mafia comes around for their share , you need protection from criminals ( and them ) right ? 
  bribe them . 
  * then after all that pay your taxes . 
  one problem though you have to take into account with agricultural policies ( or any policy ) and rule added raises the cost of production . 
  europe is among the most regulated blocks in the world in environmental rules etc etc everything . 
  this means the cost to produce in europe is artificially higher then the rest of the world , destroying the '' free market '' idea and making them unable to complete due to well meant politics . 
  yea no . 
  because now they wo n't be accepted anymore and be sent back . 
  and it 's now , especially right now that they are an '' an inflow of illegal immigrants who can only interact with the shadow economy and thus boost organized crime . '', 
  right now anyone can walk into the country and disappear . 
  and they already do disappear . 
  the ones that get sent back do not go back merely some 10 % or so get deported back . 
  only half of the people now get accepted . 
  meaning half of the 1,5 million people that walked through europe 's idealistic stupid borders are in fact now illegal . 
  the big difference is that the refugees were welcome in west-germany , creating an incentive to come here . 
  get rid of the incentive and you will get rid of the reason to jump the fence as well . 
  and still any fence works at reducing numbers a lot , not completely , but a alot . 
  the irony is strong in all of this . 
  islam was the religion hitler had utmost respect for and was used as the basis for the new germanic pagan warrior belief system they tried to implement . 
  so now everyone hates the nazi 's , especially the left is fierce full in this and yet they import people of this religion ? 
  not even sufi 's or the like , but actual fill fledged sunni wahhabi 's . 
  be in greece , be frontex , intercept refugee boat , tow it along back to turkey , destroy the boat and engine , rinse and repeat . 
  not much force needed . 
  does n't answer his question . 
  culture is everything , you can see it by comparing different cultural groups that migrate to a country . 
  you hear no one going on about those damned chinese or indonesians over here , amusingly it 's the chinese and indonesians whining about those other migrants . 
  or a democrat voter for that matter . 
  we see the reverse happening , new generation tent to become more conservative . 
  indeed but i still tent to judge a religion on the text it is written on since that is considered the word of god . 
  christianity has moved on a bit depending what variety of christianity you believe in . 
  trouble is the muslim very much still behave on cult behaviors where only 1 interpretation is allowed in the geographic area , especially in the last decades . 
  christians have almost all but left the middle east , sunni ( wahabism ) and shia are still fighting , sufi is being destroyed just like other streams of islam . 
  the thing is : there are some things you can interpret differently , but there are many things especially in islam that you ca n't . 
  sharia is one of them and is very clear . 
  islam is different from christianity in that it has a whole piece of laws written very clearly for it . 
  indeed but i still tent to judge a religion on the text it is written on since that is considered the word of god . 
  christianity has moved on a bit depending what variety of christianity you believe in . 
  trouble is the muslim very much still behave on cult behaviors where only 1 interpretation is allowed in the geographic area , especially in the last decades . 
  christians have almost all but left the middle east , sunni ( wahabism ) and shia are still fighting , sufi is being destroyed just like other streams of islam . 
  the thing is : there are some things you can interpret differently , but there are many things especially in islam that you ca n't . 
  sharia is one of them and is very clear . 
  islam is different from christianity in that it has a whole piece of laws written very clearly for it . 
  except you know ... 
  this ? 
  : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu spouting the same myth all over again does not make it true . 
  translation what your saying : islam = ok if as long you do n't follow islam . 
  can you still call it islam then ? 
  the extremist have a point . 
  was any sane person surprised by this ? 
  your not importing just people , your importing the culture & religion with it . 
  and with that a very cult-ish authoritarion anti-science religion that has a dead penalty for apostates and homosexuals . 
  hehe , very well . 
  something sounds fishy ... 
  so merkel supports visa free for turkey as a reward for if they strengthen their borders . 
  while at the exact same time europe 's borders are completely open with frontex doing nothing at all ? 
  we are being played here . 
  you should find this interesting : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_savior_narrative_in_film basically : white savior complex shows we as superior whites need to help higher melatonin people as they are perpetual victims and weaker than us . 
  so instead of seeing them as actual grown up thinking humans we tent to see and treat them as if they are children , the arrogance . . 
  but your white , so your a perfect target for a nice bashing , the good thing is that we see you as an adult . 
  having your culture slowly dismantled through russification , i think , has something to do with that attitude . 
  since reading jared diamonds book : '' the world untill yesterday '' i will put '' xenophobic '' under the banner of : '' constructive paranoia '' . 
  it 's not without reason that xenophobic cultures have been quite successful in surviving , if your more eager to see a threat in other people then you will be less likely to be destroyed by them . 
  that 's something to say as an american . 
  http://www.elsevier.nl/nederland/achtergrond/2015/4/welk-bedrag-geeft-de-nederlandse-staat-uit-aan-een-asielzoeker-1746842w/ http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/24109129/__asielzoekers_kosten_860_miljoen__.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/denmark/8492822/denmarks-immigration-laws-save-country-6-billion.html www.nyfer.nl/documents/rapportpvvdef_001.pdf there are some other countries that have also calculated it . 
  keep in mind that these are only the direct costs/benefits . 
  the extra police for the criminality and theft ( and increased insurance costs ) etc are not estimated . 
  ah yes the better live . 
  it just costs 30.000 of tax payers money per refugee per year and the average non-western immigrants costs the state half a million during his/her lifetime . 
  who pays for the better live ? 
  i know who : those '' racists '' do . 
  she did invite everybody but not directly , but indirectly due to not turning any refugee back . 
  due to her denying it , or correcting it , it aggravates the problem to incredible dimensions which will cost billions of euro 's in the coming decade . 
  you see what happens now across the middle east and africa . 
  the opposite , social capital will be reduced due to no one caring or trusting other people anymore , not feeling at home in their own countries . 
  and thus individualism ensures the death of socialism , as is already happening . 
  that 's because the western bloc was open to them . 
  i do n't know . . 
  i actually think bernie has chance to attract votes from the conservatives due to his stance for workers and small business . 
  he will have to tone down the socialism for that though and become more conservative especially on immigration . 
  interesting , could be one factor i guess . 
  i doubt it , i mean they are probably afraid of constanta , but the borders already are quite open with constanta growing . 
  the whole ports thing is not that profitable as well , it carries high investments and low returns . 
  freedom of religion is no absolute freedom , many of the religious beliefs of islam but also christianity and judaism goes against human rights and core european values . 
  honestly , if most dutch people knew how much romania is improving they might think differently , keep in mind that even for you romanians this was quite unexpected some years ago . 
  so do n't be surprised or hurt by our stances . 
  but i do n't believe you or we are there quite yet especially considering the mess we are in now . 
  honestly , if most dutch people knew how much romania is improving they might think differently , keep in mind that even for you romanians this was quite unexpected some years ago . 
  so do n't be surprised or hurt by our stances . 
  but i do n't believe you or we are there quite yet especially considering the mess we are in now . 
  eastern europe is going to be the savior of the eu . 
  when the '' enemy '' start to make more sense then your allies you know someone fucked up badly . 
  because they do not agree with the content of the news because it goes against their ideals . 
   syria was an extremely safe place before assad started murdering peaceful protestors . 
  they fled meaning they are conflict zones from the start of the civil war . 
  syria also was n't extremely safe , the secret police tortured an masse those who they thought said something against the regime . 
  in 2005 there was an uprising in homs and not much later one in hasakah were the kurds have - as any area been victim to arabisation . 
   lol , isis is gon na have to step up its fucking game if it wants to be half as traumatizing as the cartels . 
  the worst those guys do is decapitate , which is almost absurdly mild by cartel standards . 
  many fled from violence , be it from the regime , isis , fsa , nusra or any other group that took power .
