does the fact that ireland is a neutral state cause the sway in opinion on rejecting a european army . 
  i would n't mind personally if the eu put together a force to dissuade russia from encroaching in the east . 
  i do n't think ireland would contribute to it because of our own stance but if a number of countries within the union want to consolidate and cooperate let them at it ? 
  now that we have our own pocket money and have gotten used to being a first world country we finally get to indulge in exploiting other nations and indentured workforces like the rest of western europe !, 
  thank you !!, 
  i 've always avoided fair trade , the bitter coca is only truly balanced by the sweetness of human suffering . 
  its why i also favour the products of sweat shops , nothing encourages a good double-stitch like fear of the lash !, 
  staggeringly the ni contingent made up of the dup all leave vote , because cross-border relations and communities be-damned in the face of unionist sentiment . 
  ni 's sinn fein also refuse to take their seats in westminster so despite being for remain their votes will not be counted . 
  you had the absolute best of the eu in terms of rebates , exemptions and status . 
  why do some british think that the rest of the eu had to continue to capitulate to every single demand the uk brought forward ; you had an amazing deal which never managed to satisfy . 
  arriving in brussels demanding more special treatment or ` we 're leaving ' was absolutely petulant . 
  this is supposed to be a union of equals ; if you 're optional extras were n't enough then fine . 
  as for the cash cow idea it has been stated ad nauseam that access to the single market and large rebate more than made up for the cost of membership . 
  ireland 's also bringing in a sugar tax on things like fizz drinks to try and curb obesity , especially in the younger generations ; i really do find the difference between the uk and ireland on that map hard to believe . 
  i think natural recolonisation such as a possible move back into denmark , indicates a favourable ecosystem capable of successfully supporting wild animals and should be encouraged . 
  in this case it would simply be the movement and possible colonisation of wolves across bordering forests . 
  there is huge positive potential for the resurgence in middle-sized/large carnivores across europe , through ecotourism , top-down trophic control , increased biodiversity etc. 
  predators regulate populations of prey animals beneath them on the food web , the resurgence in the pine martin in ireland for instance has seen them target the invasive grey squirrel , which out competes the native red . 
  encouraging pine martin expansion assists with the return of red squirrels as well as improved forestry with less trees damaged by greys . 
  with wolves there comes a natural concern from rural locals about their safety and that of their livestock ; education and conflict mitigation are crucial , so funding conservation bodies , monitoring animal movement and behaviour ( which is what i do ) are crucial to minimise negative interactions . 
  europeans have become very accustomed to a lack of natural predators across the continent , however looking abroad to the us and canada with cougar , bears , wolves , alligators etc we can see that accepting and integrating wildlife can be successfully maintained . 
  humans are innately self-interested and short sighted , so perhaps we should n't let locals farmers dictate conservation practices as can be seen in this farcical cull . 
  biodiversity management and policy should be driven by educated conservationists in consultation with governmental bodies and locals who may be impacted by the return or expansion of natural predators . 
  i do n't propose a collapse of agriculture to make way for wilderness but i do think wolves etc have a place and should n't be needlessly destroyed . 
  i 'm a zoologist who works with large predators in the wild , the fact you seem to believe wolves should be actively exterminated from your country to protect livestock , or whatever inane reason , is disgusting . 
  the government should either subsides losses to wolves or perhaps farmers should innovate to protect their stock better . 
  farmers pay for vaccines and care , they can also see to their protection , rather than leaving norway a barren plain with only bleating sheep to be seen . 
  well 52 % of the british electorate ` snubbed ' the eu so there is a precedent already in place . 
  the potential mass return of pensioners from their enclaves in southern europe , who 'll falter at the first frost , will also be a big boon to the nhs system !, 
  canada has ceta with the european union , australia and new zealand are in tpp and have rightly spent decades pivoting towards and asian market , south africa is devolving into a basket case and india is a rising potential world power ; the lunacy that the uk thinks that it can ( stripped of its position of power in the eu ) now summon common wealth countries to the table for uk positive trade deals is staggering . 
  thats quite the contradictory statement . 
  apple is indeed concerned with their location and tax system , namely that it is within the european single market so it can export and import to the eu without charge . 
  since the uk may be pulled out of the single market with tariffs returning , there is no chance apple would move there/outside the market . 
  how would it ease brexit for the uk ; there is little chance that tech giants will move to britain since it wo n't be an eu state in the foreseeable future . 
  best for them to remain in ireland where they have access to the single market , highly trained english speaking populace , and a still very low tax regime ( 12.5 % ) . 
  as long as these would-be parents are adopting children , even if they have a preference for a child of the same race , is n't that what really matters ? 
  do people judge woman who use sperm donors for the race of the child she eventually produces . 
  these parents may not want a child which looks radically different from them so other people ( or the child if its young enough ) do n't know on sight that it 's adopted . 
  these adoptive parents spend thousands and go through heartbreak regularly to bring children into their lives , if they want to adopt one that ` fits ' the family then they should be allowed to , otherwise another child remains in the system . 
  the emperors hadrian and antoninus pius would argue precedent !, 
  thats a very good longer-term point that if the republic absorbed the nationalistic counties the chance of the unionist strongholds coming over is almost nil . 
  at least with a six county ni there is a chance in the future of a majority bringing the whole island together ( not making any suggestion if that would be desirable or not though ) . 
  just curious but is there any feasibility for certain counties like fermanagh , armagh , tyrone to shift to the roi if they become majority nationalist , or is this a similar case of the rule of the majority , basically the belfast region ? 
  obviously the six counties which make up northern ireland were originally selected to provide both a protestant/unionist majority and a workable sized state , so loss of counties could destabilise the remainder sticking with the uk ( in this scenario ) . 
  which makes the uk 's desperation to be best pals with the us even more apparent . 
  its sad because instead of striving to look across the atlantic the uk could have taken a more progressive positive role in the european union instead of using it as a scapegoat . 
  the british are the ones constantly touting their ` special relationship ' with the us especially since thatcher and reagan hit it off . 
  they 're such great buddies they even invaded the middle east together , leaving us the sand covered shit show we have today . 
  aside from our head of government visiting the us on st patricks day , and ireland wooing us corporations to settle here , we hardly ` kiss the yanks ass ' . 
  but thanks for your insightful view on irish-american relations . 
  i honestly do n't know whether this is sarcasm or you genuinely feel this way , if it is in fact the later can i just say politely as an irish national that you are not ` plain irish ' . 
  you are an american , the idea that you feel you can claim irish as a nationality without being born , raised , studying or living here is baffling to irish/europeans . 
  own the country you were born in/have lived the largest proportion of your life in . 
  making strange claims via a heritage generations old just comes across as desperate . 
  you are an american , thats not shameful or devoid of its own culture/history/identity . 
  please stop wilfully appropriating something you have nothing but a tenuous blood connection to . 
  we do appreciate your warmth for our country but we are a nation not a fad/label to be used as a shallow talking point . 
  yeh my first thought was how it must n't be based on regular church attendance/practice but probably what religion do individuals feel culturally associated with . 
  only a third of irish people attend weekly mass , with weekly attendance of young people ( 18-24 ) even lower at 12 % ( lower again in dublin ) . 
  i 'm in my mid-twenties and only know one religious friend who regularly attends sermons/masses and he 's calvinist . 
  you are also correct regarding baptism , with the number of baptisms having increased less than a percent in the last number of years being solely attributed to the continued requirement for entry to certain schools ( which is absolutely ridiculous ) . 
  i hope this trend continues and we see the continued erosion of the power of the church in ireland . 
  people can believe and practice as they wish but we need to move towards being a fully secular society after the numerous scandals and betrayals by the church . 
  at least in the case of the wind turbines themselves , their bases which are usually covered in large boulders are actually a large benefit to ocean life and is colonised by lots of marine flora and fauna . 
  fish use them as shelter and nurseries which increase their populations/stock and marine mammals also use them as hunting grounds . 
  unless the small island itself drastically disrupts the currents or migratory routes for birds/cetaceans i ca n't see it being deleterious to sea-life . 
  we 'll we were just finished trying to get away from a couple of centuries of you murdering and starving us so i guess the best we could do was leave you to fight off another evil empire in peace . 
  i think for the irish , who were the uks closest ally within the eu , we thought we had a very strong relationship and so brexit has come as what feels like a genuine betrayal . 
  we were supposed to have one another 's backs after centuries of war and strife , and now they just disregard everything positive that was built via the eu . 
  the lack of attention/care for the very real implications of brexit on northern ireland in particular is extremely disheartening . 
  i know the uk is n't going anywhere geographically but it feels a lot more distant and hostile than it did a year ago . 
  i think it is time ireland realises fully the great friends we have on the continent and embrace our joint destiny as partners and fellow european citizens going into our shared future . 
  i would really love if the uk would genuinely just cop on and get its head out of its own ass sometimes , its like having your best friend who you 've built a good relationship with after horrendous history and now you 've found out they 're a terrible drunk and you 're just watching as they consistently foil their own future getting into unnecessary conflicts . 
  we 'll always have our european family though whether we 're sharing drinks in brussels or paris or stockholm or luxembourg or athens etc. 
  even if we do squabble i love having a sense of kinship and unity across all our patchwork european community . 
  love you guys !, 
  you mean those older individuals who voted into the eu when the uk was in economic decline , and subsequently saw its wealth and business opportunities soaring while part of the union ? 
  then they decided they wanted out because they 're were too many trained eastern european handy-men around , so they decided to betray their own children/grand-children who have already seen the 2008 recession by plunging them into more unnecessary turmoil ? 
  hmmm its a wonder why there is generation tension in the uk . 
  it would also be nice if the uk did n't follow the us into illegal wars causing the destabilisation of the middle east and thus sparking the current terror/refugee issue they now blame on and consistently throw back at a more humanitarian continental europe . 
  our gdp is currently larger than that of the us , but that still includes the uk ; we also have a larger population which means per-population they are more powerful . 
  however a pivot by the eu from the us to canada , mexico , china and japan ( potentially india when the uk leaves ) could see us diversify our cliental which would make us more secure in the future if the us becomes an unsteady trade partner . 
  racist american troglodytes shot two indian engineers , killing one , while shouting that they shouted `` get out of my country '' on wednesday , get a sense of perspective please . 
  i wonder why there is no effort being made towards a free trade agreement with australia/new zealand , especially prior to brexit when the uk could have naturally acted as a bridge across the anglosphere . 
  the eu is australia 's third largest trading partner after china/japan ; now with tpp dead maybe they 'll look towards us and china to make up the difference . 
  giving them a deal akin to associate status like extending trade as was done with ukraine or turkey could be strong first steps . 
  belarus does n't need to swing immediately from putins union to europes , but integrating them slowly so their tacit alliance with russia dissolves and the eu gains a better neighbour can only be a good thing . 
  or you might have an ally in a similar position as ukraine with whom you could create a united front , backed by the eu , against an increasingly aggressive russia ( we can dream at least ) . 
  i have never once heard someone use ulster as a synonym for just ni , it is a province of nine counties of which six constitute ni . 
  also ulster is not considered a kingdom in the sense of england and scotland which are the ` united kingdom ' , ireland as a whole however was considered a [ kingdom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_ireland ) at the time of its annexation by the english crown . 
  wales and ni do not constitute kingdoms . 
  i also do n't know why you feel some sense of pride over claiming the name ulster rather than calling the region northern ireland as is its official name . 
  are you averse to calling it ni because it makes reference to ireland ? 
  i never made that assumption , i would in fact assume there would be exactly the same response from unionists . 
  the peace that is currently in place is built off free movement across both borders , that with the republic and with the remainder of the uk . 
  denying access to either to the ni public will be divisive and could lead to a rebirth of the troubles . 
  also its not ulster , as ulster the province is made up of nine counties , three of which remain in the republic while the other six make up ** northern ireland ** aka ` the north ' . 
  you 're taking them out of the eu against their will ? 
  if anyone who voted leave had considered the potentially devastating economic and social impact of brexit on areas such as ni and gibraltar , on their fellow country men , then maybe it would n't have gone ahead .
