  imho you should check your proprieties placing almost all your savings on something so volatile like bitcoin is not wise, 
  bitcoin litecoin future contracts are live , say bye bye to fiat , 
  thinking that all metro entry in barcelona are for right handed . 
  i never tip, 
  come to spain , 
  plot twist gov dont have moneys, 
  ppl in romania u get 200 $ per month and the gas is 1,25 $ / l that 's about 6,25 usd a gallon ... man up and lose some fat, 
  enjoy democracy, 
  romanian here , it sux , if you can afford you pay the private insurance you are ok , if you dont have the money to pay you have a big chance to get infected with weird stuff suffer pain be untended for many hours or days . 
  us health care system is over-regulated and is `` impossible '' to start a competing business and start undercutting that rates, 
  zerocoin   this, 
   yes , armory requires working bitcoin-qt , also it requires 2 gb of ram , i think , so not a good wallet choice ... 
  is the best, 
  is still the best and most bitcoin related business use it, 
  lets remember that some us marine killed a romanian and us dont want to send him to get a trial for murder, 
  the funny part there wont be even 1k customer that pay with btc , same story like wordpress, 
  wordpress had 97 btc payments in 7 months, 
  edit :94 not 97, 
  wp cofounder ama, 
   94 successful transactions so far , pretty low . 
  i think it 's more important philosophically to support it than it 's been beneficial from a business point of view . 
   the highlights are : chapter 2.1 defines that profits gained from buying and selling bitcoins are capital gains , and taxed as such ( so 30 % tax , and after 50k $ it 's 32 % ) . 
  on the other hand , if you see a loss , it 's not eligible for deduction of tax . 
  lol, 
  even on stocks, 
  there is only one iron man so there is limited offer , how many people do the job you have ? 
  dollar have lose 97 % value since the fed was set maybe is time to stop the printing press ? 
  http://redd.it/1nbijm like i said here i expect to be price and wages controls , ppl who hire immigrants imo are not bitcoin users since most work immigrants do is low skilled labour ( i was a immigrant and i know how it is ), 
  the bitcoin economy lol, 
  there is no virus also you can use https://www.virustotal.com/, 
  pd : dont spread bullshit just because btc-e have a better trading tool compared to mtgox, 
  sell or buy in cash dont use banks, 
  nah the chat is like btc-e troll box, 
  on the same way gov fuck around whit gold price by selling gold now it can fuck around whit bitcoin price, 
   someone dumped $ 200 million, 
  proof or stfu, 
  most likely the hdd was encrypted but they managed to get the pc on and back up the ram hack the power plug and connect to a `` battery '' and then take the pc to their, 
  labs, 
  relevant link http://www.wiebetech.com/products/hotplug.php, 
  r click select log scale :d bitcoin on linear scale look more awesome and that 's the point, 
  central banks lend gold to gold banks that way they keep ownership, 
   bitcoin will survive anything, 
  that 's not 100 % true since bitcoin cant survive a 51 % attack, 
  hey op can u give a more precise coordinate ( date and price ) for your line, 
  if money is not fungible then is not money anymore, 
  only 4 gpu i had one pc with 6 and that psu can handle 6 gpu, 
   he also said merchants who had chosen to instantly convert their bitcoin to fiat currency bank accounts were not affected . 
  fiat holders not affected, 
  i just started to see the video , peter made a good point on the fact that bitcoin is not backed by anything , no bitcoin is not backed by electricity and processing power that 's the cost of production and sometimes things are produced at a loss, 
  you can look on semantics and on the other side is alchemy , i know there is a huge bitcoin bias here but that tungsten is not gold that is still tungsten , what 's counterfeited on that image is a bar of gold but not the gold itself, 
  op is the `` enemy '' he dont like competition and free market he treats btc like a piramid scam where if there are more suckers he make more fiat and every single crypto out there are taking suckers away, 
  got a friend that work on customer support and he said the usa people are by far the most annoying fuckers on the face of the earth and they contact support every single shitty thing and press for it like their are vip . 
  on the other hand btc-e should ban usa customers from sending ore receiving fiat usa legal system is a pain in the ass, 
  the scale is log, 
  . com was a bubble ? 
  versus bitcoin that 's is nothing, 
  china is selling so i am bearish until china starts to heavy buy again http://i.imgur.com/3l7fic3.png, 
  mtgox said up http://i.imgur.com/qdfgkzk.png time for 1400 1500, 
  and ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/jvueekv.png today it should challenge 1300, 
  market footprint ?? 
  http://i.imgur.com/6vnamlq.png still a move to 1150-1200 is possible, 
  i already answered and if u dont know what marketdelta is not my problem, 
  to the moon !!!, 
  http://i.imgur.com/y3vlmig.png info to read this http://www.reddit.com/r/chartsandstuff/wiki/how_to_read_foot_print_data, 
  not sure if trolling, 
  if you trade from mt4 u can make your trades public using a real or demo account , each tiem you open a mt4 account you have a investor password that is read only so the page ( 3rd party ) can read the trades, 
  nothing ? 
  i did not repost reddit tells you if the link was already submited, 
  fiat users not affected :p, 
  i cant tell :p, 
  how to use mayzus for international wire ( not usa ), 
  1 ) go to http://www.mayzusfs.com/, 
  2 ) open a damn account, 
  3 ) get verified send the money there, 
  4 ) after you got the money there send the money to btc-e ( soon mtgox ), 
  links : https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=40889.msg3996127#msg3996127, 
  nope usa still banned, 
  note that mayzus is a forex broker and also they accept bitcoin deposits, 
  the forex broker dont offer btcusd at this point in time, 
  i bet on china going up http://i.imgur.com/hdomzzx.jpg, 
  there is a problem whit op you cant short on btc-e platform you can only buy and hold ( go long ) like bitstamp or mtgox, 
  warrant = your money allocated for orders, 
  if you place sell order for 1 btc btc-e create 1 warrant of 1 btc so your account now have -1 btc when you cancel your order btc-e cancel the warrant and give you money back, 
  mt4 trade logs dont show up on web ui just on mt4, 
  is official, 
  is live i hope u were ready :p, 
  donchian channel track the tops and lower for the xx periods, 
  wtf today is my cake day ? 
  thx, 
  i used the channel just to track lows and tops nothing more , also u are bad at reading based on the strategy ( i repeat strategy ) you buy like mad above 1242, 
  1pic = 1000 words, 
  since when log charts are useless ? 
  logarithmic fibonacci point of view of all the historical data ? 
  so pick and chose no ? 
  for a investor 3 or 4 years is a short time frame and most investors invest for a period of time above 10 years so this have just started, 
   fib retracements are not intended to be used on such a scale , especially on a market that is as new and unstable as this . 
  yes they are, 
  mt4 btc-e, 
   `` transaction fees are low ! '',
