  but yes , that 's just desserts really . 
  oh , \u0161truklji , too !, 
  best with cottage cheese/quark/whatever-you-call - it filling ( skutni/sirovi \u0161truklji ) . 
  ah , that 'd be lovely , would n't it ? 
  do n't like those , anyway . 
  too slow , buggy and annoying to my taste . 
  when withdrawing 500 $ or more from my bank account . 
  the real rarity are the 200 $ notes , which i 've had a fortune to see once . 
  should they be abolished ? 
  not sure , i do n't really think a note higher than 100 $ is needed , but i 'm not specifically against keeping them . 
  if anything , i 'd make 5 $ more common , not that everything under 20 $ means dealing with coins . 
  not that i do n't like 1 $ and 2 $ coins , but if i buy something 3 $ worth and do n't have enough coins or any note smaller than 20 $ with me ( because they seem rare to me ) , i get 17 $ back in coins ? 
  ok , maybe 10 $ note and 7 $ in coins . 
  meh ... well , what [ 0_0_0 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/user/0_0_0 ) said seems like a good enough reason to get rid of 500 $ notes . 
  had to go and search for some news . 
  it seems to be barely portrayed at all . 
  so i assume most people are n't aware of its existence . 
  those who are , seem to be very much against it . 
  tsar , emperor , pope , sultan ... 
  what like `` everything is the fault of the previous government '' ? 
  frankly , i do n't follow enough to seriously comment . 
  you see jack-o ' - lanterns displayed at some places , but that 's all there is to my knowledge . 
  if there 's more going on , it 's most definitely not a big thing . 
  edit : `` trick or treat '' is a mardi gras thing here . 
  macedonia . 
  or `` makedonija '' in slovene . 
  the greek province is also `` macedonia '' or perhaps rather `` greek macedonia '' to make sure , which one is being mentioned . 
  maybe , but not sure about it . 
  depends also what part of slovenia you 're from . 
  most go to croatia and feel comfortable traveling or standing still in traffic in hot sun for hours . 
  not sure , why . 
  well , it is close , it 's nice , low language barrier , etc. 
  maybe a bit of tradition also . 
  not many stay in slovenia , but some do . 
  there 's an increasing interest in other mediterranean destinations , especially various greek islands . 
  true . 
  but we 're so used to things being close that seems so far away . 
  :d had a friend from portugal on exchange in slovenia , and he visited vienna and prague and budapest also i think . 
  several places , because it was so near . 
  to most of us , in slovenia , it seems awfully far away . 
  anything more than 1h drive is far . 
  after 2nd grade ( age 9 ) , there was a `` swimming school '' sort of thing , which was not mandatory , but most everyone did go . 
  one week on the island of krk , croatia . 
  then in gymnasium , there was 1 day trip , i think , to nearby italian towns ( aquileia and one other ) , but me and few others opted for a trip around our capital , instead . 
  ( ca n't remember exactly when it was , think age 15-17 or there abouts . ), 
  and we went to provence , france for 5 days at the age of 17/18 . 
  exactly !, 
  if it makes you feel any better : macedonia , andorra , san marino and vatican are also missing . 
  but we got comors and fiji , so all is well , all is well . 
  montenegro , macedonia , serbia , albania . 
  ca n't see a 5th ( it 'd take quite a long time , eu will probably be gone by then ) . 
  as for when , i 'd rather not say anything . 
  maybe even none will join . 
  in fact , i could see serbs voting against in case of a referendum . 
  probably new zealand , but perhaps also australia , canada or chile . 
  well , other than loudly speaking some foreign language , they tend to carry heavy backpacks around . 
  wearing shorts and long sleeved sweaters or jackets . 
  possibly with hiking shoes to top it off . 
  they also tend to stay in groups of 5-10 all the time , unless your typical guided tours around the old town with 20 + people ( mostly germans ) . 
  then , as mentioned before , there are hordes of dutch caravan nomads . 
  forgot anything ? 
  i should hang around with them more perhaps . 
  :d oh , the most typical is , of course , taking photos of everything . 
  never heard of anyone hating the dutch . 
  it could be a new thing , though . 
  i was living under the proverbial rock for the last couple of years . 
  slovenia : [ ski jumping ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ski_jumping ) , especially the [ ski flying ( volume warning ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-qejwiexiu ) events , which we claim to be our own `` invention '' ; ski jumping itself , of course , originated in norway . 
  do check southern and/or eastern europe . 
  always a chance to learn a new language . 
  now , i 've unfortunately no idea how they look at immigrants around europe . 
  anyhow , i 'd look into ireland , netherlands and northern italy . 
  finland might be good economically , etc. 
  but the language is a nightmare and culture seems even much more different than elsewhere ( in my eyes , anyway ) . 
  really depends what you 're looking for . 
  is this economically motivated only ? 
  how much of a culture shock are you ready for ? 
  what kind of life do you want to live ( namely more relaxed and economically not-so-well-off , or working your life away with a chance to earn loads or somewhere in between ) ? 
  ah , yes , understood . 
  sorry , no idea of any such website . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't exactly understand what you 're searching for . 
  oh like , having here a list of urls in sidebar or something ? 
  well , off the top of my head , there 's [ europa.eu ] ( http://www.europa.eu ) , seems pretty big site . 
  80s mostly american and british pop/pop-rock hits with a bunch of modern ( 2013-2014 ) hits ( american , european and very few slovenian ) thrown in the mix . 
  ( with american , i mean canadian as well . ), 
  granted , there are some stations specializing in classical music only , indy/underground music only , etc. 
  but the mainstream radios are pretty boring like described above ( ok , there are some 90s and 70s , too , but you get the idea . ), 
  well , that depends on what countries will you be visiting . 
  finland , estonia , latvia , greece , cyprus , montenegro , kosovo , slovenia , austria , slovakia , germany , italy , san marino , vatican , malta , portugal , spain , andorra , monaco , france , belgium , luxembourg , the netherlands and ireland all use only euro and for the sake of simplicity i 'd exchange into euros . 
  if you plan on visiting a country that 's not using euro as their currency you 'd most likely be better off exchanging dollars for their currency , than dollars to euro than euro to their currency , because each exchange costs you a bit . 
  euros may be accepted in some places in countries not using euros as well , but do n't count on that . 
  it 's definitely not polish , if that helps any . 
  celovec . 
  you know how much complaining that would cause ? 
  do not even ... 
  oh , sounds familiar . 
  guess we must come in 2nd , because it 's forbidden for us to be best in something . 
  thinking of ourselves as being the best is forbidden in this country . 
  more or less . 
  not de jure , no , but well ... 
  if there was something i had to pick it 'd probably be corruption .
