i do n't think either of us fixes anything . 
  however , it 's fine as long as the germans take the blame for it , 
   and wurst is sasuage in german indeed . 
  however , `` wurst '' is also used as a placeholder/exclamation when something does n't matter or is irrelevant ( mainly in austria and southern germany ) , and that 's why he chose that name , because the name does n't matter . 
  personally , i think this is the funniest thing i 've ever witnessed , and being an austrian makes it even funnier to me , because i know the debate that has gone for weeks here . 
  oh , this was the perfect outcome , it could n't have gone any better  and yeah , the song does n't really matter . 
  my personal favorite is wieselburger , i recommend you try it out . 
  also , it comes in a really awsome [ bottle ] ( http://www.austrianbeer.co.uk/?wieselburger_beer ) !, 
  tourism . 
  it 's easier to empty the wallets of people with whom you can communicate . 
  oh , that 's just because we recycle our old athletes ( especially skiers ) : if they are old and broken they get a job as tv host . 
  it takes some time until an austrian considers someone a friend , especially in the west or outside the bigger cities . 
  the best chance is probably getting to know people from the workplace or via a `` verein '' ( community for a special interest of which there exist thousands and thousands in austria ) and work from there . 
  tone down your enthusiasm , show people that you are a reliable , competent and friendly person with good manners , and have * patience * . 
  you have to * earn * the right to bear the title of `` honorable austrian '' . 
  nobody is particularly patriotic around here , but we 're austrians after all and we 're not letting everybody into our club , that 's for sure  once you 're in you 're good though . 
  i do n't think there are a lot of places on this planet where you are as safe and secure as here . 
  if you fall , people * will * catch you . 
  that 's why you 've invested so much time in building trust . 
  also there are a lot of subtle nuances to austrian culture that are hard to get at first sight . 
  austria is a giant rabbit hole , really . 
  from the outside it probably looks a bit like a smaller version of germany , or a bit like switzerland , and in a sense it is . 
  but you really have to invest some effort to understand what makes it unique , and you have to do that if you ever want to get integrated . 
  and it 's normal that it takes * decades * for people to get it , honestly . 
  austria is a very old country , after all . 
  as a tyrolean i 'd rather have south tyrol , but bavaria would probably work well too . 
  but , just to make things interesting , i 'd say we should unify with trieste , so that we can have a harbor and some ships again . 
  because afaik we currently only have a single patrol boat on the danube . 
  you know , on second thought ... it 's actually way funnier to have a military that has one single boat instead of a whole navy , 
  north tyrolean here : no way . 
  no one would want to leave austria . 
  no one is that crazy . 
  austria is fine , probably ( and i say this without any patriotism ) one of the nicest countries to live in on this planet . 
  tyroleans usually do in fact see themselves as tyroleans , and only after that as austrians . 
  we have a strong identity with our country , but that does n't mean that anybody would want to leave austria . 
  that 's crazy . 
  i 'd love for south tyrol to be reunited with north tyrol ( and eastern tyrol , for that matter , so that the country is n't split into 3 parts anymore ) , as i think most tyroleans would agree , but only if it would mean that south tyrol would become a part of austria again . 
  and i ca n't imagine a single reason why any south tyrolean would think otherwise . 
  if someone suggests that dressing modestly is a way to lower your chances of getting raped , then those students are the first to shout `` rape apologist ! '', 
  now those same people are suggesting to dress modestly because it could hurt someone 's feelings ? 
  well , ok then ... 
  i do n't really care much about how people dress , but the level of cognitive dissonance on display here is fascinating . 
  how do those people even function in daily life ? 
  that 's a good point , i had n't thought of that , and this would even make more sense than just killing off 10 % . 
  anyway , you 're right on faymann as well . 
  he recognized the voters ' shift in attitude , but he also had the right people in his coalition government ( kurz , mikl-leitner ) . 
  without them he probably would n't have known what to do , but in this case he just gave them permission to go ahead with their initiative , which is fine for most people right now . 
  at least that 's how i experience it on the ground . 
  it was a punishment method in the roman army for units that committed serious offenses like mutiny . 
  the unit was divided into groups of ten soldiers . 
  randomly one of them was assigned to be executed by the other nine soldiers . 
  the idea behind it was to punish a unit , while still leaving it militarily strong ( 10 % losses is n't that big a deal in terms of fighting strength ) . 
  so it makes no sense to use the word as meaning a crushing blow . 
  we have words like `` devastated '' for that . 
  it 's good to have different meanings for different words , it makes it easier to be precise when you want to say something . 
  i know that the meanings of words tend to get more fuzzy the more time passes , but i do n't like that , and i think it is reasonable to not like that . 
  i understand that this is fighting against windmills , and i 'm under no illusion that anybody is going to reverse the trend . 
  but , whatever , that 's a losing battle i 'm willing to engage in . 
   yes i hope the left gets decimated . 
  i hope they lose more than just getting reduced to 90 % ( sorry for that , but it 's always funny to me when people use the word `` decimated '' without realizing that it means killing exactly 10 % ) . 
  anyway , i still consider myself as on the left , but there 's simply no alternative right now . 
  we can only pick our poison , and at the moment the right is by far the weaker poison , it 's unbelievable how the social democrats and the greens are so utterly blind to what 's happening . 
  i do n't want strache to govern , i 'm actually pretty happy with what kurz/mikl-leitner/doskozil are doing , but it 's the only way to keep the government from falling asleep again . 
  nah , we let them think we 're part of austria , it 's easier for everybody this way . 
  usually they do n't bother us , and the once or twice a year a politician from vienna visits us we just fill them up with schnapps and send them right back . 
  but everybody knows that once you 're a tyrolean , you ca n't be anything else . 
  why would a tyrolean want to downgrade anyway ? 
  it makes no sense !, 
  yeah . 
  for a long time now nobody has taken the labels from the political right ( like commie , socialist , tree hugger , etc. ), 
  seriously because they 've thrown those around willy-nilly . 
  but now the left has overused their labels too and they 've lost their bite just as well - words like nazi , racist , misogynist have become utterly meaningless . 
  at this point they go in one ear , out the other . 
  hitch said it best : `` that which is asserted without evidence can be rejected without evidence . '', 
  simply throwing a label at someone without proof is meaningless . 
  behind all the religious bullshit and the old-fashioned language in buddhism there 's actually a very nice [ psychological model of the mind ] ( http://www.amazon.com/mind-illuminated-complete-meditation-integrating/dp/0990847705/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1457449939&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=the+mind+illuminated ) . 
  so i 'd argue that this is a bit different , and i do n't think anybody who likes to meditate daily would see himself as a * convert * to anything , i certainly do n't , i 'm still just as atheistic as before i started meditating . 
  there are several religions that share the label `` buddhism '' , you can recognize them by their shaved heads and orange/brown robes . 
  and people subscribing to those religions are just as zealous as other followers . 
  thankfully they are more or less harmless to outsiders ( not to insiders , though ; for example different buddhist sects are fighting with and murdering each other in tibet , which nobody in the west seems to know about ) . 
  in the end there are different degrees of harmfulness , but swallowing any ideology ( with or without a god ) without skepticism and reason is kind of always a bad idea . 
   buddhist may use `` traditional medicine '' for their children or other things like that . 
  yeah , there 's a new religion that has developed in the west , which is called `` new age '' and has combined a lot of feel-good-bullshit from various sources . 
  it 's time we recognized this as an actual religion , but we 're probably not far enough removed from it historically to see it for what it is . 
  people who read `` the secret '' or base life decisions on astrology may not blow themselves up at military checkpoints , but they can do a lot of damage to their social group too . 
   there apparently is evidence that squat toilets are healthier without going into too much details ... 
  i 've tried one of those squatty potty things and it really is quite nice . 
  it cost a fortune for basically being just a piece of molded plastic , but you sit more or less like on a squat toilet , without having to modify anything . 
  it 's one of those things i ordered just out of sheer curiosity that turned out much better than i expected . 
  also , it made me think a lot about the fact that we learn how to perform essential bodily functions when we are children and we never question the way we do them our whole life ( i did most of this thinking while using the squatty potty , of course ) . 
   she also said it worsens her position in the talks with erdogan . 
  yeah , like that is ever going to achieve anything ... 
  eternal life with 72 vegans ... sounds like paradise alright to me ... 
   caesar was a turnip wait - that 's a lie ? 
  [ d  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwalxfivx1s ), 
  if you can afford the coffee , i presume . 
   it was about supposed moral superiority of a person who calls orban a nazi well , the austrian government was never meant to be taken seriously . 
  their only function is so that we look like a totally different nation than germany to the outside , while effectively copying everything the germans do a few years later . 
  that is their sole purpose . 
  we do n't really need them , but when austrians start following orders from berlin directly everybody gets a little bit nervous , so we have that little circus set up .
