  except here in the uk of course ... our government buildings only fly it on europe day ( may 9th ) . 
  so everything from parliament and downing street to local town halls and police stations only fly the union jack . 
  i believe those who run the individual buildings can chose whether to fly it - but i 've never seen any who do . 
  owning property is considered a major marker of social status in the uk which may well explain it . 
  ( i do n't agree with this - i prefer the german way of primarily renting properties ) . 
  however , i still think that this test is bullshit . 
  although it pretty much did class me ` correctly ' as an emergent service worker that was only down to a single friendship i have with a university lecturer and a personal taste for jazz . 
  self-definition makes more sense - or on failing that i actually quite like the national readership survey ( the people who measure newspaper and magazine circulation ) social grades : - a upper middle class higher managerial , administrative or professional - b middle class intermediate managerial , administrative or professional - c1 lower middle class supervisory or clerical and junior managerial , administrative or professional - c2 skilled working class skilled manual workers - d working class semi and unskilled manual workers - e those at the lowest levels of subsistence casual or lowest grade workers , pensioners and others who depend on the welfare state for their income, 
  in all seriousness though it 's strange to think that there 's so much ordinance still hiding away in the ground from a war which ended so long ago . 
  we get the odd one or two found in fields or beaches but nothing on the scale described here . 
  i suppose tank shells , mines and grenades add to this number significantly on the continent ? 
  edit : spelling . 
  sounds like revenge for the decades of our drunken louts on the streets of the costas del sol and bravo , sadly . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  alas , if only there were a few more vocal europhiles around to pressure my government into acting to change the eu rather than running away from it . 
  just to add my own agreement here . 
  having spent a lot of time with germans over the past couple of years i think that our people are far closer in culture than we sometimes think . 
  i find it very easy to integrate on the streets of berlin or munich . 
  i love the country , am currently learning the language and am very glad to be able to do business and create personal friendships with german people . 
  as others have said - there 's a lot of the old rivalry ( zee war ! ), 
  but that 's not felt personally by the current ( or even older generations ) and is now just used as bit of footballing chant banter . 
  i mean , hell , we still bring up agincort with the french  . 
  you 're our germanic cousins and we 've got your back ... plus you help to keep the french in check ^ ( ^ i ^ joke , ^ i ^ joke ), 
  not at all . 
  if our politicians went out of contention every time they screwed up then we would n't have a government left . 
  anecdotaly , from what i 've heard from my friends and family , this video has been * talked * about lots but most have n't * seen * it themselves ( the andrew marr show is on sunday mornings - a lot were just asleep ) . 
  most assume that he made his usual foppish silliness and they wont be aware that it was an interviewing mauling which made him look genuinely bad . 
  he represents a unique position in british politics . 
  he 's a character - the bumbling idiot facade which is oh-so british . 
  you expect him to carry a pipe and wear a bowler hat whilst cycling into work . 
  i would say that [ this ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/71572/article_896617a40d0bfdf0_1343828413_9j-4aaqsk.jpeg ) image sums him up in the eyes of most people . 
  however he is also intelligent , multi-lingual , well educated and ( usually ) performs very well in interviews with his no-nonsense style - unlike the scripted sounding stuff you get from cameron and milliband . 
  he comes across as more open ( which may just be a facade itself ) . 
  do n't get me wrong - i 'd still not vote for him in an election . 
  as it is we vote for our parties of choice , not the leaders , and the tory 's wo n't ever get my tick . 
  perhaps that , beyond anything else , will ruin his chances at the 2015 general election - the rise of ukip and the tory mess-ups ( hello george osborne ) . 
  this is probably one for / r/historicalwhatif really , but imagine europe had the [ mollet suggestion ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2007/jan/15/france.eu ) played out . 
  honestly , through all of the banter and jokes at the expense of the old enemy , i would be in dramatically in favour of stronger franco-british relations . 
  unfortunately , we 're people divided by hundreds of years of firing arrows and muskets at each other and that history seems to hang around . 
  i 'll admit that my only exposure to your language is through the tv programme * broen * but i cant see how anyone would mistake it for dutch !, 
  i think i 'd instinctively know it was a scandinavian language . 
  i found this especially true when visiting germany . 
  i 'd try my best german ( which is n't bad ! ), 
  on shop assistants or work colleagues but they would automatically switch to english . 
  i know they were only doing it to help us both out but it can be frustrating to learn by immersion when your own is the default go-to sprache . 
  i see !, 
  i ca n't find any examples of it in use ( which i would find interesting as a bit i 'm a bit of a logophiliac ) . 
  but i do n't doubt that it can technically work . 
  sounds very odd to my native ears though !, 
  i think my editors would throw a fit if they saw it in my work . 
  well , the irony !, 
  thanks for pointing it out before i made that mistake in a publication somewhere ... 
  quite right . 
  as a reporter this article makes me sad . 
  also :  ... revealed that over 100,000 brusselers ** have ** no dutch , french or english * speak * no dutch , french or english . 
  i need to go and read some tom wolfe to cleanse my literary palate . 
  edit : ninja spelling edit . 
  edit : failure to read sarcasm !, 
  terribly sorry . 
  ~ ~ it 's a form of therapy for the electorate , and very much in line with british humour . 
  there 's no harm from it . 
  besides , they get far worse from the press . ~ ~, 
  this is a common misconception ( one which i have , strangely enough , looked in depth at as part of my political communications module at university ) . 
  it appears to come from a story based on a misinterpretation of the [ 1960 exchange of notes on financial assistance to the republic of cyprus ] ( http://www.mfa.gov.cy/mfa/mfa2006.nsf/all/f207ef6146aa7afec22571bf0038ddc6/$file/treaty%20of%20establishment.pdf ) - which is probably the constitutional paper to which you refer . 
  it has been variously spinned out of control to people who ( probably quite rightly ! ), 
  want to see those territories returned to cypriot control . 
  in that document it describes , that following the declaration of independence , the uk was giving financial aid `` by way of grant '' to cyprus on a ` tapering ' basis - which was to total # 12 million , with # 4 million in the first year , down to # 1.5 million in the 5th year . 
  tapering meaning that the amount would gradually reduce in size ( presumably as the cypriots continued on the path to full independent control of their own future ) . 
  additionally there are other very specific payments related to the arrangements for independence . 
  then there is a provision that the uk is , every 5 years , to review & determine ( in consultation with cyprus ) the amount of financial aid to be provided over the * next * 5 years `` taking all factors into account , including the financial requirements of the government of the republic '' - clearly linking it to the needs of the new government , not to anything that the uk is paying for . 
  the common mistake is to claim that the money was rent for the bases , but the bases were not rented ( they are sovereign entities of the united kingdom ) and are at no point linked with any rent on behalf of the uk . 
  instead , it is financial aid which occurs on a reducible basis , with no guarantee of anything after the first 5 years - it is ( was ) entirely for the uk to decide how much and for how long . 
  this means the supposed `` estimates '' of something actually owed are entirely fanciful . 
  as far as my research took me , there has been no demand made by the government of cyprus nor have there been any actions with any international court - making me quite certain that there is no outstanding debt in relation to akrotiri and dhekelia . 
  sorry for the wall of text !, 
  it just so happens to be something i know a fair amount about . 
  no offence is intended . 
  he joined and was instantly called a twat by every brit within reach of an electronic device . 
  as are investors . 
  that 's very much the point . 
  it 'll be to encourage more corporations to set up shop in ~ ~ the uk ~ ~ london . 
  more corporations which would presumably/hopefully bring more money into the uk . 
  so while the tax is lower , the economic growth would counteract it . 
  ya ' know - in theory . 
  but then , considering how much tax dodging is going on by the big corporates i have no idea if i 'd pay-off . 
  what the hell do i know - i have an arts degree . 
  any economically minded people around ? 
  although i can see merit in this idea there are a few severe drawbacks ( from my very non-expert point of view !, 
  ) : - argentina ( kirchener in particular ) , iran and others have been calling us out on our ` colonianst ' ways for years . 
  taking sovereignty of cyprus would only add to their ammunition and may convince others that we 're less benign than we are . 
  - the native cypriot feelings on the matter . 
  since we already have two sovereign territories on the island ( akrotiri and dhekelia ) there have been protests about our activity there and more calls of ` colonialism ' from the previous president . 
  i 'm not sure losing their independence would go down well at a time of heated politics anyway ( although i 'd be interested hearing from cypriots on this matter ) . 
  - the turkey/greece/eu / russia quadrilangle . 
  do we really want to get embroiled in this ? 
  the island is already divided politically between turks and greeks ( been there done that with ireland ) . 
  then the eu and russia have vested interests ( both financially and politically ) . 
  perhaps we could get the eu to agree to such a measure , but if we instate the # gbp on cyprus as a buffer currency under the control of the bank of england then it would surely act as an affront to the eurozone on our behalf ( and despite popular sentiment , i do n't think we should be pissing off the rest of our continent ) . 
  however , it would be interesting if they elected to pick up another currency for stability - much like how ecuador and el salvador use the usd as their primary currency . 
  here 's a [ map ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/eia_world_shale_gas_map.png ) of current reserves for reference , while we 're on the topic .
