anecdotally , to the average citizen , not much of an ongoing issue . 
  it 's passed through the media and out of the general stream of consciousness . 
  internal spying was more of a concern to people than who our agencies spied on abroad . 
  i also would n't discount the power of national pride - even moderates might be affronted to germany and the eu ` showing us up ' - as dumb as that may look . 
  it 's not the athletes which are boycotting the games ... just any members of the government scheduled to attend as representatives and some lower-down members of the royal family . 
  the usa and canada are doing the same . 
  in fact many of our politicians ( including cameron ) did n't bother to go to the normal olympics either . 
  it 'll do almost nothing other than avoid political embarrassment . 
  more uncodified than unwritten . 
  some of the laws and statues which comprise our constitution are written ... it 's just not all in one place . 
  our progress towards democracy happened through centuries of slow evolution rather a single shock * revolution * so what binds us is a patchwork of laws from nearly all eras . 
  it works well enough , the only issue is the relative ease by which parliament can modify constitutional matters as their voice ( ` the queen 's voice ' ) is paramount . 
  snowmobiles and golf carts propping up the british economy . 
  i think most do get the difference but , in smaller towns especially , waiting out in the cold for a rare sight of a hackney cab is easily outweighed when a private hire car pulls over for you . 
  insurance issues or not . 
  in the bottom right hand section of where the camera is first pointing there 's a scottish flag waving around . 
  you can see it most clearly at the end of the video . 
  ttechnically britain does have a constitution , it 's just uncodified or unwritten . 
  much of the british constitution is embodied in individual written documents , within statutes , court judgments and treaties . 
  the constitution has other unwritten sources , including parliamentary constitutional conventions and royal prerogatives . 
  historically though , you are correct , as `` no act of parliament can be unconstitutional , for the law of the land knows not the word or the idea . '', 
  the british constitution has traditionally been the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty , according to which the statutes passed by parliament are the uk 's supreme and final source of law . 
  parliament can change the constitution simply through acts of parliament and referendums are up to the government to give . 
  ( very , very rarely ) holding referenda does give the government a stronger mandate however , which is why issues like av voting reform and the probable eu vote have/will be held via national opinion . 
  evidence for the defense , your honor . 
  i present item a - namely the youtube video description in which mr spl0ulf states :  one of these is my native language . 
  which one ?? 
  ( hint : it 's not english ... ) '' swedish would be my guess . 
  english was very american sounding . 
  in fact it was slightly ` camp ' - perhaps more upper class american . 
  mock-ups of british euros were made back in 2002 , just in case : http://www.eurocoins.co.uk/britainblisterpack.html, 
  as someone trying to learn german this is the best kind of motivation . 
  isolationism used as a bad word from the point of view of this author . 
  to suggest that the decision to not go to war with syria was a conscious choice to cut ourselves off from the rest of the world is nonsense . 
  just because the uk does n't want to be world police does not make us isolationists - it was still a topic for our diplomats at the g8 , the un and in parliament as far as aid goes . 
  we 're still involved , just not with our ships and missiles . 
  not so much isolation as * insulation * from an unpopular war . 
  how do the french people feel about this ? 
  i can only ask the small sample group of french people here on / r/europe but i 've not actually seen much french opinion in the media , aside from hollande himself . 
  ~ ~ there will very likely be another vote after a un report . 
  unless that report makes it clear that it was n't assad of course , or if it looks sketchy at best . 
  cameron probably would n't risk the political suicide of losing a second vote . ~ ~ ~ ~ that said , if it looks like there 's good evidence that assad did order the chem attacks then i can see far more than 13 votes switching sides . 
  we just do n't want another false wmd report leading us into war ... ~ ~ nope . 
  no more votes in the uk . 
  we 're just not getting involved militarily . 
  andrew marr 's [ the making of modern britain ] ( http://topdocumentaryfilms.com/making-modern-britain/ ) is a good tv series . 
  in six hour-long episodes it chronicles how britain became what it is through the actions of the early 20th century . 
  from the end of queen victoria 's reign to the victory of ww2 ( and the fall of the empire ) . 
  i think he tells it really well . 
  bonus documentary : this one doubles up for you swedes !, 
  [ madness in the fast lane ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhh0bysjkpm#t=75 ) . 
   in 2008 , bbc cameras filmed two swedish sisters throwing themselves into traffic on the m6 . 
  when it was shown on bbc one , nearly 7 million viewers were glued to their screens , and millions more watched it later on youtube . 
   after their odd behavior caused them to be left at an m6 service station , they ran on to the motorway numerous times and were struck by oncoming vehicles , causing ursula to be incapacitated . 
  sabina refused medical aid and attacked a police officer , at which point she was arrested . 
   but this amazing footage was only part of an even more incredible story , one which could not be told at the time for legal reasons . 
  two years later , this documentary reveals the full story of the hours just before the cameras captured that motorway footage , and the even more chilling story of what happened over next 72 hours , which left one of the sisters fleeing the scene of a crime , after she had stabbed a man through the chest . 
  i also studied at uni of sheffield and even i found myself being bewildered by one particular local nuance : they sometimes replace the word ` until ' with ` while ' . 
  so they 'll work 9 while 5 , for example . 
  i once heard a sheffield mother tell her young child `` do n't cross the road while the green man 's on ! '', 
  i do love that everyone calls you duck though . 
  enjoy your stay !, 
  it 's # 15,000 for those of us who started uni up until 2010 - or whenever the new payment system came in . 
  # 21,000 for everyone since then . 
  a good discussion ? 
  for reference , i 'm a british person raised in england on the english and welsh school system ( since scotland and northern ireland have their own models ) . 
  i did gcses , a-levels , a ba arts degree , worked for a year after that and am now unemployed due to redundancy . 
  ** as far as societal expectations of you , what are you taught from an early age ( ~ 6 ) until you complete your secondary education ( ~ 16-18 ) ? 
  do others place a great deal of emphasis on your profitability , your happiness , a civic duty , etc to guide your future decisions ? 
  ** i feel that the emphasis placed on you in english schools is just to pass your next step , your next exams . 
  the whole school system feels like a way of teaching you * how to pass your exams * and not to pass on of useful life-skills . 
  i never had a discussion with anyone during school about what i should do after it all . 
  just preparation to take the next set of exams and to move onto the next level of education . 
  the concept of a vocational guidance councilor is literally foreign to me , although we did have work experience days . 
  these days usually just involved going to work with a relative and pissing about . 
  there 's no help from the school to do this , and it was pretty useless for most . 
  luckily i landed a place at the local newspaper through my own sense of interest ; my current career path actually stemmed from that !, 
  it 's pretty much something that has to be done by the school , but not something they take very seriously ( 30 % of people did n't even bother ) . 
  once i got to my a-levels ( final two years of education between 16-18 ) there was a shift onto picking your degree . 
  this is where a strange elitism comes into play . 
  you 're basically told that you must apply to university , as there 's no reason not to . 
  this included people who were pretty sure they wanted to do other things or just were n't cut out for academic life . 
  during this time i pretty much felt that i had to go to university or i 'd be destined to be a bin-man for the rest of my life . 
  the successful non-chavy , middle-class kids applied to university because they ` wanted to ' [ avoid being seen as a failure ] . 
  now this is very subjective and probably not universal across britain , but it 's how it felt when i was 17 . 
  choosing a degree here means specialising early as we do n't do majors and minors - you just do your degree in a particular subject . 
  but that means choosing what you 'll be doing in four years when you 're 16-17 !, 
  for me that ended up being a journalism ba from a russel group university ( slightly less than ` ivy league ' status ) . 
  i chose that university because it was a red brick top ranking university and my teachers at the time were impressed . 
  there was a level of social elitism , possibly inherent in our culture anyway , as people who applied to oxford , cambridge and the russel group universities got * a lot * of extra attention towards their a-levels . 
  lunch clubs , after school meet-ups , personalised help with our application forms . 
  those who were doing a-levels as their final step of education did not . 
  schools here seem to emphasis sending their students off to university as it makes them look good - and as such university is seen as a ` must do ' for a certain class of people . 
  i chose journalism because i 'd tl ; dr : the social prestige of university drives some people to go when they might be best off taking a vocational route . 
  ** clearly many of the complaints and praises from the previous threads have merit , but they are all anecdotal and each persons experience in a given field will not be the same . 
  the common theme , however , seems to be that the first priority is placed on high incomes regardless of the persons interest or enjoyment in the work , and on any stem fields ( science and medical fields , technology , engineering , mathematics ) due to their high output , profitability , recognition , and other positives over seemingly `` lesser '' paths such as skilled trade work ( plumbing , electrician , machinist , manual labors ) , social sciences , humanities , arts , teaching , etc. 
  basically anything that either does n't produce or is n't regarded with any prestige ( in american society at least ) . 
  how are career choices in your country similar or opposite of this particular emphasis ? 
  ** aside from teaching i 'd say it 's similar here . 
  teaching is seen as a great route for a lot of university leavers , despite the pay .
