  so . . if you download a lot , your bandwith will be reduced . 
  that 's already a commonplace move for a lot of our isps to ` throttle ' bandwidth for heavy users for a certain amount of time . 
  spoiler : it 's shit . 
   people wrote that in the uk they call armed back up when they have to . 
  why ? 
  what is the point in that ? 
  would n't it be more effective if they could deal with it right ahead . 
  frankly because incidents of firearms related crime are so relatively low - even in urban areas . 
  where there are firearms , police will often use preemptive measures with the armed units . 
  the number of times armed units are needed are too low to justify arming every officer . 
  because it 's so difficult to get a gun in the uk most criminals simply do n't use them - only the really high profile stuff . 
  at major events like the olympics or at key locations in central london ( especially during a high terror alert ) then there are armed officers walking the streets . 
  they 're usually equipped with mp5s . 
   also a police man with a gun has more authority . 
  which is good so that no people pull off some stupid shit . 
  that is a valid point , but in the uk we have the principle of ` policing by consent ' - the notion that the force owes its primary duty to the public , rather than to the state , as in other countries . 
  so they should n't , in most people 's eyes , have the ability to walk around with guns if the general public do not . 
  they are * our * protection . 
  at least that 's the founding theory anyway . 
  when robert peel formed the london metropolitan police back in 19th century ( our first police force ) there was a very strong fear of the military at the time - the masses feared the new force would be oppressive . 
  a force that did not routinely carry firearms - and wore blue rather than red ( something which was associated with the infantry ) - was part of this effort to distinguish the early `` peelers '' from the army . 
  over time , this notion of guns being inimical to community policing solidified - the police were respected for their community connections and other means of dealing with situations . 
  i should say , however , that this situation works , perhaps uniquely , here in the uk and ireland . 
  in other countries i would say that armed police are certainly a good thing . 
  i shared that shock when i visited belfast a few years back - i always assumed that all parts of the uk had a gunless police force ( with the troubles it certainly makes sense in ni though ) , and having grown up in england to seeing cops strapped with pistols was very intimidating to be honest . 
  saying that , since i 've moved to london i 've started to get a lot more used to seeing armed units with mp5s around the high profile areas and airports anyway . 
  from what i 've seen and heard in the media of other armed suspects ( where the weapon is non-balistic ) the tazer is often used . 
  in the the incident in the video above they did use pepper spray on him when the moved in . 
  however , since that time ( 2011 ) tazers are a lot more common and i 'm sure if that incident happened now they would either bring in the aru ( armed response unit ) or equip tazers . 
  it would have been the call of the senior officer at that callout that day !, 
  the uk and us layouts also differ slightly from each other , so breaking it down to just qwerty is n't the most accurate depiction . 
  i made the fatal mistake of scrolling down to the comments . 
  ukip is out in force on this one . 
  lets hope cameron and merkel drink enough riesling to loosen their political wills and get something usable on the table . 
  ( that ended up sounding dirty somehow ... ), 
  a uk journalist here - i 'll break it down from what i 've been told and by reading through my old copy of the guardian style guide on my desk . 
  coloured is seen as a very old term - i tend to hear my grandfather use that one the most . 
  it 's the kind of thing you expect to hear from tories with top hats , laughing about the good-old-empire days . 
  black is the media and official term ( ` black british ' is on the census ) . 
  so you 'll get stories about ` black youths ' and ` black police officers ' - there 's actually an official union called the national black police association for non-white officers to raise concerns of racial equality . 
  they are also termed of ` afro-carribean origin ' - but this comes across as sounding like something out of a police report and is n't used as commonly by the media ( unless quoting a police report ... ) . 
  ** however ** using it as a collective noun is frowned upon and not used by the media . 
  so no referring to a group of black people as ` blacks ' . 
  this is considered demeaning . 
  indians , pakistanis and bangladeshis - anyone from the subcontinent are refereed to as ` asian ' ( again , this is a term from the uk census : british asian ) . 
  this also very-rarely spills over into people of arabic , persian and ( with more american influence on the term ) far eastern people . 
  although my editor would n't let us use the latter examples . 
  although people from china , japan and korea tend to just be named for their country . 
  ` oriental ' is going the same way as ` coloured ' in feeling a bit dated . 
  tabloids tend to join eastern europeans together too . 
  so you 'll get stories about ` an eastern european family ' instead of the individual nation until later on in the story . 
  sometimes , if a story is trying to prove a point about eastern immigrants , it 'll even use the ` former soviet bloc ' . 
  although if we 're talking about immigrants in particular then the media has a tendency to collectivise all immigrants - referring to them en-masse as asylum seekers or ` an immigrant ' , ` the immigrants ' etc. 
  gypsies are just called gypsies or commonly ` travelers ' by the media ; unless they happen to know the individual sect . 
  so romany , irish , english etc. 
  people tend to use gyppo or pikey - apparently that 's considered racist and the media certainly avoid it . 
  edit : the official list of what people ` should ' be called is [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classification_of_ethnicity_in_the_united_kingdom ) however this has caused a load of controversy and now the government just lets people class themselves as what they want . 
  source : i work in the british media . 
  that 's entirely possible . 
  with the gulf stream off on a southern holiday britain is getting the weather we 're ` supposed ' to get without it - more comparable to more eastern climates at the same latitude . 
  perhaps the particular seed types we use are tailored specifically for british climate and soil - or something like that . 
  i 'm not surprised at all . 
  i live in an area of england with of lots of arable farmland and the farmers are very worried . 
  i remember in previous years where i 'd already seen convoys of tractors along the roads here by easter . 
  this year , with the endless winter , i 've seen almost no activity . 
  when the sun came out for a few hours this week everyone suddenly sprang to action but it 's gone back to hovering around freezing again . 
  there 's not even buds on the trees yet ; plus the bees are really feeling it this year !, 
  i 've seen these sold in tesco and sainsbury 's !, 
  ( the reeces . . not the guns ) albeit only the tiny packets but they definitely seem to have sold them for the last 3 or 4 years around my way . 
  failing that , look up your nearest american food shop . 
  there 's lots of these popping up in various cities . 
  i know that sheffield and manchester both have them - hell , even my tiny market town has sprung one up !, 
  once again , at no point was i apologising for ` trying to stop hitler ' . 
  i feel that , having read your comment history , you enjoy a good debate . 
  however , the majority of what you post comes across with an arrogant rudeness - which is unfortunate . 
  the way you write makes it seem as if anyone 's viewpoint other than your own is heresy ( rather than another point of view ) - and despite retorts and further counter-evidence you are unwavering in your position . 
  in one respect i have to commend you for strong beliefs - and i do also respect anyone who uses good grammar and evidential reference to back up their points . 
  but , whether or not someone is at odds with your points of view does n't give you casus belli to be rude to them . 
  i 'm more than happy to debate my points of view against yours ( and honestly this thread has been fun ) but to face someone who is doing the internet equivalent of sticking their fingers in their ears and humming when a counter-argument is posted detracts from the quality of the discussion . 
  i 'm not wanting to be rude myself - i genuinely enjoy the intellectual discussions which can be generated on reddit . 
  i just thought i should point out how you generally come across and how perceptions of that are detracting from your arguments - even when they are strong ones . 
  for the record - i 've not downvoted any of your posts in this thread . 
  anyway , i look forward to our next encounter !, 
  personally no - i 'm a europhile so i know where i stand without a bit of cloth hanging from a building . 
  it 's a generalisation certainly and my choice of the words ' * probably * highlights ' was a bit glib . 
  but yea , just an observation born of curiosity really !, 
  i do want to be careful not to generalise - what the nazis did to the jews , gypsies , jehovah 's witnesses , homosexuals and others sent to the concentration camps - or who were destroyed during the war is utterly unforgivable and will be remembered as one of the darkest moments in human history . 
  i have no quarrel with that . 
  regardless , i really need to take this back to my original comment and point out what i wanted to say in the first place ( i 'm not quite sure why i pursued this into an argument ) :  sorry chaps . 
  was supposed to be said as if from an raf pilot and on the back of the british propensity to apologise for everything . 
  a bit like saying sorry to your mate after knocking 6 past them on fifa . 
  it 's just supposed to be a bit of a cheeky prod over a single bomb sitting in a german train station in 2013 - not to apologise for the whole bloody war . 
  that 's actually very interesting really - as it probably highlights who cares more about eu integration . 
  businesses can see the trade benefits - while the government is caught between brussels and ukip . 
  well , i was going to go for a lighthearted joke at the expense of an event which took place 68 years ago ... but since it 's touched a nerve ; i 'm also sorry to have done so . 
  the bombings were a necessity of a horrendous war and of course the allies were justified in doing it . 
  i absolutely would n't apologise to a nazi who leveled coventry or destroyed parts of london . 
  my point was simply that hearing about unexploded ww2 ordinance which has been found today is a harsh reminder of how close our continent 's people came to destroying each other . 
  the german people here on reddit are hardly deserving of getting caught up in a bomb from our grandparent 's era . 
  for the bombs which hit their military targets and aided in the defeat of the nazis - i would never apologise for .
