  this kind of shit is not only pro-russian , it is borderline treason . 
  like his comments about shooting down passenger plane mh17 ( blaming ukraine for that ) or anexing crimea ( that it was provoked by usa , and putin did the right thing ) are not pro-russian at all . 
  i hope not . 
  but i ca n't ignore pro-russian politicians like korwin mikke or grzegorz braun or pro-russian commentators like max kolonko ( who called putin `` man of the year '' ) praised all over the polish internet . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvjr7yaivcw ) video was a recent viral hit in poland - you see those upvote-downvote ratio under the actor basicly repeating russian propaganda line ? 
  i mean this is practically word to word repeat of what russian politician vladimir zhirinovsky is saying in recent years , and as you can see in the upvotes and comments , the huge majority of polish viewers agree with those words . 
  the pro-russian anti-west sentiment among young people is growing rapidly and it 's dangerous to ignore that . 
  i was not talking about reddit comments , but comments among polish people - online and offline . 
  if european commision want more people to hate on the eu and get poland closer to russia - this is the right way to do it . 
  the anti-eu nad pro-russian sentiment in comments is getting stronger after every one of those ec `` threats '' . 
   these nazi cows hey , they are called \u017bubr, 
  there is no war where they come from . 
  ** questionnaire was conducted on a representative group of real people marching in kod rally *, 
  high iq is also a trait of criminal masterminds and serial killers , so it 's not like the most inteligent people will surely use their talent for a good cause anyway . 
   and now hell follows them . 
  hell just responded to german invitation . 
  exactly . 
  this whole pis vs po have nothing to do with `` right-left '' ideology . 
  both parties are almost the same when you read their programs ( while ironically pis tends to be a little more left wing with their pro-social reforms like 500 + ) . 
  nowoczesna is definitely more on the right than pis if you want to be precise about dictionary definition of what is left and what is right . 
  pis is conservative on one hand , but while talking about economy it 's the most socialist party from them all in sejm . 
  you would seriously consider party who introduced extremely socialist `` 500 + program '' as a right wing party ? 
  margaret thatcher would roll in her grave laughing . 
  pis is also `` wide centre '' , even their original name was `` center agreement '', 
  do n't forget that he said to russian pro-putin newspaper , that it was polish soldiers in disguise who shoot at berkut during euromaidan in ukraine . 
  he quoted some fakenews anti-ukrainin blog on that , but after he said that thing he was quoted around russia in the headlines `` polish politician confirms that euromaidan was organized by nato '' . 
  shit like this is borderline treason . 
  german was dumb to sail around `` radical muslim hotspots '' , but on the other hand bringing thousands of people from `` radical muslim hotspots '' to germany is the official line of the german goverment supported by the voters . 
  so whats with those people in `` radical muslim hotspots '' , are they dangerous or should we invite them to our homes ? 
  i 'm confused r/europe, 
  i love that switcheroo - now critizising der sturmer type of `` humour '' makes me a conservative ? 
  i specially love how they present polish goverment as dogs , so classic german propaganda ways straight from ' 39 . 
  thank god i do n't live in the middle of the ocean . 
   so , what was the nazi party in 1933 like ? 
  german . 
  when you are more afraid of someone laught at you than being killed by a terrorist . 
  that 's sweet , it 's a pity there was no modern video blogs during wwii , maybe mengele could be your another idol , since dropping few jokes between killing innocent people obviously can make a war criminal really likable . 
  if you want we can rather stick to predictability and assume that germans will start a war in this century like they did every other century in the past . 
  which is supposedly based on that video . 
  edit : from another post : `` female voice says `` if you keep swimming you 'll reach home back '' and `` he wants to drown , leave him '' ) but is more due the fact that he let himself drown than try to grab the life buoy . 
  no ones in the video support or enjoy the situation because he was an immigrant , is the opposite , at some point people were like `` well , fuck it , i 'm done with this , he does n't want to be saved '' . '', 
  so yeah , we can clearly label `` intependend.co.uk '' as the `` fake news '' . 
  what we see in the video : african refugee commits suicide by drowning while touristst rush to help him by throwing life rings what we read in the title : african refugee drowns in venice as tourists film on phones while laughing and making racist remarks ok , independent . 
  he died and was black , so it obviously was because of those racist white people and their racist life rings . 
  in which part of video you hear that ? 
  there is that weird thing about polish left that they all act like they care more about what west thinks about them , than what actual polish voters think about them . 
  that 's the main reason pis won - they offered 500 + ( a new form of social support for parents ) while the parties who label themselfs left and prosocial at that time were more focused on preaching merkel `` open boarders '' approach . 
  so now you know the killer was not islamic ? 
  it only works that way for the most worthless of us . 
  maybe if you could do more than `` quote + smirky comment '' he could discuss with your own words other than with the reason why you used that quote . 
  which is why this is so damn funny to see that it 's them who scream about freedom of press today . 
  i think the point is that he did n't said what the guardian article wrote . 
   why are you embarrassed ? 
  in poland it 's pretty common among people who call themselves `` progressive liberals '' to be very vocal about how they are embarassed or ashamed about anything related to poland or being polish . 
  i think i can agree with you on both those things . 
  i was in toru\u0144 for the first time in my life this year and i was amazed by the old town . 
  dude . 
  you can argue about old town alone , but as the whole city ? 
  sea and beach vs no sea and no beach . 
  think about it . 
  because clearly poland is fascist dictatorship , as we can read on r/europe every day . 
  how many times more you will plaster this one incident in this thread ? 
  yeah let 's also stop the firefighters putting out the burining forests - let nature do its job, 
  germany leaving eu is some weird ass idea . 
  you basicly have information that germans attacked this building for 63 days straight , but still try to shift the blame . 
  the denial is strong . 
  it 's on wilcza 72 street , it was hq of polish lieutenant commander `` zawisza '' of the ak `` golski '' battalion . 
  germans were attacking the builidng for last 63 days of the uprising but polish battalion maintained their positions untill the cease fire on 2 october 1944 . 
  unpredictable, 
  right now there is more news about polish politics on r/europe than on polish sites . 
  im only waiting for local weather and traffic info being also submitted here so i could never leave r/europe < 3, 
   retarded  retards basicly [ untermensch !, 
  very suprising opinion for a german . 
  german redditors think that poland chosen soviet occupation in democratic elections the same way as germans had chosen hitler . 
  i 'm for polend, 
  since one of they leaders was arrested on airport while getting back from moscow with 11000 euro hidden in his boxers , i guess they are just paid shills . 
   but there has been backlash against ukrainians from the far right ? 
  of course there was specially from the putin-loving part of alt-right , but they are minority . 
  the ruling party pis and their supporters are actually anti-russian so they are not againt ukrainians ( at least untill some ukrainian nationalist starts praising stepan bandera , murderer of polish civilians and role model of ukrainian alt-right ) . 
  is n't this why people answered that way ? 
  i see why greek do n't consider cheap croatia as a vacation poit , while people in poland do . 
  if you live in tourist paradise like greece i guees you become more picky about your own vacation destinations and you would choose more far away/exotic/expensive destinations if you decide to go for a trip . 
  at the other hand people from central europe are just happy to get cheap flight to greece/croatia/bulgaria . 
  it does n't mean that people in greece or portugal have lover vacation budget than people in poland , they just do n't settle for typical european vacation places since they already live in one . 
  you would also need 99 999 citizens beside you to sign it to get it to parliament . 
  actually people who left also have chosen pis . 
  pis got 33,61 percent of votes abroad , which also would give them a win in the elections . 
  po was second with 18.56 %, 
  still not enough to compensate the war damages done by germany and 50 years of russian occupation that our eu `` friends '' sold us for . 
   muslims do n't even want to come to poland ... tell that to juncker and merkel http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/06/19/the-eu-threatens-poland-for-not-accepting-muslim-refugees-heres-how-they-responded/, 
  i thought it as all one protest ? 
  or was those two separete ? 
  if so my bad . 
   have you attended the protest in front of the supreme court ? 
  not a single politician in sight . 
  yeah i did . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa3kwwo0akk no politicians , no party banners and loudspeakers in sigh lol, 
   the current protests are civil , and not political in nature do n't be silly . 
  political parties are organizing those protests and calling people to come over . 
  [ not political at all with all those politicians speaking from the platform ] ( http://ocdn.eu/pulscms-transforms/1/dwaktkqturbxy9jyzg1ymu0mddlytuyogrkyweymmy1nwyyyzhmodflzi5qcgvnkpuczqpaamldlqiazqpawsm ),
