  kind of weird how many people will insist that it 's true . 
  then deport them , do n't just let them fester . 
  it 's not about whether they ` deserve ' your support or taxpayer money . 
  if they 're there you have to deal with it somehow or you 're just shooting yourself in the foot longterm . 
   if le pen wins , france will have a frexit vote we already knew that , though . 
  there 's no need to help me , we can just disagree . 
  i do n't think it 's the kind of news worth interrupting scheduled programming for or requiring immediate live coverage , which is the definition of `` breaking '' . 
  i guess it could be for french people but not in an international context . 
  did you consider every ridiculous statement/promise trump made during his election campaign breaking news ? 
  well i ca n't help but read it as `` breaking news : shitty populist says shitty populist thing . '', 
  maybe my expectations are too low . 
  that counts as `` breaking news '' ? 
  then it still is n't a `` typical day in germany '' . 
  and i mean , i literally live in the city where this happened , you 'd think i would have noticed * something * if it was actually that common . 
  you : i live there and this is a daily occurence me : i live there and ca n't confirm but i guess your anecdotes are worth more for some reason . 
  newsflash : plenty `` non-german faces '' existed in berlin before merkel ever got elected . 
  oh yeah , that must be why i 've literally never witnessed a thing like it happening in 24 years . 
   faint ha !, 
   i was bored in school , so i made trouble all the time and always ended up being isolated in the last row of class . 
  my performance was accordingly just mediocre . 
  now i am about to finish my phd and i teach at university . 
  underachievement is a common problem for gifted children of both sexes . 
  sounds like acting up was only a symptom in your case that could have been prevented by properly challenging your intellect . 
   just because someone may but gravel in the snow based on my experience as someone who attended several schools where snowball fights went from being tolerated to being banned , that 's * way * too optimistic . 
  90 % of snowballs had either ice or small rocks embedded . 
  one guy thinks he 's clever and starts it , hits someone , suddenly everyone 's doing it . 
  it was pretty much impossible to get a snowball fight going that was n't fucking ruthless unless you did in a small group of friends . 
  i do n't blame teachers for banning it at all . 
  and no i did n't go to some ghetto school , they were all middle class spoiled babies . 
   so it is n't practiced by accredited psychiatrists i do n't think it makes much of a difference to the victims that the people doing it are n't accredited . 
  it still happens . 
   50 upvotes yeah , clearly . 
  i feel like that can just insulted my mother . 
  populism has always been a double-edged sword . 
  it 's not by itself a bad concept but it becomes a problem when politicians start proposing popular but unrealistic or impossible policies in order to fish votes . 
  pragmatic candidates ca n't match their promises which puts them at a disadvantage . 
  as far as i 'm aware that is the type of populism which is criticised . 
  there 's nothing elitist about pointing out that trump ca n't actually bring back all those manufacturing jobs , for instance . 
   was n't the ussr the first state to not have homosexuality forbidden ? 
  it was n't explicitly legalised though , just a consequence of the whole criminal code being thrown out . 
  hmm , alexanderplatz can attract filthy people occasionally but mitte is generally quite clean . 
  i googled and it seems that rotten smell wafts up from canalisation in some places because we do n't use enough water . 
  born and raised in berlin here . 
  our hall/backyard would reek of piss once in a while when i was a kid but that was in a very broken down east just after reunification . 
  the city attracted strange people during those times . 
  i ca n't even remember the last time i 've had it happen and it most certainly is n't considered a `` berlin native thing '' . 
  i 've never really experienced berlin as ` smelly ' though . 
  where exactly did you go and what did you smell ? 
  i actually prefer these pictures , the ones in op looked like they might be a bit terrifying in real life . 
  i 'm not a fan of underground , low-ceiling cramped places and the lighter colours make everything seem a lot more spacious . 
  it 's not about who created it . 
  we 're involved , we literally profit off it . 
  if that does n't incur some degree of responsibility i do n't know what does . 
   if we dont sell them arms , i 'm sure the us , russia , china , south africa or even walmart would step in . 
  you can use that as an argument to defend the decision from an economic standpoint but morally it 's an atrocious excuse ... like a variation of `` well everyone else is doing it too , why bother ? 
   you 'll properly have children who visit our schools , are somewhat integrated in our society and have absolute no roots to their parents home country . 
  unless you mean unaccompanied minors , balkan refugees in the 90s were all sent back regardless of having jobs , kids that grew up here and were fully integrated at schools etc. 
  so i do n't really see the precedent . 
  [ look at this ] ( http://www.efms.uni-bamberg.de/graphics/d27_2bv_d.gif ), 
  yup , it should be enough to not make it worth it for her to do it again . 
  if she does repeat offend anyway you set it several times higher . 
  potentially bankrupting people over a minor offense not only makes the punishment seem discriminatory , it 's also doing the state and people a disservice . 
  socialism and liberalism are opposed . 
  there are libertarian socialists , though , if you 're looking for that . 
  do n't hate on apfelschorle , danskj\u00e4vlar . 
  i 'm not a bottled water buyer ( maybe 10l per year ) but i think soda streams end up being more expensive than buying off-brand bottles . 
  if i were to use one i 'd also have to get a filter or the bottles would be ruined in no time as berlin water has ridiculous calcium levels . 
  i imagine those could be reasons people do n't buy them but i 'm not sure . 
  in germany it 's mostly people wanting sparkling water . 
  i do n't see the embarrassment . 
  it varies by region in germany . 
  in some cities no one gives two shits but if you find yourself in bavaria you better be real careful , their police does n't joke around . 
  lots of young men , lots of free time , makes sense . 
  considering same-sex marriage started getting legalised over 10 years ago , calling it the `` latest trend '' seems ... bold . 
   who says that the west has it right ? 
  the west , i imagine . 
  no point arguing about what is objectively correct because there 's no such thing . 
  while that 's true this thread is about same-sex unions in europe , where it 's less clear-cut . 
  more like they 're living in the 1900s : /, 
  and a free divorce when puberty hits ... 
  i think the point is they 're all fucking weird , not necessarily equally bad . 
  you certainly wo n't see any such thing in berlin but i predict some protests to pop up in the south , like stuttgart . 
   you always have electronic proof of a transaction which is a double edged sword because not only you have that proof . 
  i did not know this existed , thank you for enriching my life, 
  perfect time to plug / r/anarcho _ fascism !, 
  i really do n't care about arguing semantics , i 'm not a christian , i 'm just going by [ what they say ] ( https://www.blueletterbible.org/faq/don_stewart/don_stewart_276.cfm ) . 
  why , what a crazy thing to say . 
  uhh , there are plenty christians who do believe the bible to be the word of god . 
  everyone is n't a catholic . 
  but that 's * good * propaganda , the west is just righteously trying to spread democracy and freedom . 
  it seems you missed the memo but soviets do n't exist anymore . 
  modern russia could hardly be more different so the red scare attempts are more funny than anything . 
  those are n't even in the same section of the supermarket here and most have a big fat vegan on them . 
  easy way to solve that . 
  how is this urban myth still going around ? 
  you 'd have to drink ridiculous amounts of it to get any effects . 
  i pay 1,19 $ for almond milk and it tastes great . 
  but they were talking about dugin ... ? 
  it 's just another `` muh soros '' , only even dumber because at least soros does have the means to influence things . 
  very unlikely , cdu is a behemoth and the even worse fdp is growing again .
