  all i see are the ramblings of an ethnocentric armchair psychologist . 
  how long has dancing been an integral part of brazilian ( and many other ) cultures ? 
  why would the parents sexualise their own children ? 
  or are they just not enlightened enough to see the insidious societal plot ? 
  when is a dance too sexual for a kid to be able to decide to perform it on their own , and who decides the cut-off point ? 
  i mean have you seen people dance a fucking samba ? 
  it 's literally a national icon and according to your logic no child would ever dance it without being forced or influenced to do so . 
  i read your post just fine . 
  you think a culture that does n't have a problem with kids dancing in ways that can be seen as sexual is comparable to a culture that turns a blind eye to little boys getting raped routinely . 
  just because they 're both things you disagree with does n't mean your argument makes any sense . 
  kids are perfectly capable of seeing , appreciating and copying a dance on their own volition . 
  they do not ever choose to get raped . 
  that moment when you 're so far gone you think comparing dancing with rape makes sense and does n't make you look like a lunatic ... 
   as long as the minimum wage rises with the growth , everythings fine . 
  regular wages barely are , good luck with that . 
  spare me . 
   i have no actual arguments to make so i 'll randomly compare you to a child rapist suggestion : visit some carnivals in brazil and film your reaction, 
  huh ? 
  when i was a kid my friends did much weirder shit than mimick trendy sexualised dance moves . 
  it 's not as usual in public but hardly impossible . 
  and i grew up sheltered as fuck . 
  e : i googled to find out more about this and it seems it was filmed at a brazilian pride , that 's a completely different culture with regards to dancing and i reckon they do n't need your concern . 
  i guess you ca n't read . 
  that 's okay , i 'll leave you to your outrage . 
  but nobody is doing that if he started dancing on his own , that 's why i said `` unless the people around told him to '', 
  yes , that 's what it means everywhere but north america . 
  unless the people around him told him to do it i 'd be more concerned about whoever filmed it . 
  foster care regulations are usually more liberal , maybe that 's it ? 
  fun fact : entr\u00e9e means `` main course '' in the us . 
  american readers may therefore miss the joke . 
  so they were either bisexual all along or decided to marry a woman despite not being attracted to her . 
  `` turning around '' hints at actually changing their sexuality which is impossible . 
  pretty sure christian extremists have killed , attempted to kill and bombed a bunch of abortion providers in the us . 
  seems like a scenario where `` i 'm moving to canada '' is a legitimate response . 
  both of those stereotypes are false and not backed by science . 
  do n't fall for pop psych articles . 
  finding `` isis material '' is piss easy , they literally make propaganda videos they want the world to watch . 
  by that standard anyone regularly browsing / r/syriancivilwar should be locked up . 
  interesting , did n't know that . 
  i have two just around the corner and predictably , nobody ever uses them . 
  we still have some in germany , though they went from being [ actual booths ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rqfco4d.jpg ) to [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h3ffpck.jpg ) . 
  while true , it 'd be a sign that they 're probably going to mcd and similar establishments a little too often . 
  i 'm sure if you frame it right you could get half of / r/europe to agree when it comes to russia . 
  did corbyn deny any of that ? 
  was in the us two weeks ago and got large fries once . 
  they were n't that much bigger than here in germany . 
  drink sizes are true though . 
  pretty sure if i asked for a cup of ice at my local mcd they 'd look at me like i 'm crazy . 
  unless the kids are already fat i do n't see the big deal . 
  eating there occasionally is n't going to hurt you . 
  alright godwin . 
  it is objectively true that castro did some pretty good things for his country . 
  acknowledging that should be allowed , too . 
  if you ca n't then i think you 're the one with ideology blinders , not socialists ( which corbyn barely qualifies as ) . 
  because hamas is totally the problem and related to these attacks . 
  kaufland is a mix of discount and brand name stuff . 
  they have a huge selection . 
  lidl always has flour . 
  unless they sold out but that can happen anywhere . 
   but that seems to have happened in germany too . 
  they definitely cleaned up their image , went from ugly , unorganised and somewhat dirty to a normal supermarket chain . 
  i wish we got longer cashier counters in germany as well though , i could do without frantically squeezing all items into my backpack while juggling my wallet and being stared down by the people behind me . 
  erdbeere is strawberry . 
  erdapfel is correct and used in some regions . 
  it 's like an illness , whenever berlin comes up anywhere he has to shit on it somehow . 
  depends . 
  if the currently unemployed end up with jobs that do n't give significantly more money than whatever they now receive in benefits , the current situation is arguably better from their pov . 
  feeling exploited is n't much better than feeling alienated . 
   chomsky is an asinine twat as well . 
  and i guess you 're a scholar . 
  you got me , those are totally mainstream opinions of b\u00fcndnis 90/die gr\u00fcnen . 
  perfect reflection of their platform . 
   i think a lot of it will depend on who the cdu is going to put forward after merkel . 
  it wo n't if the spd keeps dropping the ball and refuse to rebuild its social democrat profile . 
  as a cdu knock-off they will always lose to the original . 
  none of the smaller parties have platforms that could secure a majority so i do n't see them filling the void left by merkel either unless some currently unthinkable coalition possibilities start cropping up . 
  nothing , they 're a standard green party , the germans in this thread are just conservatives . 
  if you ask me barring something insane happening we will never have a truly left-wing government in the next few decades . 
  we may have had an spd chancellor before merkel 's iron grip started but he was n't actually a leftist . 
  this country is hopelessly conservative and the only strong movements that are n't in love with status-quo politics are right wing populist ones . 
  that 's not really what that sub is about though . 
  so much salt , it 's wonderful . 
  so delusional he just won the contest . 
  hmm . 
  this , but ironically . 
  that 's the opposite of what he said ... 
  can you point out where he said something different ? 
  what are you correcting ? 
  / r/europe would vote for a potato if you convinced them it was pro-eu . 
  nice job condescending to someone who just told you their family died in concentration camps because you have some kind of ideological axe to grind . 
   and a sub-par education . 
  it was explicitly about well educated people . 
  something snarky about reading comprehension and stones in glass houses . 
  it went far beyond just raising him as a girl though , both he and his brother were pretty much sexually abused by the doctor under the guise of ` research ' . 
  obviously , nice places exist on both sides . 
  my point is the east does n't have a monopoly on ugly cities . 
  my family partly hails from the ruhrgebiet so i ca n't stress it enough ... 
  though i do n't understand why people call berlin ugly in the first place , its appearances are so varied it does n't even make sense to judge the aesthetics as a whole unless you just really hate inconsistency . 
  ukrainians are n't known to blow themselves up as retaliation so it 's consistent policy in that sense ... 
  the west is full of cities far uglier .
