  e iii king is the only sane one there, 
  we warned you all, 
  they are triggered by our mere existence . 
  if you gave them the power over our nations i shudder to think what they might do . 
  technically she is * indirectly * responsible, 
  just deport them . 
  it was n't . 
  it is now . 
  the price of muslim refugees i suppose . 
  i feel your pain but let 's be realistic , other countries will try to stop you if you attempt genocide . 
  deport the savages , that 's all you have to do . 
  i ca n't even, 
  animals have territories and they protect them . 
  it 's only natural . 
  may be connected to jihadi john but i sincerely doubt it has anything to do with the irainian president since he is part of a drastically different sect of islam . 
  it would be like presbyterians slaughtering muslims because they insulted the pope . 
  honest to god prophet, 
  the `` black irish '' exist but they have nothing at all to do with africans . 
  they are just irish people with strangely mediterranean features much like a spaniard . 
  colin farrel is one for example . 
  could be descended from the original gaels who according to legend came from celtiberia . 
  only because you breed like rats, 
  prove you 're white ahmed, 
  interesting . 
  what 's the source ? 
  of course you have to be white to be european . 
  i do n't move to china and suddenly become * asian * and neither would my children . 
  * our * identities seem to be the only ones up for grabs . 
  heard this one earlier : would you consider the actress charlize theron to be african-american ? 
  it was n't until the last few decades that the line between nationality and ethnicity was blurred and now our identities are bring thrown around like confetti and have been given to every tom , dick and sally underneath the sun . 
  it is simple you can only be european if you 're white and can trace your ancestry back to this continent - which is the collective indigenous homelands of the various white peoples . 
  celts originate in europe so we are european but a moor or turk are not - though there are exceptions for some turks whose ancestors were turkified . 
  also no charlize theron is not african-american . 
  she is a european-south african that acquired american citizenship . 
  do you know why there is a correlation here between po supporters and them being resident in what was once prussia ? 
  cheers, 
  ah that makes sense . 
  god bless the rural folk . 
  go feed your welfare babies in another continent friendo, 
  `` perhaps '' what an anticlimactic end to an interesting title, 
  what is controversial about screaming '' * islamists * and * terrorists * get out of france '' ? 
  they are referring specifically to islamic radicals are they not ? 
  i would have thought that would be a rational and sane opinion, 
  is n't england the only home nation with a state church ? 
  there are four `` home nations '' of the united kingdom : england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland , each treated as a province . 
  the hashtag phenomenon has to be one of the greatest cancers of the 21st century . 
  great , let 's import the mothers and fathers of future `` home grown '' terrorists then . 
  no problem . 
  sweden 2 : electric boogaloo . 
  effective maymay , spread it on goybook for maximum effect, 
  do they think we 're the only nation with a diaspora ? 
  why should we the descendants of the people who decided to remain on the island be punished for the ones that decided to bugger off ? 
  heheh i 'm voting for the uk to leave, 
  lazy internet activism, 
  great movie, 
  you have ancestry of both sides so you are truly neither african nor european but of both descent . 
  also , what blame ? 
  they can if they want but afrikaans are not truly * african *, 
  they do but they are an exception . 
  most of them are secular anyway and are european ethnic groups . 
  is n't it mostly european liberals that say that shit ? 
  i consider irish-americans irish by ethnicity . 
  i 'd welcome them back to the motherland any day rather than importing the dregs of the third world . 
  schengen is just the internal borders . 
  secure the external borders of the eu and defend it with extreme prejudice , then we would n't have this mess, 
  israel is the only intelligent nation in the west . 
  they have the backbone to do what 's necessary for their people and country . 
  if he does n't do something constructive she has the presidency in the bag . 
  you ca n't just let 128 of your citizens die and let is get away with this . 
  i 'm fairly certain hitler would have a change of heart on that misguided comment if he seen the dire state of europe today . 
  can someone remind me what movie this is from ? 
  how much of that high birthrate is us exactly and not immigrants ? 
  have n't they noticed the irony that they 're doing the exact same thing ? 
  and people actually want turkey to join the eu, 
  how is * that * subreddit not banned ? 
  literal call to violence right off the bat . 
  is this a satirical sub ? 
  edit : it is . 
  one of the mods is called diversity_is_racism . 
  genius , lead the idiots right into a trap . 
  literally on the front page of this subreddit friend, 
  you 're one pedantic fool . 
  snarky to a fault like all liberals, 
  it 's supposed to be ironic, 
  everyone else but the poles and magyars seem to be bending over for these cunts, 
  oh ok , thanks for clearing it up, 
  sweden, 
  yes, 
  ethnically yes , but all discussion needs to be of concern to this continent not diaspora issues , so feel free to discuss them, 
  such a reddit meme, 
  i like john lennon 's music and the message is noble but it 's so fucking naive, 
  arabs are extremely inbred ; not all but most . 
  it may have not been the case when their semitic forebearers were creating glorious civilizations but islam fucked them . 
  cheers, 
  duncan construction, 
  eh it 's not that bad . 
  still living here, 
  seen this on / r/ireland , had a giggle, 
  the most bombed town in the north, 
  like,
