  it 's all we have ; _ ;, 
   catholic nationalist movement, 
  how wrong you are ; they were secular . 
  get fucked anyway bulgaria , you are literally irrelevant, 
  why do n't you do something about all those turks and gypsies you mongrel instead of shitposting ? 
  perhaps , ca n't say i 've met many mcginleys however . 
  if they have some sort of legacy here i 'm unaware of it, 
  we apologise . 
  he 's a disgusting traitor . 
  the republic only got its state in the last century and now he wants to disregard the irish men and women who fought for it and give it all away to strangers . 
  he wants you to do the same . 
  he is evil . 
  / u/75000 _ tokkul what are you trying to achieve in life ? 
  still some existing clans left in ireland and scotland . 
  i 've no fucking idea about my ancestors however . 
  god forbid it happens to the the italians but we can use * `` never spaghetti '' * if it occurs, 
  no tears here, 
  he is one charismatic character . 
  i wish we had a farage over here . 
  whatever do you mean ? 
  those muslims are french / s, 
  i agree the migrant hordes flooding the continent can be described as a big pile of garbage, 
  cuckmunists and cuckservatives everywhere, 
  the truth hurts , does n't it libs ? 
  you should read the sticky, 
  also , notice the mosque in the background, 
  the left wing has lost its mind . 
  they were n't very sane beforehand but now they 've gone full mong . 
  daesh * are * imperialist ; it is the very nature of a caliphate . 
  this ca n't be legit can it ? 
  send a strongly worded letter like usual . 
  deep concern and all that . 
  agreed , too many misleading submissions . 
  there needs to be a date attached . 
  make one for the north american continent , perhaps the mods can stick it in the sidebar . 
  you ca n't curb peoples nature like that in a free speech sub . 
  the best the mods can do is delete anything that goes against side-wide rules . 
  more likely to trigger the masses and get us quarantined or banned outright . 
  you should ideally source this kind of stuff . 
  without it , it is just hearsay at best . 
  as long as they have dclauzel and his banhammer we should regularly get / r/europe refugees, 
  that 's fucked up, 
  who cares ? 
  i think it 's inevitable due to their savagery , but it 's fucked up to see how many people want it to happen to just prove a point about the muslims . 
  it staggers me how many people are okay with the possibility of becoming a minority in your own country . 
  they could do absolutely anything here if they led the charge ; remove st. patrick 's day , christmas & easter as national holidays , ban the irish language , and even change the name of the country . 
  if it 's muslims in power , especially , it never turns out well for the christian minority . 
  all doomsday scenarios but it is entirely possible if anyone besides us was in charge . 
  no one has a connection to this island or its history like we do ; we 've been here for thousands of years . 
  the bones of our ancestors dating back 9000 years are in this soil . 
  no , it 's \\ #diesel, 
  * `` mans worst enemy hates mans best friend '' * ~ some random anon, 
  no , that 's just what you tell yourself to continue being pc . 
  political correctness is used to shut down all sorts of legitimate political debates . 
  ideally it should be up to the citizens of each european country that takes them in , not the refugees . 
  europe is not their home ; their home is syria . 
  do n't be so snarky when you are clearly in the wrong . 
  this is a concern of europe not the us . 
  you are n't in close proximity with africa or western asia . 
  we are drawing all sorts of opportunity seekers who are n't syrian due to the welfare benefits we throw around like confetti . 
  you 're right , let 's let in thousands of more people who have the potential to be radicalised . 
  illegal immigration should never be tolerated, 
  yes but the fact that you omitted is that generally the original inhabitants of france did n't want the migrants there . 
  the gauls did not want the romans or the germanic tribes to take them over - they fought against them . 
  now their language , and most of their culture is lost ; they no longer exist as a distinctive people . 
  let 's just keep bringing in the whole middle east until the point bombings like in baghdad become a common occurrence then shall we ? 
  males are a necessary part of society , muslims are not . 
  why should n't turkey take responsibility but france should ? 
  they are middle-eastern asians born in europe , not european . 
  i do n't move the china and become asian . 
  use your bloody head . 
  this has to be one of the most trite retorts i 've ever heard . 
  hahaha i do n't see the wbc mass murdering people . 
  false equivalency at its finest . 
   every individual coming to europe gets checked thoroughly, 
  a bare faced lie . 
  prove it . 
  actually it 's working amazingly well for israel . 
  very little suicide bombers these days . 
  how many refugees have you taken into yours ? 
  your words are worth fuck all . 
  provide sources instead of lies . 
  big, 
   every individal coming to europe gets checked thoroughly . 
   into europe, 
  you lied about that . 
  think before you speak . 
  you are falsely equivalating islamic terrorism with christian fundamentalism ( which * rarely * results in terror ) which itself is a fallacy . 
   native europeans, 
  what is this bastardisation of terms ? 
  how can the left consider them native europeans ? 
  are white-americans native-americans now ? 
  scotch-irish otherwise known as ulster scots are mostly descended from lowland scots , not gaelic scots or gaelic irish . 
  sticky pls mods, 
  listen to that strong northern accent on the lorry drivers . 
  we sound awful lol, 
  bendthatdick cuminbitch ? 
  looks like we 've a got a new detractor now with / r/poeslawinaction, 
  probably / u/75000 _ tokkul the perpetually triggered, 
  hope nothing bad happened,
