bloody sunday -- sometimes called the bogside massacre -- was an incident on 30 january 1972 in the bogside area of derry , northern ireland . 
  british soldiers shot 26 unarmed civilians during a protest march against internment . 
  fourteen people died : thirteen were killed outright , while the death of another man four-and-a-half months later was attributed to his injuries . 
  many of the victims were shot while fleeing from the soldiers and some were shot while trying to help the wounded . 
  two protesters were also injured when they were run down by army vehicles . 
  the march had been organised by the northern ireland civil rights association and the northern resistance movement . 
  the soldiers involved were members of the 1st battalion , parachute regiment , also known as `` 1 para '', 
  here 's some footage of that day :, 
   well the planters came from the lowlands which was norman not gael but yeh . 
  i know this is mostly true due to the ulster scots language being somewhat prevalent here but there 's plenty of protestant unionists with the gaelic `` mc '' or `` mac '' prefix . 
  something tells me they definitely have irish blood . 
   if you know any irishman with a surname fitz-something than he is of norman origin . 
  yeah i knew about that . 
  my surname is of gaelic origin but i have friends with norse-gael names like mcaullife and mciver which would be the gaelicisation of the names olafsson and ivarsson . 
  kind of wish we could still gaelicise / anglicise peoples names if people intended to settle down here to be honest, 
  this is a free speech sub . 
  not everyone here are nazi 's or fascsists but due to the nature of this sub it is bound to attract them . 
  do you suggest we start banning them ? 
  that would be against the very nature of this community . 
  may your independence last for a thousand more years polskibro, 
  magyars are just the hungarians . 
  poles and hungarians have a friendship stretching back over hundreds of years though . 
  pict and gael side by side once again, 
  both of them assimilated into gaelic culture and became gaels through intermarriage , just like most of the anglo-normans did in ireland . 
  i was mainly referencing pictishnationalists username however, 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to get at but i never mentioned the lowlands . 
  robert was a gaelic speaker from a mixed gaelic/norman heritage , as was william wallace a gaelic speaker . 
  i suggest you get caught up on your history . 
  nevertheless the kingdom of scotland ( hint : scotti was the latin word for gaels ) was founded by gaels so you ca n't get around that fact . 
  no offense but there 's getting to be too many of you over here . 
  of course , its why empires always fall . 
  worldwide open borders is an utterly unworkable fantasy that 'll never happen . 
  [ do n't worry , our boys will win ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9nw9h118hu ), 
  would n't mind me a baltic girl, 
  at least you 're mostly catholic too . 
  both catholic and royally fucked by foreign empires . 
  o ' the woe of we . 
   they are very mixed with the irish, 
  what ? 
  man when are we getting an irish pope ? 
  it 's been 1500 years . 
  pope paddy would sort us out . 
  the elites are in for a rude awakening soon, 
  they 're mostly orthodox unfortunately, 
  why should it ? 
  the common travel area has been in place since 1923 ; long before the inception of the eu . 
  we 're hardly a foreign people to each other and there are roughly the same amount of britons claiming benefits in the republic of ireland, 
   during the slave days , black slaves were very expensive , but irish one were dirt cheap . 
  so some shit heads got the bright idea to force breed young irish girls with male blacks to create a cheaper alternative . 
  was n't that a caribbean phenomenon ? 
  i do n't think that happened in continental north america . 
   the majority of white genetics that black people in the us have is irish, 
  do you have a reputable source on this ? 
  there were no irish slaves in the united states of america . 
  there were irish slaves in the british caribbean however . 
  i do n't want a `` race war '' but repatriation is a must for the serious amount of illegal immigrants plaguing europe . 
  beside that , the armed forces of european nations are usually the most nationalistic ( due to obvious reasons ) ; there is n't a chance in hell they 'll side with foreigners against their own people . 
  it 's a big crisis for eu, 
  poor france always bears the brunt of this terrorism evil . 
  sticky this mods, 
  nice touch with the euromap mods . 
  * vive la france !, 
  far-right extremists are usually lone wolves and mostly idiots . 
  real patriots do n't resort to such barbarism and murder people en masse like this , let alone their own people . 
  they stickied that shit . 
  mods please be quick to ban false flaggers who call for violence so these dickheads do n't get their way . 
  apparently they 've taken eagles of death metal hostage along with their fans . 
  [ i really like that band ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzrctlnsf4m ) . 
  oh , i was n't aware . 
  thank god . 
  i hope the hostages get rescued soon . 
  what ? 
  i 'm taking about redditors using throwaway accounts to call for violence against muslims in an attempt to get this subreddit shut down . 
  sweden, 
  / pol / and / r/european are always right, 
  [ solidarity from ireland ] ( https://i.imgur.com/bencfgq.png ), 
  the largest hate group in existence ; with approximately 1.5 billion people !, 
  welcome . 
  there are no thought crimes here . 
  speak your mind . 
  you ca n't wait to see this happen again ? 
  why ? 
  enjoy seeing more european deaths, 
  so terrorism is the answer to their failure to integrate into french society ? 
  why is it only muslims that resort to such drastic actions ? 
  east asian and indian immigrants seem to get along with europeans fine where ever they settle so what is making these muslims do such an evil thing ? 
  could it be their `` holy '' text ? 
  we should ban islam ? 
  loony woman, 
  150 french citizens were slaughtered in cold blood like cattle . 
  justice needs to be served . 
  very haram pls delete or i 'll delete you . 
  seen that one . 
  are these people literally psychopaths ? 
  they make the same mistakes over and over again and they expect different results . 
  i just do n't understand them, 
  what, 
  the irony is palpable, 
  europe is going to be a complete sausagefest if this migration continue unabated . 
  very haram tbh,
