right ? 
  kindergarten . 
  is has no place in this world . 
  all hail the are !, 
  is there a way to translate it to english ? 
  stuff like this is why i do n't wan na touch the steaming pile of shit that is the ukraine crisis with a hundred meter pole . 
  what you save on licensing , you spend on tech support . 
  yeah but it 's in a care home . 
  with caretakes that need payments themselves and tons of other expenses . 
  probably similar to a hospital , that also has hotel-like expenses . 
  kinda bloated , but not that much ( not by 2000 % anyway ) , when you consider professional caretakes , cleaning staff , cooking staff , maintenance and such . 
  i 'd rather have neither . 
  the op would do better to just say what they meant , instead of using an unreadable graph as some sort of metaphor . 
  really . 
  i always thought it was sarcasm . 
  it 's still a weakness , even if it 's the same in other parts of the world , is n't it ? 
  all of it . 
  business as usual . 
  ( usually ) when two people , who respect each other , talk about a topic they disagree on , the conversation is pretty quiet . 
  then they change the subject . 
  the best cartoons ( and puppet animation ) in europe . 
  watched jajo & pajo yesterday , almost cried from nostalgia during the intro music . 
   it 's like in every country i go now there are some protests and other bad stuff !, 
  you 're bad luck . 
  besides , the article is one year old . 
  things are calmer now . 
  still going to shit , but calmly . 
  butbutbut ... russiabashing !, 
  we ca n't let things like `` facts '' or `` truth '' get in the way of us pissing on things that we do n't like !, 
  on a premium hd floppy . 
  after reading the title , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dwusswo.jpg ) is all i can think of . 
  while people have bread and games , they wo n't be bitching about things . 
  it 's just an assumption , but this is a common thing , where the people party/drink to forget how shitty the world around them is . 
  they were doing uk from 2007 to 2009 , they were doing france from 2008 to 2010 . 
  they did slovenia on tuesday . 
  p.s. ^ ^ ^ none-of-the-figures-above-are-real . 
   anatoly pakhomov said homosexuals were welcome at the games - as long as they `` respect russian law '' and `` do n't impose their habits on others '' . 
  i guess i missed a memo informing me , that there we rampant homos running around , forcing people to wear glitter and suck some cock . 
  if ratifying a treaty makes it an internal law , would n't it be equivalent to national law ? 
  are we still listening to ratings agencies ? 
  that might be the most cynical response yet . 
  fighting on the internet . 
  what a great way to spend your time . 
  seriously ? 
  it still does n't automatically mean there 's causality . 
  there would have to be a whole lot of research to prove said causality . 
  in my opinion ( please do n't kill me for it ) there 's no single reason that poorer countries are poorer . 
  or a single reason that corrupt countries are corrupt . 
  rather there 's multiple systems that are failing in those countries and the system failures combined bring the current state of affairs . 
  on r/europe ? 
  say it aint so . 
  his stats are like something you 'd read after you 've finished call of duty . 
  where there 's money to be made , there 's going to be people screwing you over for it . 
  organic food is a fucking joke . 
  because you have to rob a bank to get the money that 's on your account ? 
  clever . 
  this might sound weird , but [ taraxacum , or dandelion , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taraxacum ) in the spring is the single best salad you will ever eat . 
  you gather the leaves , it takes forever to gather enough of it ( unless you grow it ) but it 's well worth it . 
  over the course of the year , dandelion also absorbs lots of iron and other minerals , which makes it more bitter , that 's why it 's best in the spring . 
  you can add pieces of cooked potato and cooked egg to it and you have heaven in a bowl . 
  along with some mashed potato and a steak , or some roast potato with bacon in the middle ( i think there were a few pics of it yesterday ) . 
  i extend a warm fuck you to the snow that is keeping us from this delicious food . 
  is n't that a demigod ? 
  like a mortal with special abilities , like folding paper cranes really fast ? 
  how can shit get so fucked up in a single day ? 
  a sunday , no less . 
  we have profesorji.net , but it 's only for slovenian universities . 
  it does n't have the desired effect either , the students that have certain classes get to know the profs quickly enough and the profs do n't really have to deal with any of the reviews on that site . 
  and they do n't . 
  latte means milk does n't it ? 
  i never understood using `` milk '' as a name for coffee . 
  really . 
  but we ca n't do that , because it 's icky . 
  which is one of the reasons that this will never change - mentality of the people is that it 's indecent , therefore it should be illegal . 
  i thought skype has encrypted communications . 
  and some weird routing black magic . 
  i was also disappointed about la\u0161ko not being there , while there 's a bunch of obscure ones all over the place . 
  not the greatest of charts . 
  if coffee here is bad , then i never had and never will have good coffee . 
  or you drank some shit from a vending machine or something . 
  i like it better because raw milk tastes like shit to me . 
  once you boil it ( and cool it down ) it 's a bit better , but aint nobody got time for that . 
  not this shit again -_-, 
  [ indect ] ( http://www.indect-project.eu/ ) is what i found , could be it . 
  the same ambiguous bullshit as with other bills ; `` we 're just gon na read your data to see if you 're a terrorist or a criminal , see ? '', 
  yeah , but we 're talking vatican here . 
  there 's almost no other reason to be there , other than to practice catholicism . 
  and truck nuts , of course . 
  i trust the people . 
  the politicians and the owners of the politicians however ... a little less . 
  from the pics it looks like a nice town , i would like to visit it someday, 
  yeah i guess they are n't really the worst roads in the world , but there 's still a whole bunch of potholed messes about . 
  the funny thing is , no matter how bad a pothole is , it wo n't get fixed for years . 
  they rather make a semaphore or a very low speed limit or even build a rail around the thing , so you have to drive on the opposite lane to get past the hole . 
  highways are pretty good , i 'll give them that . 
  we are n't a third world country . 
  we have internet , running water , electricity ( lots and lots of beutiful electricity ) and good cell networks with 3g . 
  and we 're not slovakia . 
  that 's two countries to the northeast . 
  it is true , however , that the roads are mostly fucked up and wherever you go in slovenia , there 's a big chance that there 's a forest or at least a forest patch in a 20km radius .
