  they go through internet forums and news portals and always defend russian government or attack it 's opponents or eu in general while pretending to be a part of the group . 
  some of them can be so brainwashed they actually do believe what they are saying ( we call them * homo sovieticus * ) . 
  the thing is that if ukraine remains with russia , it is guaranteed to not recover , because of widespread and growing corruption , government power in elite 's hands , etc. 
  if they turn to eu however , they would be forced to make reforms according to eu standards , which would drastically decrease corruption levels and people at least would have ** hope ** for a better life . 
  ukrainians know very well they will not become instantly rich after trade agreements , but at least there would be potential . 
  you have many misconceptions . 
  in england citizens have everything . 
  cheap . 
  all you need to do is have any job , even the worst one , and you will live very good life . 
  in ukraine people are struggling of getting money for food . 
  those protesters in ukraine are the most ordinary people there can ever be with the best intentions . 
  i 'd suggest to watch the videos , but you wo n't understand the language . 
  these protesters are cleaning the streets after their protests , have organized their own order watchers that look for drunk people and are calming down provocateurs that try to ignite violence versus riot police . 
  in uk protesters loot , that 's it . 
  this is the difference you ca n't comprehend . 
  in uk you have nothing meaningful to be not happy about . 
  your minor frustrations about privacy are not legitimate reasons to go to streets compared to ukraine . 
  this is democracy because these acts are representing the will of the majority . 
  another thing against your `` violent hooligans '' is that very big part of the protesters are old people , 50y and older , men and women . 
  that 's again a contrast to the london riots you probably are thinking about . 
  there seems to be some meetings in the east that support yanukovich and his path towards the russia . 
  there were a report of 1000 people if i recall correctly , although now i ca n't find the source . 
  i think it is a realistic number , because people are certainly afraid in the east that russia will make economic sanctions to ukraine and many will lose jobs there . 
  it seems they are outnumbered by eu supporters 10:1 . 
  he probably meant j. m. barosso , the president of european commission . 
  in lithuania estonians and finns are jokingly viewed as very slow , probably because of they way their languages sound to us . 
  haha really , never noticed before . 
  what are the example jokes about norway ? 
  three finns are fishing . 
  2 hours later one says `` not biting '' . 
  after another 2 hours second says `` yeah , really not biting '' . 
  after another 3 hours third says `` if you keep talking we wo n't catch anything '' . 
  in lithuania potato jokes ( like all 2 of them ) are about belarus , not latvia . 
  the only `` joke '' about latvians i am aware of is about horse heads ( zirga galva ) , no idea why . 
  fair enough . 
  also , does a country gain power based on the number of citizens ? 
  any explanation why ? 
  still either people need to take loans more responsibly or banks give loans more responsibly . 
  maybe it 's just because of the mentality in my country where people are very distrustful with bank loans and usually do n't buy anything until they save money for it , even if it means you lose some by the time you have enough . 
  giving/taking loans seems like a rational decision from both bank perspective ( interest ) and customer perspective ( housing prices are growing ) , but it only is because of looking in the short-term quick profit/assuming house prices will continue to rise . 
  besides , as for your inflation point , banks usually ask interest rates that are bigger than inflation , so it only leaves us with one main reason to take a loan - make quick profit of rising prices . 
  i just explained why you do n't `` basically lose '' 5000 because of inflation . . also you just explained why houses are not safe investment , especially if buying with loans . 
  do n't base your actions on sayings and herd mentality , this is what will get you in crisis . 
  because there are obvious housing price bubbles , its not safe at all . 
  besides , what exactly you lose to inflation ? 
  just because the bubble is rising , does n't mean you are losing money . 
  it does n't go away and not everything gets pricier . 
  common misconception is that inflation magically eats your money , while all it does is indicate that certain things ' prices are rising . 
  and housing is one of those things . 
  actually , i ca n't even blame your right wing press for it . 
  among the immigrants the percentage of the people you described are much larger than in general population . 
  that 's partly because these people have hard time finding jobs here in lithuania . 
  we are even joking sometimes that although many good people emigrate to uk and such , many more would-be-criminals and jobless troublemakers ( like ones stereotyped in video ) leave too , which makes it actually kind of better for us who stay . 
  stereotype - yes , offensive - no . 
  these are more equivalent to us gangs of blacks . 
  not sure about uk , maybe similar mentality to football hooligans . 
  if there are equivalents to rednecks in rural areas then they are way less opinionated than the ones in us . 
  i just shove a handful of seeds into my mouth , put it with tongue in one side of jaw , then take from there seeds one by one , open it with front teeth , eat the delicious seed and put the peels in other side of jaw and repeat no more seeds are left , then spit out all the peels and shove another handful ^ ^ just ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ i ^ ^ only ^ ^ tried ^ ^ it ^ ^ once, 
  no , because they take debt to buy them . 
  they could just not buy it and get taxed 0 % . 
  so there 's the problem - people buy 3 houses thinking they will make profit from it . 
  and the fact that he decided to take a chain says that he did n't intend to make any noticeable damage to police , but more create a spectacle for the cameras . 
  yes , for those with the loans i understand . 
  but for those who bought and are not in debt , it 's the same as they are n't going to buy or sell anything soon . 
  but again , if people are in debt after crash , meaning they pay way too much for the bank , bank should have way too much money and should be able to finance many new business creating new jobs , etc , since property is much cheaper and makes it easier to start a factory or so . 
  it is n't happening like that ? 
  can someone explain how housing price crash could `` sink '' the economy ? 
  would n't it actually improve it ? 
  because as i would think , if , let 's say , houses suddenly cost only 25 % of the current prices , more people can afford to buy house and in turn can spend the rest of the money on other things , at the same time increasing consumption - rising economy . 
  and those who are currently rich already and are speculating with housing will get down to more equal level with the rest . 
  where 's the problem ? 
  are n't these the provocateurs that tried to encourage violence from protesters ? 
  why is israel so low ? 
  massive protests in ukraine because of the president not signing economic treaty with eu . 
  i think it 's not because people do n't care about ukraine , but more that they do not know what is happening and are uninformed about it . 
  also georgia . 
  ukraine will need some more time , but it will sign sooner than later i hope . 
  they had gorbachov ( sorry if i wrote it wrong ) , but he is mostly hated , because putin said that he was `` national traitor '' because he did n't approve of violence in the occupied states . 
  besides , let 's not forget that putin does n't have that much support in russia . 
  i think many remember the famous meme , where putin got 120 % of voters come to vote , videos of votes being faked and the whole election being clearly rigged . 
  so i do n't blame russian people that much , they are kind of exploited in the big way themselves by the corrupt government over there . 
  in reality it 's just an asshole boss of russia . 
  it says `` poor switzerland '' . 
  why is bosnia called like that ? 
  influence does n't equal power . 
  eu has some influence in russia itself , and i think in the long term everyone would be happier if some day russia would be able to join eu too , after transforming itself to fit the model of course . 
  so it 's more like the spread of the way of eu than gaining direct power . 
  would n't call it `` fight for more power '' , because once a country joins eu it is a member and have a power of himself . 
  it is n't like brussel is controlling all the countries , it is just a place where all countries gather to discuss . 
  and besides let 's not forget one of the main reasons of eu - to prevent europe getting in another war . 
  and getting ukraine into eu would further lessen chances of russia growing into anything larger . 
  also , when the accidents do happen in that area , who is considered responsible and who has to pay for damages ? 
  i can see the motivation of higher efficiency , but also i can see this quickly going out of control when some members will decide to abuse it . 
  well that was inevitable i think . 
  a union such as eu with widely different cultures inside is not that easy to merge . 
  but i do n't think the far right will ever have much power in eu , because they are usually very opinionated and very specific about certain things and they do not go into compromises even with each other . 
  for example far right in my country view gays as their biggest enemies , mostly because of media largely exploiting their hate and inciting it with their `` news '' about gays , while they do n't view immigration as a problem at all , because many of them emigrate to western europe themselves . 
  the point is they are currently too local to gain traction as a whole . 
  not lithuania at least . 
  we live way better than our parents at a time .
