crimea river . 
  that was a joke , jeez . 
  tolerance is a western thing . 
  russians do n't want that in their unique culture . 
  crimea river . 
  yeah , totally agree if separating method from goal , no doubt about that . 
  this kind of attitude ( goal explains methods ) is what led to ever growing influence of criminals in russia itself . 
   stop for a moment and think where would you stand if the situation was in reverse that 's why i said it depends on who you support . 
  it 's good that you can afford to remain neutral . 
  i do n't live in a country that is so outside of russia 's influence as to afford to remain neutral . 
  if i would remain neutral , i would essentially be inviting russians to occupy my country . 
  and we all know they want that . 
  i am not looking for excuses why any of this is right , i simply do n't want russians to win . 
  they are too big and too aggressive already , if they win in east ukraine , sad times will come to other regions that were in soviet union . 
  i do n't see any polls showing that . 
  but even then they should have a big pr campaign in eu before joining . 
  public opinion change , it might not be welcomed now , but does n't mean it wo n't be ever . 
  just because ? 
  so the civilians have chosen to cooperate and protect thugs . 
  i 'm not even sure they can be called civilians if they are helping enemies . 
  this all depends which side you support . 
  i support ukraine not because they are right ( there is no right in this conflict ) , but because i do n't want russians to think they can keep annexing neighborhood states without any consequences . 
  eastern ukraine is where there are many russians as well as ukrainians . 
  i think it 's good that at least some ( if more than 100 thousands can be called some ) are fleeing , because that will make region more united in the long run . 
   1 : many people say turkey is not even in europe , but this is debated . 
  i do n't see how it 's relevant . 
  a fate of country ca n't be decided by arbitrary limitations . 
   2 : if turkey joins the eu , that means the eu will border iraq , iran , syria , and be in the middle east and the eu wants turkey as a buffer against them . 
  can be solved by adding a requirement to drastically improve border control with these regions . 
   3 : turkey is dominantly muslim , while europe is christian . 
  some europeans have xenophobic thoughts towards muslims as an influx of them arrives . 
  what do you think will happen when 76m muslims have free roam over most of the eu ? 
  before even a question of turkey joining eu can be raised realistically , migration policy changes need to be done in eu . 
  migration policy changes are needed already , so this will likely to be solved in upcoming years . 
   the eu ( at least i think ) does not want a muslim country . 
  it would also greatly affect integration . 
  and the differing cultures . 
  i do n't see why . 
  there are already different cultures in eu . 
  eastern and western europe cultures have quite some differences . 
  although this would be another level of difference , so this maybe should be resolved by some kind of referendum in whole eu whether people would accept turkey or not . 
   4 : turkey is scrutinised for corruption . 
  turkey has corrupt politicians and government . 
  they are quick to ban free speech which goes against what the eu stands for . 
  see when turkey banned certain social networking sites . 
  this can be one of the requirements for them to join eu . 
  turkey has already eu association agreement ( for 50 years already ) and is a member of nato . 
  but because of it 's size and the level of difference , it is complicated for eu to allow them in for other more pragmatical reasons . 
  since there are so many countries in eu already , it 's not easy to find agreements between all . 
  and if turkey would join , they would become quite a political power and may make it harder to reach agreements . 
  but in the end i think , when the time comes , turkey should join eu . 
  how strong islam is in turkey ? 
  would it become a problem in certain human right 's questions ? 
  anyway , i believe the possibility of turkey joining eu would only be after migration policy changes . 
  countries should have a chance to decide how many immigrants to allow , because free movement through eu of such big country as turkey can have negative consequences on stability . 
  there are certain rules to war . 
  those who break them are bound to suffer . 
  and russians seem to be extra inclined to break every war rule there is . 
  just recently there was a report where separatists started waving while flag from their minivan and came close to ukrainian military , then opened fire . 
  would you say ukrainians had to not shoot them too ? 
  a rules to war were created not to weaken yourself , but to give you as well as your enemy certain possibilities . 
  that includes protecting civilians and surrendered troops . 
  but if you abuse the rule , you basically lose that possibility at a cost of short term benefit . 
  the data shows that many people who supposedly get the minimum wage , actually get higher wage , but in a `` letter '' to avoid taxes . 
  `` black market '' of salary is not that small in lithuania . 
  then the civilians would be quite happy to shield the armed fighters because they knew they are immune . 
  when some are killed , they will think twice before letting separatists into their homes . 
  keep in mind that this `` goodness '' parameter in relation to actual influence in the world is the same kind of parameter as population density to net population . 
  in other words , these countries are supposedly the most efficient in generating influence , not most influential . 
  although i agree , but putin has it 's point that it is for residents to decide . 
  and the possibility of that happening i think is quite big , because let 's remember that the residents are big part the descendants of the same sadistic criminals who executed all these atrocities . 
  at least inmates of gulags thought nazi concentration camps were actually better . 
  could be `` grass is greener on the other side '' , but who knows ... 
  i think he meant that people associate the name `` stalingrad '' more with victory against nazis than with stalin regime . 
  although it 's hard to tell if it is true or not . 
   meeting with them does n't mean agreeing with or supporting them . 
  that 's a good point . 
  is n't g8 just a symbolic `` club '' anyway ? 
  by throwing russia out they just symbolically expressed deep disagreement with their actions . 
  it 's not like they do n't talk to russia anymore or anything . 
  maybe that explains why south are so `` poor '' and low gdp . 
  they do n't burn enough natural gas . 
  many answered why historically russians have been hated in these countries . 
  but there are more . 
  if you lived in lithuania and would know nothing about russia and would read news , you 'd slowly start to hate russia too . 
  reason being that in every article about everything lithuanian government related there is a brigade of anti-lithuanian , pro-russian comments with the same rhetoric of insulting lithuanians and glorifying russia and soviet union . 
  and although everybody knows they are hired commentators , we still know they are hired by russian government . 
  and how do you feel about country whose government sends brigades of commentators to insult your country in your country news sites ? 
  well , fuck . 
  / r/europecirclejerk, 
  english news are quite unbiased . 
  but if you change rt.com to russian , you instantly see another news site with different news . 
  i always assumed everyone thinks their own media is not trust worthy ? 
  at least that 's what i assume . 
  to be more specific i assume that every media that depends in any way on the thing it 's reporting is not trustworthy . 
  so that extends from local to neighbor news and other places of interest to the reporter . 
  i assume only outsider not dependent in any way can make unbiased report . 
  just for people 's awareness . 
  commentators like this are common in russia and other countries like lithuania . 
  these are paid by russian government and are called `` opinion formers '' .
