  in the case of yanokuvych , he did not resign , he is not unable to exercise his authority for health reasons , and he is not dead . 
  therefore , he can only be removed by impeachment . 
  under article 111 , an impeachment procedure can be initiated by a majority of the members of the rada . 
  to bring charges against a president requires two-thirds of the members . 
  however , as the constitution states : `` the procedure of impeachment shall be adopted by the verkhovna rada of ukraine by at least three-quarters of its constitutional membership upon a review of the case by the constitutional court of ukraine , and receipt of its opinion on the observance of the constitutional procedure of investigation and consideration of the case of impeachment , and upon a receipt of the opinion of the supreme court of ukraine to the effect that the acts , of which the president of ukraine is accused , contain elements of treason or other crime . '', 
  there are 450 members of the rada . 
  on february 22 , 2014 the ukrainian parliament voted 328-0 to impeach president yanukovych . 
  this would have been sufficient to bring charges ( two-thirds ) , but to adopt impeachment requires a three-quarters vote , i.e. 
  at least 337 votes , which were clearly not cast . 
  furthermore , the ukrainian constitution also states that such a vote , had it been cast would still need to be reviewed by the constittuional court of ukraine to determine if the procedure had been constitutional . 
  moreover , the constitutional court 's review would have to be approved by the supreme court of ukraine . 
  neither of these steps was ever taken . 
  instead , the unconstitutional regime proceeded to fire members of the constitutional court , who had voted for the 2010 constitution on the grounds that their decision violated their oath of office . 
  so much for the independence of the judiciary . 
  thus under the current constitution , yanukovych is still the incumbent and legitimate president of the ukraine , as he has stated . 
  the relevant articles of the ukrainian constitution follow : article 108 the authority of the president of ukraine shall be subject to an early termination in cases of : 1 ) resignation ; 2 ) inability to exercise presidential authority for health reasons ; 3 ) removal from office by the procedure of impeachment ; 4 ) his/her death . 
  article 109 : the resignation of the president of ukraine shall enter into force from the moment when he personally announces the statement of resignation at a meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  article 110 . 
  incapability of the president of ukraine to exercise his authority for health reasons shall be determined at a meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine and confirmed by a decision adopted by the majority of its constitutional membership on the basis of a written petition of the supreme court of ukraine , upon a recourse of the verkhovna rada of ukraine and a medical opinion . 
  article 111 . 
  the president of ukraine may be removed from the office by the verkhovna rada of ukraine in compliance with a procedure of impeachment if he commits treason or other crime . 
  the issue of the removal of the president of ukraine from the office in compliance with a procedure of impeachment shall be initiated by the majority of the constitutional membership of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  the verkhovna rada of ukraine shall establish a special ad hoc investigating commission , composed of special prosecutor and special investigators to conduct an investigation . 
  the conclusions and proposals of the ad hoc investigating commission shall be considered at the meeting of the verkhovna rada of ukraine . 
  on the ground of evidence , the verkhovna rada of ukraine shall , by at least two-thirds of its constitutional membership , adopt a decision to bring charges against the president of ukraine . 
  the decision on the removal of the president of ukraine from the office in compliance with the procedure of impeachment shall be adopted by the verkhovna rada ( supreme rada ) of ukraine by at least three-quarters of its constitutional membership upon a review of the case by the constitutional court of ukraine , and receipt of its opinion on the observance of the constitutional procedure of investigation and consideration of the case of impeachment , and upon a receipt of the opinion of the supreme court of ukraine to the effect that the acts , of which the president of ukraine is accused , contain elements of treason or other crime . 
  indeed . 
  whether it 's in kiev , or crimea , you have people in power because of the threat of violence . 
  legitimacy simply does n't matter anymore in this context . 
  it is more to highlight the fact that the eu and us are not nearly as benevolent as people here like to believe they are . 
  particularly the eu . 
  they play hard and dirty with the rules in the interests of empire ; just because they use soft power more often than not does n't excuse it . 
  and now that the rf is pushing back with its own brand of imperialism against the slow march of the eu and nato eastward , people are crying foul , as if their precious rules are worth a damn . 
  after they repeatedly shit all over said rules , nobody should take their purported humanitarian interests seriously . 
  they do n't care about ukranian or crimean self determination , they care about maintaining economic hegemony . 
  they can not abide competition . 
  an unconstitutional referendum to match an unconstitutionally appointed government . 
  in other words , breaking the law only matters when the interests of the eu and usa do n't coincide with it . 
  they just hoped that russia would be a good little european capitalist and join in on and submit to the g7 's brand of imperialism . 
  what they got instead is a russia that 's developing its own rival base of imperialism . 
  so much for the good ol' boys . 
  the only anti-communist spirit of the maidan was svoboda and right sector , people who hold as their political heritage the mass murder of communists and minorities . 
  now you 're just being obtuse . 
  never once have i used rt as a source . 
  but your world view is so simple that you ca n't handle the idea of someone critical of the maidan without being pro russian or a propaganda spewing caricature . 
  meanwhile you go off saying you 'd be perfectly fine with nazi militias patrolling a nation . 
  seriously , fucking listen to yourself . 
  yeah , just look at all these lies ... * dmitry yarosh , deputy national security leader * yarosh heads a militant ultra-rightwing group praviy sektor ( right sector ) , which surged to prominence during the euromaidan demonstrations for its uncompromising stance . 
  * oleksandr sych , deputy prime minister * sych , 49 , is a member of the far-right nationalist svoboda ( freedom ) party . 
  he is an anti-abortion activist and once publicly suggested that women should `` lead the kind of lifestyle to avoid the risk of rape , including refraining from drinking alcohol and being in controversial company '' . 
  * rear admiral ihor tenyukh , defense minister * ihor tenyukh ( 55 ) -- rear admiral and former commander of the ukrainian navy , tenyukh provoked russian animosity in 2008 when he ordered vessels to block the entrance of the russian navy to the bay of sevastopol during the russia-georgia war . 
  lviv native and member of the nationalist svoboda party . 
  [ armed nationalists patrolling the streets ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq2-l5jrz8s ) [ language law ] ( http://rbth.com/news/2014/02/23/ukraine_abolishes_law_on_languages_of_minorities_including_russian_34486.html ) http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26468720 http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/04/who-governing-ukraine-olexander-turchynov http://www.rferl.org/content/ukraine-whos-who-cabinet/25279592.html stop being such an unwavering shill for the eu , and maybe you will see that the problem in ukraine is larger than just russian interference . 
  it certainly does . 
  ukraine 's nationalist parties were the armed instrument of the overthrow of ukraine 's leadership . 
  they forced a vote , and not even that vote was legitimate . 
  now they 've installed themselves in government , such as the minister of defense and the deputy prime minister , and * now * they 're turning their armed gangs into state-sanctioned police forces . 
  russia solidifying the position it already held in crimea is not at all surprising given the highly unstable nature of the government installed by the maidan . 
  the very first steps taken by the new government were ethnically motivated . 
  svoboda and the right sector are only a few steps away from being able to take even more power in government . 
  and what if france were invaded because front national partisans overthrew the government in an armed and violent rebellion ? 
  svoboda and right sector are at best armed gangs with above average discipline . 
  ukraine has a good enough military to make their integration near enough to ineffective . 
  what right sector is doing is acting as kiev 's police force . 
  the defense minister is also a member of svoboda . 
  these people are dangerous for ukraine . 
  they 've already been the spearhead of an armed coup once , if they 're institutionalized it will be all the easier for them to do it again , particularly if its to `` defend against a russian threat '' . 
  the mental loops some people are jumping through to defend nazis seizing power in a government . 
  also , looks like you can trust itar-tass . 
  funny how the unbiased media you hold in such high regard has n't mentioned the sacking of generals and the establishment of armed nazi gangs as official government forces . 
  unbelievable , especially coming from a citizen of france . 
  all of your high moral standards , high wages , and high standards of living are preserved through the economic exploitation of billions of people . 
  even your supposed gains in environmental preservation are just the result of shifiting the carbon emissions burden to the global south . 
  without the labor of nigerians , chinese , and even ukranians and russians , you 'd be just as poorly off as they . 
  you are far from docile or humanitarian in achieving this slanted economic relationship . 
  the purpose of the european union is to defend and expand the power of the -- in the global context relatively weak -- imperialist states of europe against the united states , japan , as well as against china and russia . 
  it also serves the goals of the european capitalists to create a larger european market for the monopolies and to increase the exploitation of the semi-colonies . 
  therefore it is a thoroughly reactionary alliance that serves the interests of monopoly capital . 
  the eu worsens the situation of people living in their semi-colonial peoples . 
  it affects their national independence and thus a number of bourgeois democratic rights and increases their economic exploitation . 
  the eu is therefore a `` double-imperialist '' alliance : on the one hand , it serves to exploit the semi-colonies in asia , africa and latin america and on the other hand it serves the exploitation and oppression of the semi-colonies which are part of the eu . 
  for the semi-colonial countries , an eu accession is therefore a step towards colonization ; it limits their national independence and subordinates them increasingly more and direct under the imperialist monopolies . 
  one imperialist power against another . 
  whether it is ukraine or algeria that is the victim , it does not matter . 
  the fate of the whole world will be to overthrow imperialists and their reckless pursuit of capital accumulation . 
  where is the end of the appetite of the eu and nato ? 
  a u.s. government website reading like pravda . 
  when will it end ? 
  everybody acts like the eu will be economic paradise compared to russia 's fourth reich . 
  ukraine will just be turned into another economic sacrificial lamb , another greece . 
  another indentured servant to germany et al. 
   no remotely democratic country would freely chose russia over the eu . 
  considering that any country with an economy like ukraine 's has a future in the eu similar to that of greece , spain , romania , or bulgaria , i can think of many reasons to * not * want to join . 
  let us not forget that a major catalyst in the entire affair was an ultimatum delivered by the eu for ukraine to choose all or nothing . 
  it was a prediction that russia would have to spend 10 billion to prop up the rubble . 
  in actuality they only spent 1.5 , not terribly higher than the usual .5 as compared to the predicted 10 . http://www.cbr.ru/eng/hd_base/default.aspx?prtid=valint_day, 
  capitalism was n't successful the first time around , took hundreds of years to gain a foothold after bloody revolutions and peasant massacres ( capitalism was forced on unwilling masses that fought back time after time ) , and it 's still doing a shit job at feeding and housing everybody now that it has unfettered global dominance . 
  what makes you think communism can be proven to be nonviable in one seventy year experiment , that truthfully ended when stalin declared that lenin 's state capitalism * was * communism to preserve his own political power ? 
  you think history supports your statement , but it does n't . 
  how 're those cia blacksites doing ?
