  also , you might want to be doing something about your large prison population and failing healthcare system . 
  while you 're at it , why do n't you stop arming extremists in the middle east and toppling democracies across the globe ? 
  you 've got more important things to be doing than abusing statistics and latching onto misinterpretations of russian laws . 
  the 21st century lies in the east . 
  i wonder how the world will be for you after the developing world becomes strong enough to do something about the past few hundred years of ongoing murderous and exploitative european imperialism . 
  we 'll see how your ideals and standards of living hold up when you no longer have cheap hordes of labor to exploit and weak governments to extract resources from . 
  servitude is servitude , whether you work the fields or the manor . 
  remember what happened the last time little nations were proud of defensive pacts with military powers eager to justify their existence ? 
   but if belarus agrees to that then i really do n't give a fuck as long as they stay on the proper side of the border . 
  i call bullshit on that given your previous apologetics for nato . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  you 're out to win an argument , not come to an understanding of why some people just cant seem to bow to the benevolence of the west . 
  and you know the polish and baltic governments would have an absolute explosion of rage . 
   ignoring dumbest part of that ( mexican invasion of us and coup in canada ? 
  really ? ), 
  replace them with georgia and ukraine , and suddenly it 's not so stupid . 
   yeah , yeah , yeah - you are there only to restore peace , blah , blah , blah . 
  as anybody with sense will say about nato . 
   there would have been no civil war if not for russian funding , the russians did n't overthrow an elected president and establish an illegal government . 
   last time i checked ee countries are independent and do n't owe russia squat , therefore can invite whatever military they choose , be it nigerian or us one . 
  excellent !, 
  then let us put as many nukes as we can in cuba , and create a powerful russian caribbean fleet !, 
  do n't you dare call it an aggressive action , if cuba volunteers then it is merely a peaceful act of cooperation with no intent to intimidate or leverage !, 
  then maybe we will arm mexico and allow it to attack american soldiers on the border . 
  we mean to do nothing but protect our interests and protect good-ole democracy , this is not aggression !, 
  then perhaps we will fund riots and an illegal coup in canada , whereupon they will immediately begin to integrate into the eurasian union !, 
  nato has no right to a sphere of influence , we in russia are the * good guys * that know * best * and everything we do is peaceful and democratic , totally not aggressive . 
  truthfully !, 
  that 's how you sound to me right now . 
   when russia is is performing a crypto-invasion befiore our very eyes makes me think you are actually trolling me now i wonder who 's influence it was that led to an illegal coup in kiev , which in turn led to an outright civil war and the impending economic collapse of a heavily armed nation on russia 's border ? 
  certainly russia did n't spend billions lobbying for this kind of collapse of civil order , but i know you will find plenty of eu and nato involvement . 
   but if anyone in russia thinks it is any of their business then he or she should probably give up thinking altogether since it clearly is n't working for them . 
  then surely you will not mind if belarus accepts a massive joint chinese - russian military base . 
  where 's the aggression in that ? 
  what business is it of yours if a massive foreign army is stationed near your borders ? 
   nato is not expanding eastwards , eastern countries are being pushed into nato 's arms because of russian aggression . 
  we 're not pointing a gun at you , honestly !, 
  the gun just happens to be oriented in your general direction !, 
  how very aggressive of russia to completely vacate eastern europe and enter a 20 year period of military neglect . 
  i suppose you believe that their recent commitments to re-armament have nothing to do with repeated nato expansions and provocations during the very same period !, 
  that any and all protests they may have are due to their evil nature , and not the presence of the world 's most powerful military alliance on their doorstep which has continued to probe always further into its sphere of interests !, 
  nato ultimate good , smash naturally bad russian cave man !, 
   who do you suggest is willing to join them ? 
  whosoever does n't like the idea of `` invited '' american military occupation , the threat of western-bought color revolutions , and german economic domination . 
  i believe a limited conventional conflict between the two is possible , but so absolutely risky that the option is n't really an option . 
  certainly proxy wars are already common place , from serbia to georgia to ukraine . 
  in the soviet union referendum of 1991 78 % of the people voted to maintain the ussr as a nation . 
  it certainly had popular support . 
  other countries of the warsaw pact have generally reserved opinions about whether or not communism was good for their nations . 
  just another excuse for a new warsaw pact . 
  tell us again why it 's not aggressive to maintain a military alliance on russian borders that has ceaselessly made it its prerogative to expand eastwards and `` contain '' russia ? 
  even as soviet troops unconditionally abandoned central europe and russia began a long period of military decline , nato still acted aggressively . 
  every time , from the ussr 's request to join nato at its formation , to russia 's attempts at partnership or suggestions of reformation as an economic alliance , nato has responded with a flat out no , and then proceeded to increase its territorial holdings and state of armament . 
  the least nato should do is be dissolved , then you can talk about peace seriously . 
  otherwise you 're just recreating the system of alliances that led to two world wars . 
  good luck getting american soldiers to leave your country voluntarily once they get their boots in through the door , though . 
  god forbid the consumption of food actually mirror food production , not when our precious prices are on the line !, 
  yes , they obviously managed to cram a btr underneath some bags of rice into a truck too small to hold it . 
  right sector blackmails the illegal government it helps install , and when its demands are met it goes back to fighting in the east . 
  this is insanity , that the eu supports a government which is so intimate with honest to god self-proclaimed nazis . 
  you think you would have learned your lesson with empires , not become even more subservient to them . 
  in ten years time you 'll be embarrassed that you supported the coup in kiev and believed so hard in the lies just to spite russia . 
  time is on our side , it 's no secret who bought and paid for the new government in kiev , and it 's no secret what the history of the u.s. is with its military adventurism . 
  ask the families of the million dead citizens of the philippines if you 're really that naive . 
   guantanamo looks like a tropical paradise simply unbelievable . 
  and people say * my * brain has been rotted by propaganda . 
  they may as well be , considering all the extra-judicial killings taking place therein , their complete vulnerability to the us military with repeated violations of national sovereignty , the existence of cia blacksites ; lets not even start talking about the horrors of guantanamo bay . 
  then after that we can begin talking about the economic warfare the west is so fond of , with the imf and wb hammer and anvil . 
  also , my polish friend , how does it feel , knowing that the cia has used your own nation as host for some of its own evil deeds and notorious black sites ? 
  how long until you have your own massive foreign occupying forces under the guise of `` protection '' ? 
  good luck getting the americans to leave when you let them jam their foot through the door . 
   how in the world is the fact that russia is arming them irrelevant ? 
  because it in no way proves that ukraine destroyed any russian apcs . 
  sending weapons is an entirely different kind of aid than sending soldiers under a flag . 
   and again , nato sg rasmussen has confirmed that russian units have entered ukrainian territory . 
  you did n't react to this . 
  i 'm sure you think this is western propaganda too . 
  recently the sad state of `` truth '' as far as nato and the us consider it is that claims can be made without substantiation ( western journalists accept every claim made by a government official these days without question . 
  why does this not seem odd to you ? 
  ) , and that when proof is to be provided at all , the appropriate avenue for releasing it is such vaunted channels as twitter . 
  excuse me if i chose not to take their claims at face value . 
  i learned my lesson about them after iraq , afghanistan , pakistan , yemen , oman , syria , libya , lebanon , israel , palestine , vietnam , cambodia , cuba , grenada , et al. 
   and please do n't use formulations like `` destruction of a phantom russian armored column '' if you want to be taken seriously . 
  the new world , wherein asking for something to be proven to exist before believing stories about it is a bad thing . 
  do you even comprehend how ridiculous you 're being ? 
  the mental loops you 're going through to support even the smallest claims of a government that has a proven history of lying ? 
  when the separatists destroy ukrainian convoys , they usually have pictures and they 're happy to post them . 
  poroshenko has words , and even his own soldiers are happy to call him a liar . 
   if they cross the ukrainian border they do not operate on russian territory . 
  the only pictures of the column that were taken were taken in russian territory . 
  that 's it , that 's the reality . 
  the facts are that we only * know * they were in russia . 
  and yet here we are in a thread with hundreds of conspiracies and accusations taking at face value the unsubstantiated claim that these apcs entered ukrainian territory . 
   russia is arming the separatists . 
  the fact that this is happening is absolutely unacceptable . 
  irrelevant to the claims being made about the apcs . 
   but the fact that russian weapons , transported by russian military units , cross the border and reach separatists is a crass violation of ukrainian sovereignty and it 's borders . 
  equally irrelevant . 
  where are the pictures ? 
  where are the `` witness reports '' ?
