any russian criticism of the west 's behavior is labelled as an act of hypocritical `` whataboutism '' . 
  your proclamation of hypocrisy is in itself an incredibly hypocritical act . 
  what-aboutism , hm ? 
  what-aboutism , hm ? 
  here 's a real source , unlike the snide-ass remarks of 4ring circus . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5fw4xirm48 http://ukraine-human-rights.org/ukrainian-government-bans-communist-party-and-murders-member/ http://www.pri.org/stories/2014-03-20/members-ukraines-parliament-beat-tv-station-chief-airing-putin this is not uncommon . 
  ukraine 's parliament is a four ring circus . 
  this might have something to do with the running off or outright banning of opposing parties . 
  the * enlightenment * period of europe also coincided with some of its most vicious and evil crimes against nations and cultures across the world . 
  the economic situation in europe today is in many ways the direct result of those practices , and some of them are * still * being used against the global south to this day . 
  you 're not pawns in a conflict between two `` evil empires '' , you * are * an `` evil empire '' . 
  it would take a lot more than statements of independence to change your dependence on exploiting and controlling the global south . 
  too true !, 
  self-selecting and self-reinforcing biases abound here . 
  an opinion piece about russia from a russian , a ( diverse ) perspective lacking here . 
   the number of verifiable false facts in russian media is outrageous the same is true for western media . 
  i can not count how many times they 've parroted some obscure source about a ridiculous claim , ignored new evidence ( remember the odessa massacre ? 
  ) , intentionally obscured the truth by focusing on single photos out of context or clips from videos precisely edited to reverse the actual events , jumped to wild conclusions from positions of no evidence at all , on repetition ad infinitum with no intent or attempts to rectify gross errors in truth and judgment . 
  then to make it even better , they repeatedly throw in pictures of putin or make comparisons to nazi germany in order to establish a clear emotional reaction , by hammering the images into the minds of viewers repeatedly over long periods of time . 
  they 're manufacturing opinion and consent , not reporting objective truths . 
   people with differing views post in western media as well . 
  as if they do n't in russia ? 
  did you not see the massive protests in russian cities ? 
  you do know that not all media is state owned ( nor is that particularly valid as a criticism when you 're more than willing to trust bbc without a second thought ) . 
  the western media falsifies facts every day . 
  it 's an information and propaganda war . 
  germans know it better than most : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsofq7tgtlg#t=12, 
  i 'd say he 'd lose all out . 
  putin 's goal is a stronger russia , and he knows that to do that he needs intelligent people in russia . 
  the rf has over the years put a good deal of money into regaining the nation 's lost momentum in the sciences , and they 've managed to keep up the education rates maintained by the ussr , even if they 've failed to adequately follow through and support the educated populace with adequate funding post-education . 
  if putin wanted to turn russia into his own personal backyard , he would stand to gain from a stupid population . 
  but he 's not kim jong il . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/covert_united_states_foreign_regime_change_actions and that 's just the covert ones . 
  also , comparing russia to nazi germany is historical revisionism at best . 
  do you get off on that , all while president poroshenko , eu dreamchild , spends his days pinning medals to real sefl-proclaimed nazis ? 
  when global economic conditions turn towards se asia , latin america , and africa , they 're going to remember who has been robbing them of resources and interfering in their internal affairs . 
  they 're already assembling a competitor to your world bank and imf to break your power over their financial future . 
  also , for every nation on your list there 's another on the pew listing with an opposite opinion . 
  you somehow have to identify what portion of those leaving russia are of the intelligentsia in order to prove your argument true at all in the first place . 
  a large number of emigrants are those returning to other nations of the cis after coming to russia for economic opportunities . 
  lomonosov moscow state university and the moscow state engineering physics institute and the moscow institute of physics and technology all rank in the top 100 universities of the world for the physical sciences , and lmsu ranks again in the top 100 for engineering and technology . 
  russia is still recovering from the brain drain during the disaster of the west 's favorite man , yeltsin , but it is doing just that , recovering , not declining . 
  the uk experienced more emmigration last year , both in straight numbers and as a percentage of population . 
  russia has one of the most educated populaces in the world . 
  russia also has the second highest number of immigrants in the world . 
  there 's not much of a brain drain . 
  the very same can be said of russia . 
  can you also not conceive of a person having a different opinion than you , of their own free will , without them being payed to write it ? 
  the opposition is n't some crazy conspiracy to undermine your western heaven . 
  i am not a putin-bot . 
  the biggest threat to the west is itself . 
  its behavior in the global south is going to catch up to it . 
  truly , anybody that does n't buy into the western version of propaganda is a complete and utter , salt-of-the-earth , uncivilized untermensch . 
  that 's what you 're really getting at , is n't it ? 
  good , abandon that psuedo-science . 
  read the un report about nato 's role in the georgie war . 
  the holodomor was a combination of natural famines which had been endemic to the region since long before the fall of the tzars and poorly managed resources . 
  the intention necessary to call it a genocide simply was n't there . 
  if you 're going to call the ussr a genocidal state for holodomor , then you must similarly call france genocidal for the famine in vietnam , england genocidal for the famines in ireland , bengal , and india , et al. 
   paid by putin to spread propaganda . 
  i 'll just leave you with this , because you 're obviously too invested in your point of view to bother much else with . 
  you are so well controlled by your nation 's propaganda that you can not imagine anyone disagreeing with your side unless they 're literally being paid to by a conspiracy . 
  that 's how strong of a grip you are under , and you ca n't even see it . 
   because putin is power hungry and seems to think that russia deserves to rule the world . 
  putin does n't care about his own population , he only cares about the oligarchs that actually could stop him . 
  putin is honoring stalin , this would be the same as germany honoring hitler . 
  there 's nothing about this that does n't reek of a propaganda founded opinion . 
  russia is not mobilizing to conquer the world , and is n't interested in anything other than security in its own sphere of influence . 
  russia wants buffer states because europe has a very long and established tradition of invading russia . 
  the russian population has greatly benefited by the policies enacted by putin and his support reflects that , . 
  stalin committed no genocides and started no world wars . 
   russia was growing closer to the west the last two decades , but putin destroyed this all . 
  just putin , all on his lonesome ? 
  european and american politicians had nothing to do with it whatsoever ? 
   why ca n't russia be at the same side as western europe and the us , why ca n't we be allies . 
  you 've constructed an idol out of the west that makes it impossible for you to conceive of why somebody would n't want to emulate them . 
  the west is not an angel . 
  the west collectively has a past just as dirty as any other nation , including russia . 
  the west still perpetuates practices that incite mass violence , unrest , inequality , and exploitation across the world . 
  the west would n't exist in its current state without it 's economic empire spanning the global south . 
  if you wanted to be russia 's ally , you would have disbanded nato the minute the ussr unconditionally evacuated its entire army from the warsaw pact nations . 
  if you wanted to be russias ally , you would n't have used the imf and world bank to bludgeon its economy in the 90s . 
  if you wanted to be russia 's ally you would n't have sent in armies of investors and politicians to pilfer russian industries of their capital , under the guise of guidance via shock therapy . 
  if you wanted to be russia 's ally , you would n't have reneged on a promise to keep nato out of the east . 
  you would n't have armed georgia and inspired it to start a war . 
  you would n't have shunned it politically at the un . 
  being friendly with russia is not the same as being friendly with african nations , you ca n't just come in and rob it of its wealth to strengthen your own standards of living , like you can in nigeria . 
  russia was at least mildly capable of resisting and it knows what it means to play second fiddle to the eu . 
  the 90s showed that . 
  some evidence of propaganda : http://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/2grt7n/quality_control_council_of_german_public_tv/ and some german satire thereof : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsofq7tgtlg#t=12 and just some random discussions ... http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/may/17/west-hidden-propaganda-machine-social-media http://www.telesurtv.net/english/opinion/western-media-propaganda-in-coverage-of-the-israel-palestine-conflict-20140821-0067.html http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2014/05/ukraine-lies-propaganda-west-age-20145384527678726.html i can go to any major news website from the west and pull out ten propaganda pieces , because all news is propagandized . 
  it 's in the language , it 's in the focus they choose , it 's in what they choose to ignore , it 's in what they repeat , it 's in the reliability of their sources ( such as the embarrassing dependence on social media ) , it 's in the ideologies they write from . 
  it is * exactly * the same as it is in russia . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_model http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yellow_journalism about yellow journalism particularly : http://vineyardsaker.blogspot.com/2014/07/the-not-so-subtle-art-of-russophobic.html, 
  please excuse me if i 'm misunderstanding this , but are you saying that russia `` taking over all the tv companies '' ( which it has n't ) is * worse * than collapsing governments , killing heads of state , and conspiring to kill heads of state , repeatedly since the end of wwii ? 
  you 're comparing the * actual * acts of illegal warfare like in iraq , vietnam , korea , et al. 
  , wherein millions of people were killed by american belligerence and eu assistance , favorably to * threatening stances and alleged complete nationalization of television ? 
  * '' you 're right that comparing western states with the rf is ridiculous , but for the opposite reasons you seem to believe . 
  something tells me you have incredibly limited knowledge of the actual state of media in the rf , alongside most other aspects of how the russian state operates . 
  why am i defending russia so much ? 
  because there are two opposing fronts of propaganda at work here , and in / r/europe it 's outright warmongering hatred that is the result of western propaganda .
