  where is any proof whatsoever that goes beyond the 140 character limit twitter posting of a single man ? 
  he does n't even say they cross a border in that . 
  the only substantial proof he has is of russian soldiers * shockingly * operating within russian territory . 
  russia is arming the separatists . 
  they are not incompetent enough to send a marked apc column into ukrainian held territory mere kilometers away from a convoy under heavy international scrutiny . 
  if russia were invading , it would not be subtle , and you would know for certain . 
  poroshenko has made a long list of proven lies about ukrainian military accomplishments , why not add the destruction of a phantom russian armored column to top it off ? 
  he certainly has more to gain from it , because as usual everybody takes even the slightest hint of a rumor from them at face value without a second thought . 
   https://twitter.com/rolandoliphant/status/500278657953591297/photo/1 because apparently apcs with missing wheels are being sent to invade ukraine in small numbers . 
  this is the same government that claims it kills 500 terrorists every day , and that it took the saur-mogila heights and kept them ( before their soldiers had even begun their attack ) . 
  photographs of russian military movement * inside russia * are not proof of russian armored columns entering ukraine . 
  ukraine has everything to gain by claiming they 've destroyed russians in ukraine , russia has nothing to gain by sending them there in such small numbers so openly . 
  there is no proof of their presence other than hearsay and accusations . 
  the most likely situation is that it 's simply a lie . 
  so in other words , all we have for proof is hearsay . 
  of 5000 that were caught in the southern cauldron , only 1000 made it back to the ukrainian army in the breakout following the collapse of the cauldron . 
  saur mogila was never captured . 
  all of the massive advances claimed by kiev a few weeks ago towards donetsk never materialized . 
  now the rebels are repositioning freed soldiers from the cauldron to the front and deploying captured armor and artillery . 
  it 's far from over . 
  all you have to do is listen to interviews from ukrainian soldiers that fought on the front to realize that kiev is lying about how well things are going . 
  it 's a bloody mess and kiev paints it as an impending victory , when they ca n't even train , equip , or coordinate its battalions . 
  eu media and the u.s. state department so strongly want to condemn russia for intentionally shooting down the airliner that they 'd go as far as blaming the factory workers that built the buk in the 80 's at this point . 
  official investigations still have yet to conclude anything , but people 's minds were made up the minute the news hit the air . 
  the eu and the us are more lamenting the fact that they will no longer hold lone sway over the third world labor that they 've been using to build themselves up on . 
  china and to a lesser extent the possibility of the eau , coupled up with a ( marketed as ) non-predatory competitor to the imf and world bank outside of western control is a paradigm shift challenging the core 's dominance over the periphery . 
  this is less a re-division of the world and more an assertion of independence . 
  no , that 's just as bad as believing western media . 
  but the two read in tandem certainly help level out the bullshit . 
  you should try to form a more nuanced opinion by reading reports and news bulletins released from the separatists themselves . 
  they have a voice too . 
  at the very least you 'd learn to hate them for what they really are , instead of as the caricature and boogeyman your media has built them up as . 
  you will find that the situation on the ground is very complex and fluid . 
  these people literally ca n't handle the idea of somebody disagreeing with them . 
  they blame it on propaganda , or being a paid commenter , or me being mentally ill , rather than accept that people disagree with them of their own free will . 
  this subreddit is worse than america was leading up to the iraq war . 
  they believe so strongly that they backed saints in ukraine , and act like reading just their highly partisan news , which has its own history of disgusting lies and apologetics , gives them any real situational awareness . 
  most people here do n't even know that donetsk and lugansk are controlled by two separate separatist groups that merely cooperate , a pretty important detail that blows the idea ofthis being a russian military op out of the water . 
  perhaps you just need to stop taking your own daily dose of propagandas . 
  i suppose you think the entire separatist army is a monolithic entity with a single command structure , made up entirely of russians reporting directly to strelkov who reports directly to putin . 
  i do not know . 
  people blame strelkov , but he commands the dpr , whereas the buk accused of the act was under the command of the lpr . 
  ukranian military jets have been reported to have been in close proximity to mh17 , and civilian radar data collected by the russians confirms that at least one was . 
  people blame direct russian intervention . 
  people blame the ukrainian 's of a false flag , or even of redirecting the plane to use it as a human shield for their fighters . 
  people blame rebels of every sort , without even understanding the current political structure of the various separatist factions . 
  the only evidence which is not outright hearsay is from the russian government . 
  the rest comes from social media and the ukrainian 's own descendant of the kgb . 
  i believe that the truth will come in time , but that in the meanwhile certain parties have been particularly happy to politicize the deaths of civilians , and that the ukrainian military has been taking particular advantage of the media 's shifted focus to intensify indiscriminate artillery and jet attacks on civilian populations . 
  the destruction of mh17 may or may not have been an accident . 
  the opportunism of the media and the military is a deliberate choice . 
  i do . 
  so long as the ukrainian army remains a danger to civilian populations in the east it must be resisted . 
  i also support the russian military when it takes in refugees from the ukrainian military who flee across the border , giving them medical care and the option to return home or stay in russia . 
  will you also declare the american revolution a french plot ? 
  or perhaps you 'll declare spanish catalonia a false revolutionary state because of the large number of foreign fighters that helped it ? 
  there is not a single civil war or revolution to have ever occurred that did not involve sympathetic militants from foreign nations . 
  if the ethnic polish of ukraine started a separatist movement of their own , poles would cross the border of their own free will to help them . 
  american veterans are fighting in syria of their own free will . 
  libya and egypt saw an influx of fighters from across the middle east and africa . 
  notoriously , nazis from sweden and italy are helping the more right-wing sections of ukraine 's own national guard . 
  a small contribution in a large theater of war . 
  the separatists did n't need russian artillery aid to cut off the ukranian troops in the southern cauldron . 
  it 's a civil war , not an invasion . 
  do n't deny 16 million people agency . 
  it 's mostly just europeans and the american media that share your opinion . 
  it must be too much for you propaganda and paranoia riddled brain to handle . 
  i 'll let you cool down , then we can move onto your next line of apologetics for politicizing murder in order to justify more murder . 
  next you 'll be telling me that russian sleeper agents have forced the resignation of kiev 's prime minister . 
  perhaps you will then blame bad weather in poland on the moscow weather control . 
  last i checked it 's the eastern ukrainians that have been dying , not russians . 
  stop denying them agency , they 're making a choice to resist independent of russia and the regime you support is murdering them . 
  i would n't wish that on poles but you 're sub human enough to wish it on donetsk and luhansk because * russian * boogeymen something something vladimir putin something something evil empire !, 
  russia sure as hell is n't killing civilians in eastern ukraine with artillery and jets . 
  ukrainians are though . 
  but your simple mind sees only putin and poland 's paranoia . 
  you 're more than happy to politicize the deaths of innocents when it suits you , and completely ignore them when it is inconvenient to your world view . 
  fuck russia , damn poland to hell , this is about * ukraine * killing its own civilians and using the deaths of innocents to trick paranoid warmongers such as yourself into ignoring them while they kill * more * innocent civilians . 
  but i guess those sorts of civilians are just sub human , undeserving of self determination and apparently incapable of it according to you ; how could they be anything else if they resist the glorious eu puppet state ? 
  but wait , according to you they do n't even exist , they 're all secretly russian military out to steal your freedom , even the dead children and elderly !, 
  because fuck russia , am i right ? 
   you wo n't fool anyone . 
  it 's obvious . 
  you just want war . 
  i could say , as many have been saying about russians , that you poles are a violent , debauched people who would rather see the deaths of thousands of innocents than come to terms with their own insecurities regarding russia and the soviet boogeyman . 
  you 're obviously not bothering to even read what i post . 
  the correct translation was  `` i knew that a buk was coming . . '' not that it had arrived , that it was in transit . 
  followed by the line which was conveniently omitted by reuters ...  he adds a line not included in the reuters quoted excerpt or the rfe/rl translation transcript , `` gde-to nakhoditsya kren ego ne izvestno '' `` located somewhere who the hell knows . '' as in he had knowledge of a buk existing somewhere , no more . 
  the rebels in luhansk do not answer or report to him . 
  if reuters can not even grasp the difference between the russian perfective and imperfective , how can you trust their highly selective interpretation of the interview ? 
  i 'm only questioning the media 's relentless and one sided smear campaign . 
  it is people like you who bring such charged statements as  you want your country to thrive even on expense of others and i do n't because my country is one of those . 
  against me as an individual , when i speak only of * kiev * and the * dpr * . 
   that 's why you will believe it 's `` kiev '' attacking `` self defense '' forces without a questions . 
  who else commands the ukranian military to use artillery and air strikes against civilian population centers ? 
   tell me something what would you think in this hypothetic situation where a region in your country armed by foreign state would declare that it does n't recognize current government and it would broke out . 
  this region would n't even try to recognize democratic will of the people . 
  they would be under propaganda just like you say we in the west are . 
  there would be indeed people who support broke out . 
  although how much you do n't know .
