  what would you do ? 
  do you support military actions that will no doubt harm civilians or not ? 
  and people accuse russians of `` what-about-isms '' . 
  the reality of the situation * now * on the ground in the * real world * is that the government in kiev which was placed into power via an armed uprising is trying to disenfranchise a significant portion of the population it seized power over and disenfranchised from voicing its will . 
  unlike a civilized nation worthy of the eu , it chose to use the army instead of negotiations and accommodations . 
  i try to communicate with people such as yourself because you are on the warpath . 
  you support violence and continue to support it out of paranoia and fear . 
  you 'd rather feel safe under the thumb of nato than allow hundreds of thousands of people self determination , and you 're willing to turn a blind eye to the murder of hundreds to get your way . 
  quoted directly from reuters :  i knew that a buk came from luhansk . 
  at the time i was told that a buk from luhansk was coming under the flag of the lnr , '' he said , referring to the luhansk people 's republic , the main rebel group operating in luhansk , one of two rebel provinces along with donetsk , the province where the crash took place . 
   `` that buk i know about . 
  i heard about it . 
  i think they sent it back . 
  because i found out about it at exactly the moment that i found out that this tragedy had taken place . 
  they probably sent it back in order to remove proof of its presence , '' khodakovsky told reuters on tuesday . 
  not * once * does he mention russia . 
  he mentions the rebels of luhansk being in posession of a buk . 
  he is not a member of that group and states so openly , and continues on to say that he * thinks * they sent it back ( to luhansk , the only party mentioned , not russia as you are more than proud of putting in his mouth ) . 
  the article i linked then goes on to take several issues with the ability of reuter 's staff to accurately translate russian . 
   reuters then released the recording of the interview with khodakovsky in russian , which was published by radio free europe/radio liberty . 
  in it , khodakovsky can be heard to say in russian `` ya znal shto buk shol iz luganska '' which would be more accurately translated as `` i knew that a buk was coming '' in the past imperfect , not past perfect , `` i knew that a buk came , '' as originally translated by reuters . 
   he then said `` v etot moment mne skazali shto iz luganska shol pod flagom lnr v storonu snizhne '' `` at that moment i was told it was coming from lugansk under the flag of the lpr toward snizhne '' . 
  he adds a line not included in the reuters quoted excerpt or the rfe/rl translation transcript , `` gde-to nakhoditsya kren ego ne izvestno '' `` located somewhere who the hell knows . '' then `` ob etom buk ya znal , ya slyshal , '' `` i knew about that buk , i heard about it . '' he then reiterates his point that ukraine had the information in advance , so should have closed the airspace -- which was the context for his reference to the news from lugansk . 
  that reuters did not release a full translation of the interview should make you mistrustful enough . 
  journalism 101 is that a person can be made to say * anything * through paraphrased quotes and strategically placed ellipses . 
  try reading a more nuanced source . 
  http://www.interpretermag.com/russian-backed-separatist-khodakovsky-changes-his-story-to-reuters-or-does-he/  the thrust of khodakovsky 's interview appeared to be to imply that a rival separatist group , the `` lugansk people 's republic '' ( lpr ) , could have possessed buks , and also to pin on the ukrainian military ultimate responsibility for the shoot-down of the malaysian plane , because they claimed to have confirmed the presence of buks in the region , and should have re-routed civilian flights accordingly ...  khodakovsky said his unit had never possessed buks , but they may have been used by rebels from other units . 
   `` the fact is , this is a theatre of military activity occupied by our , let 's say , partners in the rebel movement , with which our cooperation is somewhat conditional , '' he said . 
   `` what resources our partners have , we can not be entirely certain . 
  was there ( a buk ) ? 
  was n't there ? 
  if there was proof that there was , then there can be no question . '' he then went on to make his argument for ukrainian military responsibility . 
  ...  so to incite such an invasion -- an outcome khodakovsky actually says the separatists do not want -- russia and the `` militia '' have to be accused of something awful . 
  he reiterates a common notion of soviet propaganda , that nato and the us only get into wars so that their defense industry can have earn maximum profits while ukraine lies in ruins . 
   if this sounds confusing , contradictory and even crazy , it may very well be intended as such ; after all , khodakovsky is an officer in the sbu , trained by the soviet kgb and then later cooperating ( and infiltrated by ) russian intelligence today . 
  disinformation , sowing confusing , maskirovka or covering up of truths -- these are all part of his job description . 
   the strategy of propagandists in moscow throughout the crisis engendered by the malaysian aircraft shoot-down has been to boldly and wildly throw up different contradictory explanations and make fierce accusations in rapid succession , seeing if one sticks and moving on to another as western skepticism grows . 
  perhaps khodakovsky is using the same methods ...  westerners prefer to see the phenomenon of khodakovsky as explained by him being a `` loose canon '' or even `` going rogue , '' but it 's important to remember that throughout the three months of the conflict , he has remained fighting as leader of vostok and never been pushed out of power , like other leaders such as denis pushilin . 
  he is not on the run now , as far as we know . 
  he 's survived a number of internal political battles as well as real battles , and as of this writing , neither col. strelkov or aleksandr boroday have said anything to confirm or deny his claims or counter-claims to reuters ; they are letting nature take its course . 
  ruvesna ( `` russian spring '' ) is the only pro-separatist outlet to have addressed the issue ; it has asked reuters to publish a tape of the interview and `` if khodakovsky lies , '' will publish this ... 
   even if it were ukrainians we know who 's this conflict 's fault is . 
  last i checked kiev attacked the east , not the other way around . 
  it 's the government the maidan installed that sent in tanks , artillery , and jets . 
  it 's the government of the maidan that formed a militia and instituted a draft to supress the very kind of action which put it into power from happening again . 
  the dpr started out as a mirror to the maidan , with clubs and pistols and all the same methodology . 
  viktor yanukovych used riot police and resigned after a few civilian deaths . 
  the new government unapologetically uses outright military force and is n't even phased by the deaths of 300 + civilians in the last few weeks . 
  indeed , they 're liquidating opposing political parties rather than entertain the idea of negotiations . 
  the dpr only militarized in response to * the very same * government violence that led to the overthrow of the last ukrainian government . 
  or do you buy the propaganda which completely robs them of agency , instead choosing to believe that the east is held hostage by a handful of russians ? 
   and if you still support putin you have to put up with it . 
  i support the dpr . 
  stop robbing them of agency and attributing every act to the master-plan of putin . 
  strelkov does n't even have control over every rebel group in the region , and he 's the one leading the resistance . 
  they act for their own self-preservation in the face of state violence . 
  it 's shocking that the media which has lied to you on hundreds of occasions in the past 15 years to excuse wars and invasions and incarcerations and extraditions of every sort and variety now has such iron faith held in it . 
  it is the modus operandi of these organizations to reinterpret the truth through lies of omission and often simply by outright lying . 
  mh17 was politicized and has continued to be politicized from zero hour onward , relying on such sturdy proof as rumors on social networking sites to take political advantage of 300 civilian deaths before their corpses had even cooled . 
  why does n't this arouse any suspicion in you whatsoever , particularly after all the lessons you should have learned in iraq , afghanistan , pakistan , yemen , egypt , libya , syria , israel , et al ad infinitum ? 
  it was called the dissolution of the ussr , and other than the killing of communist party members in moscow it went rather peacefully as far as coups go . 
  it is in any case irrelevant to the situation as it is * now * . 
  what 's next in your arsenal of apologetics ? 
   they 're not ` shelling their cities ' http://ukraine-human-rights.org/shelling-of-lugansk-and-sievierodonetsk-by-ukrainian-army-on-the-18th-of-july-2014/ call it what you want . 
  they 're deliberately targeting civilians . 
  they may call them terrorists , but they know that the city is n't being held hostage , they know it 's actively resisting . 
  and so they 're attacking the city . 
  and they know that just because they label them terrorists , they 'll have a horde of eu apologists on the internet doing their propaganda dirty work for them . 
  all while you 've been decrying the separatists in every which way for killing civilians by mistake , the people you support have been killing them quite on purpose . 
  the russian state has released only one statement . 
  shall we also count all of the hastily compiled accusations flying out of the mouths of the various '' honest '' western news sources , who suddenly knew without a doubt that putin and russia were to blame , before the corpses of the dead had even had time to cool ? 
  see how quickly they politicized the murder of 300 people , before any supporting evidence had even been presented or certified ? 
  that is a disrespect beyond any other . 
  the most they had were claims of hearsay , vague government claims without actual proof presented , and stern warnings from politicians . 
  the russian ministry of defence has released actual surveillance photos and radar records . 
  everybody . 
  you 're just naive enough to think that you are n't . 
   the culprit is the invader . 
  by all means , nobody asked the ukranian military to start shelling these cities . 
  they 're invited to go home . 
   ukraine is trying to get its country back from these terrorists supported by russia . 
  hook , line , and sinker you 've swallowed propaganda . 
  and now from your mouth spews such wonderful hatred and sewage such as :  by all means this is war , and unfortunately innocent people die in wars . 
   also the way you word is sounds like the ukraine army is specifically targeting the civillian population , which i think is highly unlikely ( especially because there is probably still quite the number of ethnic ukrainians there ) . 
  http://ukraine-human-rights.org/enc/informations/murder/ they disagreed with the coup of the maidan , and made their own , if the maidan is legitimate they are as well . 
  ukraine * attacked them * , with grad rockets , tanks , and jets . 
  the * only fucking alternative * is negotiation , not the shelling of hospitals , schools , and apartment blocks . 
  listen to yourself speak !, 
  snipers kill 80 civilian protestors in kiev , and there 's outrage . 
  the maidan 's military kills hundreds of civilians across the east , and it 's just war ; forget self determination , forget negotiation . 
   you could also argue : why are the rebels submitting the civillians there to more suffering by refusing to give up a losing battle ? 
  because the civilians want nothing to do with the ukranian government any more . 
  refugees are fleeing to russia , not ukraine . 
  the people here bite hard on all too convenient and all too rapid and practiced accusations , without even so much as a photograph of actual evidence , and completely ignore it when the russians provide actual photographic evidence to the contrary . 
  it has me very worried . 
  except you 're using rules in a situation to which they do not apply , probably in order to silence dissent . 
  the composition of paramilitary forces attacking civilian populations is newsworthy , their twitter accounts bragging about their actions are newsworthy . 
  these are not reddit users who are being witch-hunted for their unpopular opinions , these are publicly active political figures committing crimes . 
  all relevant personal information in the liveleak article is newsworthy , it 's an exploration of the european origins of some of the nazis in ukraine 's national guard . 
  why is a dossier on [ these men ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/05/06/article-2621367-1d9d130200000578-702_634x443.jpg ) newsworthy , but not one of eu citizens ?
