  the us cares , but only because ukraine is important for us goals in europe . 
  look at all these comments , trying to discredit me with every zing bang talking point possible . 
  but everybody ignores the ongoing human rights disaster in the east and the corrupt oligarch president elect . 
  no worries though , he pays lip service to the glorious eu paradise , all while putting the association agreement on indefinite hold . 
  how lovely it must be , to live in such a strongly held delusion , that all opposing opinions must be paid instigators sent in by the big bad to upset your evening meal . 
  if you call the election of a corrupt oligarch who was had the same role to play as tymoschenko , yanukovych , and the other corrupt leaders , and the ongoing civil war in the east of ukraine a victory for human rights and democracy , i do n't know what to say . 
  the new president is an oligarch , just like all the rest . 
  he likely bought his way to victory . 
  he has had a hand in destroying the ukranian economy and selling out its people just like yanukovych and tymoschenko and all the rest . 
  meanwhile , civilians in slaviansk are being killed by artillery barrages and airstrikes , and the airport is controlled by right sector militias , as this president attempts to put down another revolution like the maidan that placed him into power . 
  this is not a victory for ukraine . 
  it 's a continuation of the status quo . 
  the beginnings of a civil war are brewing in the east , that is not the mark of a stable , legitimate government . 
  what happened to poland was n't communism , and what 's happening to poland now is terrible in its own ways . 
  you 're still a buffer state , and you 're still an economic colony . 
  as a communist , i see no problem with that . 
  communists have some of the strongest anti capitalist heritages and the most experience with successes and failures in replacing it . 
  remember , this is / r/europe , it 's unacceptable here to call any state propaganda outlet for what it is unless it 's pravda or rt. 
  capitalism is doomed by its own ethics . 
  the sooner it dies the better , it 's killing people , nations , and environments . 
   russia broke that olive branch and should not be trusted , that 's a bunch of revisionist bullshit if i ever saw any . 
  we all know that the slow march of nato into the east was nothing but a big friendly hug , no imperialism whatsoever . 
  from the moment the imf set foot in the east and the west declared a victory , robbed russia of massive capital , installed and colluded with oligarchs and corrupt leaders of every kind imaginable , and tried to force its monolithic neoliberal religion down that nations throat , it was known that western friendship just means subservience to the west . 
  nobody in this subreddit seems to be interested in admitting that there is a play in two directions , instead favoring a massive victimization complex that somehow manages to compare russia poorly to nazi germany , as if the eu has done absolutely nothing that could be regarded as threatening or manipulative . 
  but that should be expected , when two massive empires like the eu and russia come head to head , reason goes out the door . 
   its also not just a case of surplus but logistics as well when distributing food . 
  logistics which in many cases have been outright destroyed by imperialist nations and in all others severely curtailed by wealth extraction . 
  there would n't have been a food crisis in africa if capitalists had n't destroyed its agricultural traditions and government institutions . 
   technological growth can largely be attributed to the free market . 
  technological growth happens in every mode of production . 
  the free market is not and never will be synonymous with capitalism in any case . 
   in the book divided world divided class , zak cope , using real world data , found that the ratio between the value of goods exported from periphery to core and their actual prices in 2009 was 1.4 . 
  given cope 's accounting that imperialist countries spent about $ 7 trillion on imports from third world countries that year , this means that roughly $ 3 trillion of value was transferred from the peripheries to the imperialist countries in 2009 through the undervaluing of goods exported to the imperialist core by the third world . 
   this is n't the only form of unequal exchange in trade . 
  the undervaluing of labor power in the third world also plays into it ( the average ratio of wages between first and third world is roughly 11:1 ) . 
  by comparing the wage-share of exports from periphery to core to the wage-share of exports from core to periphery , we can get an idea of what the prices of exports would be under a hypothetical system of equal exchange and equal wages . 
  by comparing this to the actual situation today , we come to another estimate of value transfer through unequal exchange in trade . 
  using 2009 data , zak cope found that this methodology revealed about $ 5 trillion in value transfer between the third world and imperialist countries . 
  we now have a low-and high-end estimate of unequal exchange in trade . 
   lenin 's theory of imperialism holds that in the age of monopoly capital , giant conglomerates in the centers of capitalism begin exporting capital to other countries in order to engage in super-exploitation of labor in what we today call the `` periphery . '' additionally , we know that imperialist countries engage in predatory lending practices with periphery nations from which the imperialist countries profit . 
  cope calculated that the value transferred from periphery to core in 2009 via capital export and debt peonage amounted to $ 2.6 trillion . 
   all told , a conservative estimate of value transferred from the third world to the imperialist core in 2009 from unequal exchange in trade , capital export , and debt peonage is about $ 6.5 trillion . 
  this is enough to account for more than 95 % of all profits in the imperialist countries that year . 
  indeed , the precision of this figure is not incredibly high . 
  while we should remind ourselves that both miws and zak cope did take great care to ensure that whenever an assumption had to be made it biased the argument against the value transfer thesis , the 95 % number is still a rough estimate . 
  nevertheless , it corroborates well with material reality . 
  anyone can see that there is comparatively little productive labor occurring in imperialist countries . 
  should it surprise us that it seems nearly all of the profit gleaned by capitalist-40 imperialists is being generated where most of the productive labor actually is : in the peripheries ? 
  technology is why billions of people are fed . 
  capitalism is why 100 million die of starvation every decade during the greatest time of food surplus ever experienced . 
  your idea of showing that somebody is wrong is parroting a party line , i 'm not going to play that game . 
  you have a very narrow perspective if you ask that seriously . 
  it 's amazing the mental hoops people will do to support regimes that pay lip service to the eu . 
  they 're not secret . 
  they operate openly , with no attempts to hide who they are ; indeed they openly broadcast who they are . 
  here 's a list . 
  oleksandr sych , vice prime minister and svoboda party member . 
  ihor tenyukh , was appointed ukraine 's minister of defence and is a svoboda party member . 
  ihor oleksandrovych shvaika , minister of agrarian policy and food , is a svoboda party member . 
  andriy mokhnyk , minister of ecology and natural resources of ukraine , is deputy chairman of svoboda . 
  serhiy kvit , minister of education and science . 
  member of the ukrainian far-right ukrainian paramilitary organization the stepan bandera all-ukrainian organization \u2033 tryzub \u2033 , friend of the leader of the right-wing right sector organization which played a significant role in the 2014 ukrainian revolution dmytro yarosh . 
  dmytro yarosh , the head of the nationalist right sector , had been offered a deputy post on the national security & defense council , but has not yet agreed to the terms . 
  unlike cabinet ministers , his post was approved by the interim president . 
  ihor miroshnychenko , who serves as deputy head of the parliament 's committee on freedom of speech and information . 
  miroshnychenko became famous for his critical response to mila kunis who said that she felt to be discriminated while living in chernivtsi and the city is almost a village . 
  on a facebook page he argue that mila kunis is not ukrainian , but rather a jew using a controversial word zhyd . 
  on march 18 , 2014 svoboda party members published a video online of svoboda mps beating acting president of the ukrainian state broadcaster , oleksandr panteleymonov , and trying to force him to sign a resignation letter because he decided to broadcast the crimea ascension to the russian federation ceremony in the kremlin . 
  panteleymonov 's broadcast was characterized in-video as ' `` state treason '' by svoboda mp miroshnychenko . 
  need i go on ? 
  need i describe the ongoing military actions of right sector in eastern ukraine ? 
  who is they ? 
   no-one intelligent or honest really thought the `` nazis '' were rising to power . 
  as for this ...  i do believe yanukovitch left of his own accord , and the parliament remained . 
  i suppose the maidan had nothing to do with it then , and their increasingly violent protest was entirely unrelated . 
  perhaps it was about football ? 
  the entirely unrelated flight of a president from office an establishment of entirely new , unelected political figureheads was entirely coincidental and does n't contradict eu ideals whatsoever . 
  and russia wants a strong ukraine to keep paranoid poland and aggressive nato away from it . 
  see the impasse ? 
  why is everyone so quiet about the status-quo ? 
  capitalism has done more damage to the world than communists could ever have managed . 
  people starve to death in a capitalist world by the tens of millions , but we 're responsible for the actions of right wing dictators in a state capitalist buffer state when the current governments in europe that you continue to elect are n't responsible for their ongiong crimes against the third world ? 
  there is indisputable proof that they had multiple figures installed into parliament , obtained government authorization to form militias which are currently involved in subjugating the east , and took part in the armed overthrow of a democratically elected government . 
  the only people lacking intelligence are those buying the western media 's propaganda hook line and sinker , as if the maidan were a fairytale revolution that could only be opposed by evil evil people . 
  now they 've elected * another * corrupt oligarch into power during war of secession , and all this subreddit is doing is worshipping the government in kiev simply because it pays lip service to western `` ideals '' . 
  who cares that he 's a corrupt oligarch that is just as bad as yanokovych , tymoshenko , and all the rest . 
  he 's a western lapdog , and that 's all that matters . 
  or he is positioning russia well for the impending economic meltdown of ukraine . 
  actual research , instead of being spoonfed western media 's assigned agenda . 
  the pro-ukranian `` militia '' is the armed brute squad of right sector and the rest of the nazi groups which participated in the armed overthrow of ukraine 's government . 
  they attack civilians , burn people alive in buildings , and even assassinate military officers and entire groups of soldiers who refuse to attack civilian centers in ukraine 's east . 
  people lambast rt , but the amount of doublespeak being spewed out by western news sources is unbelievable . 
  calling nazi killing squads militias and separatist fighters terrorists . 
  ridiculous , absolutely . 
  ukranian self defense fighters ? 
  these are armed neo-nazi gangs that are sent to attack ukranian military divisions which refuse to attack civilian centers in the east . 
  try a source that is n't so blatantly propagandized : [ rogozin bans use of russian engines for u.s. launches ; iss participation to cease in 2020 ] ( http://www.parabolicarc.com/2014/05/13/rogozin-bans-russian-engines-launches-iss-participation-cease-2020/ ), 
  until the icc tries france , germany , the u.s , and all the others it should be considered nothing more than a self-congratulatory sham put on in the ongoing propaganda campaign of the west . 
  the eu needs an external focus to keep it distracted from its own internal contradictions . 
  more a message that the eurovision audience is a bunch of children .
