  capitalist apologists are the undisputed masters of historical revisionism . 
  they 've bent the entire historical narrative from the origin of the state to fit their distorted ideology . 
   capitalism is not an ideology . 
  capitalism is indeed an ideology . 
  you just incorporate it into your world view so firmly that you ca n't see it objectively . 
   the opposite of capitalism ... it is in fact , corporatism . 
  this is just proof of that . 
  you can not see capitalism from an objective point of view , so you concoct no-true-scottsmen fantasy terms by which the flaws of capitalism can be excused away as deviations from religious canon . 
   you want to kill off the idea of ownership , and think everything will work out . 
  that is your biggest issue and mistake . 
  private property ownership , yes . 
  personal property is fine and dandy . 
  private property is theft , violence , and exploitation disguised as liberal freedom . 
   nothing is stopping you from creating companies that run exactly the way you want to . 
  nothing except the capitalist ideology that runs the world . 
   just sit farthest down on the ladder but still make the same money as the people on top ? 
  money is a tool of your ideology , i want nothing to do with it . 
  paychecks are your tool of wage slavery , your method of appropriating wealth from those you `` graciously '' employ . 
  naturally you 're only capable of seeing compensation through that ideological lens of capitalism , and would equate communism as `` just capitalism with equal pay for all work '' . 
  but communism completely disposes of that system , it is incompatible with capitalist ways of thought . 
  separate . 
  better than . 
  a step beyond your fuedalism disguised as freedom . 
  that 's just a bunch of ideological excuses for a relationship of exploitation and autocracy . 
  there is nothing you can do that is special , that self-organized workers could not manage themselves with better results for more people . 
  you do n't pay their salaries , you merely allow them access to a portion of the profit of their labor . 
  they pay their own salaries through their labor that sustains your company . 
  you just shave a lot of that money off the top to pad your own pockets and use liberal ideology to excuse your authoritarian exploitation . 
  starting a company with the intent to hire employees in order to get rich off of their labor is not moral . 
  that does not mean you are a bad person , since the ideology of capitalism destroys even the thought of alternatives for those that live under it , but it should not be allowed to continue . 
  you should be seeking business partners , comrades , and equals ; not peons . 
  the modern business institution is highly authoritarian . 
  that a thousand little dictatorships form the cornerstone of modern `` free '' society is absurd in the extreme . 
  give people self-determination and control in the workplace and construct a representative democracy from the ground up , as opposed to relying on outmoded and barbaric command-and-control institutions . 
  why does the western ideology of freedom and democracy and self-determination stop at the work-place ? 
  herein lies the root of all evil in global capitalism : people are alienated from having a meaningful say in the most relevant institutions in their lives : the workplace . 
  all so a few petty individuals can make their wealth off the labor and thought of others . 
  there is absolutely nothing that those french executives do , or any executives across the world do , that can not be done by workers elected by workers . 
  and those workers would do a better job for their coworkers , since they would be elected for the benefit of the cooperative , not the benefit of shareholders and executives . 
  strikes like this would not be necessary , they would instead be elections . 
  beatings would not be necessary , they would instead be debates . 
  this violence is only the first step on the road of escalation that is made necessary by the alienation of workers from meaningful participation and control over their labor and work-place . 
  when no democracy exists in an authoritarian institution , what other recourse exists but to revolt and usurp ? 
  they should and must go further . 
  employees should fire the executives and run the company democratically . 
  everywhere . 
  the french did n't go far enough . 
  which reminds me of a study on forest and grassland health in a part of french africa . 
  the european government was regulating the natives of the region under the assumption that the entire region used to be forested , and the dumb natives were cutting everything down . 
  the truth was that the natives knew what they were doing more than the imperialists , and had created the forests in the first place from empty grassland . 
  since the french prohibited the natives from conducting their business as usual , the forests started to disappear . 
  got ta love historical revisionism . 
  yeah , what are human rights to anybody when there 's money to be made ? 
  all hail the british empire , let 's go kill a few tens of millions more in the name of capitalism . 
  and russia will still get them . 
  france will sell them to egypt , who will then sell to russia in a few years . 
  before she betrayed the people and became an enforcer of imperial hegemony . 
  oh it burns so brightly . 
  the cognitive dissonance burns the air . 
  like an su-34 destroying cia backed isis in syria . 
  last i checked , the ukrainian army was put in and remains in its proper place : far away from bombing civilian centers in the donbass , where people are still free from the illegitimate government installed with american money . 
  1,500 marines and 30 planes wo n't empty russian treasuries . 
  unlike the west , russia can perform military actions without also bringing along an army of contractors and finding a myriad of ways to get stuck in the mud . 
  when the house of saud falls and the dust settles , everybody will remember that it was your precious nato that propped them up . 
  you can call russia evil all you want , but the history is stacked far against the alliance you 've made your bed with . 
  they see you as a tool , nothing else . 
  oh , the house of saud . 
  the vile dictators who massacre weddings , behead journalists , crucify children , fund and arm isis , and rape women for sport when they go on vacation . 
  they just bit off more than they can handle with yemen , and now that the west plays second fiddle to iran/russia/china in the middle east , they probably wo n't last long . 
  but go ahead and support them , it just looks so good on your resume as `` the good guys '' . 
  calls russia a shitty empire , is in bed with the most genocidal conglomerate of empires in human history . 
  being serious , with a 1300 cc moto guzzi engine this bike is probably going to have acceleration that can beat almost every super car on the market , past and future . 
  only a fool believes that any military alliance expands peacefully . 
  nato is the symbol of hegemony and imperial power in the world today . 
  whenever it gets involved in an actual military conflict it creates nothing but humanitarian disasters and replaces regimes with dictators , civil wars , and religious extremists . 
  people can vote on whether or not to join nato , but the politicians are always paid and the propaganda is always flowing . 
  nato has one purpose , to bully . 
  any expansion is made with that goal in mind . 
  the naive feel they can get protection by joining nato , but really they 're just being turned into a buffer-zone chambered for 5.56 \u00d7 45mm . 
  by capitalist states . 
  still , depending on roads and privately owned cars must soon be a thing of the past if there 's any hope of stopping climate change . 
  crimea is a very special case , and it decided its own fate this time around , unlike the 90s when ukraine rejected its self-determination and forced it to stay under their control . 
  but europeans value borders more than people , so why would you care about that ? 
  first it was held by the greeks , romans and byzantines , it was taken over by the mongols , who formed the crimean khanate . 
  it eventually grew weaker , and was taken over semi-peacefully by russia under elizabeth the great . 
  and since it was our best choice of a warm-water port , the empire poured colonists and resources into the peninsula to the point that it 's dominated by ethnic russians . 
  it ended up as part of ukraine courtesy of nikita khrushchev , one of those ukrainian general secretaries of ussr , back when administrative borders without within the union were assigned arbitrarily . 
  these arbitrary borders have caused quite a few wars and incidents of ethnic cleansing after the belovezha agreement of 1991 , when they suddenly became very real and everyone realized how much they differed from demographic realities . 
  some of the people who realized that were in the crimea , which declared independence in 1992 . 
  kiev eventually managed to wrangle them into sweeping the declaration under the rug , so the peninsula existed as an autonomous republic of ukraine . 
  skip to late 2013 . 
  vikor yanukovich , president of ukraine , has continued his predecessors ' course towards eu integration and implicit nato membership . 
  the agreement comes with these terms : no association with russia or the eurasion union . 
  however , just as the moment to sign the agreement approaches , russia makes a competing offer - ukraine gets to join putin 's eurasian union , which happens to be composed primarily of ex-soviet states for obvious reasons , and gets a generous $ 3 billion as a low-interest loan , as well as no restrictions on association with the eu . 
  yanukovich does a u-turn . 
  and this is where the maidan begins . 
  here 's where we need to discuss ukrainian nationalism . 
  the key problem with it is that it , for obvious reasons , it is very anti-russian at its core ; pretty much every time it reared its ugly head was in support of a foreign invasion -- karl xii of sweden , napoleon , austro-hungary , nazi germany . 
  basically , we see them as these guys , and elements of neo-nazism crop up constantly in ukraine 's right-wing movements . 
  this is unsurprising , as the first person to receive a green card from the cia was one mykola lebed , a ukrainian nazi .
