  i find you to not be worth the effort , i generally do n't engage seriously with individuals that call others mass murderers in internet conversations . 
  you might as well be throwing out a `` literally hitler '' . 
  i have n't denied anything . 
  the only one denying anything is you , with your whitewashing and dishonest revisionism . 
  you are no better than an holocaust denier . 
  by actively denying the crimes of capitalism and the inherit evil of it , you are no better than the mass murderers of history and their cohorts . 
  ever hear of the great irish famine ? 
  seeing as how they 've all been ground into dust , turned into fortress kingdoms , or severely restricted by economic warfare by capitalist super powers , is it surprising that none exist ? 
  revolutionary catalonia , bombed into non-existence . 
  indonesia , 1,000,000 communists slaughtered . 
  n. korea , turned into a fortress nation that replaced communism with juche . 
  then there is cuba , still doing the best for its region and historical circumstances despite sustained direct and indirect hostilities from a neighboring super power . 
  china and the ussr experienced growth at levels unparalleled by any nation in history , but were ultimately betrayed by a corrupt political class . 
  capitalism took hundreds of years to establish itself , communism will be no different . 
  ah yes , the great mindset of creating value !, 
  no power plays in mind whatsoever !, 
  * the genocide of the native americans/indians for the sake of land and business , in the name of `` manifest destiny '' ; * the enslavement of black africans and their subsequent distribution across the colonial countries around the world to work in horrific conditions , suffering frequent abuse and torture , also often dying at the workplace ; * the people who , pre-1900 ( roughly ) died due to irresponsibility on behalf of the capitalists during the industrial revolution and their carelessness with workers , many of whom -- men , women and children -- dying due to industrial accidents , living in cramped and horrid conditions ; * the millions in the third world who go without suitable pay , and thus suitable clothing , food , shelter , water -- all * basic necessities of life * -- because corporations perpetually exploit the plant genetic resources and abundance of desperate labour available , many of whom die owing to disease/infection , starvation among other things ; * the thousands upon thousands of people who have died across the years in wars in the middle east , many of which began on false bases but * ironically * ended out with military-protected oil plants , factories , etc. 
  dotted around the countries invaded ; * the thousands and thousands who , even in the uk , die each winter due to fuel poverty , or the failure to supply decent heat to households . 
  most of the victims are the elderly ; * some half a million people in the uk who have to resort to food aid -- a pool that 's ever-expanding . 
  around a million communists were killed in indonesia in the span of about a year . 
  indonesia was the big domino that the us did n't want to fall . 
  it had the third largest communist party in the world at the time . 
  the recent documentary the act of killing is a fascinating peek into the minds of the people who committed these atrocities . 
  south korea had several massacres of communists and communist sympathizers during the korean war . 
  totals are hard to find but the bodo league massacre alone is reported to have resulted in 100,000-200 ,000 deaths . 
  i 'm sick and tired about hearing about the `` evils of communism '' from people who refuse to look past their own nose . 
  perhaps analyze the system you live in and bear in mind that , just because * you * may live comfortably , does n't mean everybody does . 
  there is a class struggle going on already , with or without communist theory to describe it . 
  every single thing you have said could just as easily be applied to capitalists as it could be to communists . 
  strong but empty rhetoric . 
  capitalism in practice is an ideology of death which praises armed subjugation of citizens and embraces the genocide of populaces for their resources . 
  while banning parties or ideologies does go against democratic values , in practice we have to put a stop sign on somewhere . 
  in the case of capitalist parties , because of their violent history and neglect for human rights , it is more than adequate and necessary for the protection of society and human race to prevent them from having power at all . 
  but each of its member states does , and all the powerful ones exercise their militaries in wars of imperialism . 
  the u.s. military was present in hawaii , there was very little about that which was peaceful ; the pretext of its annexation was a bourgeois revolution by foreign white land owners who took power for themselves by force . 
  and let 's not forget the situation in the phillipines . 
  also , the entirety of the american southwest . 
  well in line with the modus operandi of the eu and us across the world . 
  oh i agree , but i also agree that every city in ukraine has a right to self determination in these instances , pro-russian , pro-federalization , or pro-kiev . 
  i also agree that you should be overthrowing your own government for the same reasons , as should most other people . 
  1 ) they bussed in large numbers of right sector thugs . 
  2 ) they then got the local football hooligans ( paid by oligarchs according to some reports ) to begin a nationalist demonstration . 
  3 ) the right sector thugs then joined the hooligans and together they viciously attacked the pro-russian tent city : the tents were torn down and the anti-regime demonstrators viciously beat up to a pulp . 
  the local cops stood by and watched . 
  4 ) the anti-regime demonstrators ran literally for their lives towards the building of unions which had been their normal rallying point at which point they were surrounded and the building set ablaze . 
  5 ) those attempting to leave the building were severely beat up and many murdered . 
  many were shot while standing in the windows to flee from the flames . 
  6 ) the neo-nazis did not let the firefighters through . 
  7 ) with each jumping demonstrator or each person shot in the windows the crowd would scream `` glory to the ukraine !, 
  glory to he heroes ! '', 
  many took souvenir videos . 
  for them , this was a joyful , liberating event . 
  8 ) the ukrainian social networks flooded with joyful messages congratulation the `` heroes '' in odessa and promising more of the same to the accursed moskals . 
  9 ) the western and ukie press reported the events as a `` clash '' with `` casualties '' but with no reference to any one party causing this massacre . 
  10 ) the last fatalities figure was at 46 . 
  but with many dying from smoke inhalation and , especially , burns , it will probably go up . 
  these protestors who were burned to death were acting in response to the illegal replacement of government resulting from the maidan 's actions . 
  there is a very clear lineage of events , and it did not start with people seizing buildings out of a sudden surging love for russia . 
  the maidan used the very same tactics these people were using . 
  you 're in r/europe , one of the most subtly xenophobic subreddits there is . 
  do n't expect any nuanced opinions on ukraine to be upvoted . 
  i have followed the maidan , from its very beginning . 
  when the maidan enlisted armed thugs and forcibly changed the composition of government , things changed . 
  they are well past the stage of peaceful protest and beautiful `` democracy '' . 
  they know how they got into power , and they know that to stop they need to be attacking new movements similar to their what their own was , with military force . 
  remind you much of an ousted president ? 
  it 's the desperate action of a failing government to stamp out the very kinds of protests which put them into power in the first place . 
  they have intimate first hand knowledge of how these things go , so naturally they will try everything to prevent it happening again . 
  if you had gotten rid of nato in the 90 's the `` bear '' would n't have been forced to react in kind . 
  it 's nato that went east . 
  nothing comes close to capitalism 's record . 
  holodomor and the great leap forward have nothing on the 100 million dying every decade of starvation under global capitalism . 
  the soviets did n't start wwii . 
  the soviets did n't colonize the global south ( and the e.u. 
  sure does have a lot to be thankful for , taken from the bloodied backs of those same peoples into the modern day and the forseeable future ) . 
  the soviets did n't topple democratically elected governments and assassinate democratically elected leaders . 
  post communist yugoslavia sure did turn into a capitalist paradise , thanks to our benevolent buddies at nato and the ever present push of capitalist economic hegemony . 
  and how about that massacre in indonesia in the 60 's ? 
  one wonders how much better off the world would be if communist revolutions had succeeded in germany , ireland , spain , and all the other hot spots of 20th century european bloodshed and genocide . 
   russia is actively trying to destabilize ukraine ahead of its upcoming presidential election in an attempt to further its own geopolitical interests . 
  the e.u. 
  and usa did the very same thing . 
  the ukraine situation only fits the idealized e.u. 
  system of values if it is shoehorned in , like fitting the triangle block into the square hole . 
  from manipulating ukraine to abandoning it , it 's easy to see just how much the eu is a thrall to nothing less than the great god of profit . 
  global capitalism , is it not grand ? 
  and the eu is literally christ the savior come to sweep ukraine off its feet into a new golden age , with no blame and no imperialist goals . 
  it 's a shame that 's not your default stance on all media . 
  it 's naive to think that your own is any better . 
  so that russians and ukrainians can scrub toilets in the north and suffer * another * economic ravaging by the imf , with germany joining in for fun . 
  socialists sure have a hell of a fight . 
  not only do we need to stop the working class from fighting itself , we need to reclaim our * own * damned name . 
  where 's the socialism ? 
  where 's the worker 's ownership and collectivization and council formation ? 
  where 's the de-armament and cessation of economic imperialism ? 
  to call themselves socialists ... 
  deutsche bank is still alive and well , so not the last . 
  imf pillages the ex-ussr , round 2 . 
  you do n't even know what communism is , do you ? 
  title v of the ukrainian constitution on the president of ukraine is quite explicit on what is required to remove a president .
