  http://articles.latimes.com/2009/jul/22/opinion/oe-wise22 patrice lumumba of congo : president eisenhower ordered the assassination of the country 's first prime minister in 1960 . 
  cia chief allen dulles sent a cia scientist to congo with a lethal virus . 
  but before the plan could be activated , lumumba was deposed . 
  he was later captured with cia help and killed by rebel forces . 
  salvador allende of chile : president nixon made it clear in 1970 that a cia assassination of the new left-wing president would not be unwelcome . 
  allende was killed in a 1973 coup instigated by the cia . 
  some day soon people from africa and south east asia will be talking about europe like this in retaliation for all the genocides and famines you europeans have visited upon them constantly in the past centuries . 
  it 'll be good to see you eat your words . 
  in the meanwhile , keep talking about declaring war on russia and prove them right that europeans can not be trusted to not invade at least once every century . 
  the eu is involved in a handful of ongoing global conflicts at this very moment . 
  when the eu 's boss the us takes a break from assassinating democratically elected leaders and instigating coups around the world , it goes off and starts new conflicts to send soldiers to . 
  let 's hope romania never ends up like the phillpines . 
  it 's like you people have forgotten what terrorism actually means , and now are just using it as a label for people you do n't like right now . 
  the media repeated it often enough and parroted state departments hard enough to drive it into your skulls that terrorism : any bad guy ever , and that we are in a war against terrorism , so fuck them !, 
  but i guess the blanket term fascist has gotten a bit stale from over-use , i know how important it is for you to cycle through your double-think terms in order to evade * boredom * . 
  it 's typical western behavior . 
  if elections do not mirror their own strict ideological and political-economic goals , they 'll often just assassinate the elected official or topple that government . 
  they 're massive hypocrites and the best defense for their actions they can come up with here is `` what-about-ism '' , which of course they will engage in freely when it suits them ; it 's like a mirror of their democracy . 
  let this be known as the thread wherein castleborkenstein relieved nazi germany of guilt and autonomy for its actions in wwii , because it 's politically convenient to attack russia today . 
   let 's not forget the ethnic cleansing by stalin brought about by starving ukrainian peasants . 
  the only people who call it a manufactured genocide are those who have a clear political bias in their writing . 
  no honest scholar calls the holodomor a genocide . 
  what propaganda comes next ? 
   russia 's atrocities under stalin were equally horrific as hitler 's , ah yes , not only do you not know that russia was only one of 17 soviet republics , you also do not know that much of its leadership was not russian , nor that most of its people were not russian . 
  but it 's politically valuable to demonize russians , so why not ignore historical inconveniences for argumentation 's sake ? 
  why not compare a famine , arising from complex , numerous , and highly diverse factors which included not just major environmental and structural influences but also * demonstrably harmful * actions undertaken by ukrainians with the intent to disrupt production , to the thoroughly documented systematic extermination of entire cultures and populations across large geographic areas . 
  why not equivocate the massive and unapologetic institutionalized massacre of peoples by nazis to a famine ? 
  you 're disgusting , considering what apologetics you engage in in order to score brownie points against separatists in ukraine today . 
  blaming soviets for german aggression ? 
  i suppose stalin is also responsible for the ethnic cleansing of slavs by the german advance as well ? 
  perhaps he was telling hitler to eradicate villages , in order to protect moscow ? 
  let an economist run a science division and they 'll gut it with their pseudo-science . 
  no , they 're just * your * glorified crooks . 
  you do n't need to be a political theorist to realize that hollande is about as socialist as ayn rand was . 
  of course he 's a lying cheat . 
  the german superiority complex never dies , it just evolves . 
  truly though the same can be said for everyone . 
  except maybe canada . 
  i do n't see russians calling for the invasion of germany and the us , to put a stop to regimes that wo n't cease funding and instigating coups in unstable countries . 
  however , i see a worrying number of europeans wishing for a war to remove the russian government . 
  put the hagia sophia without the minarets on the drachma and watch turkey declare war . 
   gathering spices and such has no effect on such matters . 
  if you think that spices are all that imperialism amounted to then it is infact you that has a lot to learn about the history of economics . 
  even to this day the west extracts several trillion dollars in wealth yearly from the developing world , through finance and aggressive manipulation of prices . 
  without third world labor and materials the west would not be able to support its standard of living , at all . 
  it would be another nigeria or brazil . 
  the west did n't pull itself from its own bootstraps . 
  it sent soldiers and navies to take by force the capital it needed to build itself into what it is today . 
  the developing world is playing nice because you still have the military and financial strength , but it 's not russia you should be afraid of in the future , it 's them . 
  they have long memories . 
  but that 's beside the point , you 've already proven yourself to be a disgusting human being , with a superiority complex that has a history grounded firmly in genocide and exploitation . 
   apparently too much of the culture remained , because you 're back to sounding in the next world war . 
  says the person who just spouted the absolutely disgusting line :  there is such a vast disproportion in the contribution of the different peoples of the world regarding progressing the species , i find it ludicrous to limit the european ( + colonists ) to its borders . 
  the very idea of which has been used to justify genocide across the world by europeans on a massive scale for hundreds of years , from wwii to the destruction of native americans to the creation of artificial famines in vietnam and india , the list goes on . 
  you need to do some serious introspection before you start trying to force your own inner demons on the world . 
  i hesitate to compare anyone to a nazi , but that right there is some `` lets create some liebensraum mein fuhrer '' mentality you just spewed . 
   the west has committed crimes , yes - they will be addressed , analysed and dealt with going forward ( as opposed to many other cultures , we do face our failures ) , where 's the french apology for vietnam ? 
  the british apology for india ( and the rest of its empire ) ? 
  where 's the american apology for any wrong it ever did ? 
  you will never find a more self congratulatory bunch of hypocrites in the modern world . 
  they sweep their failures under the rug , and hide it with massive amounts of media praise patting themselves on the back for all civilization 's modern achievements , all while using the other hand to hold guns at everybody else 's heads . 
  never mind the europe got to where it is now by robbing the rest of the world of the wealth of its labor and the resources of its land . 
  where 's the apology for any of that ? 
   we must take responsibility now and attain this goal , your responsibility starts and ends at your borders . 
  the west does not own the world nor does it have any right to dictate how it should be run ; your hypocrisy in your actions across the developing world particularly highlight how western benevolence and responsibility * must be resisted * , at all costs . 
  the list of famines , wars , genocides , coups , revolutions , assassinations , invasions , et al instigated by the civilized west in the past 60 years is longer than my arm . 
  if you think a you 're a good example for the world then the world is fucked , particularly europe when the developing world takes your example of imperialism to heart and starts using * you * for resource extraction and cheap labor !, 
  russia is n't a child , and if you think it 's your responsibility to chide it and remake it in your image then maybe you * should * be scared of it . 
   if we had dismanteled russia after the cccp collapsed , as i recall you tried that in the 90s , an absolutely dreadful period of time that gutted the russian economy and culture . 
  you had your chance then and you showed your true colors then . 
   by their genocidal fiend of a neighbour . 
  and people say russians are ruined by propaganda . 
  at least russians know they 're the subject of massive propaganda efforts . 
  you people are force fed propaganda that is only casually disguised , and yet you scream for all the world to hear about how amazing your media is . 
  more paranoid warmongering is sure to help the situation . 
   feel free to try . 
  notice how neither mexico or canada ( or caribbean countries for that matter ) have not invited russia to set up bases there . 
  dont you find that a bit odd ? 
  do you not understand the concept of a thought exercise ? 
  it was not a serious suggestion , it was an attempt to describe a hypothetical situation which would be similar to russia 's reality for the u.s. . 
  but i guess i 'm just a simple russian barbarian , incapable of nuance or abstracting ideas . 
  in the last one hundred years china and russia , combined , have fought in fewer wars than just * one * nato member , the us . 
  combined they have less powerful militaries . 
  combined they have fewer troops stationed abroad . 
  combined they have toppled fewer democratically elected governments . 
  combined they have created fewer weapons stockpiles world wide . 
  combined they have used less military force in every single metric you could imagine . 
  do n't patronize me with doublespeak like  seem to be the only two countries left that think the way to gain power is to militarily take a chunk of another country . 
  when in the last ten years alone the u.s. has completely destroyed the governments of two nations and set up occupations whilst simultaneously violating the sovereignty of a handful of nations across the globe , in addition to a few attempted coups spread around for good measure and a few successful color revolutions to boot . 
  on the subject of canada , it has not had to deal with invasions by the us , proxy wars waged by the u.s. , propaganda wars waged by the u.s. , economic warfare from the u.s. , et cetera ad infinitum for the past 100 years . 
  canada has always been a close partner to the u.s. 
  the u.s. has n't treated russia as a partner since it invaded with 18 other countries during the revolutions . 
  since then all u.s. policy towards russia has been containment and intimidation . 
  if the u.s. had been interested in partnership with russia they would have made good on promises made in the 90 's which were readily being reciprocated by receptive russian politicians . 
  instead they were more interested in subduing the russian state and establishing it as a subservient colony , not a partner . 
  they are reaping exactly what they are sowing . 
  what a sad caricature you 've bought into . 
  of course , it 's easier to make a nation of people buy into propaganda when you provide them with an exterior other to focus their judgements on . 
  how 's guantanamo bay doing , by the way ? 
  i 've hear that ferguson is just lovely this time of year , and when you get tired of that there 's always the mississippi river delta .
