  most people did n't know until the trains and subways in vienna got new announcements 3 years ago . 
  is n't this ... stupid ? 
  or are bokmal and nynorks more or less interchangeable and so close to each other that it literally does n't matter at all ? 
  why stick to both at all and not just decide on one ? 
  why are there two norwegian languages anyway ? 
  nynorsk is the prefered language these days because bokmal is a remnant from the filthy danes ? 
  ( that 's just my guess ), 
  germany kek, 
  `` an ta neza einai oyeikh , ta keoaaaia ti einai '' ... that 's what i read . 
  makes perfectly sense , does it ? 
  irish got relations to the portugues language ? 
  or how do i interpret this lexical distance dotted line ? 
  welsh to english : makes sense , breton to french : makes sense , irish to portuguese though ? 
  $ : seems that the figure is slightly off ... that line [ should connect galician , not portuguese ] ( https://alternativetransport.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/lexical-distance-among-the-languages-of-europe-2-1-mid-size.png ) . 
  which makes much more sense . 
  austrians are generally geographic illiterates , you 're not the only one . 
  most ppl do n't even know salzburg shares a border with italy . 
  ireland does n't count ... they got their gold-asses from the us that drown them with untaxed money ( google , apple , facebook , linkedin , dell , intel , ... ) . 
  awesome !, 
  or how we 'd call it : porn\u00f6s !, 
  and yes , there is a town called [ fucking ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fucking,_austria ) . 
  people love it , it 's awesome , best town in the world . 
  btw they are brewing also their own beer since 2011 called [ fucking hell ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fucking_hell ) ( hell is a traditional pale lager ) . 
  forgot the a. . . fml, 
  what are they protesting against ? 
  berlin is a shithole to be honest . 
  sure , there are quite some `` hip '' neighbourhoods , but the rest is a damn ugly snoozefest . 
  love you scotland and your savoury pudding containing sheep 's pluck !, 
  you are most welcome to bleed with us now !, 
  nazi gold ! ^ aaaaand ^ it 's ^ godwin 's ^ law ^ all ^ over ^ again ... damn !, 
  ever heard of weather anomalies ? 
  compared to what there is in the alps , i 'd say a kindergarden . 
  you ... [ we still hate you ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/fu%c3%9fballl%c3%a4nderspiel_f%c3%a4r%c3%b6er_%e2%80%93_%c3%96sterreich_1990 ) . 
  you deserve no snow and no joy in your lives !, 
  `` ski resorts '', 
  you 're totally wrong . 
  danish girls are just too hot , no way water can accumulate in its solid phase . 
  you know nothing ... whenever i do , i watch some got s1-4 . 
  i 've been to napoli last may ... the traffic there is literally one of the worst i 've ever experienced in europe - adding snow to that sounds like `` gg no re '' . 
   how about we prioritize the interests of europeans over of migrants that 's what we try to do , but real asylum seekers have every right to be here . 
  my sister works at the ministry and is responsible for assassing and evaluating the actual status of the applicants by doing interviews and screening their documents ( if available at all ) . 
  if there is legitimately a reason that asylum should be granted , they do . 
  but in most cases , applicants receive a negative decision . 
  when they are coming from countries not officially at war ( libya , afghanistan , ... ) . 
  most eu countries do their homework , the problem is , those foreign countries do n't sign repatriation agreements - thus we are left alone with those people that were declined for asylum . 
  and it is mostly those people that cause trouble . 
  so very well done germany with this idea to cut down development aid towards those countries . 
  well ... erdogan got legitimately elected - no way to get rid of him ( this coup was pretty much fake and ordered by himself to further strengthen his influence and get rid of his political enemies - this was pretty obvious ) . 
  also , the majority of the turkish people is against the eu . 
  bribing erdogan was a solution noone liked , but desperate times require desperate approaches . 
  as long as the eu ca n't agree on a common migration strategy , there is not much we can do about it . 
  this is unfortunately a very sad lose-lose situation . 
  you seem to be very young ... i still have * very * fresh memories of the [ yugoslav wars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslav_wars ) , but whatever . 
  i 'm just happy croatia and slovenia are already in the eu - this region is ethnically still a powder keg . 
  culturally probably not , but istanbul can easily be any european city ... young folks there are quite liberal/secular . 
  the rest not so much - and thx to erdoprick it 's not getting better either . 
  and austrian basements !, 
  yeah , leave those cheap low skilled jobs with shitty salary to the brits , they 'd gladly take'em !, 
  loo attendants for aaaaall !, 
  you seem a `` bit '' paranoid ... no point in arguing with you . 
  have a nice evening and life . 
  wow europe stretches really far into east ... did n't even know europe shares a common border with mongolia or north korea !, 
  this is correct , but i give so little fuck i do n't even give a fuck about grammar and spelling anymore . 
  it 's really that bad . 
   empires last about 250 years not the german reich huehuehuehuehuehue, 
  go away finland , noone likes those overachievers !, 
  i give a fuck about the uk tbh , do n't even bother with downvoting anymore . 
  just enjoying the show and how uk goes down the drain . 
  this map is not very accurate . 
  not all of gaul was occupied by the roman empire , the little armorican village that held out is clearly missing . 
  you can not into english, 
  spoken like a true poet !, 
  you are so wrong . 
  europeans are now living in a 70-year period of peace , longer than any other in all written history -- more than two thousand years . 
  look it up if you do n't believe me . 
  bullshit nationalists are seriously threatening that peace by adding fuel to the fire wherever they can . 
  you really want the eu to be gone and thus the greatest peace project on european soil ever ? 
  what do you want ? 
  are you unhappy ? 
  then i highly recommend going to asia , south america , africa , ... and see how people live there . 
  that certainly puts you in awe and lets you appreciate what we have here in europe . 
  their younger history ? 
  look where austria was after ww2 , we managed to get out of shit in a world where globalization was n't a thing yet . 
  however romania after the communism could go rekt ... no country in the world can cope with the global market on its own . 
  imho the thing romania had to learn first ( which took a long and windy road ... ) was to take on administrative structures that do n't purely revolve around corruption . 
  i think this was the biggest gift the eu gave the romanian people . 
   `` ppl are too stupid to know what 's best for them so let 's let politicians decide that instead '' no no , do n't understand me wrong . 
  ppl know exactly what they want , the problem is , they want what populist parties make them to think they want because they create a sphere of hate and fear which is lacking any basis . 
  politicians are there to make politics based on reason , and that 's good . 
  it 's not always the majority that thinks is best for all people . 
  think about what would happen if people demand something immoral because populists make them think that 's right ( e.g. 
  reintroduction of the death penalty as was discussed in austria half a year ago because right wing presidential candidate found it 's perfectly fine to give this decision to the people if they really want to have it ) . 
  no , just no . 
  also look at the statistics , who 's mainly voting for right wing parties ? 
  in relation to other parties : badly educataed people for the biggest part ( that 's a fact , no bullshit ) . 
  how can you expect from such people to distinguish between the pros and cons of something ridiculously complex such as the eu ? 
  you really want to give that power to populists that give a shit about the wellbeing of people but rather care only for their own seizure of power ? 
  oh please ... 
  i 'm not a fan of such referendums because , let 's say how it is , people have no fuckin ' clue about things that complex . 
  such decisions should n't be put in the hands of those that are clueless , therefore i 'm in favor of a political style based on reason , rather than emotions .
