  people have the power to vote all the right parties out there into the eu parliament and associated positions ... if this is the will of the people , this will happen ultimately . 
  so yes , you are eligible to do whatever you want ... noone hinders you voting for those parties that will ultimately make decisions on a eu level . 
  or how do you think those people responsible for decision making are in their respective position ? 
  they are all member of a certain party or used to be in a certain party . 
  vote for vlaams belang , lega nord , pvv , front national , fp\u00d6 , jobbik , golden dawn and god knows what else ... if those have a majority , you can leave the eu . 
  until then you have to accept , that there is n't a majority in the eu that is in favor of an exit - but you have all the power to change that together with your right wing friends . 
  just vote if you feel like it , because you can !, 
   norway regarding leaving the european union so norway is part of the eu now ? 
  appart from that : yes , you are perfectly eligible to do whatever you want . 
  you want to vote for right wing parties because they think it 's a good idea to go back to small scaled nationalisms and leave eu ? 
  go ahead , noone will hinder you . 
  you ca n't say from a single picture that it is not busy . 
  also , it is a [ well known phenomenon by now , that more roads lead to even more traffic instead of causing less congestion ] ( http://www.citymetric.com/transport/does-building-more-roads-create-more-traffic-934 ) . 
  maybe the city planners of wherever this was in romania were n't aware of this , but that 's what the eu also stands for : transfer of knowledge . 
  let the cohesion policy do its work , in 20 years we are all on the same level of knowledge and things are much more efficient than they used to be before . 
  then go and vote geert wilders who spreads lies , fear and hate and who causes an overall feeling of negativity among the citizens . 
  is that so difficult to grasp ? 
  that 's the eu , the best place in the world to be and the perfect place to actually live democracy . 
  the eu and its citizens are strong enough to outlast this crisis . 
  that 's the cool thing : you are perfectly eligible to do whatever the fuck you want !, 
   forests are cut by an austrian company like the is no tomorrow funny story : we used to have a phd student from romania in our department in vienna who did research on the consequences of deforestation in bacau district and its related hazards ( such as erosion or landsliding ) . 
  hey , that 's the eu , comrade !, 
  we take , we give !, 
  that was a joke man , i 'm glad the polish folks saved our arse in the [ battle of vienna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_vienna ) . 
  all hail king of poland , john iii sobieski !, 
  oh ... and sorry for invading you , did n't mean to !, 
  that 's so cool !, 
  i love the eu and i wish it was even more of a ` united states of europe ' , but i wish that all languages , no matter how small they are , are preserved . 
  everyone in the eu knows how to speak english thanks to school , so let 's keep all languages alive , without any nationalistic bullshit !, 
   beauty of european economic cooperation i was referring to that ... no european economic cooperation , no austrian banks in eastern europe , no fucked up domestic economy . 
  but that 's how the eu works - stronger together . 
  if one succeeds , all profit . 
  if one fucks up , all suffer the same . 
  that 's fine , still better than acting with a tiny domestic economy on the global market . 
  gl & hf gb , wo n't be missed !, 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  what most people do n't know is that austrian banks have the largest share among foreign banks in eastern europe ( raiffeisenbank , bank austria , erste bank , volksbank , ... ) . 
  however , after the last economic crash 10 years ago , our economy got badly fucked up and we have n't recovered from that until today . 
  by saying that i have to acknowledge , that taking great risks might lead to great rewards - it could have been the other way round too . 
  here a [ great article ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000029268423/das-goldene-ostgeschaeft-der-banken ) on the involvment of austrian banks in eastern europe ( unfortunately in german only ) . 
  :o til ... nice bit of info , i so gon na be the star at the next party !, 
  in 2012 , kyrgyzstan already got rid of their visa for eu citizens . 
  are young people really casually spaking irish ? 
  this reads ( and probably sounds ) like elvish . 
  i can totally imagine galadriel talkin ' in this language , would n't make any difference . 
  plot twist : it was stolen and the thief forgot to turn off the camera . 
  there go my taxes ... but i 'm ok with it . 
  long live the eu , long live the cohesion policy . 
  everyone should have a good life , not just us spoiled westerners . 
  sounds like polish people are pretty much all crybabies ... * wuaaaaaa everyone invadez us ... noone likez us wuaaaaaa * * drinks vodka *, 
  they have other problems atm, 
  that 's comparing the brazilian football team to liechtenstein and luxemburg ... 
  haters gon na hate , skaters gon na skate #thuglife, 
  who the fuck is andre rieu ? 
  i 'm surprised to find reddit to be rather left wing oriented according to this topic ... i. . . love you !, 
  let me laugh for you in russian :, 
  that 's not what i say , that 's what i was reading everywhere when i was there . 
  yeah they also removed the victor orban thread ... pathetic !, 
  and south tyrol is part of italy only for a few decades ... so it 's ok for them to be an autonomous region , since most of the ppl there are culturally austrians , not italians . 
  all folks from south tyrol i know in vienna speak far better german than italian ( it 's their mother tongue actually ... and they are around 30ish ) . 
  sorry :-( at least we tried . 
  does this count ? 
  i was there once ... everywhere graffiti saying `` s\u00fcdtirol ist nicht italien '' ( south tyrol is not italy ), 
  i approve * laughs ~ ~ diabolically ~ ~ *, 
  ok ... i 'll make it happen . 
  i 'll bring austria onto that list next year . 
  here , hold my beer . 
  j/k gtfo , better get me another one !, 
  source ? 
  that does n't seem to be accurate in so many places ... 
   many asshole though ( personal experience ) . 
  `` the plural of anecdote is n't data '', 
  many existed way before the self proclaimed ` greatest country on earth ' was even discovered ( by our folks ofc ) . 
  nice !, 
  as someone who ... shit ... i have a boring life . 
  i love vienna < 3, 
  invisible walls ... the cancer of my life . 
  wtf why should size matter ? 
  frankfurt airport is one of the main airport hubs in the eu too o0 also brussels hosts a lot of eu institutions , vienna hosts the un and the opec , ... size does n't matter at all ( except in bed maybe ) . 
  wishful thinking bro . 
  erm frankfurt is already a hub and prices for property are already rising quite significantly . 
  they do notice the increased demand from brexit quitters . 
  lots of italians cross the border for refueling . 
  just felt this needed to be specified . 
  just giving credit to the part of the uk the eu likes the most . 
  [ scottish to be precise . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-40416025 ), 
   it would be hard to pay your `` neighbour '' for fixing your car or building your swimmingpool or renovate your flat not an issue anymore in a cashless society . 
  [ there are many direct money transfer apps available by now . 
  ] ( https://www.cnet.com/how-to/square-vs-venmo-vs-google-wallet-vs-paypal/ ) this is a very oldfashioned view . 
  i owe you 20 euro ? 
  i could immediately transfer those to you with my mobile app . 
  this is not surprising since austria loves cash and sweden loves to pay cashless . 
  people would go on the streets if they 'd take away cash payment from our people . 
  many folks are afraid of a total surveillance society , thus refuse the rise of plastic money . 
  withdrawing money with a bank card from one bank at another bank 's atm is free . 
  there were plans last year to introduce fees from withdrawing from another bank 's machines but the uproar was so immense , politicians stopped these plans immediately . 
  they have really shiny persoanlitits, 
  iraq , syria and jordan seem to be the best places to be , given the highest population gain on this map . 
  anyone wants to have a blast with me there ?
