[ this was fun ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-lsvqiw_1gla/ukspsmzibyi/aaaaaaaabaa/mfnnetypiwy/stephen-colbert-popcorn.jpg ), 
   i 'm basically spending my mid 20s just bouncing from country to country you just described my dream life once i get out of uni . 
  cool !, 
  i hope you 're happy there . 
  i was n't sure if you were just putting letters together so i had to googe it . 
  it 's all right bro  i tend to agree with you on living there , as i do n't think i 'd want to live in the us in general , unless i had a lot of money . 
  where did you move to ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking . 
  to be fair , if you 're gon na do olympics in norway , doing it away from the general oslo / \u00d8stlandet area is lunacy . 
  practically all the people live there , and its the only part of the country that even begins to have any part of the infrastructure needed for the games . 
  the troms\u00f8 bid was insane . 
  greenland olympics confirmed . 
   they actually listened to what the people had to say and refused to do it . 
  for the record , there was a referendum in oslo last year on whether or not we wanted the olympics , and it passed . 
  ( i voted no ) . 
  i do the same thing . 
  my family and friends looked at me like i was a raving lunatic for not following the sochi olympics or the world cup in bazil . 
   but the drive really is bad . 
  i 've made the trip from san fran to well over a dozen times ( i went to uni in the north , and my parents live down south ) . 
  at 10ish hours , it is really draining , and not something i ever want to do again . 
  i can imagine that if you 're doing it purely to get from point a to point b , its pretty boring . 
  but i thoroughly enjoyed the ride when i did it , and would love to do it again ( preferably with even more stops than last time ! ) . 
  granted , the scenic route along highway 1 was a lot more interesting than the ride back up on the inland route . 
  ca n't speak to living there , as i thought we were talking about tourists . 
   plus everyone wants to go to california for some reason . 
  cause it 's a fucking awesome place man  laid back people , amazing mexican food , cool cities , nice nature and practically legal weed . 
  what 's not to love ? 
  and the drive is not so bad , i just did it a few weeks ago . 
  ( was actually one of my favourite parts of the trip , highway 1 was stunning ), 
  i 'm sure there 's room for a milkman somewhere in there too . 
  i believe in you . 
  statements like that coming from germans usually trigger alarm bells . 
  i thought you guys only drank vodka . 
  i was n't riding on a high horse , i was just genuinely under the impression that we did n't prosecute people in norway for expressing un-pc opinions , now that i 'm aware , i think its just as ridiculous and autocratic to do it in norway as it is to do it in germany . 
  i have no illusions about my country somehow being better than others , and i 'm probably the least nationalistic person you 'll interact with today . 
  suck it , sweden , we win . 
  as is your right . 
  but its still an incredibly stupid comment to post on a forum intended for discussion if you absolutely did n't want a discussion about said opinion . 
  i guess i do n't . 
  like i said , that story was news to me , and i find it incredibly disappointing . 
  and if you were n't looking to start a discussion about the validity of censorship laws , then maybe you should n't have posted your original comment in the first place . 
  in an educated and modern society , you want them to reach a broader audience . 
  their own ideology discredits them to the point that we do n't have to do anything but let them speak for themselves . 
  by outlawing them you make them taboo , exotic and exciting to idiots and angry teens . 
  clearly that guy is an asshole , and i was n't aware of his story , but i do believe that arresting him is a violation of his rights to be said asshole . 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but as far as i know , yes . 
  and i 'm glad i live in a free enough society that that 's the case . 
  most people here seem to think its some sort of active consideration for not wanting to be labelled a racist . 
  but honestly , its more likely that most people just do n't care enough to get that mad about it . 
  i know that 's the camp i fall into . 
  terrorist group and political movement are not mutually exclusive classifications . 
  the only thing you accomplish by making it illegal is driving them underground and fostering the ideology . 
  the surest and easiest way to defeat moronic racists is letting them come out of the woodworks and discredit themselves just by talking about their ideas . 
  you can walk around with a nazi flag in norway just fine . 
  it 's not illegal , and it should n't be . 
  yeah i think you 're right , the unreliability of it alone must put it well below funding from rich islamists and smuggling drugs across the sahara . 
   oh , and happy cakeday btw !, 
  thanks !, 
  i agree . 
  it would be interesting to see some sort of analysis of terrorist funding though to see how much ransom of westerners matter in comparison to for example the drug trade in central africa and other revenue sources . 
   france included , unfortunately is it really that unfortunate ? 
  i guess you can make the argument that paying the ransoms emboldens them to take more hostages , but would n't the alternative be that they just kill the people they would otherwise hold for ransom ? 
  i know i would like my government to bail me out if i was ever in that situation , that 's for sure . 
  since this is a picture of norway , and about 99 % of the electricity here is produced from hydropower , i think we 'll be okay . 
   electricity factories you mean a power plant ? 
  not anymore , at least not in oslo . 
  he 's calling you gullible . 
  no it is n't . 
  the uk is not in schengen . 
  there is , but it wo n't happen for quite some time . 
  so only those who can serve in the armed forces should be given the right to vote ? 
  yeah that sounds like a swell system ... 
  the voting blocs that made up the two parties has basically entirely flipped around since then though . 
  the modern gop is the spiritual successor to the pre-1960 's democratic party . 
  this makes me want to visit . 
   7:35:69 train leaves , amazingly on time . 
  to hogwarts , i presume ? 
  patriotism is bullshit anyway , so good for you guys . 
  but if someone said `` southern scotland '' it would n't be referring to sutherland . 
  when someone says `` southern norway '' it 's vest-agder and aust-agder . 
  the oslo region for instance ( the densest one ) is in `` eastern norway '' . 
  what 's `` the south '' in any given country is fairly arbitrary/not entirely connected to pure geography , kinda like how new mexico is n't in `` the south '' despite being further south than virginia . 
  in norway `` the south '' is [ this region ] ( https://no.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%b8rlandet ) , so no , not where everyone lives . 
  edit : and yes , it 's traditionally referred to as norway 's bible belt , so it fits . 
  fair point , but it would no longer be * full * of them . 
  thanks , teal ` c. 
  unless its canada , where the south is where practically * everyone * lives . 
  or people like me who spent their childhood glued to american television/movies and video games . 
  `` east sweden '', 
  the false equivalency alarm is ringing again . 
  neither is south ossetia or abkhazia , does n't stop russia from activley supporting them . 
  but the west does n't carry out operations to support the other rebels against assad . 
  their support is entirely directed at helping sdf fight isis . 
  unlike russia who barely targets isis at all . 
  the same could be said for the west . 
  they 're aiding their ally rojava/sdf . 
  none of the countries you mentioned have been annexed , and in one of them ( syria ) russia is just as active as the west . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  to me it reeks of the attitude that the only value human beings have is their productivity . 
  the development of a separate dutch identity started in the 1400 's when they were under the rule of burgundy , and was certainly a thing by the period this map depicts .
