if anyone wants to hire me and reduce that figure ... * wink wink *, 
  the boogeyman of the alt right . 
  i love it . 
  it 's my favourite insult by far . 
  it 's one of [ these ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_united_kingdom ), 
  charles dance, 
  cut down on my carbon footprint . 
  bit of a weird one , but i do n't feel i 'm green enough . 
  hot fuzz, 
  he 's saying spanish troops left iraq because of public feeling rather than because of the bombings . 
  loose women vs mad men is a showdown i really want to see ... 
  and sitting on the tail of the car in front ... 
  france . 
  need i say more ? 
  in soviet russia joke insert you ? 
  been in since day 1 . 
  hehe . 
  scouse is an accent from liverpool/merseyside . 
  it 's quite bizarre . 
  scouse . 
  he was an interesting person . 
  i 've never been to cuba so i ca n't comment on it 's direction/way of life . 
  however what i will say is i do n't understand the fanatical hatred for him from the us and i 'm aghast at how smug americans are about their government openly trying to assassinate him . 
  from a country that champions itself as the beacon of human rights and democracy , it seems a bit off that they 'd try to kill him but supported someone like pinochet . 
  edit : yes i know he was a communist and that goes against america 's political leanings . 
  massively enjoyed the witcher trilogy . 
  also enjoying elite dangerous and the new gears at the moment . 
  yeah you raise good cases but like trumpet said i did n't include them because they were outside the 10 year range . 
  the death of [ ian tomlinson ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/death_of_ian_tomlinson ) is the biggest scandal i 'm aware of . 
  basically a newspaper vendor was in the wrong place at the wrong time and was hit from behind with a baton , shortly after that he collapsed and died from blunt force trauma injuries . 
  after an initial cover up that ian had suffered from a heart attack , the police officer was charged but received light punishment . 
  stockholm , have a friend out there who 's great , 
  i own one car which is currently poorly . 
  if she does not get better i will try to move to an electric car . 
  a chav is a bogan . 
  i 'd drive it . 
  but he 's a londoner ? 
  wales gives up being different . 
  not economy , the australian economy is smaller than the british one , but wage wise they 'd get a better deal . 
  the nhs is the government run healthcare system in the uk which provides free healthcare for all citizens and is paid for through taxes . 
  it 's a great system but unfortunately due to ` austerity ' it is being underfunded . 
  maybe . 
  sorry i just wanted to be a combo breaker . 
  `` do you know the queen ? '', 
  yeah sure mate , went round last night for a quick cuppa and a crumpet . 
  after that i played a cheeky game of cricket with me lads phillip an ` arry . 
  wales . 
  because look at it . 
  bit of a twat . 
  chats some shit and then goes hide in america with that wig wearing fellow . 
  visited new york as part of a trip last october , could n't stand it haha . 
  massively overrated , dirty both on the streets and in the air and massively overcrowded . 
  dc and philly were much better in my opinion . 
  uhhh judge [ dredd !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rvfi6qkphe&amp;ab_channel=wakeupdead777 ), 
  i kept reading this as leopard 2 , as in the tank . 
  and i got all confused . 
  and proximity to russia ... 
  during the english civil war , the royalist forces , forced to fight after a series of retreats , suffered a catastrophic defeat near the village of naseby , northamptonshire . 
  after the battle , the royalist forces never again fielded a quality army and the war was lost within the year , thus establishing for a short while , the republic of england . 
  also apparently george washington 's ancestors lived in northamptonshire . 
  i ca n't really find much about it though . 
  nope never happened . 
  we won . 
  you 've kind of hit the nail on the head , the uk is quite a conservative country , the bbc and guardian are quickly labelled left wing and therefore are not taken seriously/respected . 
  furthermore the daily mail , sun and star have a consumer base that want more than just news in their paper , they like gossip , strong opinion pieces and simplistic storytelling and these papers cater to this . 
  i do n't watch itv enough to have an opinion . 
  how dare thee !, 
  the same way i feel about all muslims . 
  i have no strong feelings one way or the other . 
  but the crookedness helps the tea drinking though ... 
  marmite . 
  it 's bloody beautiful . 
  there 's quite a bit of anti-american sentiment in the older age group i 've noticed . 
  mostly to do with ww2 and the media it generates i.e. 
  america is the great super hero of ww2 and the british and russians kind of did n't do anything noteworthy . 
  always remember your first mate . 
  can of strongbow . 
  10 years later it still tastes like piss . 
  less than 12 parsecs . 
  penny droppers ... 
  yeah i agree , it 's not bad though . 
  sorry yeah thats what i meant , they were receiving on average # 60 million a year from the eu and want westminster to continue it . 
  i 'm not convinced it will . 
  it 's not just wales , cornwall also wants protection for its eu regional funds when they also supported leave ... 
  i 've just finished watching se7en for the first time . 
  my future is now uncertain . 
  rugby is up there . 
  there 's a tournament called 6 nations which has 6 european nations in it . 
  i guess it would be the british empire . 
  starting in the 1500 's and only ending as recently as 1997 or the 1950 's , depending on who you ask . 
  the countryside and the food . 
  basically because i want more opportunities not less . 
  kebab or pizza . 
  right in the feels ... 
  i think he ca n't believe its being asked . 
  be aware i am a brit . 
  the whole situation has a been a shit show from the start . 
  the vote stay camp do n't really seem to present much argument for staying at all . 
  the vote leave camp though ?
