  you know that policy is n't in france 's favor ? 
  there was n't a lot of migrants coming to france on their own . 
  really subtle here . 
  weither the brits are racists or not is not the point . 
  charlie hebdo is shunning them for what they perceive as a racist mentality , and sure you can disagree with them , that the majority of the british people is not racist . 
  but there 's nothing in this article against free speech . 
  that 's not what he means . 
  we do n't come back to the point before the referendum , but we start from the beginning . 
  as if there was no relation at all between the uk and the eu . 
  in that case everything is up to dicussion , including freedom of movement . 
  but like he said after that :  `` many european partners were clear that it is impossible to have all the benefits of membership without some of the costs of membership . 
  that 's something the new prime minister and cabinet will have to think about very carefully . '', 
  mean the uk wo n't have a similar deal as before , and can not be able to just pick and choose for the new one . 
  basically he 's saying the same thing as the rest , like merkel , tusk , etc. 
  sapin just does n't hammer it on the head . 
  there 's nothing in this article against free speech . 
  1789 , revolution baby !, 
  i 'm not sure eu trade negociators are the people you 'd want for a negociation about leaving the eu . 
  not for a lack of expertise , but more to avoid a conflict of interests , that kind of thing . 
   because nato moved eastward to russia 's borders , not really , it 's more the countries next to russia 's borders who moved westward to nato . 
  make a literal translation , then make in the comments the non-literal one . 
  that way you 're covered . 
  however i do n't think this one in particular needed one , it 's easily understood and considering the divide between england and wales on one side and north ireland and scotland on the other , i think we may just translate `` les anglais '' by `` the english '' for once , in spite of our peculiar french way to use `` les anglais '' or `` l'angleterre '' to refer to the brits and great britain indiscriminately . 
  it makes the caption more biting with the implication . 
  maybe he 's suffering from stockholm syndrom . 
  well , compared to [ these fans ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wo_un-lkwpm ), 
  if the uk ignore the referendum and does n't invoke article 50 , the eu may invoke article 7 of the lisbon treaty . 
  it is a complex procedure , and can not be used to simply kick a member-state out , but it can remove the uk from certain rights , including voting in the council . 
  ooops . 
  thanks , i fixed it . 
  `` fuck off , you stink , and walk in the shadow . '', 
  a song by renaud . 
  you can listen to it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz9gtucpnym ), 
   the eu tries to create its own stalinesque big father figure . 
  more like the founding fathers of the us , i think . 
  which is n't that much better . 
   vichy-france politician only for a month between the 16th of june and 10th of july of 1940 . 
  and he did vote for petain power-grab . 
  at that time most of the french thought it was a legitimate government and it was n't openly collaborationist yet . 
  he also was arrested by the gestapo in 1941 . 
  at the liberation he was pardoned by de gaulle himself ( hardly a vichist ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , i hate vichy as much as the next guy , but schuman was far , far from the worst guy in that period , and his later work makes amend for his blatant mistake imo . 
   last year we convinced robert schuman , the `` father of europe '' who 's been dead for over 50 years , to answer your questions in a 60-minute tweet chat . 
  what . 
  it is a great victory for the little man of iceland , though . 
  i think he means the eec . 
  but in that case the uk did n't leave when it became the eu , so his point is irrelevant . 
  goddamnit , the text has been on reddit for days now . 
  there 's no `` giant superstates '' , just proposals for more common policies between the member-states . 
  but i suppose i should n't expect the sun to check its facts , it does n't sell as well and sounds boring . 
  still a better plan than boris johnson 's . 
  populists . 
  it 's quicker to gather the top three than all twenty-seven . 
  but do n't worry when it will come to the real negociations everyone are going to be involved . 
  not our problem . 
  they should have prepared for it , oh , i do n't know , maybe during the months * before * the referendum ? 
  at least , they 're on their way to accomplish their goal . 
   the difference is , john oliver is a comedian . 
  not sure there 's a difference , actually . 
  that 's always `` the plan '' . 
  now maybe they 'll act on their word too . 
   on 22 december 1970 its chairman , tufton beamish , wrote to the undersecretary of state at the foreign office , anthony royle , to mark the centenary , in 1971 , of the fall of napoleon iii and his flight into exile in britain : `` it has been suggested to me that the opportunity might be taken to cement anglo-french relations by offering them the remains of the farnborough mausoleum to complete their collection at les invalides ... ''  in the end , the british held on to the bones -- the effort involved in moving them looked too momentous . 
  and the french did n't care for napoleon iii anyway . 
  still do n't for the most part . 
  he want the common market without the regulations that apply there . 
  freedom of movement for his citizen , but not for the europeans . 
  and somehow he wo n't pay the contribution fee since he plan to give it to the nhs . 
  his plan does n't make any sense . 
  nothing about it is acceptable by the 27 ( sigh ) . 
  10 downing street , i presume . 
  10 should have had !, 
  well , you can have non-muslim terrorists , like the ira during the troubles , or anders behring breivik . 
  but that 's the idea i guess . 
  not really . 
  hollande said already a few month back the deal was n't really satisfying . 
  apparently it did n't improve in the meantime . 
  to be fair , i do n't think all of those who voted leave are racists . 
  but all the racists voted leave . 
  and now they 're gloating . 
  apparently that 's worth it for him . 
  `` the eu is not democratic ! '', 
  `` the eu does n't listen to the will of the people ! '', 
  `` you can take back control of your destiny ! '', 
  `` actually we do n't * need * to leave , guys ... '' assume your own decisions . 
  you campaigned for this . 
  seriously , fuck that guy . 
  only the president of the republic can call for a referendum , so unless marine le pen win the next elections , we should be fine . 
  the queen had no real power in france in the late 1700s . 
  we beheaded her anyway . 
   wo n't do both sides any good , that 's what they have voted for . 
  not everyone , but the majority . 
  what i find amazing ( not in a good way ) is how the result of the vote has been labeled has `` a victory for democracy '' by a number of newspaper . 
  why , if the remain side won , it would have been a defeat for democracy ? 
   as for europe , i pray its leaders give [ ... ] and mea culpa `` we are sorry you are a bunch of self-centered holier-than-thou idiots who did n't thought things through . '', 
  so , they will have to pay a fee to be part of the market , have to apply eu regulation , while not having a vote on eu matters ? 
  kinda amused by all the shitstorm happening today . 
   they tried to replace him with a more us-friendly general during the wa they tried * twice * . 
  first with darlan , then with giraud . 
  no wonder de gaulle did n't trust the us much . 
  too late dude .
