  1811 borders , best borders . 
  yeah , that 's why poland 's gdp have increased more than twice what it was since it enter the union . 
  please , tell me she did n't rape anyone . 
  paternity tests are legal , it 's just that it 's really tighly controlled by the law . 
  here is the article 16-11 of the civil code : http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichcodearticle.do;jsessionid=cea80200203c8a4b2e9f614402cf8a5c.tpdjo17v_2?idarticle=legiarti000023711923&amp;cidtexte=legitext000006070721&amp;datetexte=20140827 if you ca n't read french i 'll point out the passage talking about paternity tests : * `` en mati\u00e8re civile , cette identification ne peut \u00eatre recherch\u00e9e qu'en ex\u00e9cution d'une mesure d'instruction ordonn\u00e9e par le juge saisi d'une action tendant soit \u00e0 l'\u00e9tablissement ou la contestation d'un lien de filiation , soit \u00e0 l'obtention ou la suppression de subsides . 
  '' * in short , a paternity test can only be done by the order of a judge , either to establish a filiation or to contest it . 
  and then the person tested have to consent to perform the test ( in the case of a minor , it 's his or her parents or tutor who have to give their consent ) . 
  if the person you want to test is dead but never made known he was okay to perform such tests while he was alive , you ca n't do it . 
  if genetic test are so firmly controlled by the state in france is because the human body and the elements that compose it are considered as something sacred , even after death . 
  it has nothing to do with parenthood . 
  so if you get cuckolded , go to the judge and by this procedure prove you 're not the child father , you do n't have any responsability over him/her . 
  the state does n't enforce cuckoldry : it just does n't care . 
  cheating on your spouse is n't a crime , just a civil matter . 
  if you do n't like the idea of being a cuckold , just divorce . 
  now i do n't know where you get your numbers , but : either the french do n't care about cuckoldry ( as long as it does n't happen to them anyway ) and are more open about it , or the german lie about their fidelity . 
  we also send armies in ireland during our revolution . 
  did n't really worked though . 
  and you 're not the only one : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2708396/sacre-bleurgh-giant-fart-machine-loud-people-hear-blast-france-tested-dover.html, 
  laval ? 
  he did n't like the huguenots ( french protestants ) , but more because he saw them as a state within the state more than anything else . 
  while he allied with sweden and the protestants during the thirty year 's war to bring the hapsburg hegemony in europe down . 
  so yeah , he was pragmatic , a magnificient bastard , but he was n't really a `` villain '' . 
  it 's just how it 's done , the police deal with the urban areas , and the gendarmerie deal with the rural areas . 
  but it 's not just the french , the carabinieri does the same in italy . 
  another fun fact , in his diary louis xvi wrote that day `` 14th of july : nothing . '', 
  he was hunting that day and caught nothing it 's a bit later that he was informed about the whole `` storm the bastille ! '', 
  thingy . 
  i know , i always was surprised by the amount of french in stephen king 's books , for example . 
  you know it 's french , right ? 
  it 's the point , even the worst country in the eu is better than most country outside the eu . 
  meh , we 're already busy in africa . 
  let the germans do the job , for once . 
  there 's also latin used sometimes in juridic jargon , for exemple `` non censitur ignorare legem '' ( no one 's supposed to ignore law ) , but also in sayings , as `` errare humanum est , perseverare diabolicum '' ( error is humane , but persevere in error is devilish ) , and so on . 
  well , there 's the so-called `` gallic empire '' during that time . 
  did n't last long , but weird . 
  apparently some generals were n't happy with politics at rome ( more or less a `` who will be the next murdered emperor '' game ) , and said `` fuck it , we 're out '' and made their own country . 
  hipster nazis , they 're the worst . 
  maybe the map was made by an american unsure about geography . 
  wow , eritrea is worse than best korea . 
  wonder what happen there . 
  worth it , where 's nearest gulag ? 
  those ships would be useless for hunting pirates down , but who know if we may need them to take care of the problem at its source . 
  better yet : use victories against the russian navy as names for the two ships . 
  so , it 's a moot point then . 
  there is , go see insee , they have a lot of statitstics about immigrant population . 
  what is forbidden is polls about affiliations to religions . 
  you mean the channel in which the atlantis totally existed at one point , and was build by aliens ? 
  ueah , nor really a reference anymore . 
  jacques chirac approves . 
  the tyrants , not just the nobles . 
  yes it is , when it 's at the expense of all the muslims in the world who are not batshit crazy as the fuckers from isil or whatever . 
  it 's like those shouting `` death to the jews '' in the protest against isra\u00ebl . 
  blaming a whole religion for the acts of a minority is irrational . 
  it 's fucking metal , i love it . 
  apparently there 's douchebags in every level of society , even in a country not so bad as turkey . 
  so much islamophobia in the comments ... 
  the only stars we can see in europe are the ones on our flag . 
  then you forgot karl der gro\u00dfe , 
  charles the fat is n't charlemagne , but one of his grand-grandson . 
  korea was n't colonised by western powers only because japan got there first . 
  the `` b '' in lefevbre is silent , by the way . 
  like europe , this is great . 
  it 's not rocket science to realize people need air to survive , and that a refrigerated truck is completly sealed , and thus do n't let air in and out . 
  clearly what these dumbasses ( the smugglers ) were thinking . 
  did n't knew that , thanks !, 
  vladimir putin has a tiny little dick and all his bravado is because he is jealous of obama 's that is waaaaay bigger and whom he secretly feel attracted in an erotic way . 
  is this thread banned in russia yet ? 
  they are still a bunch of assholes , only a methodical one . 
  already knew dsk was a pervert , and no one really cared . 
  what shocked everyone was that he may be a rapist . 
  it comes from the freaking revolution , at first the revolutionarirs took the color green , representing hope , to show their support to the newly born national assembly , but they find it was a stupid idea as it was also the color of one of the king 's brother who was more royalist than the king . 
  they swapt it for red and blue that were the colors of the city of paris , and later on added in the white in the middle , which was the color of the monarchy . 
  that way the power of the king was bordered by the will of the people . 
  sure after that we killed the king , his wife and let his son rot in a jail , but as we crushed enemies from all europe and from within under that flag during the twenty years or so like the huge badass we are , it kinda stuck . 
  thanks the german for that . 
  portugal !, 
  how dare you drink more wine than us !, 
  stop your heresy . 
  * sound about right . 
  they did n't yet broke enigma , they were just starting to work on it . 
  that shift in the perception is , i think , due to the fact the communist party was a major political forcee after the war ( communists partisans being numerous in the french resistance , due to their pre-existing ideology and experience as an underground movement . 
  the gaullist part of the resistance had to learn both on the spot , more or less ) , but declined to nearly non-existence after the 70s when the socialist party started to steal their electorate bit by bit . 
  also during that time the landing was perceived more and more as the decisive action in the war , both due to the western view of the war , and also thanks to a part of francocentrism i guess . 
  yes they are . 
  where did i put my guillotine , guys ? 
  i suddenly feel the urge to sharpen its blade , no particular reason . 
  i too want me some space juice . 
  you know two hundred years ago the swiss invaded the place , not long after napoleon 's demise . 
  they were n't opposed ( france being a mess and occupied ) , but the invasion failed spectacularly : some troops just outright refused to put a foot in france , and a lot of others mutinied because it was raining too much, 
  just when i thought this mess was going to be simpler . 
  who cares ? 
  zeuro looks like zero . 
  as in 0 , lame , worthless , and so on, 
  it remind a lot of what coudenhove-kalergi wrote a century ago , for example his letter to the french parliament in 1924 . 
  change a few things here and there and it 's almost the same text . 
  r/europe in january : charlie hebdo is racist , do n't make muhammad sketches !, 
  r/europe in july : charlie hebdo are cowards , make muhammad sketches !, 
  america and ton in the same word , nice . 
  victory , singing , open up the gates . 
  liberty lead our steps .
