  why is it so strange to you that we care more about citizenship than ethnicity ? 
  when in doubt , blame england . 
  it works usually . 
  xavier bertrand , an unknown nobody ? 
  he 's been a deputy for a decade when he 's not a minister or ump general secretary . 
  it just says `` native french '' does n't exist from a legal point of view . 
  calm down . 
  so , the uk ? 
  soon ... 
  amazing how a little prick can turn into a huge asshole . 
   ukraine putin made sure it does n't happen before a long time . 
   turkey no one wanted turkey in before , and erdogan doesnt help for that . 
   kosovo i do n't care . 
  serbia might cringe . 
  spain will never agree . 
  or the previous pope . 
  did they use the chewbacca d\u00e9fense ? 
  i do n't mind being called a zombie , but a * catholic * zombie ? 
  this is an outrage . 
  yeah , the book only blame the ones who participate in the manifestations or show support to the victims . 
  my dad 's name is christian . 
  perhaps they 're the same person ? 
  so , exactly like during the soviet union ? 
  and why not a wall right through berlin ? 
  still better than cheese-eating surrender monkeys . 
  1200 french muslims went to syria fight for the jihad , i guess it 's a good enough number to say `` many '' . 
  i understand why you are so defensive about it , but he does n't say that the veil or going to the mosque are inherently wrong . 
  he point that to show how the muslim population is growing in europe , which  would not be so serious if they really wanted to integrate . 
  and after that phrase he write about those who * do n't * really want to integrate . 
  are they all in that case ? 
  i do n't think so , and the article does n't stipulate as such either . 
  but , sadly , many are . 
  not the majority ( thankfully ) , but enough to cause problems in our societies . 
  ahmed al-sarraf is a kuwaiti journalist writing in al-qabas , a kuwaiti daily newspaper . 
  i 'm pretty sure he did met a few muslims . 
  i 'm kind of divided . 
  a part of me found nice that he get a rose for his girlfriend , but the other is still wtf bro ? 
   nato ca n't stop ( mostly ) unarmed refugees . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  how a military alliance is supposed to deal with an immigration issue , exactly ? 
  bombing them ? 
  to be honest , the world has been a gigantic fuck fest during that period of times . 
  europe just got lucky to be better at this game than other part of the world . 
  it 's war . 
  if we can capture them , i 'm in favor for a fair trial . 
  if not , i wo n't shed a tear if they get blown up to bits . 
  they made their own choice joining daech . 
  i do n't consider them my fellow citizens , but as traitors . 
  they are fair game to me . 
  their leader has boasted loud enough they should kill any french they can get the hands on , i do n't know what you need . 
  they realised harry potter was fiction , right ? 
  let me guess : too many walloons ? 
  yep . 
  welsh are rosbif now ? 
  it 's not limited to the english ? 
  and that 's why we did n't want you in in the first place . 
  because they 're between russia and germany . 
  but mostly it 's russia . 
  suck it , uk . 
  those people run on reverse logic , if you are not discriminated against ( as a group , not as a person ) , then you are priviligied . 
  and as the most important factors for privilege is sex , gender ( except if you 're male ) and colour , a white male hobo benefit more from society than a rich black woman . 
  the test drivers were on strike , but the cars rode themselve anyway . 
  no , franca means franks in late latin . 
  at that time franks was used to designate all western europeans . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lingua_franca#etymology ) is the origin of the expression . 
  for france , it was 100 % messing with the hapsburg . 
  true , charles v only realised his mistake too late . 
  * italy * is richer than russia . 
  the whole world beats em at em . 
  i think the material came from those place , but it 's in the us some guy decided to make clothes out of them . 
  extreme left is generally atheist , `` religion is the opium of the people '' and all that . 
  from a certain point of view , they are . 
  but looking at their ideal society they want to create , and the means they use to that end , i 'm not sorry to be on the side of western imperialism . 
  ( i 'm talking about the islamists here ), 
  the only good thing hitler ever did was shooting himself . 
  it is written in our constitution since 1958 : the republic does not discriminate on origin , race or religion . 
  it comes from the declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen : * all men are born and remain equals in rights . 
  social distinctions can only be found on common utility . 
  * it did n't passed `` out of a desire to be politically correct '' , such thing did n't exist at the time . 
  but to live up our own ideal of equality . 
  and her party dares to call itself `` the republicans '' . 
  disgraceful . 
  * first uttered by richelieu ( reichelieu ? 
  ) , and engraved on the sun king cannons . 
   ice skating yes . 
  dude you 're in eurovision , you 're part of the extended european family . 
  sometimes the best defense is a good offense . 
  i feel i need to develop on this . 
  if we want to have an common army able to defend our common interestes , then we should be ready to send said armies on foreign soils to defend said interests . 
  a purely defensive army is good in theory imo , but most of the times it 's not enough . 
  no , that 's britain and they 're leaving the club . 
  yeah , but the uk want to get rid of the echr , so it will be legal to kill welshmen in chester again !, 
   like hercules bringing eurydice that was orpheus , damnit . 
  if you try to sound cultivated get your mythology straight . 
  the only time heracles went to hades was to capture kerboros , the three-headed hound , as one of his labours . 
  people jumps from tourists ? 
  i mean , they were as much king and queen of france as i am tsar of japan . 
  my little navy , my little navy ... 
  being born . 
  `` france '' .
