  yeah , sure . 
  the breaking point !, 
  no way a camp commander would let a jew enter her lebensraum . 
  germany declared he was a jew anyway . 
  are we back in the 60s ? 
   if uk cant get it with eu it can negotiate to get free trade with each member individually . 
  that 's not how the eu works . 
   president of belgium the what now ? 
  1793 best year of my life . 
  quite the opposite , they acknowledge there 's a lot of work to do . 
  and where yesterday is tomorrow . 
  why am i not surprised zemmour keep being a little prick . 
  juncker was first minister of luxembourg in 2005 . 
  i do n't think anyone cared for his opinion on the french referendum at the time . 
  wrong revolution though . 
  * liberty leading the people * is about the 1830 revolution , not the 1789 one . 
  then we should ban the uk from the olympics and other events and only allow england , scotland , wales and northern ireland , or ban those from fifa and other stuff to only keep the uk . 
  or not lose our shit for a goddamn flag . 
  well , why not . 
  i mean it looks like the only kind of currency up there . 
  i know , but we do n't have better . 
  maybe la m\u00e9daille du m\u00e9rite would be enough then ? 
  does n't mean we should n't award those who deserve it . 
  when does he come to france ? 
  i 'll get a box of rotten tomatoes ready . 
   isis is a result of the iraq war which was done by usa/uk / ** france . 
  ** ahem , no . 
  give that man the l\u00e9gion d'honneur . 
  we sent troops to afghanistan for you . 
  we did n't need troops from other countries for mali , just some logistic back-up to get our troops there and keep them supplied . 
  yeah , each time the british suck at a game , they invent a new one . 
  did n't really work in 1914 . 
  but yeah i agree with you . 
  `` in ten years , we will he able to kill 80 millions russians . 
  i do n't think you attack lightly a people that can kill 80 millions russians , even if you can kill 800 millions french - that is if there were 800 millions french . '', 
  de gaulle on the * force de frappe * sure it is overkill one way or another . 
  the point of nuclear deterance is that the reaction to a nuclear attack will definitevely hurt , so you 'd better be careful not attackingthat country . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i 've got the same combination on my luggage . 
  prepare spaceball 1 for immediate departure . 
  i always find it awkward , already back in november , but still today , when the internet say it pray for france ( paris , nice , whatever ) . 
  we 're a secular country , and * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * is a principle of our republic . 
  public display of religiosity is n't a thing we do . 
  sure , but an `` economic , political , cultural union , * toujours plus \u00e9troite * '' we already had that , it 's called the european union . 
  til 5 out of 6 french pilots are drunk when piloting . 
  means harvest month ( more or less ) . 
  victory , singing , opens to us the barrier liberty guides our steps and from the north to the south the warlike trumpet sounded the hour of the fightings tremble , ennemies of france kings drunk from blood and pride the sovereign people comes forth tyrants go down to the coffin the republic calls for us let us vanquish , or let us die a frenchman shall live for it ( i.e. , the republic ) for it a frenchman shall die, 
  because we asked you to leave in the sixties ? 
  good one . 
  france is already on this . 
  the eu headquarter was one of the joint proposais made by the german and french foreign affairs minister last month . 
  twice . 
  thrice if you include charlemagne . 
  sure , but changing a core principle of the european union to please one member who 's leaving anyway ? 
  no chance . 
  you know , the treaties the uk signed ? 
  even under french laws that 's illegal . 
  it 's the bhurka that 's banned , not the hijab . 
  no it is n't . 
  that 's part of the whole package . 
  there will be trade , but it would n't be under the single market rules . 
  at best there will be reduced tariff in some areas but not others , and worst case scenario the trade will be under the wto rules . 
  it 's not alarmist when we 're just spelling the rules . 
  good to see at least one of the british political figures going through the shitstorm unscathed . 
  well , that 's quite a lot . 
  i hope anyone found guilty will be punished according to the german laws . 
  maybe that 's how you saw it from your island , but from my point of view his negociation was pretty successful , and the [ bbc agrees ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-35622105 ) . 
  sure he did n't got everything he wanted but that 's how negociations works . 
  and the fact the uk would have been exempt from further politcal integration is nothing small . 
  the `` ever closer union '' is a core principle of the european project back to the ecsc in 1951 . 
  and the eu was okay if the uk did n't have any obligation to follow that principle . 
  really , you already had a `` special snowflake '' status in the eu , and with this deal you managed to get more and make the eu bend to your whim . 
  and you were n't satisfied with what you got ? 
  to me it makes the uk sound as being ungrateful , so do n't forget to close the door behind you when leaving . 
  he did got concessions back in february . 
  well , it 's not like we threw a dart at random . 
  for exemple in latin gaul and rooster are more or less the same word ( gallus ) , and the french somewhat consider themself as descendant from the gauls . 
  also the rooster is proud , fierce in combat , and get all the chicks . 
  `` france lost a battle , but has not lost the war ! '', 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe_hta5zw9u ), 
  impossible . 
  a guillotine does n't have a head . 
  huh !, 
  to be honest , i do n't think everyone who answered they 'd like more involvement from the eu would want to give the eu the power and money to do so . 
   until yesterday juncker was merkels puppet , and he pushed the franco-german agenda . 
   today juncker is merkels archenemy that hinders germany 's conquest of europe , so he must be replaced by a puppet that will push the ~ ~ franco - ~ ~ german agenda . 
  because fuck cholesterol . 
  damn , i 'm going to run out of popcorn ... 
  you can win in a democratic vote while being fascist . 
  it happened in the past . 
  not that i 'd call the brexiters fascists but you get the point . 
  also parts of the brexit side intended to protest the vote in the eventuality they lost . 
  the infamous petition for a second referendum was initially made by a guy who voted leave before the election , and nigel farage said he would push for a brexit anyway on the evening of 23d of june when the results appeared to be in his defavor . 
  `` i , dark lord of the sith , ... '', 
  weapons of mass destruction , space engineering , and big-ass laser ... are we secretly building the death star ? 
  there 's no disposition for a retraction of article 50 once invoked . 
  the only way would be for uk to not invoke article 50 , ever , but that would piss off everybody . 
  because only hitler had the idea of an united europe . 
  you 're cruel .
