maybe because you 're american ? 
  i would use it to describe a situation - no problem . 
  not so sure about how to apply that to a person . 
  but i kind of like the visual nature ... like someone who 's a downer . 
  i would use heavy to mean `` intense '' so i would n't categorise that as a pseudo-anglicism, 
  also , ` heavy ' for cool or rock music, 
  a pub could be a bar , normal pub , or nightclub ( discoth\u00e8que ) but a club also known as a puticlub ( ie puta ) is a whore house . 
  do n't they call a dog kennel and bench too ? 
  i ca n't remember now ... 
  they leave babies outside of pubs/restaurants/shops in most scandinavian countries and in the article i read about it they used to do the same in the uk up until the 1960s i believe, 
  i 've been unemployed since january . 
  my benefits run out in june . 
  i 'm scared shitless . 
  my bf claims we can survive on just his paycheck but i do n't think he realises how much the taxes going up has changed what our food and utilities come to at the end of the month . 
  our land lady was nice enough to lower our rent by $ 50 a month . 
  i 've sent out hundreds of cvs and only heard back from a couple of people . 
  i have an interview next at ikea for a summer position ( 1.5 months ) - obviously not ideal but it 's something . 
  in spain , teaching english , you 're pretty much expected to work illegally for a few months before they consider offering you a contract, 
  it 's something like 2 % chance of genetic deformations in the regular population but only 4 % in for first cousins . 
  i like bergen, 
  i am dutch ... half ... but they do n't have a bermudian flag and i do n't * really * hold a british passport, 
  awesome !!, 
  i do n't speak catalan but i find castellano to be quite long winded . 
  in terms of single words having great meaning i think the dutch/germans have us beat but english has the beautiful construction : should n't 've beat that, 
  i 'm broke and unemployed but living in spain : /, 
  of course english is going to look less economical when you 're using phrasal verbs . 
  if you use the proper verbs english can be less wordy . 
  old english would be awesome to learn . 
  i 've seen it touched on here and there ( mostly in explanations on how our grammar and spelling evolved ) and it 's only made it sound more interesting but i 'd have no idea where/how to go about learning it . 
  yes but it was n't used like that . 
  it was standing alone as a sentence . 
  my native language is english . 
  so yeah , worth learning just because it 's so widespread . 
  but i 'm half dutch . 
  my uncle said to me , `` it 's not worth improving your dutch because everyone speaks english . '', 
  a lot of people `` speak english '' but that does n't mean they 're good at it - or at least , good at conversing with native speakers . 
  there is a whole different language spoken amongst non-native speakers that native speakers tend to have difficulty with - the grammar is easier and the vocabulary is smaller but the word order can often be jacked up . 
  anyway , i want to learn dutch because i 'm dutch and i should speak it . 
  i like the way it sounds and i like the connection to my past . 
  i like finding similarities or quirks . 
  i like speaking spanish . 
  i studied latin in school so that helped a bit ... not really . 
  i like being able to watch shows in their original language . 
  i would like to learn french , norwegian , mandarin , korean , japanese , arabic , and asl . 
  no reason . 
  i just want to . 
  i 've had some exposure to these cultures and their languages and i 'd like to learn more and feel fancy . 
  edit : and now i kind of want to learn hungarian !, 
  * i was turning upside down the table * does n't make sense in english . 
  you would probably say : * i turned the table upside down * but you could also say : * i upturned the table * or * i flipped the table * ; * i flipped the table over *, 
  right !? 
  now i want to learn hungarian ... 
  spain here ... what money ? 
  it 's not segregated . 
  there was almost no violent crime up until really recently . 
  it 's like 6 murders a year ? 
  but it 's all local drug thug on local drug thug violence . 
  with the economy being such shit you are seeing an increase in home invasions but growing up there i felt perfectly safe being a female travelling alone at night . 
  people are optimistic that the new government will turn things around . 
  oops , i did n't see the flag because i replied in my inbox . 
  i ca n't believe they have a puerto rico flag but not a bermuda one :'( actually the uk subreddit does n't either ... but the vegan one does . 
  strange . 
  which island ? 
  tourism is a small part of our economy . 
  we do more banking and reinsurance . 
  bermuda really has nothing but beaches - it 's not like mexico where you can go into the rainforest or swim with whale sharks . 
  you can dive some ship wrecks and relax a bit ... no amusement parks or mcdonalds i do n't really have any tourist stories . 
  i used to work at a starbucks style coffee shop and we 'd get a lot of tourists off the cruise ships and the accents were intense . 
  we mostly get us tourists because we 're so close and we speak english but i freaking hate american money . 
  we accept it but it 's all one colour and i have to stare at it for those 0.2 seconds too long to figure out what note it is and it annoyed me endlessly . 
  when i was little they had a referendum on independence and it was voted down by a huge majority . 
  people bring it up from time to time but i think more of a distraction from other issues . 
  like you know when a politician has fucked up royally because they start bring up racial issues to get all the old people fired up . 
  nothing really . 
  i mean , i 'm from bermuda . 
  65,000 people 53 sq km . 
  boring as shit . 
  we 're the red headed step children of the crown . 
  they want nothing to do with us and are probably just waiting for us to go independent but no one really cares that much . 
  i 'm more curious about the island that are actually a part of their kindoms . 
  the dutch islands seem to have a lot stronger ties to the homeland than we do . 
  what about all the caribbean islands ? 
  no but it 's something that makes you worry about your drink in a country club, 
  sometimes they get caught and they still get away with it because of all their money, 
   when was the last time a bunch of rich men ** got caught ** gang-raping someone ? 
  i noticed they did n't mention anything about vast amounts of ham . 
  articles on the med . 
  diet never seem to but it 's a pretty big part of the castilian diet, 
  i think the thought is that a diver lost his wedding ring while diving the wreck and people just want to get it back to him . 
  edit : i guess i 'm just a hopeless romantic, 
  my first thought was * oh how sad i hope they find the owner * but now i 'm wondering if this will be some divorce story and the guy threw it overboard on purpose ... 
  they came to spain ? 
  i would venture to argue that those are n't * national * holidays in the us . 
  they originated in those areas and other areas are trying to emulate what happens there versus thanksgiving which had a mythological origin and is celebrated virtually the same in all regions of the us . 
  i refer you to the comment by [ mib5799 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/18s8a4/immigrants_in_eu_vs_usa_adults_born_outside/c8hk5t8 ) : * you missed the point . 
  * * ( s ) he 's saying `` the us has many national holidays that everyone observes '' . 
  this is on top of local ones like cp day . 
  * * ( s ) he then says `` in the eu , there are almost no national holidays . 
  '' * * like , if there 's a `` spanish thanksgiving '' , it would be like one area has it in august , one in october , one in november , and a 4th area does n't do it at all . 
  the august one is celebrated by going to the beach and drinking wine , while the october one is feasting like the us , and in november it 's a day of solemn prayer .
