  agree with you there , man . 
  yeah , i think the austerity measures put in place in greece for the loans were not the best idea . 
  let the country fix itself up , then it can enter the euro if it wishes . 
  the startup culture was a bit different when google was coming to age . 
  venture capitalism in silicon valley was n't nearly as big . 
  google also had an easy time making money through ads . 
  how is snapchap going to make money ? 
  where would you put the ads ? 
  i was referring to google and facebook as the monopolies doing the buying . 
  unfortunately not : / . 
  i plan to go in the next few years ^ if ^ they 'll ^ have ^ me ... yeah , we have a lot of startups , but the one 's that do n't get bought by the monopolies fail miserably . 
  the startup culture is fucking cutthroat , as well . 
  and our government is regulated by the businesses , not the other way around . 
  you have n't been to the us , then, 
  greece 's economy was shot before it entered the euro . 
  have n't you been reading up ? 
  states are now switching to `` compounding pharmacies '' which are loosely regulated -- although , what is n't in the us ? 
  the drugs they make are terrible at doing their job and/or people probably do n't know the best dose, 
  oh , i was talking about today . 
  i know there were protests , i * am * an american haha . 
  more recently , they used john kerry 's desertion against him , calling him a coward and whatnot , during the 2004 elections . 
  nowadays it 's all `` support the troops '' . 
  i agree . 
  from a purely military point of view , we may have won . 
  but just look at the damage caused to both their countries and ours . 
  if it were n't for the needless wars in the mid-east , we 'd probably be more forceful on using our military to help ukraine . 
  as it is , not only do many americans think ukraine is in greenland , but that the country is n't worth fighting for . 
  a sad situation we find ourselves in . 
  the worst part about it is that , for whatever reason , the average american is so easily swayed by those arguments . 
  `` he did n't support the war ? 
  traitor ! '', 
  as if being a war veteran is paramount to the presidency . 
  it 's hard to win wars against countries when your main opponent is a international organization . 
  if by `` win '' you mean kill loads of people , then yeah , we did one helluva job . 
  over here , we just call that `` natural '' . 
  indeed . 
  under penalty of botched lethal injections, 
  or that he does n't have an american flag within waving reach at all times, 
  seriously . 
  the us has `` lost '' a good amount of wars , but conservative over here will never call it as such . 
  according to them , we won the wars in vietnam , korean , afghanistan , and iraq . 
  harder than italian and french . 
  i know not many people speak it , but it 's such a cool language . 
  in the book i 'm using to learn icelandic , the intro contains a paragraph devoted to icelanders ' `` belief in elves '' . 
  it 's a good book , but still, 
  yeah , i love british food . 
  i never understood the stereotype , but i always hear it over here . 
  jesus , i can relate to that . 
  at least they spray some paint though . 
  penndot just leaves it till there 's an accident . 
  then they pave it over a period of a week . 
  then maybe two months later they spray the lines on it . 
  the lines look like a kindergartener drew them . 
  as an american living in pennsylvania , i would gladly take british , norwegian , or german roads over ours . 
  i think we have a record for worst roads in the us, 
  trains, 
  yeah , here in the us i think even far-leftists ( i.e. , college-aged `` anarchists '' ) are opposed to russia 's ukraine response , if only because of humanitarian reasons . 
  republicans and right-wingers will hate putin simply because they remember the cold war . 
  but then again , there are a lot of people who think ukraine is in greenland ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-26943479 ) edit : a lot of people in the us who think ukraine is in greenland, 
  which would be awesome, 
  so what about mouse ? 
  and then add mousse and music to the mix . 
  english is just one big klousterfokken of rules . 
  i prefer the british spellings , if only because they look more french and i love french . 
  you are my first reply that showed up as a push notification in alien blue since ever . 
  if i had res , i 'd tag you as such . 
  since i do n't , accept my congratulations !, 
  ** edit ** i see now that you put - s instead of just s and that you may have been talking about plurals instead of just endings, 
  ah , but then perhaps we should also spell guys as `` guyz '' and dogs as `` dogz '' . 
  i mean , if you really simplified our spelling our entire language would look different . 
  the english -  getman copy past was easy to read , mostly because we have different letters for the same sounds . 
  there is no misconception here . 
  it does exist . 
  bbc had a segment on it . 
  people physically tasted a burger made from synthetic meat . 
  this is exactly something we need to throw money at because it is an expensive little experiment and not economically viable to sell yet . 
  if you are against meat for ethical reason , then come out and say it . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  but that is no reason to force other people to not eat meat . 
  dude , please stay on / r/europe . 
  we need more americans like you . 
  why not just go the synthetic meat option ? 
  no animal raising and harvesting . 
  just grow it in a lab and * poof * hamburger . 
  no need to advocate lower meat consumption . 
  can you delineate a moderate christian using similar questions ? 
  there 's obviously not a black and white answer to what is `` moderate '' . 
  in my own opinion , i would say it would n't matter what a moderate muslim believes or thinks is acceptable , because while they personally do n't agree with things such as gay marriage ( something many christian denominations * also * do n't believe in ) , they would n't criticise or vote against a person who is for it . 
  what do you think a moderate muslim is ? 
  you 're saying the majority of the us population did n't support going to war post-9 / 11 ... ? 
  did n't seem like it was that way after the september 11 attacks . 
  based on the title of this post , you 'll be able to see exactly how shelling your own cities is . 
  hear , hear . 
  the day i switched over to reading the bbc for american news was the day i stopped having to read left-biased or right-biased news . 
  that 's all we have in the us . 
  our sole `` unbiased '' news source is pbs/npr and they are a joke , mostly because of how unprofessional they are ( and by unprofessional i mean most of their interviews could be given by college journalist majors , if you follow me ) . 
  yeah , i was a little confused on that as well . 
  maybe a freudian slip ? 
  quite right . 
  also a lot of tut-tutting and humph-ing .
