  again . 
  that movie is comedy gold, 
  and what 's to stop the vacuum of the defeat of is from being filled by yet another terrorist organization ? 
  what does russia bring to the table that nato/us lacks ? 
  haha , there you go !, 
  that was actually pretty good !, 
  although personally i never minded 9/11 jokes , at all , nowadays you 'll find many americans are hardly bothered by them either . 
  imagine the russian jet is the joke and an is soldier holding a portable aa launcher is / u/dramadalailama 's sense of humor . 
  when the solider tries to get the jet , he only sees an error message : `` out of range '' . 
  fellow americunt , could you possible share a link to that post ? 
  because that sounds absolutely hilarious . 
  i hate to be that ignorant american , but can someone tell me what 's going on in the video ? 
  my slavic consists of me knowing a few words in russian . 
  it 's probably difficult to integrate first-gen immigrants regardless of how inclusive your policies are . 
  it seems to take until the 3rd-gen to fully integrate/assimilate themselves into society . 
  i 'd love to see a study of western immigrants and how well they integrate in other cultures . 
  i 'm curious if they follow similar patterns or if they take a longer/shorter time to fully integrate . 
  sure , but if you 're including cameron and merkel , whom i 'd consider the * least * likely to 've committed a war crime , then you * have * to include putin . 
  and really medvedev , too . 
  so your list should really be merkel , sarkozy/hollande , blair/cameron , putin/medvedev . 
  actually , i think they spell it `` jabhat fateh al-sham '' now . 
  by most of europe 's leaders , i assume you 're including putin , yeah ? 
  have you ever been to the us ? 
  there are definitely areas here where it would not be ideal to be black . 
  sorry , i thought that was implied when i said `` half-heartedly '' , 
  and as far as economics go , it worked fairly well . 
  that 's similar to how i feel about turkey being in nato . 
  the amount positives you guys bring in hardly seems worth dealing with the negatives -- i.e. , half-heartedly fighting is and stopping migrants , denial of obviously apparent genocides , wannabe caliph with a silly moustache . 
  ca n't argue with that , mate . 
  it 's the sound a joke makes when it passes over your head . 
  aye , thanks !, 
  edited . 
  https://mobile.twitter.com/piersmorgan/status/754050712531767296 confirmation of army claiming having control , according to piers morgan . 
  for what that 's worth . 
  i would think most of nato would n't mind if erdogan were replaced . 
  he 's not exactly the greatest ally . 
  i only worry about it being a weak coup and strengthening erdogan and his image rather than replacing him . 
  any idea on the likely chances of success ? 
  is this a real coup or one likely to be ( or already have been ) quashed easily ? 
  i just gave you the reason why many americans do it . 
  they talk to their doctor , the doctor says `` the benefits outweigh the risks '' . 
  done . 
  i doubt most parents are thinking about condoms or washing dicks when they consult their doctor . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  maybe kellogg 's hypothesis applied when he was alive , but you 're mental if you think american parents still get there children circumcised because of its anti-masturbation efficacy ( or lack thereof ) . 
  the american association of pediatrics [ has stated ] ( https://www.aap.org/en-us/about-the-aap/aap-press-room/pages/newborn-male-circumcision.aspx?nfstatus=401&amp;nftoken=00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000&amp;nfstatusdescription=error:+no+local+token ) that the benefits outweigh the risks . 
  whether you agree with that or not is up to you , but it 's not like the aap is some shill group for jews . 
  it 's an actual medical body made up of scientists and doctors . 
  * our * scientists and doctors , specifically . 
  do you really expect the average american parent to follow the medical advice of the faroe islands or sweden ? 
   after a comprehensive review of the scientific evidence , the american academy of pediatrics found the health benefits of newborn male circumcision outweigh the risks , but the benefits are not great enough to recommend universal newborn circumcision . 
  here 's the [ press release ] ( https://www.aap.org/en-us/about-the-aap/aap-press-room/pages/new-benefits-point-to-greater-benefits-of-infant-circumcision-but-final-say-is-still-up-to-parents-says-aap.aspx?nfstatus=401&amp;nftoken=00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000&amp;nfstatusdescription=error%3a+no+local+token ) . 
  you did n't exactly have much of a choice in the matter ... 
  but , you should n't forget de gaulle and his resistance . 
  the gov ' t might have surrendered but your people did n't . 
  this is reddit , no one reads the articles . 
  the post title is all you need to judge anything by . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i 'd love to see ionia and constantinople back in greek hands . 
  why would we help the turks ? 
  it 's gon na be huge . 
  it 'll be the biggest secession you 've ever seen , trust me . 
  trust me , you would n't want to be another secession because you 'd just be embarrassed by this one . 
  you know your own country has education issues when a european has to correct an american on the history of the us . 
  i think it depends on * why * he said no rather than the mere fact that he did say no . 
  if he said non because he did n't want to lose power himself ( other ministers be damned ) , then i would agree with your assertion . 
  but if he said no because he simply thought erdogan would be too powerful for the turkish state 's good , then i would say he was guilty of being a `` good guy '' than ambition . 
  i think you can be biased and irrelevant and still manage to get some corrected articles posted . 
  like a blind guy throwing darts at a dartboard . 
  at some point he 's going to hit that bullseye , whether he meant to or not . 
  his pm , davutoglu , did n't get fired because he was too ambitious but rather because disagreed with erdogan on whether presidential office should gain power at the expense of the legislature . 
  erdogan wanted him as pm because he thought davutoglu would be a yes man , and when he said no , well you saw the result . 
  people live in nj so that they can work in new york . 
  no one * wants * to live in new jersey . 
  asshole . 
  the angsty high school atheists are strong in this thread . 
  i think it was that she was * going * to be pregnant by being a surrogate for that rich couple . 
  that show really is brilliant . 
  the world would be a better place if the - splaining words never existed . 
  why not both ? 
  it 's okay , i totally understand . 
  it 's hard not get frustrated with something that you see as totally wrong . 
  the ( very slim ) silver lining of trump 's election is that i learned i can never change a trump supporters mind by saying how stupid and terrible some of his positions are , no matter how true that may be . 
  best thing to do is present your facts and hope that they take root in their mind . 
  the link you posted is a little dubious . 
  the article does n't cite any sources for its statements such as :  us . 
  doctors are collecting as much as $ 240 million yearly to perform 1.2 million needless operations and an ( admittedly ) quick google search did n't bring up any links from quality sources . 
  in fact , most links led to blogs that cited thewellspring 's own uncited article . 
  do you know of a better link/source ? 
  preferably by the bbc/washingtonpost/etc . 
  or an actual study showing doctors are making biased choices because of the cost/profit of circumcision . 
  the argument itself is n't very useful because it would only prove correlation , not causation . 
  otherwise you could use it against any procedure doctor 's perform that did n't necessarily save someone 's life . 
  i 'm not saying the aap is right or wrong , i 'm simply saying people will generally defer to `` authorities '' ( in this case the aap ) when presented with a situation that they are n't knowledgeable in . 
  if the aap says it 's beneficial but it 's up to you , what do you think many parents will do ? 
  a parent whose own research led to their conclusion that it was in their child 's best interest to be circumcised . 
  your question is a good example of what not to say if you want to convince someone to leave their child uncircumcised . 
  i 'm sure you know as well as i do how people can just tune out if you tell them something they do n't want to hear , especially when it 's in a hostile tone . 
  i see the `` god said so '' argument a lot . 
  maybe that 's true for some hardliner religious people , but there 's an entire country across the atlantic where kids are circumcised because the aap ( american academy of pediatrics ) has stated and still states the the benefits outweigh the risks , but not enough to recommend universal circumcision . 
  so the parent is made to educate themselves ( or not ) about the procedure and make the choice .
