  i was under the impression that * non * - schengnen citizens could stay for the whole 90 days within 180 days thing . 
  i 'm not aware if it applies to people within the schengen area . 
  it 's part of the [ schengen area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_area#membership ), 
  you forgot to mention freedom of speech and the government being too powerful . 
  give it a few hundred years or so . 
  i swear it 'll catch on !, 
  fun fact : - ia is a latin ending for nouns when formed from adjectives , and in english you can see how they were translated through french or norman-influenced english . 
  turcia -  turquie -  turkey germania -  germanie -  germany so czechia , to me at least , makes perfect sense . 
  i think the issue here is that they have to prove that it did damage to his reputation and , well , his reputation really ca n't get any worse  . 
  glad we 're finally seeing eye to eye . 
  it 's nice to find a russian with some thick skin . 
  but yo mom jokes are a little dated . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of `` yo berlin wall '' or `` yo dictator '' . 
  sorry , i think you misunderstood me . 
  i was n't trying to argue with you . 
  my whole comment was riddle with ad hominems because i was trying to insult you . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't get that , considering your english skills are a notch above the average putin shill . 
  you 've got to be kidding me . 
  that 's exactly like to pot calling the kettle black . 
  or however you say it in russian . 
  when people think of corruption , few would say poroshenko is the first thought that pops into their head . 
  putin , on the other hand . 
  / u/surfingduude is right . 
  who gives a fuck what the russians think . 
  they stand on no ground from which they can criticize others without criticizing themselves . 
  you want to talk about corruption ? 
  try running against putin in an election and openly criticizing him and his policies . 
  let me know how it goes when you get back from the gulags . 
  this is hilarious . 
  that swollen neck scene is priceless . 
  it sounds more like it 's just * half * the story , 
  moldovia was a separate country before unification with wallachia ... 
  it ... does not . 
  do n't you brits have any analogue for which we americans can make fun of you ? 
  what about your `` g. 
  ( aka gordon brown ) . 
  who are the cashiers ? 
  dammit , man , i need you to agree with me . 
  solidarity with your brothers across the sea !, 
  print the legend , as they say . 
  if it makes you feel any better , the embarrassment you felt during those few moments where you thought it might be true is what we experienced every day for 8 years straight with bush . 
  you do n't like ` ol pigcocking cameron ? 
  i bet the ottomans hate ireland for giving turkey ideas . 
  to be fair , the monarch has more of a ceremonial head of state role than anything else . 
  it 's not like the queen has the full powers of our president or the french president . 
  i 've always considered the pm to be the `` leader . '', 
  i 've always said happy holidays . 
  even if you celebrate christmas , `` happy holidays '' is a good way of combining new years and christmas together for people you may not see again till after both of those days . 
  i 'll say `` merry christmas '' the day before/of christmas , though . 
  by that logic , we americans can claim our food is just as good as europeans ' and that we have a much larger variety since we have a lot of foreign food restaurants , bakeries , & c. it 's food sold in the us to americans . 
  if you are claiming that britain has a larger variety of bread than germany , your argument would make sense . 
  if you are claiming that the british have a larger variety of bread than the germans ... well , i 'm afraid that argument does n't hold much water . 
  or yeast . 
  or whatever pun you want to use . 
  do n't forget marketing and s'mores . 
  when you grow up eating s'mores with hershey 's chocolate , it 's hard to replicate that taste and nostalgia with other chocolates . 
  i will gladly commit treason and say that you europeans beat us in quality foods . 
  but those french , italian , and asian/indian bakeries are n't baking british bread , are they ? 
  you kind of just proved the point that the brits have a lack of variety of bread . 
  so much , in fact , that they must import other cultures ' breads to make up for it . 
  kiev got brighter at least . 
  that has to count for something . 
  no problem !, 
  now you know , 
  i think you mean `` raised with quranic verses . '', 
  although some of those kids do probably end up razing a few hundred people and some buildings when they get older , if you follow me . 
  would n't the left be taxing the fat cat bourgeoisie of the upper class , not the middle class ? 
  ay , this is how real diplomacy is done , my friend . 
  seems fair . 
  but you guys will have to take a fifth of our population . 
  specifically the southern racist fifth . 
  also donald trump . 
  dealio ? 
  well ... dammit . 
  you 're still going to have to give up constantinople , axis of evil or not !, 
  now you guys just need to leave nato and your transformation to the new `` axis of evil '' in the middle east will be complete . 
  seriously , i mean you ca n't make this stuff up . 
   next time dont divide the middle east and africa so badly yeah , damn those imperial swedes . 
  if only * sweden * had n't divvied up the middle east and created all of those colonies ... dude , you are just perpetuating the myth that americans are idiots and completely unknowledgeable about history that does n't involve themselves . 
  you are exactly why / r/europe should have tests for americans who want to subscribe . 
  it almost works on two levels . 
  we 're fat like hippos and we 're so dumb we would probably spell hypocrisy as `` hippocricy '' . 
  typical america , amirite ? 
  i just want to say that i 'm an american and i do not agree with his message . 
  it 's probably because you 've never lived under a democracy . 
  dude , you forgot the cat . 
  i think you mean vic2 , and no , i 'm holding out on buying it until vic2 comes out on steam for mac . 
  * used * to be pretty decent . 
  not so much anymore . 
  but hey , for a while they were almost neck-and-neck with us . 
  and they got into space before us , as well . 
  nice man , the f-4 almost makes more sense in a chronological way . 
  the irony of a serbian criticizing an american for land grabs is too much . 
  how 's yugoslavia working out for you ? 
  there is no legitimate reason for armed land grabbing in the 21st century . 
  also #removekebab . 
  guess we found the erdogan shill, 
  hipsters ( and farmers ) both don them here , as well . 
  time travel 's a bitch , man . 
  you never know when you might go to sleep and wake up in 1856 .
