  which specifically planned for a war like this , and were relatively successful in camouflaging much of their equipment ? 
  and once again , condemning collateral damage while using it as a excuse to ignore ethnic cleansing which prompted the military strikes in the first place . 
  conflating the accidental killing of civilians caught in the cross-fire with the deliberate killing of civilians based on ethnicity . 
   ** perfect . 
  i do n't even need to reply to this . 
  you did my job for me . 
  lulz you 're kinda cute . 
  * pats on head *, 
  the world draped in a cloud of radioactive dust . 
  the threat of it stopped the cold war from going hot for cuba , turkey , egypt , and west germany . 
  there 's no point in nato , in military alliances , if we do n't move to defend them , if we do n't move to uphold our commitments . 
  our word means shit , our influence means shit , we 'll be nothing , but a bullied and isolated nation . 
  i ai n't fuck with this neville * `` peace in our time '' * appeasement shit . 
  it did n't work for the allies and it ai n't gon na work for us . 
  it 's the same logic of * `` tiny czechslovakia being occupied is n't worth a war '' * just led to a bigger war anyway . 
  so , if that does happen , we fight the russian conventionally , and if they want to go nuclear , than we go nuclear . 
  shit ai n't our fault , it was going to happen anyway , might as well get it over with . 
  well if it was dropped than it was settled , was n't it ? 
  so what are you complaining about ? 
  serbia must 've felt justice was served and was satisfied if they dropped it . 
  if i 'm treating it like a olympic sport you 're treating it like a non-factor because other people did it , just not as bad and not involving ethnic cleansing , which is worse in my opinion . 
  hey , remember all the genocides that followed the intervention ? 
  * lulz *, 
   they are worse than serbs . 
  do n't put down a whole people you ignorant fuck . 
  you ca n't just blame all serbs for the war-crimes of the regime , that 's such a cuntish thing to fucking do man . 
  and no , the israelis are in no fucking way , shape or form as bad as some of the groups during the yugoslav wars . 
  you got ta be smoking crack to believe that . 
  and that original chartered land kinda goes out the window when you and your neighbors fight multiple wars after it 's chartered . 
  everybody in that region is to blame for that cluster fuck , just like in the balkans . 
  but ai n't no shit was done by israeli like was done by the serbian government in the 90s . 
  are you suggesting that israel has ethnically cleansed palestinians ? 
  and that their actions are comparable to that of the decade-long yugoslav war ? 
  and you did n't create israel , just like you did n't create palestine . 
  all you did was colonize a area , draw some imaginary lines in the sand and then leave abruptly so the natives could fight wars over the power vacuum . 
  seriously , you 're forgetting that since the day israel was declared a country , it 's been invaded by * every single one it 's neighbors * . 
  yet , you never saw the huge massacres or a srebrinca come out from them . 
  you 've seen some fucked up shit , but you ai n't never seen that shit . 
  has israel done fucked up shit ? 
  absolutely . 
  is palestine comparable to the balkans ? 
  fuck no . 
   serbian soldiers and politicians did answer for war crimes before icty . 
  lulz [ how do you think they made it to the trial ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radislav_krsti%c4%87#arrest_and_trial ) ? 
    american troops and politicians have n't , and they should . 
  the law is pointless if it 's only enforced unilaterally . 
  its purpose is not to bring justice then , but to exploit the weaker countries , making political rulings which establish collective guilt and legitimize illegal wars by superpowers . 
  i do n't remember us ethnically cleansing iraqis and afghans ... but i do remember saddam ethnically cleansing kurds and the taliban doing some pretty fucked up shit in the 90s ... .  us not only does not recognize the international war crimes court icc , but instead engaged on an active campaign to sign bilateral treaties with countries to have their troops immune from prosecution there . 
  doubly hypocrisy . 
  like i said ... where did we ethnically cleanse people again ? 
  [ and i 'm glad we do n't prosecute soldiers and give them life sentences for war crimes ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/aug/23/afghanistan-massacre-robert-bales-trial ) . 
  also , why is it illegal and a war crime to sign a bilateral treaty ? 
  treaties we do n't force on people ? 
  if you remember , iraq * chose * not to sign and we * left * without throwing a fuss . 
    and bombing a sovereign country without unsc authorization is not an aggressive military campaign according to you ? 
  what is then - perhaps an act of self-defense ? 
  i did n't know there was a significant american enclave in serbia . 
  eh , like i said , it was a humanitarian intervention , but even if people do consider it a war crime , fuck off , * lulz * if it 's a war crime to stop people from slaughtering innocent civilians than consider my country guilty . 
   i 'll swallow that charge with pride . 
   spare us of orwellian doublespeak - it 's better described at `` responsibility to bomb whomever the fuck americans want '' . 
  but do n't worry - those days are drawing to a close . 
  with barry in charge , you do n't need enemies  you mean the barry who just maneuvered ukraine away from russia 's eurasian union and is moving to contain china with a comprehesive military and economic shift towards the pacific ? 
  the one who 's every intervention has been u.n. authorized or is asked for by the reigning and legitimate government ? 
  the one who did n't bomb syria , but managed to get chemical weapons out of there ? 
  that one ? 
   barry 's doing just fine dude ; much better than stjepan mesi\u0107 or slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 , that 's for damn sure . 
    are you talking about kosovo serbs kidnapped and organ-harvested by the terrorist organization kla ? 
  when did i every indicate otherwise ? 
  tell me , were the massacres and war crimes going on at the same rate they were after nato intervened ? 
  ** wonder why . 
  **   i wish a slow and painful death to all of the war-mongering neocons . 
  that 's cool and all , but it does n't take away from anything i said and clinton was president if you remember . 
  you know ... it 's weird ... the israelis have done some really fucked up shit ... but i do n't recall them doing anything on the scale of srebrinca or some of those other massacres  i never said we can stop every bad in the world , but you got shit fucked up if you think i 'm going to apologize for stopping this one . 
  oh , did serbia and others check in with the icc when they were all slaughtering civilians like fucking pigs ? 
  oh ... no ... they did n't ? 
  oh ... and it could be argued it was n't a breach of international law , as the only wars which are war crimes are * `` aggressive wars '' * which it could be argued the balkans were n't , they were a humanitarian intervention backed up by the principle of r2p . 
   but even if we did , i do n't give a fuck , the world can suck my dick if they want to declare my country a war criminal for our intervention in the balkans when thousands of innocent people were being lined up and having the entire back section of their skull blown out because of their ethnicity . 
  so like i said , fuck them and fuck you too , ** we should be ready to the shit again , and sooner , next time the shit breaks out . 
  eh , i tend to prioritize my ethnic cleansing war crimes above my semantics war crimes . 
  hey , remember all that ethnic cleansing that was going on before we intervened that kept on going on after we intervened ? 
  ** yeah , me the fuck neither . 
  i can understand that and do sympathize with you in that regard . 
  [ no , we actually do pay 3/4ths of nato 's european budget  ( http://www.defenseone.com/ideas/2013/10/will-us-rebalance-its-contribution-nato/72281/ ) and that 's only going to go up with [ your own country 's drastic military cuts ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/03/us-france-defence-budget-idusbre9920sa20131003 ) . 
  i 'm not going to say that european countries should n't increase their military funding and integrate more so they can actually project power regionally without emergency measures and a timely mobilization * ( or heavy american assistance in the place of those ) * . 
  that said , it 's a * very different * time from wwi & wwii . 
  we have an actual military alliance with europe now , we 're a vital member of the united nations * ( in comparison to the league of nations ) * and we garrisoned the fulda gap for damn near half-a-century . 
  we have huge military bases in germany and the united kingdom , soldiers setting up abm defenses in poland and fighter jets in the baltics . 
  all i 'm saying is it 's a whole different ballpark , but i do agree with you on europe having to learn to hold it 's own , especially with america moving away from it 's old europe-based cold war strategy with it 's * `` pivot towards the pacific/asia '' * . 
  it 'd have to be a immediate response else to much time will pass and tensions will build . 
  entire countries will mobilize and by then escalation is inevitable ; we 'd find ourselves in a nuclear war almost guaranteed . 
  at least with a immediate response you have hope of keeping it short , limited and decisive . 
  or at least that 's just my opinion . 
  it 's okay dude ; it 's not like we still demonize the germans for wwii * ( well ... most people do n't ) * . 
  the only problem i have is when some serbians act like the nato bombings were unwarranted and a war crime in themselves ; lambasting the collateral damage they caused and how much of a warmonger nato was for carrying them out . 
  or worse , saying that collateral damage from a bomb unintentionally falling on the wrong building is comparable to the deliberate slaughter of a group of innocent people based on ethnicity . 
  i mean , collateral damage is horrible , do n't get me wrong , but it comes with any military operation , and i believe the airstrikes were more than warranted and justified by events such as srebrinca . 
  we should 've done more actually , but eh ; it was better than doing nothing . 
   crimea recently . 
  i did not support putin 's actions at all , but you ca n't see me approving of eu/us condemning those actions because they do the same thing elsewhere in the world ( especially in the us ) . 
  yes , and america has made mistakes too .
