  the most important moments will be in the opening act of any conflict ; where both countries try to keep the engagement short and limited to estonia . 
  after that , it can go any way . 
  nuclear holocaust or no action at all . 
  but the one with estonia will be in the better negotiating position . 
  hence why power projection and the ability to immediately respond is so vital , and something the eu ca n't do without the united states . 
  western europe would be fine in a total war of attrition . 
  but the future wo n't be that . 
  it will either be short , limited decisive wars or nuclear holocaust . 
   well looks like germany and sweden have to sort this out , together with the other european nations and russia . 
  and i am sure they will . 
  so the us can pivot away to wherever it wants . 
  we will handle this . 
  yeah ... that would be great ... if it was n't for the eu 's incapability to project power across the baltic to protect countries like sweden , finland and estonia . 
   so either countries like you convince germany to up it 's military spending , and up your own military spending , and convince the other eu nations to actually integrate militarily and up their military , or just keep bitching ; which it looks like you 're actually pretty good at it ... instead of actually trying to find solutions ...  invasion of iraq , guantanamo bay , abu ghraib , invasion of afghanistan , cia black site , targeted killings , extraordinary rendition ... want me to go on ? 
  did ... did eu member-states not call for libya & mali ? 
  did ... did they not particpate in afghanistan and iraq ? 
  did ... did some of them not host american cia blacksites ? 
  and how does this have to do with eu member-states pursuing their national interests over the european union being better than america pursuing it 's national interests over the european union ? 
   nobody cares about the us wiretapping eu offices or merkel . 
  ( well maybe angela ) . 
  lulz yes they do , a fuck-ton do . 
   europeans care about the comprehensive ongoing surveillance of european citizens . 
  the deliberate sabotaging of security standards on the internet . 
  about a paranoid , out of control , unchecked nsa . 
  i listened to obama 's speech - it was a fucking joke !, 
  i agree , dragnet surveillance is fucked up , wrong and immoral . 
  it 's no different than the illegal fisa wiretaps of american citizens . 
  both are wrong and should be stopped , even if one is legal and one is illegal , both are indefensible and should be stopped immediately . 
  but let 's not act like european countries were n't eating up and cooperating with a shit-load of that , that sweden still does n't have the fra law & titan traffic database or that france does n't have it 's own mass surveillance system . 
  which is exactly my point ; but the value of it 's military preparedness should n't be underestimated nor ignored . 
  yes , i crossed it out and admit fully that i was wrong , so i apologize completely for that , but that does n't change the fact that european militaries are lacking extensively in power projection , which is vital when defending certain member-states in shitty geographic positions or carrying out operations like libya & mali * ( which were called for by europeans and in their own interests ) * . 
  i edited in sources to my original post to supplement and show this . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  but russia would have to fight tooth-and-nail because finland is prepared . 
  even though finland would probably lose , it would come at a cost . 
  that 's the deterrence , it 's what allowed switzerland to survive world war ii and why they probably would 've been one of the best off if the cold war ever went hot . 
  my main point is to ignore the military and preparedness is a foolish mood , even for sweden . 
  you do n't know how long finland could hold out , and you do n't know if your allies will be able to get to you in the time you can hold out now * ( i believe the estimate was 2-weeks ) * . 
  and my original guess was n't that finland would be the buffer state , but it would be the occupied state , and that sweden would be the buffer state with norway * ( after a russian invasion that set-up a puppet government ) * . 
  i do n't want this to be taken seriously , as it was just a fun mental exercise prompted by the other user * ( or you , sorry if i got it mixed up ) * . 
  yes , you could handle them , at a lot greater cost and in a much longer time , both variables work against you in any conflict with russia involving estonia or finland . 
  the european union just ca n't defend it 's citizens there , in a timely and decisive manner , without american support . 
  simple as that . 
  you lack the capability . 
  and vietnam was a loss of will . 
  the public will not support extended occupations , simple as that . 
  if you remember , the taliban fell in a couple weeks due to a couple hundred special forces coordinating northern alliance forces and air support . 
  iraq fell completely in a couple weeks . 
  conventionally we 'll wreck anybody , and any hypothetical war we 're talking about would be conventional , even if it 's short & limited . 
  also ... were n't many european countries in afghanistna too ? 
  lol and the scenario i 'm talking about is the other side unwilling to mobilize for total war and nuclear holocaust because it lost the short & limited war . 
  think of what would 've happened if winston churchill was n't there to keep the brits committed . 
  of course , you 're right , this could be faulty logic , but it 's the logic russia & china are working off . 
  the enemy is n't going to do what you tell them to do , that 's why they 're the enemy and war 's are hard & unpredictable . 
  they do n't work off your time-table . 
  as i 've pointed out numerous times before , it 's why china 's training and military doctrine revolves around short , limited & decisive wars . 
  it 's why russia calls tactical nuclear strikes * `` de-escalation '' * . 
  they 're not going to do what you think they should do . 
  they 're whole military doctrine revolves around what i 'm telling you . 
  as somebody pointed out , looking at it , perhaps russia would n't cut off gas completely to places like poland & eastern europe , but price it to such a extreme that it reaches almost unbearable levels * ( if not passes that ) * . 
  there 's plenty of evidence of russia having done this in the past or threatened to do it . 
  and i do believe you 're right about the diversion , but would n't that technically be illegal ? 
  since it 's still gazprom 's gas ? 
  or if not , would n't it sink relations between germany & russia and just cause russia to increase the price of gas to germany to avoid it * ( whether to the price that they ca n't even re-sell it or worse to the same price as the others ) * ? 
  that 's true , and i apologize for the mischaracterization , kinda rushing to reply to my messages , but yeah , i agree and we definitely need to reform legislation here so we see more value of that growth . 
  maybe not cut off completely , but increase the costs to a almost unbearable level , which there 's ** plenty ** of evidence of russia doing or threatening to do . 
  not to mention the potential security/intelligence threat it poses to sweden * ( and to be completely honest , the intelligence relationship between europe & russia has never been good , and the military relationship has been steadily degrading over the past couple months ) * . 
  this is great for germany , it 's in her national interests . 
  it 's not so much immoral as it is amoral , but keep in mind , this goes against the economic and military interests * of her fellow eu member-states . 
  * do n't sit here and act like the member-states of the eu are angels in comparison to the united states ; like they do n't put their national interests ahead of the eu at times . 
  the difference being , there 's a lot stronger relationship between them than them & the united states . 
  we 're not in a supranational union with ya 'll , only a military alliance , and than not even with all of you . 
  it 's more of a betrayal in my opinion , a deeper cut , than shit like the snowden leaks will ever be when talking about the us wiretapping eu offices or merkel . 
  i 've said before here , our social safety net is fucked , but that 's not because of our foreign commitments . 
  our foreign commitments actually help that shit because it ensures the united states dominant economic position * ( you think our relations with japan , south korea , the phillipines and europe would be so good without mutual defense pacts & nato ? 
  ) * and the usd as the world reserve currency * ( petrodollar is only a part of that , not it in it 's entirety ) * . 
  these help us grow our economy , which can help us , if we can reform the way our government works so we can actually see the benefits of that more . 
  it 's in our national interests to uphold our obligations to our allies , not a liability . 
  we have a lot of shit to change on the domestic front , but as far these things go , they 're justified and beneficial in my opinion . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  finland is n't in nato , america has no obligation to help * ( though we would ) * and the eu lacks the capability to help in a time-frame it would matter . 
  the goal here would be beating back russia from finland before finland falls , keeping the war short & limited , while avoiding total war if you can ; but the eu , without the united states logistical & intelligence support , is incapable of doing that . 
  so , it 'd end in something nobody wants , a nuclear stand-off with the chance of nuclear holocaust ... which is all good and well ... but remember * russia still has finland in it 's pocket , not the west * , so russia has a better negotiating position at the mutually-assured destruction table . 
  as i 've pointed out numerous times before , there 's a reason [ china has been training for exactly this ] ( http://thediplomat.com/2014/03/of-course-the-pla-is-planning-for-a-short-sharp-war/ ) and [ russia calls tactical nuclear strikes `` de-escalation '' ] ( http://thebulletin.org/why-russia-calls-limited-nuclear-strike-de-escalation ) . 
  whether finland & estonia or some shitty disputed island chain in the pacific , any confrontation between two powers with nuclear weapons will go like this ; short , limited & decisive wars . 
  not drawn out total wars of attrition like in the past . 
  mad has totally changed the way warfare is practiced . 
  and i would n't be too sure about that in sweden 's case . 
  china invaded korea to beat back the united states to south korea specifically * because * they wanted a buffer between them and the west . 
  and half the value of the old soviet satellite states was the buffer they provided against nato . 
  because nobody wants a nuclear war . 
  i never said it 'll be over , i simply said nuclear holocaust or the complete loss of estonia is that much higher . 
  i 'm not predicting what will happen after , just who will have the better negotiating position when it does happen . 
  and i am talking about a entire entity , a entire entity which could n't handle libya and mali * ( to a much lesser degree ) * without assistance from the united states . 
  you can have the best trained soldiers , the biggest army and most advanced technology ; but all of that does n't mean shit if you ca n't get your soldiers where they need to be and supply them with shit when they 're there . 
  and the problem with your quote is that it 's after the fact . 
  by this point , it would be total war , not limited war , and then it 's another scenario completely . 
  conventional weapons are out the door if estonia falls and it 's a nuclear stand-off , but russia still has estonia , so they still have a better position . 
  alright , let 's look at what happened in the first world war . 
  what happened again to neutral and unprepared belgium ?
