  uk 's deficit ( 4.4 % ) is high with a negative outlook and national debt ( 84 % ) is not very low either , so just purely on numerical grounds uk obligations should not be overrated . 
  the uk government will likely have to resort to funding itself with the printing press . 
  good . 
  credit rating agencies finally working in the interests of creditors . 
  it 's entirely possible with the current political climate that the uk will have the same sort of a government shutdown / debt ceiling carpet-bombed clusterfuck that reduced the united states credit rating . 
  schengen and the common market are not prerequisites of each other . 
  they 're not joining . 
  they want to keep their commonwealth system instead . 
  the current system has been a hybrid : there are border controls and work permits , but an eu passport allows access to be granted automatically . 
  i think any uk-eu deal will be an ad hoc , special case . 
  i do n't see the uk agreeing into any `` junior '' relationship because of their exceptionalism and great power ambitions , much like russia . 
  there are plenty of bilateral free trade treaties that do not allow free movement . 
  roi-ni will most likely be solved also with some special solution in analogy to eu-\u00c5land and eu-greenland cases . 
  the uk is not a member of schengen . 
  norway 's arrangement was preexisting , through the [ nordic passport union ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_passport_union ) which dates to 1952 . 
  nordic citizens have more rights that eu , eea or schengen citizens when traveling in nordic countries . 
  one particular example is the right to translation in correspondence with municipal authorities . 
  one icelandic citizen for example had her son at a daycare and the municipality had to find a finnish-icelandic translator to get the paperwork done . 
  when norway did n't want to join the eu , it would have been counterproductive to terminate this arrangement . 
  norway 's main objections had little to do with travel and more with fishing rights and the like . 
  consortium projects give more than just pure money . 
  they allow for significantly easier cooperation between members . 
  in top science , expertise in a particular specialist topic is found only in a handful of universities . 
  but since real-world problems are complex , a researcher needs access to many different kinds of expertise . 
  preferably primary funding time that you can use for open-ended research and not just one-off technical or analytical consulting service . 
  bureaucratic hurdles here means a difference between science and no science ( that 's my personal experience ) , and that 's what brexit will provide in abundance . 
  also , from a purely numerical ranking point of view , cooperation is a good way to get connections which result in more citations , improving bibliometric ranking . 
  drug and enforcement policy is a member state matter . 
  see how the regime varies within the eu . 
   i am sure there are people on the other side that say the same thing . 
  yes they do , they teach that in kgb training . 
  everyone is a potential enemy , including friends . 
  it was n't called an evil empire for nothing . 
  i was n't talking about russians in general , nobody asked them anything . 
  it was about putin 's ex-kgb circlejeck . 
  politicians are n't protected from accusations about their actions , no matter how much they 'd like to spin it as `` russophobia '' . 
  the west has only tried sanctions yet , but they have effects ; the russian economy is doing bad . 
  this is n't in western interest either , but russia being allowed to invade neighboring countries wantonly is less so . 
  those are pine trees on the opposite shore . 
   it will allow these corporations to somehow force the consumers to buy their product it 's called [ vendor lock-in ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vendor_lock-in ) and it 's basically the business model for many ict companies . 
  it 's a classic case of market failure : it benefits the individual capitalist in competition with another equally ruthless capitalist , but everyone loses collectively , including the capitalists . 
  i think the problem with this argument is the use of a the nazis as a bogeyman . 
  it 's a thought-terminating cliche . 
  dictatorships and autocracies exist everywhere , and they 're not all nazis . 
  of course it 's not good . 
  what is worrying though is that the russian government seems to live in its own imaginary propaganda world . 
  it looks like they 'll keep pumping hot air into their war balloon until someone can be arsed to pop it . 
  in other news , finland `` will invoke its sovereign right to guarantee its security with measures proportionate to the current risks . '', 
  [ ... close enough . 
  i think very few people would actively want to hate russia . 
  it 's just that it 's dangerous not to be prepared in a situation where their own political and military situation has taken a turn for the worse . 
  for this , you need military exercises . 
  soviets never understood how a democracy works and had all sorts of kooky conspiracy theories of how the american economy is actually controlled from a secret control center somewhere in the mideast . 
  unfortunately , it is this set of people that putin has chosen to promote , so bizarre thinking is expected . 
  they wo n't be understanding of any western peace and cooperation policy and wo n't respect it . 
  they half expect others to hate them , sort of like the '' [ keep your damn jack ! ] ( http://sites.jcu.edu/boler/2009/10/26/the-jack-story/ ) '' . 
  but they know what is military force , and react to that . 
  that 's an inherent feature of a public service . 
  it does n't generate profit and is not meant to . 
  many eu countries are actually perfectly capable of producing domestic programming . 
  it 's just that eu citizens would like to purchase series and movies in a regular , old-fashioned way and not have to sign a american eula that grants the right to monitor everything and sell everything . 
  that is something which is * new * in this equation . 
  this sort of assumes that pacts like ttip are in any way meant to promote actual free trade . 
  that would be good . 
  but they ca n't help attaching riders to give corporations new rights that * restrict * the freedom of the consumer . 
  the main reason the eu project worked was because the talk about `` harmonization '' was not just hot air : european legal traditions * were already * similar , and the differences could be ironed out in the most important parts . 
  but , copyright and intellectual property policy has been very different between different countries . 
  it 's not harmonization anymore , it 's more like legal imperialism . 
  digitalization gives the ip lobby a new chance to feed their shit sandwich to everyone , and they 're taking it . 
  but it 's not a rivalrous good . 
  cost of the data transfer only are pretty small and could be distributed fairly using peer-to-peer networking among e.g. 
  telecom operators . 
  pvc for example is n't good for burning . 
  rtfs . 
  it 's a composite of three exposures . 
  yes , this is one point that people miss . 
  recycling means that the material will go through several more rounds of wear . 
  each time , small pieces are broken off and the quality degrades with chemical breakdown and mixing in of waste . 
  so , in the worst case , recycling means more material wear leading to dispersion of waste and generation of more difficult-to-treat waste . 
  so , total recycling makes sense for materials that can be readily reconstituted in high quality at a cost less than production of virgin material . 
  lead is one of the best examples ; it 's 99 % recycled . 
  but for many plastics , you have issues with chemical degradation , lower molar mass , problems with sorting and mixing in of unwanted , difficult-to-remove materials ( consider a label glued or heat-glued to a plastic piece ) . 
  it can make sense environmentally to not recycle some materials . 
  landfilling them may be the best option . 
  asj stormossen is a pioneer and has been one since the 1990s . 
  the picture for the rest of finland is n't so rosy . 
  well it 's not like it would be efficient to use one of the most industrialized , most populated and most central regions of europe for large-scale forestry . 
  they 're bound to be essentially parks in a place like this . 
  the issue is n't that there 's a lot of valuable lumber , it 's that there 's a lot of valuable land for development . 
  now that it 's clear it 's not a natural development in any case , it 's also clear that it 's just a landscaping policy issue . 
  `` saving trees '' is n't what 's going on ; it 's that certain nimby/environmentalist groups want to mark their territory and keep certain tracts of land in * their * preferred use . 
  this generates a lot press but i wonder if anyone questions if their solutions are really the best . 
  the `` english style '' of solving this issue was that a nobleman owns everything and maintains a forest for private hunting use . 
  modern developers that want to build shopping malls everywhere are n't that good a replacement . 
  nor are corrupt modern governments . 
  a reason if any to restore feudalism ... 
  about 50 % of fresh phds go directly to academia as a postdoc . 
  there 's some bleed to the private sector after that , but still a postdoc is largely nothing else than preparation for academia . 
  the typical elimination capacity is about one standard drink ( 4 cl ) per hour . 
  that requires 16 of them per day , or 112 per week .
