  the thing is that ^ 235 u is scarce and needs to enriched in natural uranium , but natural uranium alone , mostly ^ 238 u , is n't very scarce . 
  a reactor that can burn ^ 238 u has a much larger fuel reserve . 
  edit : ^ 238 u converts to ^ 239 pu , then that is burned . 
  ^ 238 u does n't burn but its supply is the limiting quantity . 
  i think this modern blandness is exactly what makes it a very typical finnish public building . 
  yeah , this is hilarious when the city council alone can decide if a municipality is a `` city '' . 
  now you can travel in pohjanmaa and never leave a city ... 
  well , timber beams have that going for them ; jet fuel ca n't melt timber beams . ^ wood ^ does n't ^ melt ^ ba ^ dum ^ tsiihh, 
  well , this is a thing that was remarked about by an areva executive . 
  elsewhere , they just talk , talk , talk , decide it 's too utopistic or somehow politically wrong and then nothing happens . 
  instead , you make a contract , you get results . 
  that might seem like an utopia if you just read the headlines . 
  that being said , you might also get stupid ideas through , cases in point , talvivaara mine ( leak , then financial failure ) and the olkiluoto `` turnkey '' nuclear power power plant ( like seven years behind schedule ) . 
  well this is the trick , you do n't need architecture and other material means for it : it 's where finnish teachers excel at . 
  the thing is that also in the nordics , traditional wooden buildings that are no longer used are also often left to rot . 
  it 's not unique by any means , [ this scene ] ( http://www.vastavalo.fi/albums/userpics/20824/normal_decay_on_the_autumn_fields.jpg ) is common also here . 
  particularly , the countryside lost a lot of population because of urbanization and industrialization , so there was nobody left to care for the buildings . 
  the difference is that new wooden buildings continued being constructed . 
  not just in traditional styles , but with prefabricated insulated elements and other higher-tech methods . 
  it 's possible for example to have a prefabricated wooden frame decorated with a brick finish , [ like this ] ( http://d3ls91xgksobn.cloudfront.net/images/property/import/526/572526/83096bab1cf701cd65e15a470ff297f2/ef75c1a7ef865f393b0a8e1f3140a50a/mobile_medium.jpeg ) . 
  wood does n't have to mean `` log cabin '' . 
  it does n't decay naturally unless it gets wet . 
  heat - and pressure-treated wood can be even used in wet applications and exposed to weather . 
  the treatment damages the hemicelluloses so that microbes do n't have any easy food to hydrolyze and eat . 
  people might misunderstand the term `` unpaid '' here . 
  normally , visitors are unpaid , because they receive funding from their own institution . 
  for example , a visitor trainee sent by a corporation would be paid by the corporation , and a student that needs the internship to get mandatory traineeship credits can claim student benefits . 
  if none of these apply , only then a trainee can get a grant for living expenses . 
  it is 25 % of the salary of an agent , adjusted for local living expenses ( brussels = 1 ) . 
  it appears that people are complaining about unpaid internships not at the eu , but in lobbying organizations , think tanks , etc. 
  you 're probably thinking of oppenheimer , the manhattan project leader , who cited that after observing the first atomic test . 
  well , the article makes the claim that the recovery from corruption and economic growth resulting from integration are synergistic . 
  the difficulty here is that it 'd not easy to see investments that are never made . 
  never made because the investor thinks the country is too corrupt and his money will be stolen . 
  so you see only a few big companies able to deal with corrupt politicians and think that 's all there is to it . 
  in such conditions only very profitable businesses are even possible , and they tend not to be any good to infrastructure and society , benefiting only the local elite . 
  whereas , the eu is successful in improving transparency and making the countries investment-grade . 
  what is this obsession with `` bias '' ? 
  wired wrong ? 
  there is no such thing as an unbiased journalist . 
  you should be aware of that and not constantly complain about it . 
  even better , this is not written by journalist but by a scientist . 
  their job is to make novel claims that have a certain `` sting '' , so to speak : everyone does n't necessarily agree with them . 
  if they wrote only thing everyone agrees on , the work would be entirely meaningless . 
  do n't ignore the power politics . 
  much of finnish bureaucracy has been built on a social democratic mandate , while the current government is a straight flush of bourgeois ( non-socialist ) parties . 
  this is not bananaland so you ca n't just go and purge the state apparatus after one election ; appointed officials have very stable positions and you ca n't generally fire someone just because he got the job using the party membership card of your opposing party . 
  however , you can do `` reorganizing '' so that there are fewer positions and they are more easily controlled through your own party . 
  it 's an established phrase . 
  recently used by for example finance minister stubb on why finnish exit from the euro followed by devaluation is not a good idea . 
  look at the username ... 
  which last one ? 
  farage resigning ? 
  that was known already , he was meaning to but could n't . 
  the other way around . 
  a devaluation could make finnish exports cheaper for buyers . 
  unfortunately , it 'd steal money from everyone who imports anything . 
  the issues with the finnish economy are structural , not seasonal or cyclical . 
  a devaluation would be `` like pissing in the pants when it 's cold '' - you feel warmer for a while and then . 
  let 's also not forget that finland would become significantly more dependent on russian trade . 
  selling train rolling stock to ~ ~ soviet union ~ ~ russia may be v\u00e4yrynen 's wet dream , but it 's not for the people who work for or depend on finland 's export industries , much of which is dependent on eu trade and investment . 
  and to add , the polls suggest that the majority supports actions to improve the economy , even if it means immediate losses . 
  unemployment went up the in the early 1990s recession ( which was much worse in finland compared to the rest of the west , bringing the economy to the brink of a collapse ) and has n't really ever properly recovered ; it went down , but never reached pre-recession levels . 
  this 2008 recession has added new unemployment that has n't recovered either . 
  people are realizing this is not the time for petty syndicalism . 
  nok is overvalued , things are way too expensive for their international value . 
  your economy is an oddball anyway , trying to talk about diversified developed economies vs. oil sheikh economies gets you nowhere . 
  you know ecb devaluations are in the percents , and they concern the whole eurozone . 
  markka devaluations could be about 10-20 % at a time . 
  no , the regulations are more extensive . 
  pre-eu finnish agricultural policy was fairly supportive of small farms , and there were a lot of farms with something like 10-15 cattle . 
  today , those basically do n't exist anymore . 
  arrogance is not automatically a bad thing . 
  other people can be wrong and even a majority of them can be wrong . 
  this is why i have great respect for eurosceptics , the non-kooky kind . 
  they 're ready to point out if the other side does something stupid . 
  `` wrong opinions '' are absolutely necessary for a democracy . 
  in this election , the eurosceptic side won , but let 's not forget the 48 % who voted to remain . 
  any further eu-uk negotiations and british government policies related to them must not ignore the 48 % , since this margin is so thin that the next election can remove it . 
  currently , the uk simply does n't have a negotiating position because nobody is in charge . 
  personally , i think an issue as fundamental as eu membership should be treated as constitutional , and there should be controls to make sure it 's not done just on the mandate of a single party or coalition . 
  but the british must follow their own constitutional requirements and in this case it 's the queen in parliament who decides . 
  do n't ask me , ask the motivations from the people who make this policy of neutrality . 
  the finnish army is actually pretty much fine . 
  the air force is too small , the navy has been a subject of budget restrictions . 
  as for weapons of mass destruction , ballistic missiles and submarines , there are none . 
  neighbor ( and this is not estonia ) has enough to share . 
  yes , but there 's a high fixed cost in running a farm according to cap regulations , while the cap subsidy is based on production or area . 
  so , the fixed cost is not compensated . 
  this benefits large farms that can take advantage of economies of scale . 
  the miserable failure of western powers to prevent world war ii , particularly soviet attack on finland , and the feeling that american promises of security are vacuous and about as reliable as russian promises . 
  finns also still believe in a policy of neutrality : an alliance would expose finns to american/nato foreign policy failures while providing no benefit in case of war , and that an alignment against russia would increase russian interest in the region , countering and exceeding any gains made from nato . 
  also , many people believe that in nato , finland would be obliged to participate in american expeditionary adventures ( this is not true , but the belief sticks ) . 
  it is written on the [ king 's gate in suomenlinna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuninkaanportti ) : `` progeny , stand here on your own foundation , and do not rely on foreign help . '', 
  personally , i think it 's absolutely stupid and dangerous to attempt to maintain a policy of neutrality not backed by a nuclear deterrent . 
  it creates a power vacuum , and nature abhors vacuum . 
  i am pretty sure that many opponents of the eu are not motivated by careful economic calculations about costs and benefits - since if you do that , the result is that it 's better to stay : no customs border against most of trade partners , a stable currency that ca n't be shaken by another [ viinanen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iiro_viinanen ) saying this on tv and doing that . 
  instead , it 's the old moan about `` lords in bryssel '' . 
  yes , this is one thing to remember about soini and his party . 
  he 's not really comparable to racist/neo-nazi populists that create trouble in europe .
