  it costs a lot to build gas pipelines . 
  so if there 's only a little gas there 's no point in trying to recover it . 
  but the flame does n't produce that much light , it 's the regular electric lighting that shows on this map . 
  in old english there was no standard spelling in the first place , though . 
  and use a tortilla for the base . 
  the hungarians actually up and moved their whole country elsewhere . 
  multiple times even . 
  better yet , `` finland belonged to the soviet union '' . 
  gratis to the consumer , smartass . 
  if you 'd slightly edit it into `` imisei eess\u00e4 '' it could be estonian/karelian . 
  `` ihmisten edess\u00e4 '' in standard finnish , `` in front of people '' . 
  yes , but do you need to know about the visegrad group or the baltic assembly ? 
  they have a very high gdp , so % of gdp can be misleading . 
  the inner page has the word `` passport '' in eu languages , at least in the finnish passport . 
  they 'll just show his face and the enemy just quickly nopes out . 
  except who else is best in eating golf balls or the best in the family to avoid work ? 
  pick what youre good at !, 
  part of the problem is that the superpowers agreed there 'd be no nuclear weapons in small states . 
  that 's a political decision too . 
  also , it 's not like we get to choose . 
  americans can elect whoever they want , you have to deal with the consequences whether you wanted or not . 
  i agree that op is pulling numbers out of his ass . 
  but rtfop . 
   how would you design a low cost european army for 500b ? 
  it 's a question post , not a statement post . 
  fortunately you have a phd in military science and can reply to correct the misconceptions . 
  right ? 
  i am fully qualified , i 've read tom clancy !, 
  they need you at / r/shittyaskscience or / r/explainlikeimcalvin . 
  yes , but the damage from brexit and whatever hullabaloo trump will stir up with nato has n't been done yet for the most part , because neither has happened - yet . 
  so much of the reason for brexit was racism against immigrant slavs that it makes you doubt if an even more radical nationalist future government in britain would send their men to die into what they 'd consider a border skirmish between slavic countries . 
  likely ? 
  not really . 
  but security policy planning should n't be based just on the best-case scenario - you do n't buy insurance for not crashing your car . 
  what i mean is that because uk and eu interests do n't align anymore , the uk can be played against the eu . 
  uk and russia do n't have to be best friends for this to work . 
  a kind of a similar situation has happened before : the [ franco-british plan for intervention in the winter war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-british_plans_for_intervention_in_the_winter_war ) . 
  the uk was against the invasion of finland by the soviet union , but assistance plans came to nothing and finland had to deal with the soviets themselves . 
  this is a good example how the lack of european unity and complacency with respect to defence preparation led to disasterous consequences : the nazi-soviet alliance could raze half of europe to the ground . 
  also , brexit was if not organized by putin 's neoimperialist russia , at least very much in their interest . 
  they 've been supporting various nationalist and even neo-nazi organizations in the west . 
  first , there really needs to be a proper independent european nuclear force with theater and tactical ballistic nuclear missiles . 
  the u.s. does n't necessarily have any interest in defending europe anymore , so its nuclear weapons may be withdrawn or not used when needed - you ca n't rely on them if the u.s. and russia are allied . 
  the u.k. is also in russia 's pocket . 
  france is the only eu country armed with nuclear weapons , and it 's questionable if france would risk nuclear war just because some border country got invaded . 
  europe is really going to a gunfight with a knife . 
  as for where , russia 's main nuclear base is in murmansk : 2/3 of the strength of the russian navy is concentrated there . 
  it shows that according to russia , northern lapland ( in norway , sweden and finland ) would be likely the first flash point in a crisis : russia would occupy the area in order to prevent attacks on murmansk and allow them freedom to operate in the north atlantic . 
  thus , they could set up a naval blockade against transports from north america to europe . 
  military strength in this area is completely mismatched : russia has unmatched numerical superiority ( see [ this ] ( http://docplayer.fi/docs-images/40/4376360/images/page_4.jpg ) ) . 
  western thinking about this is extremely complacent ; there has been no political commitment and nobody is talking about this . 
  sweden has downsized its military so that they can theoretically only defend stockholm for a week , trump is going to undermine norway 's nato protection and finland has some strength but still too low spending per gdp , and their refusal to ally with nato reduces the credibility of their defense . 
  they 'd be easy targets for nuclear blackmail - or even conventional forces blackmail . 
  as for what kind forces are needed , russia has excellent tactical ballistic missiles ( iskander ) , submarines , chemical weapons , tactical and strategic nuclear weapons and attack helicopters . 
  the neighboring countries totally lack these , in addition to sufficient investment in air forces and other conventional weaponry . 
  it 's in principle correct but in actual medical practice you need a continuous blood alcohol level of 0.15 % , which is hard to sustain just by drinking - they use an iv drip . 
  methanol and ethanol are metabolized by the same enzymes , so that ethanol competes with methanol . 
  thus , methanol toxicity is reduced and it can be eliminated in urine instead . 
  but , synthetic blockers are better than ethanol . 
  that 's the point . 
  this juxtaposed against other immigration news makes it seem like satire . 
  i had to check if this is / r/nottheonion . 
  european countries ca n't deport multiple murderers but then swiss then do this . 
  one of the reasons articles are n't read much is the esotericism the closed publication model causes . 
  experts in orthotopology tend to publish only in journal of orthotopology , which is published by the society of orthotopology and open only to subscribers and members . 
  meanwhile a researcher in the related field of hypermystics finds the abstract but ca n't access the article , and the orthotopology country club stays exclusive . 
  this issue is subject to a network effect . 
  which is a function of how many articles you publish . 
  the h-index can never be higher than your publication count . 
  this is how professors can get 10 + points more to their h-index : they coauthor everything . 
  those things reduce gdp and cause contraction ( negative growth ) . 
  the best news here is the fall in unemployment from 27 to 23 % . 
  a 27 % unemployment is downright dangerous , wartime level . 
  any idea where the new growth came from ? 
  tourism ? 
  facebook replaces actual social interactions and makes people less happy , according to scientific studies . 
  people then pay for it through the price of the advertised product . 
  as for why people use , peer pressure is a bitch . 
  i 've been pressured to use facebook and whatsapp by many people and although i have n't yielded to the pressure , the majority of people would . 
  high share price does n't mean anything by itself , if those resources are taken from more productive activities . 
  cancerous tumors also have a lot of cells and spend a lot of energy , but the organism would be better off without them . 
  facebook is n't actually that good with advertising . 
  their trick is to monopolize a market . 
  monopols are of course profitable to their owners but the overall product would be higher in a more competitive market . 
  i do n't know why you 're conflating google with facebook because google makes services and products that are actually beneficial to their users . 
  using facebook is a net loss for the user . 
  this is why in north sweden the employment rate is high , salaries are near average and generally things are good . 
  there 's no reason for the idle to stay there . 
  in finland , there 's unemployment and many young people who have never had a job . 
  facebook does n't create wealth , much less prosperity or happiness . 
  it 's after all just a shitty ad service . 
  believing facebook to be good for the economy is subscribing to the fallacy of the broken window . 
  the world would be better without it . 
  the eu does n't have unchecked powers to `` kill corporations '' or `` ban cars '' . 
  only national governments have this sort of power and to get the eu to act the decision should be unanimous . 
  enforcement power is retained by member states . 
  it 's interesting to see how large the difference is between the countries . 
  finland is almost completely inhabited , only some national park areas in the north have no population at all . 
  more than half of sweden is largely uninhabited . 
  iirc 60 % of people living north of the 60 \u00b0 parallel are finns .
