  it 's because language is an inseparable part of the culture and when you destroy a culture you kill the language as well . 
  when the finnish-russian international border was established , on both sides people spoke finnish or the related finnic language karelian . 
  they lived in small villages where finnic was in the majority . 
  but in russia , there was ethnic cleansing and urbanization , so that russian was always spoken in the majority in the new context . 
  so no use speaking finnic anymore , and it 's dead within two generations . 
  finnish could 've died out as well if finland had lost sovereignity and people in cities would 've spoken the language of the conquerer . 
  it was too late for irish , cities were english-speaking , everything important was done in english . 
  it was modernism that got it banned in the first place . 
  why it 's supposed to be progressive ? 
  for example the finnish prohibition 1919-32 was the work of progressive parties . 
  it was the `` old bad reactionaries ' who got it repealed . 
  then again the option - with hot weather - is [ giant horseflies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tabanus_bovinus ) . 
  imagine a wasp or hornet that bites humans for blood . 
  this is about the right size and temperament . 
  now make it faster , more agile and able to avoid a routine swat , and make it more persistent than a regular horsefly . 
  these fuckers were such a nuisance that i had to take an electric flyswatter to a boating trip since when approaching shore , they 'd find us and make rowing impossible . 
  we 've had so much bizarre weather this spring that people probably just stop caring . 
  on this topic , we 've been treated with [ views like this ] ( http://static.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/mielenosoitusetu12092015ae_uu.jpg ) instead . 
  if i need to visit the uk some summer i 'll get this shirt custom printed for myself ... 
  well then there 's the other option , ` su ' for `` suomi '' , which was actually used in the dos command keyb : to set finnish keyboard layout you write `` keyb su '' . 
  u.s. state plates , on the other hand , mostly look like a 8th grade kid made them in coreldraw in 1996 . 
  finland is officially bilingual , so it should have both `` suomi '' ( finnish ) and `` finland '' ( swedish ) . 
  the common story was that it was changed to fin because people took `` sf '' to mean `` soviet finland '' . 
  this would be an association journal and they 're often high-quality . 
  but does the government want to enter the publishing business ? 
  i do n't see the political will . 
  there are many such journals but they 're generally low impact ( rarely cited ) , and not held in very high regard . 
  kind of , but they ( ps ) also compromised on eu , being soft instead of hard eurosceptics . 
  also police funding was cut . 
  in immigration , the government platform was implemented reasonably well albeit not perfectly , but this is more in spite of ps than because of them . 
  generally the problem was that soini & co. promised all sorts of things but did n't appear to do much . 
  only in certain fields like physics . 
  in chemistry , publishers generally ban this . 
  so it was the plan all along , having v\u00e4yrynen decide everything . 
  well played kgb ( or whatever they 're called now ) ... 
   could you imagine hakkarainen in the cabinet ? 
  better make him president , purely for the entertainment value . 
  there 's been silvio berlusconi and now there 's trump , another gaffe-o-matic ca n't be that bad . 
  also their presidential candidate nils torvalds ( father of linus `` linux '' torvalds ) is an old leftist . 
  there was also claes andersson who actually sat as an mp both for swedish party and left alliance ( far-left ) . 
  right . 
  either lienee luetaan or luettaneen , not both . 
  no s , no r , and \u0161 , t\u0161 , z , dz , \u017e , d\u017e or pf , or \u00fe or \u0111 were never there in the first place . 
  also , finnish riiuuy\u00f6aie , estonian j\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4rne ( same effect in finnish p\u00e4\u00e4-\u00e4\u00e4nenkannattaja ) . 
  sorry but i got only this far without fricatives . 
  try that in german . 
  a german-speaker has no business talking about a language sounding like a short circuit ... 
  no and no . 
  an international organization ca n't exist without the underlying nation-states . 
  the eu is not a federation and does n't have sovereignity independent of its members . 
  there is no eu army or eu police other than what is voluntarily contributed . 
  you did n't make a claim about you personally , you made a claim about russians in general . 
  better not ask if you do n't want to hear answers ; better not make an argument if you do n't want counterarguments . 
  but back to the original reply , it 's a joke and not a good one at that like 99.9 % of the internet . 
  someone taking offence of an internet joke about a country they do n't even live in seems farcical . 
  if you think finns , americans or ukrainians are n't made fun of , ** do n't ** . 
  this sort of victim complex is deliberately perpetrated by the current russian government . 
  they need to explain why things are getting worse while they themselves are causing it . 
  it 's odd how many russians trust and believe their government . 
  as for supposed anti-russian sentiment ; let 's not forget that for many eastern european peoples russian involvement has been actively hazardous . 
  this is not merely government propaganda but community , family or personal experience . 
  remember the `` freedom fries '' bullshit ? 
  that shows that in superpowers they have a * choice * whether to drum up war . 
  that does n't make every citizen of that state evil but does n't exactly inspire love and admiration either . 
  although , denmark is great with kids , with legoland , tivoli and a lot of theme parks etc. 
  there are statues of czars and even lenin in finland . 
  as long as it 's just history it 's fine . 
  example of it not being fine was the row over the soviet unknown soldier statue in estonia . 
  after the soldiers were identified then government decided to move the thing but caused demonstrations by people still identifying with soviets . 
  tar chili salmiakki m\u00e4mmi sounds like a great food dare . 
  i 've made also a modified screwdriver : salmiakkikossu with seabuckthorn juice . 
  tastes exactly like what it contains . 
  i just had to switch on the car ac to counter the heat from the sun while running windshield wipers because it was snowing . 
  there are `` mini-winters '' where it 's cloudy and snowing for only a minute and then it 's sunny again . 
  we also have a room with windows to two directions . 
  it was snowing in one and the sun was shining in another . 
  everyone gets ubi but only working people pay taxes . 
  when earnings are high enough , tax is higher than ubi . 
  and it 's not as hypothetical as you 'd think because many countries have an earned income tax credit . 
  and with ubi there 'd be a positive marginal income for doing so . 
  in the current systems in europe it 's often zero or even negative . 
  what 's the point of taking a two-week gig if you 'll lose the unemployment benefits over it ? 
  as a student i 've lived on 449 $ / month and it still requires getting study points . 
  in finland that is really small . 
  you do n't want to continue that any longer than you have to . 
  working on the side and during summers brought a couple of thousand extra which made things much more comfortable . 
  ubi will be about the same level if inflation-adjusted , so i believe it will be both viable and motivating to work . 
  that assumes the economy can just magically fart jobs for you if you `` just stop being lazy '' . 
  but that 's not at all what 's been happening in europe . 
  25 % of the youth in a country wo n't just suddenly become `` lazy '' coincidently with a global recession ... 
  why you think so ? 
  finland and netherlands are currently implementing trials , that 's current information whether you are for or against . 
  i would n't blame someone posting about macron 's victory for `` antinationalism '' either . 
  income-based unemployment benefits are already implemented . 
  the rule there is that you have to work something like two years before you 're eligible . 
  i could imagine it could be implemented like this : either citizen or enough work history in the country . 
  ubi should n't replace * pay * , it should replace * welfare benefits * . 
  it 's not supposed to be some hippie free for all bullshit . 
  it 's to recognize the fact that careers are becoming more and more fragmented . 
  bad math .
