  one liter contains 25 standard drinks . 
  so , 4.5 liters is enough . 
  never sober , never drunk . 
  that is all fine except that in some fields , open access journals are seen as low-quality journals . 
  they get bad impact factors and consequently serve as dumping grounds for stuff that does n't have enough potential impact to be accepted in a regular journal . 
  it 's somewhat of a chicken and egg situation . 
  edit : to clarify , i was specifically told not to publish in open access journals . 
  impact factors directly affect the government funding that the university gets . 
  however , it is now possible with many publishers to publish your article as open access separately . 
  the price is pretty high , though , and you still do n't get most of the journal - the university will still have to pay the subscription fee . 
  nobody would submit anything to such a journal . 
  has your article been ever rejected ? 
  it happens quite often . 
  most articles are written by doctoral students etc. 
  and it 'd be unrealistic to assume they 'd be perfect the first time . 
  the flipside is that the author or the authoring institution has to pay . 
  prices are about $ 500 usually ; rsc for example sells it at # 1000-2500 . 
  there 's the conflict of interest that it 's then basically a self-published work that the publisher benefits from only if it 's published . 
  there has been a profusion of shady `` predatory publishers '' that do n't do any real peer review - at least one that could cause a rejection . 
  so , the mandate to require open access has to have a mandate to require journal quality as well to prevent worsening of quality , and this is politically a thorny issue . 
  i was in turkey having a midday beer ( ie . 
  not even getting drunk yet ) and an about 40-50-year old english man tried to insult me and get me to fight . 
  like during his first beer . 
  it was just bizarre . 
  how is it that brits drink civilizedly something completely negligible like a beer or two and they act like they have had ten ? 
  it is not forbidden . 
  you only have to deliver a report to customs if they require it . 
  that being said , i 'd be less disgusted about a stranger licking something i 'll put in my mouth than * inhaling smoke from a smoldering fire on purpose * . 
  yes they are , for a while , because alcohol is cheap and the summer is longer . 
  finns do get stressed about interaction with salesmen etc. 
  and tell war stories about them . 
  the 12-pack of beer is known as the `` m\u00e4yr\u00e4koira '' or `` dachshund '' . 
  plenty of people `` take the dachshund for a walk '' on a friday night , but i once saw a tech student cart around a koskenkorva dachshund in a wheeled carrier along j\u00e4mer\u00e4ntaival like if it was a dog . 
  based on the attire ( some sort of a fraternity , could 've been tf ? ), 
  the dachshund was headed to a frat party . 
  the thing is , you ca n't buy a koskenkorva dachshund from finland , at least not at a reasonable price . 
  the only place it could 've been from was estonia . 
  remember that a big man drinking 1 liter a week is n't even necessarily an alcoholic . 
  ( do the math . ), 
  so this is just nine weeks ' provisions , and when you 're visiting estonia 1-2 times a year there 's plenty of time to empty those . 
  organizing weddings is the usual story . 
  then again some people seem to get married quite often ... no , the problem with customs is n't any personal consumption , it 's when restauranteurs buy alcohol for commercial sales avoiding the relatively onerous finnish regulations and taxes . 
  the only real far-right party of notice in finland was the [ lapua movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lapua_movement ) . 
  the defining feature here is rejection of democracy and support and practice of violence . 
  second , far-right parties reject equality and support outright racist , elitist and chauvinist policies . 
  that is what `` far right '' means ; it does n't mean `` nationalists '' or `` parties that i do n't like '' . 
  somehow i do n't see those old people at ps stands going to a library and stabbing people with a knife , which is what real far-right groups like finnish resistance movement do . 
  the [ blue and white front ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_and_white_front ) is the finnish member of the alliance of european national movements , which includes far-right parties in europe , such as jobbik , bnp and front national . 
  however , bwf has failed to get mps . 
  the finnish far right is n't even in the parliament , let alone the government . 
  i think it 's obvious what he 's talking about if he refers to a `` far right party in government '' . 
  violent , ideologically rigid neo-nazis like the [ finnish resistance movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_resistance_movement#finnish_resistance_movement ) are extraparliamentary in part because of their own choice . 
  i think old school nazis are pretty much dead , with some holdouts like seppo lehto , and they were always 1-2-man operations instead of anything that could be called an organization . 
  positioning [ muutos 2011 ] ( http://muutospuolue.fi/puolueohjelma ) is n't obvious , but their strong liberalism in some issues would disqualify them from being far right . 
  true finns is n't an exception to anything because it 's not a far-right party to begin with . 
  to say this is obviously politically motivated and willfully ignorant of its history , and the classification of parties in general . 
  the contrast with for example sweden democrats is obvious : true finns was a splinter group of the ruling center party , sweden democrats evolved from a full-blown neonazi organization . 
  in small streams emissions of seemingly harmless substances like potato washwater , milk , or in this case animal fluids can be pretty bad . 
  creeks like this are normally high oxygen , low nutrient environments . 
  nutrients make plants and algae bloom , die and rot , which consumes all oxygen from the water . 
  this kills all fish and other higher animals and turns the water body into a nasty smelly swamp . 
  water companies usually charge the emitter per nutrient per liter ( per bod ) . 
  the cheap way to avoid this is to dump it into the nearest river , but that tends to invoke the wrath of the authorities and big fines . 
  or should , if there is no corruption . 
  helsinki has been refusing nuclear district heating from loviisa nuclear power plant and prefers to burn coal in the middle of the city ( salmisaari and hanasaari coal-burning power plants ) . 
  they could decide otherwise . 
  besides , petrus pennanen , who was elected , has campaigned for pebble bed reactors . 
  this was the local election . 
  yes , municipalities ( swedish : * kommun * ) have say on immigration matters because they can receive asylum seekers and provide space for housing and processing . 
  it 's rare for them to refuse an opportunity to get more jobs to the municipality , though . 
  their existence relies on conflict and being a contrarian . 
  making compromises is a necessary element of finnish government formation , though . 
  they 've had the same issue before with pekka vennamo : go to the government and support drops . 
  incitement to hatred and blasphemy laws have been written so that they can be perverted for political purposes . 
  yes , blasphemy is still criminalized . 
  there 's no party ( at least a parliamentary party you can take seriously ) that would consist of people who deserve the convictions like [ seppo lehto ] ( http://www.iltalehti.fi/tampere/200805307727849_te.shtml ) ( made pages full of libel , slander and porn , associating it with the victims ) , pekka siitoin ( self-appointed reichsf\u00fchrer who committed arson against a printing press ) etc. 
  lefter than finnish left wing ? 
  unlikely . 
  but in an international context ? 
  they still support the welfare state , finland does n't really have a u.s. republican-like party that spins weird conspiracy theories about it , or a party of the nobility . 
  the universal basic income trial was one of this government 's ideas and they did it without the greens . 
  socially , ncp accepts very liberal positions . 
  ncp is also secular , republican and supports equality , which is not a given as far as right-wing parties go . 
  those who want to mix religion with politics go to the tiny christian democrat party , finnish monarchism was stillborn and everyone 's happy we did n't inherit anybody 's class or caste system . 
  they are actively trying not to . 
  cases hirvisaari , kiemunki , viinikainen ( that `` homosaatio '' guy ) . 
  racism is not a part of their ideology . 
  well it is for dogmatic leftists who think nativism and nationalism are racism and everyone who does n't unquestioningly support internationalism and anti-nationalism is a racist , but let 's not go there . 
  most of the immigration policies they support were in force still in the 1980s . 
  i ca n't stand them though because they 're cheap populists . 
  haha biased . 
  it 's a violation of intergalactic law to be biased on the internet . 
  not . 
  stop complaining about it already . 
  there is such a thing as democratic legitimacy . 
  lying is not inherently bad ; when you have a dishonest or hostile adversary there 's no need to tell him only exactly the truth in full . 
  a politician can lie every day and as long the people think he 's still doing his work for a good cause and the national interest , it wo n't matter . 
  but , a minority of americans believe this now . 
  there 's no predicting how usa will act , especially in a crisis . 
  trump 's lying is not the `` diplomatic tactics '' kind but the `` ca n't hold a straight thought in his head '' kind .
