  in finnish politics ministers have resigned for getting caught of one blatant lie . 
  this is fundamentally the problem with trump . 
  politicians that support his platform in europe have been punished by voters for voicing their support for trump . 
  trump is unpredictable and lies constantly , so it 's hard to guess what he well actually do . 
  but backpedaling with the healthcare reform is one example . 
  we do n't understand why you prefer a shittier system . 
  also , trump 's weird pro-putin stance is not well received especially in eastern parts of europe . 
  everybody expects america relations to deteriorate , because of possible trade wars launched on a whim , probable problems with border policies etc. 
  his anti-science and anti-climate stances are also irritating . 
  the problem with trump is that he 's just a ridiculous person ; even if you supported all of his policies he 'd be the wrong guy to choose . 
  it 's not a fascist or troublemaker/criminal party . 
  historically it 's a faction of the centre party . 
  the split dates to 1958 and it 's been in the government before as smp . 
  it has even immigrant members in city councils . 
  anti-elitism , euroscepticism , populism , statism and social conservatism define it better . 
  whereas many other populist parties have been straight up nazi parties at least in the past . 
  in the europarliament they allied with the ecr that includes for example the british conservatives . 
  in the u.s. they 'd be considered mainstream or leftist republicans , with less jesus and more statist socialism . 
  notice the '' ... this is not an absolution for the rest '' . 
  finns are guilty too , but the big brother complex with sweden , having to actually fight during ww1 and ww2 , soviet-caused finlandization and the apparent intractability of some social and poverty problems means that finnish parochialism is moderated . 
  if it exists it can be tempered by leftist idolization of sweden , depending on political orientation . 
  it 's far older . 
  your do n't get critical views [ like this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/17/weekinreview/were-rich-youre-not-end-of-story.html?_r=0 ) anymore . 
  ( the link describes the archetypal example of nordic parochialist self-aggrandizing . ), 
  seal hunters often just walked on the ice sometimes quite far , for example in the eastern end of the gulf of finland ( the east-west bay ) . 
  but , the ship route is kept open in winter with icebreakers because there 's constant traffic to the ports in the eastern end of the gulf of finland . 
  also there 's unpredictable pack ice and melted spots . 
  i still remember a year when there was an ice road between finland and sweden over merenkurkku , the narrow point in the middle of the gulf of bothnia ( the north-south bay ) . 
  in this picture there 's a huge crack in the ice near the swedish coast ( the deepest point ) . 
  it takes a record-cold winter to freeze it over completely , and it does n't stay too long , weeks or at most months . 
  also , in history , for example during ww1 the finnish j\u00e4gers evaded the russians by walking over merenkurkku to sweden , traveling to germany and enlisting in the german army to fight against russians . 
  iirc the same route was also used in ( premodern ) swedish-russian wars . 
  i would n't call it healthy . 
  it comes across as self-aggrandizing and parochialist . 
  especially regarding the danes , swedes , norwegians and \u00c5landers / swecomans , but this is not an absolution for the rest . 
  so kokoomus ( liberal conservative ) won which means sote is slightly easier ( healthcare reform ) . 
  currently most healthcare is directly produced by the municipality and funded through municipal taxes , mostly income tax . 
  sote would increase private production and allow people to choose the clinic , even for subsidized care . 
  ( well it 's not exactly free but the fees are about 30-100 $ per day at most depending on length of stay regardless of what was the operation . ), 
  currently people have to go to their assigned clinic or shell out the $ $ $ to go full private . 
  kokoomus has been pushing for sote to go as centralized ( to save costs ) and privatized as possible , centre party has limited the centralization ( to keep power in their hands as they 're often in the majority in municipal councils ) and social democrats have opposed the whole thing ( they hate privatization and want high taxes ) . 
  in an international context , helsinki is very dispersed . 
  there 'd be room for more construction but nimbyists and the ilk make it slow . 
  in a functioning market high prices would 've corrected the situation but this is not a functioning market . 
  cost of living is e.g. 
  25 % higher than in brussels which makes absolutely no sense . 
  it 's a problem when a rather basic , nothing fancy family apartment costs 300,000 $ , when you get a similar one for 100-150 ,000 $ in other finnish cities . 
  the whole reddit is like this . 
  try to post anything else than a pro-homosexual opinion and downvotes it is , for example . 
  people love their echo chambers and are unwilling to understand that different people really hold different opinions . 
  as for the topic ... the death penalty has a lot of support everywhere . 
  maybe the question to ask is what makes people feel so unsafe that they want to resort to the death penalty ? 
  ideological rhetoric or worse , hiveminding , will have zero effect on this . 
  on the contrary it will only make people dig themselves deeper into their foxholes because they feel their opinion is being ignored or suppressed . 
  indeed . 
  in nondemocracies people are weak , scared and can always lay the blame on their predicament on the state - because the state makes the choices for them . 
  democracy is not a form of government for the weak - it 's based on strong individuals . 
  this is also why it 's hard to export democracy - if the population is weak and scared , it takes only one strongman to steal the power in a coup . 
  the `` biased media '' is mostly a very specific political narrative to `` teach the controversy '' . 
  there is a difference between facts and opinion . 
  the media is not a public service or state organization , it is a private enterprise and is not * supposed to be * absolutely objective and opinion-free . 
  they should compete , there should be 10 different `` biases '' . 
  there 's something wrong with a democracy if you 're supposed to tune in on one channel and get only absolute truth from it . 
  kiinahan on helppoa !, 
  also , of the things elephants are known to do , slithering and molting skin in response to a change of direction of the wind are n't among them . 
  they 're the most common nationality among tourists to lapland . 
  in lapland ( where the germans went scorched earth in ww2 ) a pub had , or so the story goes , a sign that read :  tervetuloa  v\u00e4lkommen  welcome  eintritt verboten, 
  that 's a ready-made hyacinth bucket sketch right there . 
  neutral does n't mean defenceless ... 
  although , seriously , i 'd pay extra for a hotel that does n't accept finns on a drinking holiday . 
  this is an american site . 
  what did you expect ? 
  winner-take-all is n't intrinsically bad at allocating seats to each party in a large body like a parliament , if the underlying political system is pluralistic . 
  but that 's just the math . 
  practically , even very popular candidates can lose a seat , which just feels unjust . 
  examples : nigel farage 's and tarja cronberg 's loss of a mp seat despite considerable national-level support . 
  does n't work that way . 
  dnc and rnc have a lot of power that a coalition leader does n't have . 
  it 's relatively easy for a party to quit a coalition , but resigning from the republican or democratic party would be practically a political suicide . 
  in this case a democrat-green coalition would be likely . 
  then again neither the current republican nor democratic parties would exist in a proportional system . 
  [ in finland ] ( http://www.stat.fi/til/sutivi/2015/sutivi_2015_2015-11-26_kat_003_fi.html ) , 45 % used a voting advice application and 29 % read candidates ' webpages in 2015 . 
  since the share of these channels has risen since they became available , it 's expected to increase for the current election ( 2017 municipal elections ) . 
  in a proportional system you first vote for the party and a candidate second , so you primarily need to understand the positions of the parties . 
  watch the debates on tv . 
  many people just vote for their # 1 candidate since his votes will benefit the less known candidates as well . 
  use a voting advice application . 
  read their webpages . 
  study party platforms . 
  go to their campaign booths which they erect at market squares . 
  to be precise , the official driving license fees are 200 $ in total , but you ca n't get the required teaching hours without spending ca . 
  1800 $ to driving instruction . 
  thanks to the centre party and allied interests , there 's been a very deliberate effort to keep the whole country inhabited . 
  urbanization has n't progressed as far as in other countries nearby . 
  this is actually pretty nice in a way . 
  i read a book about a man who walked across finland ( also in winter , also rowed and cycled around ) . 
  he could find lodging , electricity ( for charging his mobile phone ) and a sauna even in rather remote places . 
  the only actually uninhabited part is the lapland wilderness and national parks . 
  eastern shore of lake inari north of nellim , northern enonteki\u00f6 , parts of inari and utsjoki . 
  gas is cheap , and often occurs together with oil .
