  his party has existed before there * was * immigration , and soini himself is a warm supporter of job-based immigration . 
  much of his party consists of moderate ideological eurosceptics . 
  soini is not a raving maniac , but a shrewd , amoral , cold and calculating career politician . 
  it is unlikely that ps will just flame out in one election cycle . 
  it 's entirely possible that a small farm ca n't clear all eu-related issues . 
  much of finland has been settled with very small farms , while much of eu law has been written in the interest of large-scale farming . 
  in finland , the number of farms has [ decreased by 100,000 ] ( http://www.kaleva.fi/mielipide/kolumnit/eu-nujertaa-hiljalleen-suomen-pientilat/53735/ ) in the last two decades . 
  then again , it 's questionable if it 's in general a good idea to give money to small farms just support someone 's rural lifestyle . 
  subventions ca n't be just a magic job-creating machine . 
  maybe it 's a good opportunity to do something about that huge trade imbalance with belgium and luxembourg , now that there 's a customs border between the republic of ireland and the uk . 
  let 's not forget that the eu did n't impose the sanctions against the will of the finnish government . 
  [ quite the opposite ] ( http://www.hs.fi/kotimaa/a1467352470417 ) . 
  no popular support for that . 
  not even close . 
  well , if scotland now becomes independent , michael gove is technically an immigrant . 
  also , boris johnson , he 's an american born in the the us , so another immigrant . 
  away with those [ !, 
  russian is n't even a difficult language . 
  aside from the writing system which can be learned very quickly , the language is about as complex as any other indo-european language . 
  the chinese language is n't hard by itself , it 's only its writing system which is hard to learn . 
  as for finnish ... learning the basics is harder , but it gets easier once you learn them . 
  english is pretty much the opposite . 
  i ca n't claim i know english well , even after decades of uninterrupted use . 
  you obviously have very little idea of how the eu operates . 
  eu is an international organization with a limited mandate ; it ca n't step up and start regulating something before there 's an international treaty that explicitly allows it . 
  alone , eu does n't really have a government - it has almost no executive authority - and implementation is largely left to member states . 
  the idea of `` eu abolishing sovereignity '' is something only a conspiracy theorist could cook up . 
  that is because international treaties are based on - and can be only based on - national sovereignity . 
  if you do n't want to sign a treaty , fine , you do n't have to . 
  see how multiple referenda have been used to block new eu treaties and now also to leave the eu . 
  most of what the eu actually does , as an organization , is related to agriculture . 
  decisions are taken by many other agencies , but their enforcement is left to member state competent authorities ( mscas ) . 
  there is no eu army , there is no eu police , or anything else that could directly enforce eu policy . 
  the only way to do that is by national authorities that get their power from national sovereignity . 
  as for the democratic deficit with respect to eurosceptics , it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  if there was more eu democracy , eurosceptics would hate it , as supranational authority . 
  if there was less , they 'd complain about how undemocratic it is . 
  english would be an excellent choice , because of the eu minus uk , ireland is the only country to provide native english speakers , of which there are ca . 
  3.5 million . 
  that is only 0.8 % of the population of eu-minus-uk . 
  this is true . 
  eu is built on democracy and national sovereignity , without them there 's no eu . 
  practically , it 's a pretty stupid decision given the difficulties it creates with trade etc. , and any new uk-eu deal is likely to be worse for uk than the current situation . 
  however , there has to be a possibility to make this decision , either way . 
  if it was not repeated , it would be a constant source of strife . 
  people can get very angry if their voice is ignored , and there 's no point in taking a risk like that . 
  do n't , or i 'll propose finnish !, 
  [ unquote ] ( http://europa.eu/eu-law/index_fi.htm ), 
  ai yump in tsoi !, 
  it 's `` he '' . 
  [ there are no girls on the internetz ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/025/079/nogirlsallowed.jpg ) . 
  not shitting you , i actually laughed out loud at this piece of news . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  this is theoretically a good point , but the reason it does n't apply very well to this situation is because young people overwhelmingly voted to remain . 
  very large numbers of young people get to suffer the consequences of the actions of old people . 
  i hope this vote teaches the british youth the fact that every time you do n't vote , you vote for the things you oppose . 
  because he profits from economic damage he makes to the economies of different countries . 
  it 's like disaster or war profiteering , it may be legal but completely unethical . 
  then again , people like this will always exist , and if it was n't him , it 'd be someone else . 
  pure capitalism is inefficient because it rewards unearned profiteering over earned profit ( i.e. 
  something that actually adds to economic development or growth ) , and overcentralization and private-monopolization . 
  the opposite of pure capitalism is n't socialism as many have been led to be believe , but well-regulated , efficient capitalism . 
  and soros knows it also . 
  you have n't worked in an international company , have you ? 
  they send workers to sites in different countries . 
  when you have non-eu workers there 's a lot more uncertainty and bureaucracy , even if the worker belongs to the desirable hardworking type . 
  also , it 's easy to forget but european countries are physically very close to each other . 
  it 's easy to cross through multiple countries with a visit to a place relatively near . 
  if you had immigration bureaucracy and border controls and customs at every crossing , that would be a waste of resources , not the still relatively small problems caused by foreigners who abuse the system . 
  also , there was free travel in much of europe already in the 19th century . 
  it was mostly the wars and dictatorial governments who set them up . 
   you 're going to need immigration to maintain current absolute gdp and status quo , maybe . 
  but is that even desirable ? 
  ideally , the population levels should eventually settle to a stable and indefinitely maintainable value . 
  also , because human lifetime is very long , it takes a lot of time for a low birthrate to substantially reduce population numbers . 
  for a fertility rate of 1.71 and average lifetime 80 years , as a first approximation it 'd take 80 years for the population to fall by 15 % . 
  meanwhile , there is a lot of demonstrated damage that a wrong immigration policy can do . 
  first of all , the argument nobody seems to consider is that the proportion of working employees per population is substantially lower in immigrant populations vs. native european populations . 
  adding them to the mix is like trying to extinguish a fire with gasoline . 
  that 's a purely economic argument . 
  even if the population decline could be mitigated by high-fertility immigrant populations , in the long-term , there 's no reason to believe that the fertility rate would stay high . 
  it just looks like immigration to deliberately increase population is a `` solution '' that gives you negative short-term consequences and little or no long-term benefits . 
  as for us finns , we seem to have no immediate problem since our fertility is reasonable , even if too low ( 1.71 for finland ) , which is higher than in much of europe ( [ eurostat source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7208372/3-15032016-bp-en.pdf/ ) ) . 
  i think that eu member state governments have been practical-minded . 
  it 's just that you have to have some sort of rules and laws that both parties agree on and which can be actually implemented . 
  law is like a car , you ca n't have the front wheels pointing in different directions just because you ca n't decide which way to go . 
  in this case , it 's totally within uk 's sovereign right of self-determination to limit immigration according to their own policies . 
  but then , a country either is in the common free travel area or is not . 
  it ca n't be `` sort of both '' . 
   light at the end of the tunnel . 
  it 's a train . 
  english is kind of obvious , because after norman french , english has been the language used in official contexts in england . 
  but that 's not universal . 
  in finland , swedish ^ 1 was used as the national official language until 1919 , ^ 2 even though it was a minority language , and most of the population spoke finnish . 
  ^ 1 other official languages used in finland in different contexts were latin , danish , russian and even old church slavonic ( pre-p\u00e4hkin\u00e4saari orthodox clerical bureaucracy ) . 
  ^ 2 the dates 1863 and 1902 for this are often given , but the 1863 regulation had a transition period of 20 years and even so it was not actually enforced ; and the 1902 regulation did not actually require the use of finnish except in local government , and in practice the national government worked in swedish . 
  it 'd be pretty stupid to pedantically stick to a rule that is questionable in the first place , given how many eu countries have multiple official languages . 
  most eu documents are simply written in english and no other language . 
  agents of the eu write new ones every day and it 'd be totally impractical to have all emails , all reports , all little communications translated . 
  what gets translated is official publications , which is a small subset of the documents produced by eu institutions .
