  probably cooler with smaller seasonal changes and a lot of rain . 
  the antarctic has a lot less landmass and that 's the effect there . 
  and finland and iceland apparently forgotten . 
  ( although you might count kekkonen as a king , no wait the king , he was more of a ` the ' than an ` a ' . ), 
  the parts that are clean , they are spotlessly clean . 
  most european places are happy with a little less extreme care in maintenance . 
  if you 'd have immaculate , perfectly rectangular lawns between the road and the sidewalk as in anaheim resort , of course it would be nice . 
  when a place is run-down , though , it 's really run-down . 
  i was n't expecting new orleans to be so bad in the center outside the french quarter . 
  it can be difficult to find `` normal food '' , it 's all either cheap fast food or expensive restaurants . 
  i had to buy some starbucks ultra-healthy-bullshit breakfast because the hotel breakfast was ridiculously expensive and diner food was , well , diner food . 
  or maybe i just did n't know where to look . 
  wall-to-wall carpet everywhere . 
  it 's an extremely corporate thing to my understanding , but in the u.s. you have it in homes , even in the kitchen . 
  highways are surprisingly badly maintained . 
  i was especially surprised by the signs about voluntary trash picking in la. 
  a lot of skyscrapers . 
  they 're cool . 
  many european cities have regulations that effectively prevent building them , at least in centers , which is a shame . 
  call me uncultured but i prefer new over old buildings . 
  lack of pedestrian walkways . 
  usually in here there has to be a walkway/sidewalk except in motorways . 
  ( to be fair , espoo is often quite difficult as well , try biking the alongside the stretch of ring i south of lepp\u00e4vaara . ), 
  slums are , well , bad . 
  also , you get asked money for nothing . 
  also , the only place where people have asked me for `` gas money '' or bringing me flu drugs from the pharmacy has been the u.s. , though i 've avoided undeveloped countries . 
  everything is built for cars , but also this means you ca n't find a big store within a walking distance . 
  and if you 're there for a week , you do n't want to rent a car . 
  i was looking for a pair of slacks from san diego center and found finally a very expensive tailor shop that sold me imported italian ones . 
  there were not big enough sizes elsewhere ( ? 
  ! , and i 'm not even fat , just taller than average ) . 
  also , in anaheim , the hotel directed me toward a local car rental that was a complete ripoff . 
  why the major chain would risk its reputation with such is beyond me . 
  i guess it would n't be bad to live if you found a good job and lived in a nice neighborhood , you could make money or cv filler for a couple of years , but the deal is pretty bad if you 're planning to stay or have kids . 
  i echo that sentiment . 
  propping up the economy with currency manipulation is a corrupt practice and readjustment to reality is n't pretty . 
  finland was in the ez from the beginning , but look at the history of markka . 
  first , it was pegged to usd and devaluated like once during this time . 
  but following nixon and the end of the gold standard , the peg had to be withdrawn . 
  then , the paper industry often asked - and got - a devaluation . 
  it was possible to build an internally weak , but very export-dependent economy . 
  then , some years of a failed strong markka policy , ending in the massive early 1990s depression , the worst since the great depression in finland . 
  the early 1990s recession was a relatively minor event elsewhere in the west . 
  fortunately we went to erm and eurozone before the nokia story . 
  that would have resulted in a massive revaluation with all the associated problems , followed by a massive devaluation . 
  we 'd still have an inefficient and noncompetitive nokia and not much else . 
  trump is a `` donald duck candidate '' . 
  people who are apathetic or hostile to politics in general have someone to vote for . 
  we 've had them too , the best example i can think of is tony halme ( rip ) . 
  they fizzle out quickly if given any actual political responsibility . 
  look at the boom-bust cycle of perussuomalaiset for example . 
  not scary but more of a nuisance . 
  clinton is just an unremarkable professional politician . 
  i think most of hillary-hate is machinated and not genuine . 
  do n't downvote people simply for telling their opinions on ask [ x ] subs . 
  but anyway , i disagree . 
  i think trump is simply lying when he promises to build a wall . 
  he 's just amorally fishing for votes , like the brexiteers . 
  i suspect that even if he intended to , he could n't . 
  430 km , because the program , because i did n't want to go to a second-tier rural university and most importantly , to live independently . 
  you do n't need massive amounts of cash because the rent was like 200 $ / mo and the student benefit then ( 260 $ / mo ) was small but still survivable . 
  you just could n't buy random stuff . 
  i still have no student debt at all . 
  contrary what you might think , customs and police have the power to inspect any good even if it 's from the eu , just as if it came from the same country . 
  the eu does n't mean `` no customs '' or `` no checks '' , it means `` no routine mandatory customs checks '' . 
  there is a [ directive ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/growth/industry/intellectual-property/enforcement_en ) that requires member states to enforce intellectual property rights similarly . 
  between two regular states , when a counterfeit good comes in , the customs intercepts it but does n't have jurisdiction towards the sending state . 
  the counterfeiting may be legal or illegal but the law is not actually enforced in the sending state . 
  between eu members , the crime is the same on both sides , and through police cooperation ( e.g. 
  the schengen information system ) the enforcement authorities can act on both sides of the border . 
  an eurodollar is an u.s. dollar in possession of a non-eu person or entity , so you can make all your dollars eurodollars by giving them to someone . 
  the critical difference between the eu and the usa is that the eu is an international organization composed of sovereign states , which `` donate '' some of their sovereignity . 
  there 's no common federal european law , only international treaties . 
  a member state can secede any time . 
  whereas , the united states has its own sovereignity which it can exercise independently . 
  the u.s. showed pretty unambiguously what happens when you try to secede in 1861 . 
  but would you call spaniards `` africans '' because they have african genes finns do n't ? 
  let 's not also forget the scientific racism that the swedes used to justify anti-finnish and especially anti-sami sentiment . 
  this `` mongolian '' thing does n't concern just a couple of percent of asian genes , it comes with a lot of baggage . 
   but special territories do n't turn countries into federacies . 
  erm , the * definition * of a federacy is a state with a special dependent territory . 
  spain is a federacy because of the canary islands , for instance . 
  finland is a large country , it easily takes two days to drive from end to end if you want to keep it comfortable . 
  in helsinki , you ca n't visit lapland if you just happen to have an afternoon free . 
  finns are n't `` asocial '' or `` depressed '' , it 's a difference in culture how things are expressed . 
  finns are polite by being indirect and not interfering with the personal space of another . 
  do n't ask `` how are you '' , it does n't get you the expected response . 
  stockmann is overpriced . 
  that 's how they make money . 
  students : nobody accepts isic cards . 
  then again , they 're so commonly counterfeit i do n't wonder why . 
  finland is technically a federacy , because the \u00c5land islands have special rights . 
  generally , finnish law is at force in \u00c5land . 
  the main difference is that they essentially get to keep their exclusively swedish-speaking , nativist `` nationality '' . 
  you ca n't buy property from \u00c5land unless you have lived there for 5 years or more . 
  you ca n't even sing finnish songs in \u00c5land schools , it is really swecomaniac sometimes . 
  police and authorities in \u00c5land do n't have to know finnish . 
  they still have to enforce regular finnish law , though ( it is officially available in swedish as well ) . 
  in some limited policy matters , the parliament of \u00c5land has powers , so most things relevant to daily life come from regular finnish law . 
  \u00c5land 's special status is mentioned in the constitution and governed by a regular act .
