  helluntaiher\u00e4tys . 
  most importantly , they have adult baptism , and that requires an `` uskoontuleminen '' ( coming to faith ) , which apparently includes supporting creationism due to biblical literalism . 
   exterminating 70-80 % of a population causes exactly that to happen . 
  it 's not an isolated population , but in continuous contact with the general north european population . 
  there 's no need to increase it . 
  bear hunting is a thing . 
  but so far , there have been only very isolated incidents of bears venturing into human territory , and as a rule they 've been shot . 
  hunting to instill fear of humans is the most responsible to thing to do to prevent conflicts that lead to calls for total extermination , and now environmentalists are having a hissy fit over a perfectly legal and appropriate issue of hunting licenses to do just that . 
  not all ethnic finns are lutheran , there is a small population of orthodox finns . 
  finns , as an ethnicity , has been always divided between these two sects . 
  a population of ethnically finnish orthodox christians from karelia ended up on the swedish side of the border in the [ treaty of stolbovo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_stolbovo ) in 1617 . 
  although persecuted by the swedish government , the church survived until 1809 , when the russian czar took sovereignity over finland . 
  russians promoted it instead of trying to suppress it , and along with fennomania , its ceremonial language changed from church slavonic into finnish in 1865 . 
  the church was given official recognition when finland became independent in 1918 , and is one of the two state religions today . 
  it was transferred to patriarchate of moscow in 1921 , but then transferred to the [ ecumenical patriarchate of constantinople ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecumenical_patriarchate_of_constantinople ) in 1923 to limit moscow 's influence . 
  orthodox christianity has been the ethnic religion of russian , karelian and skolt sami peoples of finland , but it 's mostly finns who are orthodox . 
  that does n't really affect the economy internally , but it can change the import/export balance and by this effect can indirectly affect the economy internally . 
  then again , the idea of the uk economy as an isolate is not totally realistic in today 's globalized world . 
   to exterminate the main predator . 
  there are for example humans , wolverines , bears and indeed , small numbers of wolves . 
  it 's not necessary to have huge numbers of wolves . 
  increasing the number of hunting licenses is usually enough . 
   they eat children not when given the chance but when food is short ( due to unrestricted hunting or a natural disaster ) or when inflicted by rabies . 
  and these are not fairy tales . 
  they happen . 
  it 's unacceptable to take an unnecessary and horrible risk that has no benefit to anybody , especially for purely conservational reasons . 
  worse yet , those making the decision ( environmentalists and the central government ) are not the ones who get to suffer the consequences ( the inhabitants ) . 
  the norwegians should decide on agricultural policy in norway . 
  not you . 
  it 's actually not bad . 
  it 's stalin , but not really stalin . 
  then again , i do n't see the point of a building `` fitting '' to its surroundings . 
  one of the great things about helsinki is the architectural insanity . 
  right next to the orthodox cathedral , you have a white modernist building resembling a giant grating , then you have a 19th century merchant 's house , etc. 
   damn dude , you got some kind of specific hate of wolves . 
  not really , i just hate communists and greens ( within limits ) , because their ideology rests on forcing their worldview on the whole world , disregarding national sovereignity and fitness to local conditions and culture , and usually even protection of the environment . 
   read your study again . 
  just with a pair of glasses this time around . 
  now go ahead and read 11.1 or page 12 section 7 . 
  funny how we can take the same study , page 41 , and find material that i agree on . 
  it concerns how you should view a wolf - a dangerous predator but one that can be managed - and how measures can be taken , * including * hunting . 
   wolves are only really a threat in folk tales did you read appendices 2-4 ? 
  it 's all historical . 
  they eat children if given the chance . 
   it 's more productive and less invasive to have gigantic factory farms take care of everything like in the us . 
  you 're doing a pretty simple mistake , trying to make norwegian agricultural policy instead of who it belongs to , to the norwegians . 
   the main reason people tend to congregate in cities in the first place is to be safe from predators and invaders . 
  the main reason people congregate in cities is because the jobs are there , and because people are born there . 
  also , the nordic countryside is not infested with predators and bandits , and we 'd like to keep it that way . 
   selective breeding would given the chance eventually solve the problem anyway yeah , that 's called hunting . 
  and that 's exactly what the norwegian government just authorized . 
  just look at the map . 
  norway is a relatively small country , basically just a coastal region west of the mountaintops . 
  it has long borders with finland , sweden and russia , all of which maintain a wolf population . 
  60 may sound small but a wolf has a big range , and it 's not supposed to be too high to avoid attacks . 
  furthermore , hunting is essential . 
  there 's not going to be a healthy self-managing ecosystem in central germany . 
  too high population density . 
  it needs active conservation and management . 
  leaving the situation unmanaged will result in gr\u00fcnders razing it all to the ground to build something on it . 
  probably the same logic why each u.s. state gets two senators , be it rhode island or california . 
  what 's the problem with this approach ? 
  establish national parks and have the wolves or lions roam free there . 
  they do n't have to live on human-managed territory , which is not in its natural state anyway . 
  * any * number is not something for me , or you , to decide , since neither of us lives in norway . 
  the norwegian government decided 60 is enough , idk if it 's enough but they 've certainly consulted multiple parties and stakeholders . 
  the reason humans must manage the ecosystems is that without management and regulation , they 'd be largely destroyed or cause trouble . 
  for example , without wolves , there has to be moose hunting , or the moose population goes down . 
  the current inability of the government to manage the population does n't mean the population is inherently unmanageable . 
   it is n't that age any more !, 
  the animals themselves , though , are the same as before . 
  there will be wolf attacks again if there 's not enough hunting and management measures . 
   table 9 . 
  summary of wolf attacks on humans . 
  and it says specifically that it includes all wolf attacks , regardless of the cause . 
  and i do n't think hybrid or rabid wolves are an excuse not to list an it as a wolf attack , a death is a death . 
  that 's what the report specifically says . 
   also , you do n't `` induce fear of humans '' by hunting . 
  no , you do . 
  page 12 , section 12.1 , \u00a7 4 . 
   table 11.1 there is no table 11.1 . 
   utterly retarded well there we have that conceitedness again . 
  you 're working hard to prove my negative preconceptions about environmentalists right . 
  conservation management measures should be enacted by 1 ) legal means , 2 ) with consultation and preferably agreement of the local population and 3 ) without outside influence that ignores the needs of the local population . 
  i do support * limited * conservation of predators . 
  but the problem here is that culling them is opposed on principle : no matter how many hunting licenses the norwegian government issues , the international animal rights activists wo n't be happy with any other number than 0 . 
  it 's a game you ca n't win . 
  the winning move is not to play it with them , and continue correct conservation management procedures . 
   sorry but i do n't trust rural people that 's what i need to hear . 
  you start with the assumption it 's all a fraud , and it 's impossible to convince you otherwise , even though your theory is a petty conspiracy theory . 
   as i said , i 'm still waiting for proof that a wolf has been responsible for killing anyone . 
  the norwegian government commissioned [ a study ] ( http://www.nina.no/archive/nina/pppbasepdf/oppdragsmelding/731.pdf ) about this , which includes only the most reliable cases . 
  the number of attacks fell to 21 in a 50-year period as opposed to 350-400 ( table 9 ) when wolves were still widespread . 
  it 's not zero , and what is keeping it so low is the effort to limit the population and induce fear of humans by hunting . 
  those policies should be continued , as the norwegian government is doing , not stopped as the environmentalists would like . 
  also , more importantly , you ca n't just go and force , from outside , a policy that everyone hates . 
  that 's indeed not a scientific question , but it 's politically stupid to not take that into account . 
  for the record , i 've never lived in wolf country , and that 's exactly the reason i want to keep the decision on what to do with them with those people who do . 
  that 's not self-centered , that 's neutral . 
  some outsider coming with various political agendas has no particular right to force the locals to conserve or not conserve wolf populations .
