  also , i respect norwegian sovereignity : these decisions have been made by the norwegian parliament and they have the sovereign right to manage wolf populations with the methods they see fit . 
  foreign environmentalists have no right to interfere , and i doubt even an environmentalist living in oslo has much legitimacy to his claim either . 
  i think it 's ridiculous to accuse facebook of censorship . 
  they 're not a newspaper , public platform , a public space , a government agency or a service provider . 
  they 're a private advertising platform . 
  no shit , an advertiser wo n't put your favorite picture in * their * ad pages . 
  you have no `` rights '' on facebook , such things never existed and will never exist . 
  particularly , there 's no right to free speech . 
  also , there 's no incentive for facebook to engage in debates , those carry no profit . 
  what would be `` censorship '' is that the u.s. government banned the napalm girl photo and coerced facebook not to publish it . 
  that 's what censorship is . 
  it 's not a private website owner managing his private website how the hell he wants . 
  the thing is that the farmers did n't decide this alone , it was decided on the authority of the norwegian parliament , which has , by sovereignity , all the rights there can be to make this decision . 
  the problem with this article - and most other articles you can find now - is that the point of view of the norwegian government is not represented at all . 
  [ here ] ( http://miljodirektoratet.no/no/nyheter/nyheter/2016/september-2016/47-ulver-kan-felles-pa-lisensfelling-i-norge-i-20162017/ ) is the official news . 
  it says they considered the berne convention , and found that the issue of a limited number of hunting licenses is an adequate tool for controlling wolf numbers . 
  it 's not like they 're trying to actively kill all wolves indiscriminately , there 's a defined hunting season to ensure the population can reproduce . 
  so you hate rural people . 
  good luck trying to convince them to follow a policy that actively hurts their livelihood and may actually kill them . 
  this is exactly the kind of conceited `` city-green '' activism that never fails to cause conflicts . 
   i 'd like to see a single ( proper ) article that says a child has been killed . 
  so it 's the `` safety by autopsy '' method you prefer . 
  that 's reckless and inconsiderate . 
  when wolves were widespread - up to the early 20th century - there were quite a number of attacks on children . 
  it 's unheard of * because * the wolves have been hunted so extensively . 
  losses of reindeer are significant and do increase the price of reindeer meat , as explicitly said in the article linked . 
  honestly ? 
  i do n't care . 
  i do n't live in rural norway . 
  but i believe in the [ principle of subsidiarity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsidiarity ) . 
  this is a local matter , the locals have the right to deal with it as they like . 
  it 's not a global matter , since the gray wolf is under no threat of extinction whatsoever . 
  you ca n't compensate for a child killed by a wolf . 
  and i do n't think there 's any compensation for dogs at all . 
  that is what 's been under discussion in finland . 
  well that 's my point . 
  this is exactly what irks me about this . 
  if you 're asking what 's the best possible solution to solving a problem in a rural province , why ca n't you ask * the inhabitants * first ? 
  here , somebody on a really high horse from the capital makes the decisions . 
  or worse , someone abroad who has never lived anywhere but in a city . 
   scandinavian enlightenment thing haha . 
  you 've never seen scandinavian parochialism . 
  that can get intense . 
  i am absolutely sure that 99 % of those signing it live in cities and will realistically never encounter a non-urban wild animal . 
  how self-centered you have to be to assume you can make these decisions for others , and if they do n't agree , they should just move out . 
  wolves rarely attack adults , they kill dogs and children . 
  the only reason wolves even fear humans is because they 're systematically hunted down . 
  there 's no need for wolves : humans can deal with the moose and deer population by hunting ; the license limits are completely artificial and arbitrary . 
  what remains is the animal rights argument , which is clueless because there are massive numbers of wolves in russia . 
  yeah but if the animal is a pest or otherwise dangerous , i do n't see the problem . 
  this is one of the issues with conservation of lions in africa : they 're a cool thing to photograph for the rich western activists who have enough spare time to spend it on worthless causes like environmentalism , but for the poor local population lions are a dangerous predator that kills the livestock they subsist on , and may starve if their only cow is killed . 
  it 's not your decision and never was . 
  getting to decide is a luxury only possible for the citizens of a superpower that can just go and attack any country it likes . 
  self-defence is not an instance of being `` owned '' by someone else . 
   fighting a war is that is assuming you can choose it . 
  if you 're not into invading countries , you 're not going to be able to choose it . 
  liberalism and republicanism is n't inherently so great that all foreign powers accept it as is . 
  they 're ideologies like any other and require that they 're put into practice with force if necessary . 
  this is the mistake that small-country pacifists make when they pick up ideas from superpower-citizen pacifists : they assume war is something * they can choose * . 
  but for a small peaceful country , war is something you can never choose . 
  it 's forced upon you by hostile powers/superpowers . 
  you 're right to get seriously creeped out by the american `` thank you for service '' because most of the time they 're not exactly defending against an invasion of the continental united states , but to see the military as inherently bad is , in my opinion , equally criminal and idiotic as seeing all police , teachers or firemen as bad . 
  they 're not there for situations that you can control and make ethical judgements . 
  they 're there for the situations when everything goes wrong and you 're personally powerless to prevent it . 
  starting the training when the war is on is too late . 
  that the fighting is done with conscripts limits the use of fighting forces to pointless adventures which are the bread and butter to purely professional armies . 
  at least in democracies . 
  and national defence is not something you can choose . 
  the idea that you could decide to go to war based on personal convictions comes from superpower/colonialist thinking . 
  you ca n't choose if your house gets burglarized either . 
  but you can prepare against it . 
  as opposed to you * and * a big percentage of your family and friends . 
  if the invader goes full stalin , there would be about two times as much people executed and thrown into nameless graves by the invader as soldiers killed in the war . ^ 1 even in the best case , there 'd be some ethnic cleansing and forced population transfers at minimum , to deal with `` unfriendly '' peoples . 
  1 ) source : concerning the winter war , historian teemu keskisarja estimated in the series * [ pime\u00e4 historia ] ( http://areena.yle.fi/1-2654515 ) * ( yle , 2015 ) that if the winter war was lost , stalin would have executed ca . 
  200,000 people in addition to the 93,000 already killed . 
  about time . 
  once trump is elected president , there wo n't be any guarantees of defence against russia from the u.s. , not even that the u.s. will be on the same side in each conflict . 
  ( of course , hillary could be elected , but you ca n't make security plans that have only a ~ 50 % probability of working . ), 
  a military force is like an insurance , it does n't benefit you in any way and only costs money when you do n't need it . 
  superpowers/great powers can rely on a paid army or mercenaries exclusively , but that 's not the case for small , unsupported countries . 
  but inexplicably , european countries have been slashing their defence budgets and ended conscription . 
  even before , conscription was half-assed in many countries ; it was really easy to avoid and most did n't go . 
  that sort of defeats the point of being a mandatory citizenship obligation . 
  how idiotic would it be if 90 % of people just did n't pay their taxes and had no repercussions from it ? 
  yes , the military is not for everyone , but the national defence obligation is . 
  ( in practice , that would be work service during war . ), 
  but i agree with / u/nico2845 . 
  the fact that something is * proposed * by someone does n't mean it will happen . 
  from the article it can be seen that only lithuania is currently doing something about it . 
  for the rest , the current state of affairs will likely continue . 
  then european countries are exposed to embarrassing scenarios like when the austrian air force could n't prevent warplanes coming from the yugoslavian side of the border from using its airspace . 
  if you want to cook up something , for example , a hostile foreign power bordering poland could cut polish shipping and prevent much of foreign trade with a naval/air blockade during some dispute . 
  but when this happens it 's too late to reinstate conscription - you need several years of warning . 
  because there 's no doubt that it will lead to recession in the eu and even worse recession in the uk ? 
  it 's one of those ideas where the downsides are immediate and severe , while the supposed upsides are nothing but a pie in the sky . 
  haha you should look at finnish governments . 
  everyone is ready to cooperate with ( almost ) everyone . 
  extreme left with right-wing ? 
  [ fine . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lipponen_ii_cabinet ) three right-wing parties normally trying to knife each other in the back ?
