  but whatever man , its your country . 
  everything is america 's fault . 
  assad killing his own people ? 
  wahhhh why did n't america do anything !? 
  help those fighting assad , wahhhh america is trying to destabalize a region and create terrorist groups . 
  catch 22, 
  i 'd love to talk about other stuff , unfortunately this is the most pressing issue right now so its a hot topic . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20051214/2683 like i care anyway , stay clueless , 
   germany without love is a germany without remorse my great uncle died fighting against a germany without remorse , lets hope we do n't see anything like that again and this all gets worked out for the best . 
  i fear my time on / r/europe will soon be at an end, 
  here you go http://www.gatestoneinstitute.org/5195/sweden-rape and another https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime, 
  no but you will find that certain ethnic groups commit a disproportionate amount of crimes, 
  native europeans do rape i fully acknowledge that fact . 
  now will you acknowledge that there a disproportionate amount of rapes carried out by people of certain ethnic groups ? 
  i doubt it . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  everyone is a refugee now . 
  welcome to germany , 
  so nothing then, 
  same dude, 
  so true, 
  well at least you acknowledge your hypocrisy . 
  hopefully this will be a turning point for you :-), 
  so what would you do then ? 
  oh and by the way you left conveniently left out all the other countries listed as part of the coalition on that wikipedia article to suit your agenda . 
  you 're not fooling anyone . 
  i do n't care who is on assads side , he should be brought to trial eventually once isis have been dealt with . 
  or would you prefer me to say that assad should be left alone so that you can once again point your finger at eu/us when he starts gassing his own people again ? 
  so that 's a yes then . 
  gaddafi who was responsible for lockerbie bombings and sponsoring terrorism across the world . 
  saddam responsible for gassing his own people . 
  shame about assad but its turns out the people fighting him are as equally murderous and he actually might be the lesser of 2 evils until isis is eliminated . 
  what should we do now ? 
  well the uk already pumps more aid to syria than anyone right now so we should keep helping fight isis as part of the coalition while keeping the aid going to the charities helping the refugees whilst also taking < 10000 christian assyrians that are being persecuted by isis , that 's what i 'd do . 
  of course they left it out , it does n't fit their agenda . 
  oh enlightened one , please explain to us peasants about what the eu ` actually is ', 
  why are you avoiding my question ? 
  are you saying that gadaffi , assad and hussein should have been left in power to abuse their own people without any intervention ? 
  yes or no ? 
  as far as i can see the uk ca n't win either way , at least we tried to do the right thing . 
  if there was a news report next week of assad gassing a whole city i bet you would be the first one on here blaming the uk for not doing enough to stop him . 
  your hypocrisy is unreal . 
  and again , you fully endorse leaving saddam and gaddafi in power to commit crimes against their own populations . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  wahhhh my opinion is the only valid one everyone else is stupid wahhhh ( heres a relevation for you honey cheeks , you are actually the ignorant one ), 
  so we should have let gadaffi and saddam continue to abuse their population and commit crimes against humanity ? 
  glad you cleared up your position on the whole thing . 
  i 'd be interested to hear your take on this whole situation, 
  assad killing his own people and you are saying we should not do nothing ? 
  i bet you would be the first to point your finger at the us , uk and canada for not doing their humanitarian duty and removing him by force if isis did n't come along to give every a new bad guy to hate , of course isis is also our fault no doubt . 
  your hypocricy knows no bounds . 
  islam by its very nature is anti me so i am anti islam . 
  label me an islamaphobe all you want . 
  i would feel very worried about the safety of my gay brother if i lived in an islamic country . 
  he aint wrong, 
  i heard its a nice state , always wanted to visit atlanta . 
  sadly this is probably true . 
  it will be their undoing . 
  lord fedora has spoken, 
  beyond belief, 
  the entitlement is staggering, 
  seems germany are waiting to welcome them with open arms . 
  they wo n't have the same luck at calais however . 
  i just read a stat that 1 in 10 ` refugee ' women are pregnant . 
  can someone explain how ` refugees ' fleeing a warzone are able to even think about having kids ? 
  has the extra cost of these babies been factored into the cost that germany released ? 
  just one of the cards they can play , the guilt card . 
  the bbc ran an article the other day where they followed a syrian refugees journey to germany , the refugee they picked was the most attractive syrian girl they could find , not one of the 100 's of the dangerous young men you see rioting in places like budapest . 
  they are pulling out all the stops it seems . 
  ( found the article http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34118978 ), 
  can we compromise ? 
  let us bomb and drone , we 'll stop invading ? 
  deal ? 
  your government does , and will sail you down the proverbial shit creek without a paddle without a second thought to alleviate that guilt, 
  it 's all our fault , have n't you learnt yet ? 
  i voted ukip and i support the sd but there are genuine racists/nazis in both parties no doubt about that , just need to weed out the looneys so we can have a sensible discussion, 
  i 'd be glad i was austrian if i was austrian . 
  this is so funny it 's unreal , keep accepting them germany and watch everything burn around you . 
  we tried , see rhodesia , it failed . 
  and go where ? 
  thanks man this gave me hope , its either all going to burn in ashes or we will take back our nations for ourselves . 
  we ca n't let one immigrant tarnish the name of all we must help as many as we can and should open the doors to all, 
  stop what ? 
  care to explain to me as a person who ca n't afford a house ( and probably wo n't for another 5 years atleast ) on this crowded island how migration from the eu benefits me ? 
  and he 's not a racist . 
  grow up . 
  just the kind of person we should resettle in the eu as soon as we can, 
  i can only assume hes being sarcastic, 
  thinking about doing the same thing to be honest, 
  great stuff . 
  heading over to / r/vandwellers now and reading the sidebar , my chances of ever affording a house on this island are non-existent at this rate . 
  \\  greentexting on reddit, 
  `` people not fighting for islamic state are cowards '' says people not fighting for islamic state this is the logic of these parasites, 
  no doubt . 
  i guess most people have n't experienced what you described and so are oblivious . 
   sweden is very safe compared to almost all countries . 
  people tend to forget that . 
  for how much longer ? 
  because he is being ` urged ' too as per the topic headline, 
   i hear this complaint a lot but i 've never really experienced it .
