  i do n't think english culture has been hurt by the large amount of muslims there now not yet but in the areas they congregate you can see it . 
  muslims placing razor blades under sports fields in dewsbury for example so people injure themselves when playing sports . 
   england is more liberal than it 's ever been , gay marriage was passed recently and muslims did n't stop that only because there is n't enough of them  i do n't think muslims will ever be a threat to english society . 
  wait til they hit about 25 % of the population, 
   black people shared a religion with christians and they sure had an easy time integrating with americans right ? 
  sharing a religion does n't necessarily mean you 'll integrate better . 
  what are you waffling on about now ? 
  are you referring to slavery ? 
  immigration ! = slavery . 
  african slaves were n't even christian they were animists . 
  this will be the last comment i reply to you about because you are simply too stupid to continue conversing with . 
  i am trying to steer it that way , the way i 'm doing is that is by voicing my dissent over an influx of those who i feel bring harmful ideals to my country . 
   i 'm talking about more than just decades . 
  the romans , anglo-saxons , picts , scots , normans , vikings , none of them were indigenous english yet they are the foundation of your culture . 
  you think tea is something really british ? 
  just another foreign food craze that got assimilated . 
  yes they were invaders which have now left the mark on this country they did some bad shit , they did some good shit . 
  i bet at the time the natives population , did n't like it , just like now as a native i do n't like the idea of some of the bad shit that could occur as a result of this immigration ( or invasion if you are classing it that way ? ) . 
  are you expecting me to bend over and take it based on historical examples such as the viking invasion ? 
   what do you define as natural evolution of culture ? 
  so slow that you are n't personally annoyed by it ? 
  evolving with the times , taking on good values , rejecting bad ones . 
   today we 're fine with homosexuals , yet this is actually a massive betrayal of britain 's christian cultural roots ( and do n't forget , bringing in the middle-eastern christianity to britain was an extreme shock in the 7th century , but apparently ok by now ... ) . 
  it would make anyone from the past think we 'd lost our morals and had betrayed our heritage . 
  yes and histrionically this ( seems ) to have been a great move . 
  are you saying that we should embrace shariah law as in 700 years time it might be a good thing ? 
   you and i will almost certainly feel uncomfortable about whatever morals our decedents have , whether it 's encouraging suicide , sexualizing minors , or the institution of sharia law , we just do n't know what it will be except that it would be strange and unacceptable to us today . 
  all those things are bad things you 've just listed . 
  if our descendants thought that sexualizing minors was a good thing then collectively we have taken a step back . 
  the only thing i 've garnered from this post is that you expect me to roll over and accept whatever is going to happen . 
  perhaps i 'm just an idiot . 
  because they share a religion with the majority religion of these country 's ? 
  the same reason i ( as a british resident ) would integrate better in new zealand then i would in papua new guinea ? 
  what kind of argument is this you are trying to present ? 
   because your culture is already a mish-mash of various other cultures that all adapted/copied/evolved / fought each other to blend it into the state that it is today . 
  yes over the course of many many decades and these different cultures always assimilated in small insignificant amounts . 
  also pre ww2 migrants to the uk for the most part shared similar cultural characteristics such as religion . 
  only post ww2 has this changed and we are now seeing not only large numbers of immigration but also large numbers of people who have varying degrees of common cultural traits with the native population . 
   freezing an idealized version of what you perceive your culture to be at one moment in time is impossible and i do n't see why it would be desirable either i do n't expect it to be frozen . 
  i expect for it to evolve naturally as it had done for many century 's prior to ww2 , mass immigration and ghettos in places like dewsbury is not natural evolution of english culture . 
   a brit brought 80 years into the future to today might be appalled at all the homosex , yet that particular aspect of british culture was apparently allowed to slip away without too much regret . 
  my brother is gay and so i 'm glad that this part of english has evolved and been allowed to slip away . 
  sorry whats your point ? 
  are you saying that if i was transported 80 years in to the future i would be wrong if i was appalled that shariah was the state law in the uk ? 
  wahhhh they write stuff i do n't agree with . 
  shit man that was n't zante i was in ? 
  was more wasted than i thought . 
  still though , what a wordly holiday , roll on #magaluf 2015, 
  i love foreign culture but i also love my culture . 
  why do i have to replace my culture or adapt mine to suit others who are coming to live in the country i was born in ? 
  when i watched the opening ceremony on the london 2012 olympics i remember thinking to myself what a lovely array of different cultures was on display . 
  the traditional costumes , the flags , and i 'm sure a lot more that unless you travel extensively we do n't get to see . 
  saying that there are some bad parts about certain cultures , and i , and many others in the uk do not want these bad parts of certain cultures being imported and brought into conflict with mine . 
  another thing that annoys me is people seemingly trying to water down my culture and implying that it 's something that can be easily cast aside . 
  ` english culture is all about getting drunk and smashing shit up ' . 
  is that so hard to understand ? 
  if this makes me racist then put me on a fucking donkey and parade me as an imbecile . 
  you are right , that is a good price . 
  when do refugees become economic migrants ? 
  whos paying for them ? 
  the fuck are you babbling on about ? 
  i know the feeling mate . 
  do n't care where someone was from as long as they come in manageable amounts and are willing to adapt to the host country 's way of life . 
  yet i 've been called racist etc for questioning if the influx of refugees we are currently seeing is a thing we should embrace openly . 
  conservative is a relative term, 
  if me and say 200 people and up and left the town i live in the uk and say went to a town in nigeria and decided that we 'd like to settle . 
  would they suddenly be ` xenophobic idiots ' if they wanted us gone , probably not in your mind . 
  myself and the 200 i am with would be foreign imperialistic invaders . 
  and let me guess , you would like to dictate the terms of what you consider to be a ` realistic conversation ' about issues like this . 
  you are literally a mirror image of those you label right ring extremists and you are to stupid to see it , comical . 
  your an idiot if you believe that ukip is some kind of neo nazi extremist right wing party . 
  before you start trawling up articles from the past that a few of their members have said i 'm talking about their policies and their manifesto which in my opinion was the most sensible out of all parties in the uk election . 
  the left like to label anyone who does n't want to welcome all refugees with open arms as nazis . 
  and so its now its our responsibility . 
  lovely . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-opens-its-gates-berlin-says-all-syrian-asylumseekers-are-welcome-to-remain-as-britain-is-urged-to-make-a-similar-statement-10470062.html how am i wrong fool ? 
  if cameron did this it would be political suicide i 'm sure . 
  you think conservatives are right wing ? 
  not yet they are n't , if this continues then who knows . 
  angela merkel seems to have taken these findings to heart and is doing her best to stem the decline by allowing all refugees the right to live in germany . 
  you are aware that there is a reason we are seeing you able men in this first wave is because they will eventually bring their families over right ? 
  they broke the law , they are criminals . 
  deal with it . 
  these people are criminals , simple as . 
  you would n't yell ` he took my stereo ! ', 
  in sarcasm as a thief broke in to your car and robbed your shit . 
  which is why he will never win an election if he becomes labour leader . 
  excellent , finally the government is doing something . 
  why are these refugees not heading to qatar/saudi arabia where they have more chance of integrating ? 
  or ... heres an idea / u/galuzer ... the government finds way to incenvitize starting families amongst the existing population rather than slowly replacing it . 
  you expect people to act civilized as they are slowly replaced by a foreign culture ? 
  the governments wo n't listen to what people are telling them . 
  they just blindly plow ahead with their policies . 
  hence growing right wing support . 
  barbury castle https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbury_castle it 's not as impressive as some of the well known ones but its pretty old, 
  nice shilling but no, 
  * tips fedora *, 
  ca n't tell if being sarcastic or not, 
  mods are deleting comments pointing out that this once again was an attack in the name of islam, 
  hahaha,
