waiting for the crime statistics overlayed on a map of where the majority of these ` refugees ' end up settling . 
  pretty much, 
  i 'm just waiting for the crime statistics over the next year or so in relation to where these ` refugees ' end up . 
  prepare for rape , killings and theft . 
  good luck dude, 
  yes i have indeed . 
  i 've just read my local football team ( swindon town ) will be holding ` welcome refugees ' banners at our next home game , i am going to get involved if i can . 
  i am  we should help as many as possible , 
  lets let them all in and find out , 
  and if we let more of them in as per the trend we have already seen in places like swindon , they will continue to make up more and more of the crime % statistics . 
  but hey , i hope you open your home to a refugee family , best of luck to you , i admire your steadfast compassion . 
  well , they are , so maybe you can explain it why they are more likely to commit crime . 
  are you simple or do you want me to spell it out for you ? 
  how much of the swedish population are immigrants ? 
  i actually support taking david cameron 's latest policy on taking some refugees from the un camps in syria , but whatever . 
  of course white people commit crimes , where did i say they did n't ? 
  i just think its not a good idea to be importing people that are more likely to commit crime . 
  welcome to the reality that is happening on our streets, 
  please do get started . 
  tell me how its all my fault . 
  why would they open them ? 
  europe is being shamed into taking them . 
  i wonder if the un high commissioner will be personally housing some of these refugees , share the load and all that . 
  this is exactly how i feel , the media are constantly telling me to feel ashamed and to feel guilty , the fuck did i do to anyone ? 
  i 'm just an average guy who is trying to save up for a house and wants to start a family which is looking increasingly unlikely . 
  haha awesome, 
  there are dark dark forces at work right now, 
  have n't you heard op , its all the eu/us 's fault so we deserve to take the fallout . 
  germans killed my great uncle in ww1 and almost killed my gran in ww2 , as she was walking home from school a german low flying bomber tried shooting her , where should i send the bill for the devastation they have caused to my family ? 
  russia is invading the moon !? 
  ww3 soon guys !, 
  does this sound like the kind of people that would be adaptable ? 
  i 'd abandon expecting any sense from any labour politicians at all . 
  i made my mind up to vote to leave after the greece fiasco . 
  ama ? 
  fund it . 
  1500 a month is more than i earn working full time, 
  and how are you going to sell that to the working class who are having to fork out 5x their year salaries or more to afford a house ? 
  this is exactly what will happen lets no kid ourselves, 
  and what about the poor working class who ca n't afford a house on this island , why do n't they deserve a free house . 
  us and some of the eastern countries , hungary for example . 
  remind me which countries are arming isis ? 
  thats right turkey and saudi arabia . 
  why do n't you go and bitch and moan about those countries and ask why sa have n't taken any refugees . 
  so true, 
  human trafficking business is booming, 
  i 'd abandon the bbc if i were you . 
  they ran an article over the weekend following a syrian refugees journey . 
  oh by the way , she just happened to be the most attractive female refugee you have ever seen , there is an agenda at play in that organisation . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  merkel has invited all syrian refugees to germany . 
  just like that poor asylum seeker that beheaded a swedish couple in ikea right ? 
  desperation drove him to do it . 
  lucky for you your wish will soon be granted , 
  sounds like slow genocide to me, 
  in my eyes its complete madness , genuinely looking to get off this continent while i can . 
  i really believe the next 10-20 years will be marked by an increase in violence in europe . 
  call me a pessimist or racist or whatever , i do n't care , its what i believe . 
  i am really scared for my future to be honest , i truly believe that in 10-20 years time if people find out i am anti-immigration then i will either by physically harmed or exiled from society and not be able to get a job etc. 
  yes the governments of the eu have certainly provoked this situation , but its the people like me who will suffer in the end , i do n't intend to be around when this whole thing kicks off , must get out when i can . 
  and when did the queen last make a law ? 
  the queen has no real power , eu commission basically runs the eu , and hes the president of it . 
  do n't present this as an argument its laughable . 
  oh it will continue , germany is green lighting the human trafficking trade . 
  expect more and more to make the journey . 
  consequences ? 
  immigrants will form communities within communities and then violence will ensue as seen in places like malmo . 
  the thing * i find funny ( although funny might not be the right word , perhaps so beyond belief i can only laugh at ) is that this man , an unelected official mind you , is calling the elected president of hungary a dictator . 
  hahahaha . 
  you get one of those smiley face stickers that you can scratch and it smells like strawberries . 
  ah of course . 
  its us and france 's fault , how could i be so naive and stupid to forget . 
  send more refugees our way guys , it was our fault all along . 
  we fucked up nearly 100 years ago . 
  the hypocrisy is unreal , who the hell is he to tell us who we should take and how many we should take , i bet this guy lives in a gated community in some upper class suburb . 
  yes , its a civil war as a result of the arab spring . 
  please show me evidence to the contrary and that the eu caused this civil war , i await you reply . 
  enjoy your quota  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a03c912c-521d-11e5-b029-b9d50a74fd14.html#axzz3kg5k9und, 
  are you saying that the syrian civil war was caused by europe ? 
  it 's just the media playing the guilt card , its become very apparent to me the last 7 days that they have taken their guilt invoking propaganda to the next level . 
  we did n't start the war little man , its not our responsibility to fix your country . 
  10/10 thread, 
  yes we are so racist that we give by far the most aid to syria out of the eu countries . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/10570726/syria-crisis-how-does-britains-aid-donation-compare.html  britain 's # 600 million makes it the second largest national donor to date after the united states , which has contributed just over # 1 billion . 
  it is by far the biggest donor in the eu , having pledged almost three times that of germany , the second-largest donor , which has donated # 204 million to date . 
  this gave me a good laugh at work . 
  nice one . 
  enjoy your immigrant quota :-), 
  how about helping your own poor and needy . 
  fuck this life i want off this ride asap, 
  fence building business is booming , i picked the wrong trade . 
  i heard that icelanders want to house them in their own homes . 
  perhaps that would be more to their liking ? 
  why should there be ? 
  you want them , you can have them . 
  do n't think you can bully your neighbors again , remember what happened last time . 
  this will somehow end up as the us/eu 's fault . 
  what a total load of horse shit . 
  have some downvotes . 
  400 this year , 600 the next , 1000 the year after , within 10 years you will find your town unrecognizable and will be a ghetto like certain neighborhood of malmo or dewsbury in the uk .
