  rightly so http://www.thefederalistpapers.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/bpnbqri.jpg.pagespeed.ce_.2osi2e-3radfi-ljkxfj.jpg, 
  africa has produced a surplus of people and is now exporting them to europe , that 's what this mostly boils down to . 
  i support slovakia 100 % on this matter, 
  that may be the case , but importantly for the welfare of the slovak people its the smartest thing to do . 
  how does someone with no sailing experience and no boat , get into sailing ? 
  the only evil brewing in sweden ( and has been brewing for a very long time ) is the successive governments shafting their own people year on year while giving hand over fist to immigrants . 
  there is always hope, 
   ` than they should ' sorry who are you to tell us how many refugees we should take ? 
  it 's risky and its a very dangerous line to tread , but what choice are people being given ? 
  this rampant immigration is going to continue on with the current political establishment at the reins . 
  the people are not to blame , its those in charge that have led us to this point and are forcing people to take the risk of voting in nationalist parties . 
  mine also , this multicultural nightmare which has seen ghettos crop up in places like malmo and dewsbury has to come to an end . 
  will this finally get the immigration levels addressed by the other parties ? 
  or will they still blindly plow ahead with their current policies ? 
  grenade attacks weekly in malmo , rape gangs operating in the uk . 
  swedes getting stabbed in ikea . 
  christians getting thrown overboard on their way to italy . 
  i understand perfectly well klaus . 
  sorry i 've just reread your initial post and clearly i ca n't read properly . 
  yes migrants from the eu seem to contribute to society , which is of course a good thing , but it 's silly to just focus on economics , there 's the social impact of mass immigration . 
  non-eu migrants are a different story and i believe heavy restrictions need to be enforced on non-skilled non-eu nationals entering europe . 
  that uk article you are referring to is complete bullshit by the way . 
  its been debunked as garbage numerous times . 
  they basically want everyone of european heritage replaced with anyone but europeans , whose the real racists ? 
  tears at you mug, 
  and why is that ? 
  and yet you probably think that whites settling africa in the 19th century was a bad thing . 
  tell me what the difference is . 
  they were not, 
  sd seem like the only sane party . 
  i mean i do n't know much about swedish politics but they seem to be the only ones looking out for indigenous swedes . 
  optimus will be overjoyed, 
  well that 's a separate question and i 'm sure one a lot of greek people are asking , does n't excuse how the eu behaved towards the greeks though . 
  yea i guess us peasants should just keep our mouth shut and let our betters decide how we should live . 
  there was a complete lack of humility from the eu and a lack of sensitivity to greek national feeling . 
  to me it seemed there was a degree of strong arming and bullying of a country which realistically can never repay its debts . 
  quotes like this in particular from martin schulz highlight this :  ( greece ) `` risks a collapse of the medical system , power black-outs , and an import blockade '' if the greek people voted ` no ' in the referendum . 
  also i believe this man stated that there would be no talks unless the democratically elected government of greece was replaced although i ca n't find the quote . 
  agreed, 
  no i do n't , i do n't think they should have been allowed in the euro in the first place . 
  however how they have been treated in the last few months by the eu has been disgusting . 
  are you for real ? 
  joining the sinking ship that is the ` euro ' is the last thing we want . 
  thank god we managed to keep the pound . 
  if we go the whole thing comes crashing down, 
  i 'm glad they will listen to it , the eu is a failed project, 
  whats the end game of the eu ? 
  that 's right , a federal europe being run by people we do n't even vote for . 
  i for one do n't share this vision and most people i work with and speak to share the same opinion as me . 
  seeing how greece was treated recently sealed it for me . 
  called democracy fool, 
  watch malmo closely . 
  this is what you can expect in every diverse city in europe in the next 10-15 years . 
  and this is why we should have very real limits on the numbers of muslims entering the eu . 
  i shudder at the thought of living in a muslim majority country . 
  can we just say a prayer for the youth of greece , the future looks very bleak indeed for these people . 
  we are too soft on these fucking parasites, 
  not gon na sit here and argue with a cretin like you . 
  just know that you are a goon and kindly fuck off . 
  wahhhhhhhhhhh he does n't say what i want him to say wahhhhhhhhhhhh fuck off idiot, 
  stay mad fool, 
   w-what colour p-pants are you wearing mr juncker ? 
  haha juncker looks like a teacher and farage the naughty schoolboy, 
  translated as ` we do n't like the result ' the hypocrisy is hilarious . 
  strong arming the greeks has n't worked until now . 
  what makes them think this time will be any different ? 
  [ i 'm not sure guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8yra-gvufi ), 
  england : what you said . 
  is that not world wide ? 
  sorry i used the wrong phrase , i meant multinational, 
  we just should n't get involved at all unless its part of a worldwide coalition, 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't . 
  major props to these locals . 
  what kind of reaction has there been from the locals ? 
  lots of flower/wreath laying etc ? 
  exactly , he has no idea . 
  what racism is that ? 
  i doubt they would want to join this shit show, 
  voted no because i think its the lesser of two evils, 
  i 'm all for the uk to help get these people out of italy but i ca n't accept a single one being allowed in to the uk ( unless legally processed as a genuine refugee etc ) . 
  what options that leaves i do n't know . 
  eu ! = europe, 
  i really doubt if anything will ever change . 
  i mean if people are not outraged enough that their children are being raped up and down the uk then i do n't think anything will . 
  can we do the same in the uk please ? 
  it 's refreshing to get your point of view , i have a problem with islam as i feel as a movement it will have a negative impact on europe , that does not mean i want people like yourself evicted or something silly like that , but i feel that there needs to be some serious discussions about how we deal with the increasing influence of islam in europe . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , i would genuinely feel unsafe if i was a citizen of a muslim majority uk , i do n't think the muslims currently living in a christian majority uk right now can say the same . 
  mods have an agenda evidently, 
  rightly so, 
  unfortunately sweden will give them citizenship and then they are free to go wherever they please . 
  ` the drive of your life ' - ign 10/10, 
  they are trying to destablize tunisia , turn it into a place they can spread their cancerous idealogy . 
  coming soon to a town near you, 
  wait , what ? 
  what the hell is going on in malmo ? 
  anyone local care to explain ? 
  still left is n't it dickwad , you are the one denying they are left when they are clearly the more left out of the two big political parties in the uk , anyway fuck off now insect , your incompetence makes my head hurt . 
  no that was the edl you fucking idiot . 
  i 'm just going to stop replying to you because you clearly are a clueless , gormless imbecile . 
  thanks for trying though bud , and by the way your link shows labour on the left , thank you for proving my point ,
