... the metaphorical sword that divides families . 
  how about reading the whole quote ? 
   what they 're doing is n't illegal though since we do n't live in a police state . 
  people are allowed to hand out pamphlets on public property and they 're allowed to wear stupid vests if they want . 
  actually , they got arrested for doing that shit in germany, 
  thilo sarrazin was definitely branded a racist by pretty much every critic in the country . 
  he had to resign from his job and he had to leave the social democratic party, 
  good riddance, 
   the kind of neckbeard libertarianism that you 're advocating here does n't even gain a significant amount of votes in the us and it definitely would n't have kept the party alive here in germany . 
  but copying the green party somehow would have kept it alive ? 
   liberation theology is essentially communist at least that 's what the * critics * of liberation theology said about it . 
   this guy would like to stop government funding for free research though . 
  but this has nothing to do with him having a phd in theology - i 'm not saying that the guy is awesome or anything like that , i 'm just saying that a phd in theology is n't a bad thing . 
  he could still be a shitty minister , but he 's not a shitty minister just because he has a phd in that field . 
  and what exactly does having a phd in theology have to do with believing in pseudoscience ? 
  you do know that ministers of [ whatever ] are often not people who are educated in that field , right ? 
  they do n't need knowledge of the field , that 's what their staff and consultants are there for . 
  they 're politicians , not experts . 
  they 're there for the political aspect if the job . 
  they do n't have to be experts in the field . 
  that 's the job of the people working for them . 
  also , what difference would it make if he had a phd in , let 's say astrophysics ? 
  would that make him qualified to decide which biological research to fund ? 
  what 's wrong with having a phd in theology ? 
  my mom has an ma in theology , is that bad too ? 
  the crown is part of the official coat of arms of hungary , so it 's kind of a symbol for the country, 
   the guy basically is a religious sect leader getting paid shit tons for nothing besides being a political/religious symbol/statement the pope does n't receive a salary , and he 's the head of an organization working towards bettering the world , for example , by providing more schools and more hospitals than any other non-governmental organization . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tktcw8xgqte ) is a nice video of him entering the stadium where he celebrated mass, 
  eh , sweden will gladly take them, 
  no , my point is that we should abolish marriage, 
   so now the million dollar question , if two guys get married , how does it affect you ? 
  people who get married get benefits tax payers have to pay for . 
   this fucking guy hid a pedophile priest that is until this day unnamed because of the church 's actions . 
  why did n't the police arrest him then ? 
  sounds to me like there 's either no evidence or that the justice system is at fault here . 
   if you think i 'm being naive , then what , am i supposed to just stare at these incidents and say , huh , they 're doing that . 
  better not hold it against them because diddly-hoing is unpreventable . 
  who are `` they '' ? 
  i 'm calling your views naive because you seem to think that the world is black and white , and there 's some huge conspiracy by the church or something like that . 
   and the teachings of the church are n't free of naivety . 
  name one naive church teaching . 
  i say that everything is intellectually justified . 
   the legalization of same-sex marriage does affect you . 
  you are giving the same protections , benefits and rights to a gay couple union that a heterosexual couple union already enjoys . 
  benefits i have to pay for , correct . 
   it 's about the state treating that union in the same manner they treat a heterosexual one . 
  why should the state treat any union in any manner ? 
  why should the state care whether people are in a union or not ? 
  how is marriage not a completely outdated and unfair construct that should be abolished ? 
  fun fac : it 's estimated that around 5 % of the adult population are pedophiles . 
  what exactly do you want to say ? 
  of course , you can read more on child abuse by teachers for example [ here , ] ( http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/2012/02/is_sexual_abuse_in_schools_very_common_.html ) and how it relates to child abuse committed by priests is outlined in [ this ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/has-media-ignored-sex-abuse-in-school/ ) article . 
   did n't know science is a belief system . 
  to a solipsist , it is . 
  which individuals ? 
  examples , please , and evidence . 
  if you have evidence , go to the police . 
   if they ca n't clean house , it 's their legitimate problem . 
  what do you expect ? 
  child abuse will continue to happen . 
  in every organization , in every country . 
  there 's nothing that can be done to erase it completely . 
  the best thing the church - and any other organization - can do is to try to minimize it . 
  but to eradicate completely ? 
  that 's just naive . 
   why would they need to ` try ' ? 
  it 's not like they 're protestants . 
  they 're a global monolithic organisation , that 's what makes them catholic , if they wanted it to stop , the pope need only issue orders prohibiting rotation and aid instead of hindering investigations , and all the arch-bishops must comply , and priests could no longer escape justice . 
  the pope ca n't clap in his hands and abuse stops happening . 
  what you 're describing is what 's happening . 
  comissions have been set up , priests have been defrocked . 
  the church is working to fix it but it 's not as simply as you wish it was . 
  it takes time , especially in a global organization . 
  and please , which priests `` escape justices '' ? 
  if you know of any concrete cases , notify the police . 
   and they could have done that decades ago when the papacy found out about the child abuse occurring , instead of leaving it to go on for decades , and systematically hindering the ability of authorities to investigate and prosecute them . 
  the fact is , the church cared far more about their pr image than the people they victimised . 
  hey , i 'm not saying that things could n't have been handled better . 
   making bare assertions about the immorality of homosexual relationships while protecting authority figures who sexually and physically abuse little boys and girls , all the while making themselves out to be the epitome of morally virtuosity makes a mockery of their self-appointed supreme moral authority . 
  you 're again implying that the church does n't do anything against abuse . 
  which authority figures are protected ? 
  do you have any evidence ? 
  if you have , go to the police . 
  this does n't change the fact that some individuals are n't the organizations , especially considering that all of the people involved amount to less than one percent of the whole clergy . 
   i did n't say the organisation is `` not allowed '' to have any opinion . 
  this is hyperbole . 
  are you saying that unless i agree with the church then i am oppressing its freedom of expression ? 
  no , i 'm saying that the point of the cartoon seems to be that the church should n't say anything because of child abuse etc. 
   i 'm just saying that they are unlikely to have their opinion taken seriously based on their actions . 
  the church should be criticized for hypocrisy when it applies . 
  it definitely applies here . 
  you do n't think the church tries to fix the problems ? 
  you think they approve of pedophilia ? 
  i 'm willing to bet that the pope has said more against pedophilia within the church than against homosexuals . 
   i 'm willing to bet the massive , numerous and systematic cover-ups over many years involved way more than 0.03 % , especially when you include the people who knew something but just looked the other way . 
  and in any case , it certainly included the people calling the shots , the ones who run and manage the organization are the ones with the least credibility on these issues and the ones who deserve to be criticized . 
  do you have any proof for this ? 
  if you have - go straight to the police and have those people arrested . 
   bear in mind , the catholic church did n't expose these terrible things or make amends of its own volition , even though many within the church must have known about it . 
  it was exposed mainly by actions from victims , journalists and legal investigations .
