  it * would * be hypocrisy if the church approved of it/didn ' t do anything against it . 
  you 're saying that the church ca n't have an opinion on something because some individuals within the church did something shitty . 
  even if they protected their own people - so what ? 
  it 's still an ad hominem . 
  the statement is n't criticized , the one who makes the statement is criticized . 
  that * is * an ad hominem . 
  it attacks the one making a statement , not the statement itself . 
  also , there are several implications - for example the one that the catholic church approves of pedophilia , or that the catholic church did n't do anything against it , or that the guy who made the statement is a pedophile , or that the majority of priests are pedophiles ... 
  what * is * the message , exactly , besides an ad hominem based on a stereotype ? 
  do you know what an ad hominem is ? 
  what 's the message here ? 
  people from a group ca n't have opinions because some other people from the same group did something wrong ? 
  that 's a pretty shitty message . 
  that 's on par with cartoons implying that merkel ca n't criticize anyone because hitler . 
  i agree , and the only fair solution would be to get rid of benefits for married people . 
  can they legally agree to being owned , or being killed and eaten ? 
   because it does n't cost you anything if you let people be happy !, 
  that 's why !, 
  except , you know , the benefits that come with marriage tax payers have to pay for . 
  so yes , it does cost something . 
  why not animal marriage ? 
  pretty sure finland will win because eurovision is all about `` sending messages '' . 
  sweden yes, 
  i love the [ finnish 1 $ coin , ] ( https://i.imgur.com/w5wzlja.jpg ) it 's such a calm and nice image ... 
  do you have any pets ? 
  are you a vegan ? 
  ( got ta love those absurd slippery slope arguments . ), 
  serious question though - why should n't someone be allowed to marry their dog ? 
  fine by me , but what 's left of marriage if we get rid of the privileges ? 
  this is incorrect - gay people receiving marriage privileges affects the tax payers who have to pay for that . 
  so in a way , gay people getting married does affect other people as well . 
  that 's why marriage should be abolished . 
  germany 's pirate party got double-digit approval rates too , then it got torn apart by carrerists and ultra-left-wing lunatics . 
  let 's hope this wo n't happen in iceland . 
  i like it . 
  sure , it 's controversial , but which art form is n't ? 
   i have many polish friends that insist we drink zubrowka , warm . 
  sounds good , i think i 'll try this , thanks !, 
  honestly , it 's not that bad of a vodka for its price . 
  there are worse vodkas that cost more . 
  putinoff is actually not that bad of a vodka for its price . 
  imo jelzin ( if we 're talking about [ this ] ( http://www.aretthom.com/webroot/store22/shops/62311192/4b11/02a6/73ed/f31e/a187/c0a8/28b9/1e4b/boris_jelzin_vodka_07_l.jpg ) vodka ) tastes worse , while being a bit more expensive ( jelzin costs 8 $ per bottle here while putinoff is 5 $ ) . 
   i believe so , but in most cases children indeed are beneficiaries of legal status called `` marriage '' their parents/guardians have . 
  yeah , and it 's a grave injustice that should be abolished . 
  this is a blatant example of marriage privilege that should either be expanded to all people with children , or none at all . 
   yes , that is why it is important - to let gays to have same protection as straight people have . 
  you mean `` straight married people '' , right ? 
  because straight people do n't have marriage privileges . 
  only married people have . 
   so yes , yes indeed , we , as society , have to enforce same legal protection and privileges for children in whatever family they are raised in . 
  i totally agree , and it should n't matter whether the parents are married or not . 
  i think the same legal protection and privileges should apply to children of unmarried couples or single people as well , or not at all . 
  so i do n't see why people should be married in order for their children to receive privileges . 
   meaning , gays pay taxes , therefore they have to have same legal status as straight people . 
  unmarried people pay taxes too , yet they do n't have the same legal status as married people . 
   also , marriages do not cost for governments almost nothing ( when there are no children involved does n't matter , this is about principles . 
   so , any argument why should these things be denied for gay people ? 
  why should these things be denied for unmarried people regardless of sexuality ? 
  you see - my point of view is that all marriage privileges should be abolished , since it 's illogical and unfair that married people have more privileges than unmarried people . 
  * however , * the privileges married couples have were introduced in earlier times when marriage implied children . 
  of course , in 2015 this is a rather outdated view , but it 's still the state 's reasoning why married couples have privileges . 
  so it would be illogical to introduce privileges that were made to incentive the production of children to people who ca n't produce any children . 
  still , i 'm against these privileges for all married couples , regardless of sexuality . 
  i 'm saying no to gay and straight marriage . 
   there are ways how gay people can raise civilized people , future tax-payers . 
  last time i checked you do n't have to be married to raise children . 
   we ca n't let gays call their unions marriage because government does not have particular interest in it ? 
  you do realize that it 's more than the name , right ? 
  like , various privileges the other tax payers have to pay for ? 
  why should the government subsidize something they have no interest in ? 
  because the government runs on love ? 
  unfortunately my tax money goes to supporting marriage privileges . 
  i would n't care otherwise . 
  as soon as married people are n't privileged anymore , i wo n't care . 
  marriage should be abolished altogether , not expanded, 
  do you think the state has any interest in marriages besides reproduction ? 
  the government is not a bunch of romantics . 
  you should read some [ kierkegaard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fear_and_trembling ), 
   god says do not murder then he commands genocide . 
  `` murder '' is unlawful killing . 
  it 's lawful if god commands it . 
   would you kill your children if god commanded it ? 
  well i 'm not sure if i could do it , but it would definitely be the right thing to do , given that god actually commanded it . 
   i 'm not going to engage in theological sophistry . 
  alright :(  btw what 's your denomination ? 
  roman catholicism, 
   see , here 's where lack of logic enters . 
  i 've yet to be illogical . 
   is genocide objectively evil , yes or no ? 
  nothing is objectively good or evil unless god forbids or commands it . 
  so , if the genocide is explicitely commanded by god , it 's objectively good . 
  if the genocide is n't commanded , it 's bad , since it involves murder . 
   you just resolved the cognitive dissonance of god being perfect , yet acting like a spoiled , violent child in the ot with `` divine command theory '' . 
  correct , i 'd teleogically suspend the ethical all day if god wanted me to do it . 
   enjoy the kool-aid , i 'm sure it 's delicious with its promises of immortality and objective morality . 
  thanks , i do . 
  now i 'd like to ask you the same question - is genocide objectively evil ? 
  since your last sentence `` i 'm sure it 's delicious with its promises of immortality and objective morality . '', 
  kind of indicates that you do n't believe in objective morality , i can only assume that your answer would be no , then ? 
   ot god is an asshole .
