  i 'm not saying that no one has done wrong things . 
  i 'm fully acknowledging that things could have been handled in a better way . 
  i just do n't see how this warrants ad hominem attacks `` the church are pedophiles '' attacks every single time the church is in the media . 
   i do n't believe they are sorry for what they did , i think they 're just sorry they got caught . 
  who ? 
  the pedophiles and their protectors ? 
  yeah , they 're pieces of shit , no argument here . 
   nobody says they ca n't have an opinion . 
  scientologists can have opinions on life , creationists can have opinions on science and the catholic church can have opinions on gay people . 
  most of them are fucking stupid and bigoted and deserve to be ridiculed though . 
  then focus on the opinions themselves , argue against them . 
   if the catholic church spent half as much money and time on fighting child abuse in their own organisation as they spend on fear-mongering , discrimination and political campaigns against gay people the catholic church would be the safest place for children in the world . 
  until they do i give a rat 's ass about their or their supporters precious feelings . 
  they have blood on their hands . 
  you do n't think they spend time and money to fight it ? 
  how much money exactly has the catholic church spent on political campaigns against gay people ? 
  0.03 % of all clergy simply * is not * the institution . 
  that 's just wrong . 
   those individuals that protected include the pope if i 'm not mistaken you 're mistaken , unless you have evidence . 
  if you have evidence for this accusation , go to the police . 
   unless the new pope specifically come back on the subject and present the official apologies of the church . 
  the church has officially apologized many times on that matter , and the pope ( the old one and the new one ) does many things to work on fixing it . 
  no , civil marriage is n't . 
  it 's a matter of the state . 
  we 're all the state . 
  so no , it 's not a purely personal matter . 
  nothing state-sanctioned is . 
   which is totes ok just probably do n't send your kids off to youth programs there . 
  i 'm actively involved in youth programs there , since i 'm a youth myself . 
   no , but for many , many decades the ones who were child abusers ( not just a few , either ) could rely on the catholic church to protect them from the authorities , keeping their crimes secret and even moving them to fresh pastures where they could continue to rape and abuse more children . 
  even if all of that would be true - so what ? 
  what does this have to do with the present situation ? 
  the church is actively working on fixing this . 
  and what does any of that have to do with people having an opinion on something ? 
  just because some people from the same organization did something wrong does n't mean that their opinions are wrong . 
   this is not just some kind of unfair `` stereotype '' . 
  it was systematic and still has not been fully dealt with . 
  apologists for this behaviour and those who try to deny or trivialize it are actually doing more harm than good for the catholic church because they are just proving to the rest of us that they have learned nothing . 
  i do n't deny anything , although just 0.03 % of clergy have been involved in this - which is a phenomenal rate compared to other organizations . 
  i do n't deny that things have been done wrong . 
  but that should n't be an excuse to launch blatant ad hominem `` but the church is pedophile '' - attacks whenever the church says or does * anything * . 
   individuals committed the crimes , but the church hierarchy covered them up , and it went all the way to the vatican . 
  the cloyne report in ireland found that vatican officials interfered in police investigations into paedophile priests as late as 2008 . 
  the irish pm gave a strongly worded rebuke of the vatican at the time and even went as far as withdrawing the ambassador to the vatican . 
  yeah , and the individuals within the church hierarchy did the wrong thing in covering up other individuals . 
   it was n't just a few bad eggs , covering up child abuse is a systemic problem in the catholic church . 
  until they admit that and hand over all information they have about the abuse and cover up to the relevant legal authorities , they have absolutely no moral standing . 
  even if they had `` information '' and did n't work with legal authorities - what does that have to do with whether they ca n't have an opinion on something or not ? 
  does someone have a `` moral standing '' in order to be allowed to have an opinion ? 
  how is that not an ad hominem ? 
   they dare to accuse me of participating in a `` defeat of humanity '' because i voted yes ? 
  they can fuck right off . 
  sounds to me like you 're just angry because you perceive it as a personal attack . 
  please do n't get emotional in a rational discussion . 
  no , it 's like having an opinion on the concept of liking pears . 
  it does n't have anything to do with the people . 
  you 're having this stereotypical idea that people only want to prevent other people 's happiness out of spite or because of their own narrow minds , but that 's simply not the case . 
  gay marriage is an idea . 
  nobody is saying that gay people are bad or anything like that . 
  i 'm saying that the church has systematically failed at addressing , preventing , and punishing child abuse in numerous cases , and in particular in ireland . 
  and yes , a hierarchical and centrally organized organization like the catholic church can certainly be held responsible for what happens in one of their branches if their reactions to revelations remain ( far ) below what can be reasonably expected for them to do . 
  we do this with states and companies all the time . 
  in the case of apple , we even ask that they make sure that working conditions in companies they do business with confirm to a certain level . 
  are you saying they are n't working on this ? 
  also , the rate of child abuse among priests is way lower than the one among teachers , so they did a pretty good job preventing it already i 'd say . 
  you ca n't completely erase child abuse , you can only try to do work on it . 
  which is what the church is trying to do . 
  they do n't ignore the issue , they are working on fixing it . 
  the institution does n't claim that all members of the institution are perfect . 
  so 0.03 % of the organisation are the whole organisation ? 
  so a few individuals doing something wrong means that the organisation should n't be allowed to have opinions on anything ? 
  how is that not a blatant example of an ad hominem ? 
   it 's nothing to do with individuals , it 's to do with the entire church . 
  around 0.03 % of the whole clergy have been involved in this . 
  that 's nowhere close to `` the entire church '' , which has over a billion members , by the way . 
  * individuals * from that institution have protected * individuals * , correct . 
  however , even if what you 're saying would be true - how would it be relevant ? 
  we 're talking about the present , not the past here . 
   and when i say `` the organization '' , i of course do n't mean `` almost all members of it '' . 
  you _ seriously _ think that a billion members of the church are involved in this ? 
  or are you _ seriously _ saying tha 0.03 % of clergy are `` almost all members '' ? 
   if they truly disapproved as an organisation they 'd let justice be done . 
  but they 're doing this . 
  they 're working on fixing it . 
  or are you seriously saying they do n't try to stop it ? 
   well , i 'm of the opinion that if you 've been responsible for this stuff for over 50 years and only in the last couple of years are starting to address the issue , while still maintaining moral superiority over people who just want to get married , you 're still a hypocrite . 
  who 's responsible for this stuff for over 50 years ? 
  the entire church ? 
  or individuals ? 
  and why does that mean then that other people from the same organization ca n't have an opinion on something ? 
   it 's not like all the people who were involved in the cover-ups have now suddenly been removed from their positions . 
  of course they have . 
  if you have evidence that this is not the case , you should go to the police . 
   why would you want to have an opinion about someone else 's personal matter that does n't affect you in a slightest ? 
  a person 's sexual orientation is n't something worth having an opinion about . 
  what 's something worth having an opinion about , then ? 
  should we limit the topics someone is worth having an opinion about ? 
   also `` german ? 
  nazis , right ? '', 
  - your opinion must be very educated .
