  and `` catholics ? 
  pedophiles , right ? '', 
  is a more educated opinion ? 
   and yes , i am god . 
  that is : reality in person . 
  you 're currently using your brain to create a negative fate for yourself , which is the opposite for which evolution has built it . 
  one could say : you are insane . 
  what ? 
  can you explain this please ? 
  is that supposed to be an argument of some kind ? 
   you should read up on what you 're talking about , because you 're dead wrong . 
  yes , they did something against it , but it 's a drop on a hot stone in comparison to what they as an organization had done in the opposite direction . 
  even if that 's true - so what ? 
  you 're a german , you yourself should know that it takes time to fix the errors of the past , and that they can never be truly fixed . 
  that 's simply reality . 
  the church is doing what they can do . 
  he speaks for the organization . 
  when do you apply `` this is the organization 's voice . 
  '' , and when do you apply `` this man speaks for himself ? '', 
  - when it 's convenient to you ? 
  rule of thumb : when the pope declares something along with the bishops , it 's the organization 's voice . 
  when a single bishop says something , it 's his voice . 
   all religion , and of course the catholic church , needs to be destroyed with a vengeance , with fire and sword . 
  those who do n't share this opinion are wrong , and they are the enemies of god . 
  epic meme brah  which is who i am . 
   oh , [ that ] ( https://www.spiegel.de/images/image-583786-galleryv9-ubkj.jpg ) was you ? 
  nice !, 
   open your records so we can catch the rapists you 're still hiding before the statute of limitations runs out what `` records '' ? 
  do you think they keep a list of pedophiles somewhere in a cellar in the vatican ? 
   it does mean something when the argument is that they are a piece of shit . 
  how is that relevant to the gay marriage stuff then ? 
  i mean , you can of course make a cartoon claiming they 're a piece of shit , but you ca n't imply that what they 're saying is worth less because of that , even if they were a piece of shit . 
  so are you saying the catholic church ca n't have an opinion on gay marriage because individuals that belongs to the irish part of their organization did something wrong ? 
   well , that 's completely true - a murderer who tells others not to murder should be taken seriously , because truth is truth . 
  exactly . 
   now , about that gay marriage thing ... 
  so , you 're finally willing to accept that maybe it would maybe be a better idea to attack the argument itself instead of attacking/trying to discredit the person making it ? 
  i 'd agree with you here . 
   as janlul pointed out above , the catholic church as an institution has repeatedly actively protected child molesting priests : by trying to cover up crimes ( in some cases they had the victims institutionalized if they came forward ) . 
  this kind of behaviour was widespread . 
  and the church is working against this , and it tries to fix it . 
  it does n't approve of it , so that point is moot . 
  you yourself point out that the behaviour * was * widespread . 
   so yeah the church having the balls to condemn people for gay marriage is hypocrisy of the worst kind . 
  it would be only hypocrisy if the church approved of pedophiles , or did n't do anything against it . 
  again , implying that nothing is done against this or that this is approved of . 
  you 're implying that the church does n't work on taking the plank out of their own eye . 
  it does n't mean that they should n't inform other people of the planks in their eyes . 
   but that is exactly what happend multiple times in the past . 
  charges were swept under the rug at multiple levels of the hirachy . 
  it was n't until the last 10-20 years that things really changed , and often only after expensive lawsuits and extensive press coverage . 
  so what ? 
  if you look closely , i wrote in present tense - ** `` does n't do anything against it '' . 
  ** if they still did n't do anything against it , the criticism would be somewhat valid . 
  but that 's simply not the case . 
   child abuse extends ( or extended ) far further that just `` some individuals '' . 
  it 's estimated that about 0.03 % of clergy have been involved in this . 
  that 's way lower than the rate of high school teachers , for example . 
  so yes , those are just `` some individuals '', 
  i agree with you , but to be fair - if i did n't have time to waste , i would n't be on reddit !, 
   the message is that those who systematically protect their own child abusers from prosecution and let them continue in new locations should not call the legalization of the marriage of identical sexes in one country a setback for mankind . 
  so you 're saying that someone ca n't have an opinion on something because an individual that belongs to their own organization did something wrong ? 
  also , you 're implying that the church approves of pedophilia , or that the church does n't do anything against it . 
  neither is true . 
  and even * if * what you 're saying would be true ( it 's not , unless you can prove that the man who said that did what you 're accusing him of doing ) - why should n't they have the right to have an opinion ? 
  what you 're trying to do is called an argumentum ad hominem . 
  you 're implying that someone 's arguments are automatically wrong based on who they are . 
   the purpose is to weaken the voice of the church in this matter and to repeat what ca n't be repeated enough : the catholic church protects child abusers . 
  individuals within the church did , yes . 
  does that mean that the church 's voice should be disregarded ? 
  why , exactly ? 
  you 're even outright saying that the whole purpose of this is character assassination . 
   i find it despicable that a colleague of mine keeps paying church tax in germany because he wants to keep the option open for his little daughter to choose herself if she wants to stay in the church or leave it . 
  that is so ironic , i do n't know where to start . 
  or maybe your colleague does n't think in simple black/white terms , and he realizes that most of the people within the church are good , normal people trying to make the world a better place ? 
  did you know that the vast majority of abuse happens in families ? 
  did you know that teachers are way more likely to abuse children than clergy ? 
  it would be hypocritical if the church approved of rape , or if they did n't do anything against it . 
  however , neither is true , and you ca n't seriously imply that someone ca n't critize something because a individuals from their own organization disregarded their organization 's rules , can you ? 
  they would be hypocrites if they approved of pedophilia , or if they did n't do anything against it - but neither is true . 
  they do n't disregard the rules , they try to enforce them . 
  are you implying that they ca n't critize anyone because individuals within their organization broke their own rules ? 
  should i change it to `` obama ca n't critize anyone because of what americans did to indians '' ? 
  i picked the merkel/hitler example because it 's a pretty prominent and recent example . 
  feel free to replace it with an equal example if you want to . 
  simply saying `` godwin '' does n't invalidate my argument . 
  you 're saying that the church ca n't critize anyone because individuls within the church have done wrong things , right ? 
  how in the world is that supposed to be a valid argument ? 
  it is exactly like saying that a german person ca n't critize anyone because other germans have done something wrong . 
   because we still have n't seen any from christs representatives on earth . 
  what exactly are you saying here ? 
  that the church does n't do anything to fix the issue ? 
  that 's simply not true . 
  hundreds of priests have been defrocked . 
  what else do you want ? 
   an ad hominem is n't out of place when that hominem is still a piece of shit . 
  uh , no , it 's still an ad hominem . 
  that 's the entire point of ad hominem . 
  even if the person making an argument is a piece of shit , it does n't mean anything for the argument . 
  you 're implying that the church approves of peophilia , and you 're implying that the church does n't do anything against it .
