yep , i know . 
  the cold war is over , and i think both sides are glad for that . 
  but i grew up in its declining days , and i think it 'll be a long time before russia and the us are truly friendly . 
  ( i still like vodka though , thanks for that ! ), 
  to op : interesting post . 
  this is a problem that the u.s. confronts in a lot of places , and for which we get much shit . 
  ukraine has been your client state for a very long time , and is now straining at the bit to develop along its own path as an independent state . 
  as chaotic as that may seem , compared to the relative security of the russian orbit , it is the best path for ukraine . 
  it 's hard to imagine a scenario in which the united states just allowed russia to just annex part of the country . 
  in a scenario in which protests continue and possible civil conflict breaks out , i see it as much more likely that the us pairs with the eu to support a western-leaning unity government to support debt relief while consolidating national control and restructuring the economy . 
  do you disagree ? 
  to europeans : you may not always like us , but we 're a lot better than those other guys with the giant nuclear stockpile and no regard for individual liberty , and you know it . 
  ** [ team america is coming ] ( http://onemansblog.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/09/us_military_formation.jpg ) **, 
  we 're actually much friendlier than you 've heard !, 
  love , the south, 
  hard to say in our case . 
  such a big country , with diverse populations , regional differences , histories , etc. 
  but my personal list ... * [ this land is your land ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xai5irus2ae ) the original is by woody guthrie . 
  every kid learns this song in school . 
  * [ born in the usa ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ephwr4d3fjq ) bruce springsteen - `` the boss '' - is pretty much badass . 
  * [ you ai n't nothing but a hound dog ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1qrthhlj-i ) elvis had many hits , but this is one of the best , imho . 
  * [ take me out to the ballgame ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmdrlfgdiva ) baseball . 
  * [ i wish i was in dixie ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iujle_n1cuc ) old southern song that was adopted as the national anthem of the confederacy during the civil war . 
  its political uses aside , it 's still a damned catchy song . 
  * [ star spangled banner ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj2dcvydpm0 ) ( my personal favorite version - gets me in the feels every time ), 
  this is true of online privacy generally . 
  the data is pretty clear that very , very few people care about the issue . 
  it 's only a very small , vocal minority who keep surfacing concerns about it . 
  this is why few politicians or businesses are going to act aggressively on it . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i 'm pretty curious about that point too . 
  obviously , a us court can not compel a foreign company to pay a penalty . 
  it said that she purchased her ticket through a us-based company - so perhaps she 's * really * suing the us broker firm ? 
  or perhaps obb 's agreement with the broker exposes it to legal liability that way ? 
  who knows ? 
  just saying that this whole thing could , in fact , be nothing but sensationalized nonsense . 
  here 's a tip , guys . 
  in the states , we often see/hear of seemingly outrageous , extraordinary legal suits like this one . 
  they make for good press and great clickbait , and make everyone throw up their hands at how awful this woman must be , how stupid/unfair the courts must be , etc etc. 
  thing is , tales like these usually are not the whole story . 
  like the famous story of the woman who sued mcdonalds because she scalded herself with hot coffee , once you actually read the details about what happened and understand the whole context , the lawsuit no longer seems as outrageous as it once did . 
  so it may very well be that this lady is just stupid or something , but keep in mind that it 's probably more complicated than that . 
  as a big fan of american primacy in the world , i have very little fear that the eu will ever challenge that dominance . 
  to their credit , the eu has accomplished a great deal ; but it is structurally incapable of the kind of cohesion and political and financial integration necessary to ever be a true counterweight to the u.s. in the near-term future . 
  buddy , you 've got plenty of crazies in your own parliament . 
  we have some in our congress too . 
  rogers happens to just be one of them who likes to shoot his mouth off . 
  cool the outrage . 
  ah , right , free movement and whatnot . 
  but presumably they must set up a residence somewhere , right ? 
  here in the u.s. , you really ca n't just declare residency somewhere and then live somewhere else . 
  ( i mean , you might get away with it for a while , but it 's illegal . ), 
  surely it must be the same in the eu . 
  there must be some mechanism to force people to pay income/residency/whatever taxes in the jurisdiction where they live , right ? 
  i do n't know the details about brits in spain . 
  but there 's a similar phenomenon with americans moving to mexico and latin america . 
  tourists spend more money , sure , but they also do n't stay long . 
  retirees stay for years . 
  they buy houses , put down roots and spend all their disposable income . 
  in many countries ( again , do n't know about spain ) , resident alien permits/visas also cost money , or they 're required to deposit some large amount of money in a local bank as proof of residence . 
  is that not the case ? 
  i think you 're living in a very small , very insulated bubble if you think that 's true . 
  no , i do n't . 
  there 's a big difference between the us gov ' t approaching a us company and forcing or asking them to insert backdoor access provisions into their software , on one hand , and on the other , sponsoring massive attacks on a foreign country 's government , business and political organizations , as china does . 
  just providing a dose of reality . 
  he fled first to china , which actively hosts massive electronic attacks on u.s. government , business and social institutions . 
  china is universally recognized as the primary source of cyberterrorism against u.s. interests , and has been directly implicated in the theft of billions in ip and valuable data . 
  snowden then flew to russia , about which i assume i do n't need to say any more about their stance towards the u.s. 
  i do n't often agree with him , but john mccain was right about this : if you do n't think that chinese , and later russian , intelligence seized everything snowden had stolen from the nsa directly upon landing , then you 're living on the moon . 
  so brave, 
  likewise , whenever new reports come out of all the eu member countries ' intelligence services eagerly cooperating and sharing data with the nsa for their own purposes , the silence in / r/europe tells you all you need to know . 
  why not respond to my point , though ? 
  the analogy is n't perfect , since sweden and the united states are very different in terms of our geopolitical relevance , but still : an agent in sweden 's intelligence agency ( must ? ), 
  steals a huge trove of highly sensitive documents and gives them away to a hostile nation . 
  evidence points to him/her being a mole . 
  how do you , as a swede , feel about an ally giving that person asylum ? 
  rhetorical nonsense . 
  i 'm just saying things plainly . 
  yes , but the example in question was about german citizens , not dutch . 
  you are welcome to express those preferences of yours in your own democracy , and we can express those of ours . 
  let 's see a german bnd employee steal an enormous amount of top-secret intelligence , some of which directly compromises your national security , and then give it away to an unfriendly country . 
  then let 's see how protective you feel of him/her then . 
  well , i 'm not an expert on how the german bureaucracy works , but as far as i am aware , the rule of law has reached berlin . 
  barring some really exceptional situation , i assume that the german ministry of justice can not simply decide willy-nilly not to carry out an extradition upon a valid request . 
  treaties have the force of law , both in germany and the u.s. now , if there is a provision that allows for some kind of temporary transit in order to carry out witness duties or something , that 's another matter . 
  i do n't know . 
  but there are so many other , more important facets of the u.s.-german bilateral relationship that i strongly doubt that the german leadership would take so dramatic a step as to abrogate a treaty over this . 
  unless germany was going to withdraw from its standing extradition treaty with the u.s. ( which i 'm sure we can agree is never going to happen ) , i do n't think it was ever likely that snowden would receive asylum there . 
  if he touched down in almost any european country ( or many more , for that matter ) , the local government would be legally bound to extradite him to the u.s. for trial . 
  snowden is not being `` politically persecuted , '' like dissidents from china or russia . 
  he violated u.s. law , and that is n't being disputed by anyone . 
  the only question ( for some ) is whether he was right to do so anyway , and question does not constitute grounds for stopping an extradition process . 
  good to know . 
  for what it 's worth , i am `` southern , '' and still live in the south . 
  there are big regional differences in the u.s. , of course , but europeans tend to have an extremely exaggerated view of how different `` the south '' really is compared to the rest of the country . 
  it 's not much more republican here than it is in , say , southern california or eastern oregon . 
  my community is very liberal , secular and gun-averse , everyone here voted for obama , etc. 
  reddit is in no way representative of the u.s. ( or anywhere else for that matter ) . 
  do n't get me wrong - i think the fifth amendment ( among others ) is very relevant and important . 
  but it 's not as if that itself makes all nsa surveillance `` unconstitutional . '',
