if you see nordic `` fighting '' , esp between danes and swedes , know that its only two brothers fighting . 
  he is a danskj\u00e4vel , but he is our danskj\u00e4vel !, 
  yes . 
  the entire top of the company are in holland now . 
  tax reasons and what not . 
  [ and as in real life . 
  is there any explanation for the germanic nations doing so well ? 
  is it just a coincidence ? 
  - bj\u00f6rn s\u00f6der p\u00e5 svt opinion 2013 so rut is lying then ? 
  this is such a false claim . 
  firstly : the ruling partys does not put forward the motions they know will get voted down from the opposition . 
  since that would be bad press , i.e. 
  `` the goverment have lost 50 % of the votes so far '' doesnt win you elections . 
  second : since it is this way swedendemocrats have ~ 51 % voting with the goverment on the motions that gets put up for voting , and the socialdemocrats have around ~ 48 % voting in line with the goverment . 
  it 's a media agenda to portray the sweden democrats as the knee-hound of the goverment . 
  madness among the general population . 
  the right want to dump wages and the left want voters . 
  what was the book called ? 
  he is as little norwegian as i am chinese , if i where to move there . 
  it might be that the time of great power are seen with a glorious aura for most swedes . 
  and that might spill over to the subject of conquered areas and it 's people . 
  i can understand that the finns dont see it that i do . 
  but i think we had something great going in the way where we still to this day comes along great . 
  this is not the reality in many other countries where one ruled over the other at one point . 
  i feel very close to my nordic brothers and would not shy away from intergrating our countries even more . 
  i dont know if this really answer your question though . 
  i would n't mind it . 
  mind you , we 've been a country togheter with finland for a longer period of time then with sk\u00e5ne ( scania ) . 
  i would say that the swedish-finnish union might be a good thing . 
  however , i find it very hard to believe that it would become a reality though . 
  yes . 
  they talk that around 1 m. of sweden 9 m. population consume snus on a daily ( / weekly ? ), 
  basis . 
  that would make our consumption of tobacco a lot higher . 
  what a fun idea !, 
  do you want a postcard from sweden ? 
  its not about sex at all . 
  its about mutilating on a child that can not defend itself . 
  if everyone got to chose at 18 or 21 it would be no problem . 
  yeah sweden !, 
  get the hell away from us with your awesome welfare , wonderful women and otherwise superior country !, 
  you are making us look bad , go away !, 
  oh sure you can adopt the culture , it is needed for you to establish yourself in society . 
  and in the long run for your children and grandchildren to intergrate . 
  however , a 30 year old man ( or 20 or 50 or whatever ) that moves to a new country does not become ` swedish ' or ` chinese ' from just getting a new passport . 
  you have to agree with me on that ? 
  i know i am in the minority with this point of view , but no , you can not get ` swedish ' or ` bristish ' if you are not born in said country . 
  you can be a swedish or british * citizen * . 
  but being swedish and british does take in cultural and historical values aspects - atleast for me . 
  i know its not the best comparison but if i moved to china or thailand , i wouldnt become a chinese or thai right ? 
  i would still be a swedish person - who is living in china . 
  granted , that if your family lives in one country over a few generations - and your grandchildren knows nothing else then said country , then sure they might become swedish or british or chinese . 
  but that is a question if they have been open to the new country , taking in the new values and traditions . 
  edit ; born and raised in said country , or with parents/family that you learn the cultural/historical codex and moral values as traditions that are uniqe for that specific people and country . 
  good luck on your move here !, 
  study or work ? 
  and hell yeah to not having to throw your cloths away after a night out !, 
  indeed it is ( i am a ` snusare ' myself btw ) . 
  i know that ciggaretts = / = snus . 
  but there might be some correlation between the two of them . 
  and it is important for the wider picture . 
  why do sweden have so low cigarette usage ? 
  perhaps it 's becuase nearly 1 million swedes use snus ? 
  do n't think swedens numbers are that great . 
  sure it 's only 13 % that smoke , but we got 1 million snusare aswell . 
  thats quite alot of tobacco usage . 
  i do n't know how fair i can answer this question . 
  however i will give it a try . 
  ( from a swedes view , that do not live in stockholm ) . 
  first off : i love both stockholm and k\u00f6penhamn ( copenhagen ) . 
  i have visited stockholms plenty of times and k\u00f6penhamn and denmark in general a few times . 
  answer : i dont think you will find a too big difference of culture between the two . 
  i feel at home at both places ( and lost aswell from time to time in both ) . 
  i would dare to say that danes and swedes in general are quite alike . 
  therefor i guess that a trip to both would not make you shocked in any way . 
  stockholmare might be more ` with the nose in the air ' - however you will find those people everywhere , even in k\u00f6penhamn . 
   you will get around just as good in both places since both danes and swedes speak good english . 
  overall i think you can enjoy a visit to both . 
  there will be plentyfull of things to do , see and experiance at both places . 
  make one trip now and another later and see what town you like the most . 
  either way i think you will have a great time !, 
  if you enjoy winter activities sweden/norway are the way to go . 
  also a high procentage of the population speaks english ( and the young adults even more so due to high influx of english in popular culture . ), 
  although sweden are beautiful in the spring/summer aswell . 
  highly recommends stockholm during the warmer months . 
  fantastic breakfast , made for a king !, 
  spot the batman !, 
  well me and my family are talking about leaving sweden for another nordic country . 
  the situation here is getting out of hand , and i do n't want to be a part of a country that basicly renamed itself `` relocation place 1a '' . 
  there is no sweden anymore . 
  the left and right have both sold out this country . 
  finland , im coming bro . 
  all of them ? 
  i feel its kinda late even . 
  a halfyear ahead of time feels about right for me . 
  and poland had what ? 
  and i would guess most are from germany/eastern europe . 
  dont get me wrong here . 
  but at times its fun to tease . 
  dont know what i was thinking .
