yeah , the url was a giveaway . 
  unless of course you do n't know german munichpukes, 
  prostitution in turkey is legal . 
  unless you 're talking about the other even more muslim countries, 
   ** so has anyone here ever fired a gun ? 
  ** nope , never did . 
   ** or saw someone using a firearm other than police or some other kind of authority ? 
  ** nope , neither . . so far . 
   ** or even had a gun in his hand ? 
  ** yes , once or twice . 
  one time several years ago in a tram in the city i live in . 
  some guy , looks like under 30 , pulled out a gun from his pocket , inspected it and put it back again . 
  i was really scared ( was around 15 or 16 ) . 
  so scared i got off the tram the next stop and took the next one . 
  now here is where it gets crazy . 
  some few stops later on the new tram i saw police and ambulance nearby and saw some blood on the street . 
  now i wonder what are the chances that the guy used the gun and something happened . 
  or if it was pure coincidence - like an traffic accident or something . 
  any reason why the uk does n't have it as default ? 
  and russia too . . is it because of the politics ? 
  more like a little over 60 % according to the alexa statistics . 
  even if it seems much more than that . 
  i believe that was the joke, 
  i really was expecting germany considering they have harsh laws against tormenting ( as in seeding/uploading ) . 
  looks like we are n't alone in this, 
  and here come the typical `` murica freedom '' comments all over reddit . . ugh . 
  what about vatican city ? 
  ( yeah , probably not ), 
  i also know that you apparently can rent the entire country for 70k dollars a day, 
  my username is even more cute, 
  http://i.imgur.com/j0kmlqk.jpg https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3gkv79/territorial_waters_of_the_world_9609x3640/ op also posted the full image and more info somewhere else in the comments here, 
  i 'd rather have 2 $ bills . 
  coins are too heavy when there are lots of them in my wallet and it quickly make it thicker . 
  uncomfortable to wear it in the pocket . 
  i have to admit though that they look pretty neat . 
  at the same time also weird , kinda . 
  yeah , 1 $ coin and 2 $ bill, 
  does it use openstreetmap ? 
  would explain it then since it 's really detailed , like in germany edit : nevermind it does n't, 
  watch it on your phone with the newest youtube app update and it will automatically play in portrait fullscreen mode . 
  mate , be happy they did n't kill him dozens of times over . 
  they shoot him in the leg to prevent him from running away even though there could be better options . 
  and he was sort of `` armed '' . 
  following him with the car would n't be very good if he just runs in narrow streets or hides somewhere else . 
  and i usually am against cops using their ( lethal ) weapons as much as possible . 
  oh . . and here i was looking forward to the new maps and post them on / r/mapporn . 
  all that missed karma . 
  i must have missed something , what happened ? 
  you are comparing a country to ~ 30 countries within a union though . 
  good one . . 
  but in case you are actually serious : how about no ? 
  it 's just not possible to fully block or restrict porn from the internet as there always will be ways around that . 
  that 's the problem with most politicians around the world , they are clueless on how the internet works . 
  are you a politician , too ? 
  not surprising if their highways ( or freeways ) are illuminated at nights . 
  that 's still 200-400 more than where i am . 
  and it 's right in the middle of a big red/pink blob, 
   bernd could n't be more german, 
  thought germany 's population was declining . . it went up to 81.2 million compared to 80.9 last year . 
  2 ai n't several, 
  yeah like your comments, 
  well , there 's the european union with over 5900 posts, 
  meh , you 're right . 
  anyway it 's from the departed if anyone cares and i just watched it recently , so . . 
  maybe go fuck yourself -- ^ ( ( what , it 's a quote from a movie . . ) ^ ), 
  maybe we just got used to it . 
  i can imagine if germany were to ban it nowadays - if previously they were open on sundays - i 'd be frustrated as well . 
  at least some shops at train stations are still open on that day . 
  of course it 's rather problematic in smaller cities . 
  i live there for over 20 years and never have seen or know one ( at least that i know of ) also it seems that the map is made from a german site so it 's rather obvious then . 
  also are you afraid of them ? 
  i do n't see much difference and it 's just mecklenburg-vorpommern ( the state ) . . because no one lives there, 
  is it you ? 
  sure , maybe . . but at least there are plenty of other `` freedom '' activities we have here in germany compared to the us . 
  like legal public drinking in most places outside , legal prostitution and brothels , driving as fast as you want on half of all highways , public health care that does n't costs insane unaffordable amounts , same with universities . 
  also our cops are n't brutal , are n't arresting everyone for every minor annoyance ... okay , sorry . . am just circlejerking at this point though . 
  but yeah , each country has its rules . . one more or less free than the other . 
  and those restrictions on the internet or videogames can be easily bypassed but i 'd like to visit the us someday , no or rarely other country beats it in terms of diversity and geography and stuff to see . . and it 's so massive . 
  just ca n't really imagine to live there and would choose to live in germany every time , obviously i may be biased though . 
  as if the us does n't do censor stuff either . . 
  they are n't censored in movies or books not in videogames because these are n't considered as art apparently . . but that 's an another topic . 
  yeah , well at least we can drink in public , have legal prostitution and brothels , can drive as fast as we can on the highway , etc. . see what i mean ? 
  no country is truly free . 
  and this poll is just saying that america should n't stand for freedom anymore . . not comparing it with their own country, 
  netflix does n't `` block '' videos in other countries in that sense . 
  they just are n't there because of rights and stuff . 
  http://netflixaroundtheworld.com on the top you can see the amount of movies/series in each countries so far . 
  obviously the most are in the us since it 's founded there and for over 8 years now while in germany it was since last september, 
  ah yes , bavaria . . the conservative federal state in that country . 
  edit : butthurt bavarians here ? 
  come on , you know it . . they in general are more conservative than the rest of germany . 
  come on putin , you ca n't be that stupid . . do you want to become the next most hated man in the world ? 
  but chile is n't the same as brazil . 
  so if i had to move to a latin america country it 'd be this one . 
  or uruguay , maybe also argentina . 
  but i also prefer to stay in the eu of course . 
  really ? 
  i hope for a 2 $ bill . 
  i do n't really see more benefits having coins over bills . 
  other than it 's more durable of course .
