  fair enough, 
  not really ? 
  i want to have full streetview in my country dammit and not just in the big cities and these are already way outdated, 
  20 biggest cities and only once ( around 2008 ) . 
  and that 's about it . . there are plenty of user submitted photospheres all over the country though . 
  yep . 
  that sucks , no ? 
  not like it 's gon na stop me from using vpn but still it 'd be nice to do without it, 
  season 4 of hoc wo n't be available in germany ( and i 'm guessing france too ) because it has rights on sky , will be there at the same time . 
  are they serious ? 
  yeah because rapes only happen in europe, 
  except from policemen of course , right ? 
  i saw one or two from civilians ( unless they were undercover ) and yeah the number seems to be pretty high but i think that any kind of gun ( especially hunting rifles ) is being counted and they 're mostly just for collection, 
  i 'd be interested in a state breakdown . . and bavaria probably would have the most ( hunting ), 
  so you would be okay with an 18 year old having sex with a 40yo but if she/he were 17 it 's a no go ? 
  and hungary, 
  / r/nichtderpostillon ( it exists too ), 
  on my phone with google keep https://i.imgur.com/8fsdav7.png ( red dots are capitals of the states ), 
  it went on until the end . . and now fans are on the pitch . 
  either it 's a lockdown or just staying for safety, 
  http://www.globalpetrolprices.com/gasoline_prices/ more countries and currencies and metric units, 
  karneval/fasching ( carnival ) in november and february . 
  especially in the western part of germany, 
  yeah 17 . . that 's nothing . 
  eh at least we are n't alone in this ... 
  i 'm more ashamed by the lack of gay marriage so far or of course the gema . 
  on mobile app the link redirected me to / r/community _ rules and was n't sure whether it 's an intentional joke ( the rules being so old and outdated or something ) or not, 
  so i guess you support the american way , making sexual offenders register in public with names and all details ? 
  except in this case with these guys they are n't even sex offenders but simply having this disorder . 
  yeah , what a great idea ... did you think that through ? 
  eh just the usual racist comments but i may be generalizing though, 
  all is good . 
  i kinda thought that you were being sarcastic but you never know from the average comment on / r/worldnews . . 
  cmon . . 
  well unless you 're in a bigger city with a main train station that has some stores open . 
  not everyone is as open as you . 
  privacy is human right, 
  do n't they also have the feature called secure chats or something ? 
  they make up less than 0.01 percent of all the population . 
  interesting that such a small sample makes you to stay away from that country . 
  you must be very paranoid or just eating up the media fear mongering . 
  now flair up , will you ? 
  i 'm interested what country where you live is so safe . 
  iceland ? 
  i have n't gotten this message and can read it just fine . 
  maybe click it away ? 
  if it 's possible, 
  calm down , herr satan, 
  yeah , but kill one , two more will be created . 
  considering the uk is going to leave eu it 's a possibility . 
  but no . 
  i so have to disagree there . 
  then again maybe i 'm used to it and the foreign breads usually do n't taste good to me, 
  such shit comments there . 
  people pretending america is much safer than europe and that the latter is a warzone now, 
  oh fuck off already . . this month is horrible . 
  or the rest of this year . 
  also only france and germany so far with those attacks huh, 
   [ reports are saying police and millitary are opening fire on each other . 
  fucking what ? 
  but why ? 
  no one posted it yet ? 
  700 mph = 1126 km/h pretty close to the speed of sound . . 
  are you from switzerland ? 
  internet, 
  no , lol . . in fact just very few games nowadays are getting censored and it 's mostly because of nazi stuff . 
  violence or gore often are uncensored , games like fallout 4 or mortal kombat dead rising 3 for example is still cut though but certainly no robots or fake blood, 
   i know nazi imagery is banned or whatever just in video games . . and maybe on movie posters . 
  yeah music license stuff but since recently not anymore, 
  / r/europe/comments / 5ai3zm/german _ rights_collection_society_gema_and_youtube / / r/de/comments / 5ahoah/youtube _ und_gema_haben_sich_geeinigt /, 
  we have / r/europe but seriously , there 's / r/germany too . . which adds 38k subscribers . 
  and / r/german but it 's focused on the language, 
  are germany and russia switched ( their names ) ? 
  that too, 
  to the left, 
   i know ronaldo by name , as in there 's a footballer by that name . 
  no idea what he looks like or how he 's different from a million other people with names ending in - do or something . 
  fair enough . . well , now you do as he 's on the map on portugal . 
   no idea whatsoever about this messi character you speak of . 
  because she 's indonesian . 
  not sure why iceland . . map creator must have mixed something up ( but even in indonesia i doubt she 's the most followed one ), 
  ronaldo ? 
  or \u00d6zil and podolski ? 
  they play for the german national team you know . 
  but maybe you really have n't heard of them or do n't know what they look like if you do n't follow the sport at all . . 
  really ? 
  and ronaldo is like the most popular one ( along with messi ) and should be recognizable . . even for those not following football , more or less . 
  i do n't follow basketball but do know some of their popular players by name and faces, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aldi 2339 vs 1850 nord still has more but s\u00fcd is catching up it seems, 
  what, 
  clever tactic really, 
  at least she was in the opinion that same sex couples should be able to adopt . 
   although she voted against homosexual marriage , she said that after long reflection , she had come to the conclusion that same-sex couples should be able to adopt children , which is something the new bill will legalize . 
   nobody expects the spanish inquisition, 
  yeah i 'm gon na need an explanation as i do n't get it :(, 
  lots of old people there . 
  similar to italy . 
  holy crap ireland . . giving us our first points ? 
  crazy shit, 
  are we done yet ?
