race to the bottom ... and beyond !, 
  indeed , but for most people ... well , i 'm pretty paranoid about things like that and to be honest , i doubt i could be bothered unless there was a specific transaction i felt i needed to hide . 
   gave a real reason and use case for something like bitcoin to become mainstream . 
  bitcoin is by definition traceable and not necessarily anonymous . 
  i doubt it would help individual privacy much and may even make it worse . 
  i have no idea why people are down voting this - i hope its not because you disagree with the idea ( i 'm not sure i agree with it myself ! ) . 
  as far as i can see it certainly adds to the discussion as witnessed by the comments below ... 
   it will give tax authorities world wide sweeping powers to once and forever get rid of non-compliance to taxation regulation . 
  unless you are super-rich ... 
  same in the uk too - for small amounts there 's an extra quick system . 
  maybe germany could open up an office in greece ... 
  i 'm sure they 'll be very popular there at the moment !, 
  i 'm pretty sure here in the uk they get finger printed so any future attempt would get rejected quite quickly . 
  that gives me a rather radical idea : get rid of cash and do everything electronically with credit/debit cards . 
  save lots of money on the cost of printing/minting and crack down on illegal work at the same time . 
  crazy idea ? 
  probably ... 
  go on ... ? 
  they 've come from a war zone , so i 'd say its not surprising . 
  interesting that so many of these are was related . 
  i propose something from the uk that is n't : big brother . 
  not george orwell 's invention , but the tv series . 
  i 'm sorry guys , we tried but we ca n't kill it no matter how many times we stab it through the heart . 
  i was thinking the sinking of the mary rose - henry viii 's biggest , most powerful battleship of the day . 
  sank more or less inside the port without ever engaging an enemy because the weight of the guns was too much . 
  a proper face/palm moment that . 
  come to think of it , that overweight bastard ( henry , not the mary rose ) was a bit of an all round embarrassment - fat , smelly , murderer and general all round arse hole . 
  he did give the french a kicking , so we sort of let him off . 
  austerlitz has got to be something of a low point too ... 
  isis ? 
  yes , i could go along with that . 
  all muslims ? 
  no , that 's as crazy as saying all germans ( or christians ) are nazis . 
  we call them scottish . 
  interestingly , the opposite - sharing 50/50 - is called going dutch . 
  yes , indeed . 
  when framed like that its hard to wonder if its our just deserts . 
  in any case , as numbers go this is nothing compared to the problems in the med . 
  maybe i was n't clear , but my opinion is europe needs a european wide border control force , and that would include handling calais . 
  ideally , however , they would n't get that far if they are managed properly in the med . 
  afaict not much . 
  there is no european wide border control force so there is n't really a framework to do so . 
  that should probably be fixed . 
  that 's unlikely to make much difference , though - the migrants will still be in calais trying to get across the channel . 
  only the french will be even less likely to bother with stopping them . 
  they might even send our fence back as a big fuck you . 
  a better strategy would be to fix the problem in the med - both sides of the med . 
  i have another radical solution , though : we package those that do make it to europe/calais onto a boat and send them to the us - after all , its their failed interventionist policies that created the mess in the north africa , so maybe they should start having to deal with the consequences . 
  we spent a week in kranjska gora ( beautiful place ) and use quick trips to italy/austria for food ( sorry , slovenia , your food is ... umm ... 
  it was great to drive between the three countries and experience such a wide range of cultures ... italian grilled squid for lunch , wiener schitzel for dinner !, 
  i do n't know , it might even make it worse as desperation kicks in . 
  i think a better example would be none other than the ayatollah himself . 
  put him in a western suit and he would n't stand out in a crowd of european university professors . 
  brits do n't know whether they are european or not until you ask them , hence the referendum ... 
   western roman empire continues as germany through the holy roman empire . 
  austria , surely - i do n't recall the hohenzollern ever claiming the title , but the hapsburgs definitely did . 
  is this not the sort of thing that could be funded through the eu ? 
  as far as i can see there is some funding of trans-national roads , so why not rail too ? 
  you are still doing better than us in the uk . 
  i have no idea why they even bothered including the london-bristol service . 
  it sure as hell does n't feel like high speed anything to me . 
  the only service that could be called high speed is the stretch from london-channel tunnel . 
  and that 's less than 30 mins worth before you hit the tunnel and join a * real * rail network . 
  and that is nub of the matter - currency union without political union is n't going to work . 
  we either need to create a proper political union or recognise that the euro is a dead man walking , with or without greece . 
  part of that must be the realisation that every eurozone country , not just greece , needs to give up some sovereignty . 
  yes , much like richer us states send spend lots of dollars propping up less successful ones . 
  such are the consequences of a currency union . 
  i do n't think this is unique to greece by any stretch of the imagination . 
  i 've had a lot of work done on my home in the last couple of years and on every occasion the builder asked me if i could pay cash - i.e. 
  no receipt , no tax but a much better price . 
   unfair to younger generations pension system be careful what you wish for - forcing these pensioners back in to work will make it harder for younger people to get a job , and the young are already struggling !, 
  [ europe is not banning tourist photos . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/unitedkingdom/blog/index_en.htm ) , direct from the european commision so i expect its accurate , though possibly biased . 
  maybe they need a refresher course ? 
   he only reason india went and got a nuclear weapon was because china was threatening their north-east border . 
  surely it was because pakistan was trying ( and succeeding ) in getting nuclear weapons ? 
  there might not be much love between china and india , but the pakistan and india really should n't be left alone in a room . 
  me too ... not sure what to do with them except keep them as a memento of times gone past . 
  ... and this is why we need the human rights act . 
  yeah , but ours move to the next monday if they land on a weekend . 
  it makes it a bit difficult to do a direct comparison since no other countries ( as far as i know ) do this . 
  probably equates to an extra 2 days on average making it 10 . 
  * stop snow from settling on the roof ( snow is heavy and too much can break the roof ) * somewhere for the ~ ~ slaves ~ ~ staff to sleep . 
  my austrian half just died a little :'(, 
  i 'm thinking the class war people would be closer ( do they still exist ? ), 
  some actual english/uk events : 1066 : norman conquest . 
  out with celts , in with the normans 1215 : the magna carter . 
  the king looses some of his powers to the barons and the framework of our legal system is laid down in law . 
  1588 : the spanish take a liking to our beautiful virgin queen . 
  she 's having none of it and sends them packing . 
  the first golden age and an english empire that begins to spread west to the americas . 
  sadly she has no kids ( hence the virgin ... ) which leads us to ... 1642-55 : english civil war . 
  the scots have a go at running the country and fuck it up several times over causing a revolution . 
  the king loses all of his powers - and his head . 
  turns out cromwell was a bit of a dick too so we invite the scots back again . 
  the king gets some of his powers back , but not much . 
  the agreement formed becomes the basis of our political system . 
  1688 : the glorious revolution : ok , we gave the sots a second change , they still sucked so we let the dutch have a go . 
  1707 : the act of the union : the scottish king goes bust , big time and comes running to the english for help ( do you see a pattern here with scottish kings ? ) .
