  did n't disney buy his stuff ? 
  i mean the fact that / r/sweden is represented by a two colour in this chart . 
  look at sweden, 
  atleast you did n't steal another nations flag . 
  diev\u0173 mi\u0161kas by balys sruoga has a very interesting writing style . 
  it 's abaut a professor who get 's sent to a consentration camp . 
  also skirgaila by vincas kr\u0117v\u0117 is a pretty good book . 
  a historical fiction about northern crusade era court . 
  the only europe-wide television show is the eurovision song contest , an annual singing competition where nations compete to see who can find the worst band . 
  ftfy . 
  but now they can all hate him , together . 
  mission accomplished i would think . 
  that 's because people equate eastern europe with poverty and corruption . 
  close enough, 
  does it say winter holiday on latvia ? 
  the poppy milk part is just called poppy milk and the dough balls are called k\u016b\u010diukai ( koohchukay ) . 
  why ? 
  my flair clearly is a lithuanian flag . 
  we do n't eat meat on christmas eve and you have to eat at least 12 dishes . 
  we also have a drink made from poppy seeds , milk and dough balls . 
  belarus so we could call the country grand republic of lithuania . 
  lithuania here , basically the same . 
  no , milk in cocoa . 
  nope , cocoa on the other hand . 
  yes , and if it was up to me you would have to get a psychological evaluation , get a licence that would need to be renewed every 5 years or so and put every gun you own on somesort of a register . 
  while an outright ban might be going too far a simple background check is not going far enough ( in my opinion anyway ) . 
  so eurovision or football ? 
  okay , my bad sorry . 
  7/50 all i got was the west coast , florida , alaska , texas and hawaii ... 
  you missed romania . 
  that was ... amazing . 
  in a silly way . 
  illegally crossing the border is n't a crime ? 
  yes , the book written by charlemagne 's slightly dyslexic cousin on the building of a perfect capitol . 
  that he is but it 'd still be pretty entertaining to watch a couple of skinheads backpedal after saying something incredibly stupid in some favela in brazil or an la ghetto . 
  hell bring em here we 'll see what 's left of their `` master race '' after they take a late night walk . 
  so an idiot abroad only with a different flavor of idiot . 
  if it makes you feel any better the solidarity movement got about a paragraph in my history book . 
  modern history really should get more attention but i guess the people who decide what gets taught do n't even see it as history . 
  if we are being serious there is only so much political capital we have and we 're already pushing it trying to help ukraine we ca n't help everyone and belarussians do n't even seem to want to help themselves . 
  they sat on their asses for almost a year . 
  the phony war as it 's called, 
  vandals ? 
  visigoths ? 
  during winter you get to choose whether you 'd like the gulag experience there you freeze to death or the holocaust experience there you starve to death because a pension ai n't enough to cover both heating and food . 
  i 'm exaggerating a bit but for some seniors it is pretty close to reality . 
  check if latvia is a disappointment as always and if estonia one up ` ed us again . 
  yup . 
  things as usuall . 
  plain pretty much implies they are meh at best . 
  grand duchy not a king a duke . 
  we will need to find a person with a glorious beard . 
  you just ca n't be a proper duke without a beard . 
  australian model ? 
  the most important thing europeans have in common is the spirit of international cooperation and it 's not a new thing either . 
  be it masons travelling to work on a cathedral in medieval times . 
  classical composers competing or the violent energies of italian anarchist art movements spreading all over europe . 
  the continent has been interconnected in a web of complex often strained relations for over a millennia . 
  this is what makes europe more than a landmass . 
  it 's not that you like us it 's just that if we get invaded and nato falls through you guys are next on the chopping block . 
  you really have no choice . 
  as if anyone other than russia would get nuked every week . 
  although i guess after a couple of weeks the urge to see poland nuke itself might over come us and we might unleash the inner troll . 
  broomstick is actually german spine . 
  goes into ass and it 's all jawohl 's and herr commandants from there . 
  i went to school to learn still did n't learn shit in russian or ethics classes . 
  blet and nachuij usually . 
  sometimes sterva . 
  and most do n't learn anything at all . 
  russian lessons were the most useless ones i had to take even `` woodwork '' was more useful . 
  in a french university . 
  french not polish . 
  they were discovered in france . 
  we 're rebuilding it from the ground up . 
  everything has to go . 
  tbf most europeans use a bastardized mash-up of british english they learned at school and american english they learned from popular media so squabbling over which form of english to use is silly anyway . 
  8 % would n't mean much if it was n't concentrated in a single area . 
  but since it is it 's much more of a problem . 
  tbh what makes a language a language is rather arbitrary for example \u017demaiti\u0161kai is supposed to be a dialect of lithuanian but it is so different to the other dialects no one can understand a goddamned thing they say . 
  that 's interesting here in lithuania christians are called kris\u010dionys and teutonic order are called kry\u017eiuo\u010diai because they had a cross on their banners . 
  our encounters with christianity were not exactly on friendly terms as well . 
  i had already forgotten how unintuitive pds games looked before divine wind . 
  her background is an economical one . 
  it 's understandable that she 'd be pissed . 
  although the statement is a bit too straight forward for politics i guess . 
  we use the czech alphabet and it should also be mentioned that ruthenian and later on polish were used as administrative languages there 's bound to be influences . 
  there 's also the status quo to consider people really hate change and this is something that has always been a certain way . 
  not really you can shift-click on factories to expand all factories that need it you can do the same for capitalist projects and shift-clicking on a fort/railroad expands all forts/railroads in that state . 
  you 'd think they 'd at least keep their propaganda consistent one month it 's fascists being trained in lithuania the next the jews did it . 
  how can anyone take this seriously ? 
  i misunderstood what you said . 
  i thought you meant just making the current currency worth 10 times as much not replacing it with a new one . 
  except you ca n't because people will still have physical money and you do n't want the physical money that is in circulation growing exponentially in buying power in a day . 
  if we only used digital money you could do this but not with physical money . 
  [ hard toothed lithuanians armed with baseball bats are crawling across the beaches breaking into houses ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij0lsewvd-i ), 
  read up on the habsburgs . 
  especially the spanish branch . 
  ugly chicks pissing in the streets and being crass in general . 
  with the way it was passed around between denmark and sweden you ca n't fault the guy for getting confused . 
  you are overestimating most peoples ability to read a map .
