come on you are n't even trying . 
  troll harder . 
  probably does n't want the link in his browsing history . 
  it 's way better imo . 
  well , velnias ( devil ) is a baltic pagan god of trickery so i do n't see any problem here :d, 
  not attacking any of it 's neighbors for at least have a century would be a good start . 
  i for one , welcome our kalmar overlords . 
  well , since you are emigrating that should not be a problem :d, 
  well , i guess that 's one way to reach a two state solution . 
  eventually you 'll have a bridge made entirely out of buses . 
  the one swinging the club is a woman . 
  not sure about the other one . 
  leaves are migratory bastards and have no respect for borders . 
  therefore they belong to whoever gets them first . 
  i believe he means that it implies that balkan countries are poor and therefore you should be offended . 
  cuz feels do n't reel . 
  is n't that because of eu laws though ? 
  fuck bear cavalry we can have kangaroo marines or something . 
  because the trans atlantic one might be similar . 
  the idea is that energy drinks contain drugs other than caffeine such as taurine which might negatively affect the development of minors . 
  that 's what this law is being sold on anyway . 
  dat be grammar , yo . 
  carthage or greece . 
  your choice . 
  is n't that just the old 20th century strategy ? 
  you guys are just rehashing old shit and hoping no one notices . 
  does this include women ? 
  and how many small penises is a large penis worth ? 
  i think uea 's already taken , bro . 
  you 'd rather have my muddy shoes on your elk fur carpet ? 
  worked for the forest brothers . 
  so , why not ? 
  wow , you do n't hate us . 
  do n't worry we can still fight as long as french guyana still stands . 
  no , prosecute the imams for treason and make sure the new ones are n't radical . 
  i do n't think they put the pyramids there . 
  just sort of hide their existence . 
  not that it makes any sense . 
  our politicians ca n't agree whether w is a letter or not . 
  how the hell are we going to corroborate on a missile defence system ? 
  romania is just all over the place . 
  well , squirrels are n't exactly well known for their electrical engineering capability . 
  petition . 
  300k signatures are needed . 
  you ca n't call for a referendum ireland ? 
  that seems oppressive . 
  import grain -  crush it -  profit . 
  our garden tomatoes taste sweet and it 's pretty far north . 
  you do n't normally eat tomatoes raw ? 
  there are too many colours and the branch thingies in the bottom look out of place . 
  burgundy is more sinister looking than red imo and then you could keep the gold motifs . 
  just do n't let finland design it . 
  bad things happen then you let finland play with lions . 
  you brits got four unis on the list already . 
  is that not enough ? 
  do people actually want to be teachers in poland ? 
  here we have a pretty big problem because no one wants to teach . 
  presidents can have varying degrees of power . 
  in fact our president has more power than the kings of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth had and that 's still just a veto and some other things . 
  they 'll have to forge the thrones out of g3 's first . 
  considering how they treat dmca takedown notices on youtube they probably just ca n't be arsed to actually check the requests . 
  because it 's modern . 
  which i think is really cool . 
  not everything has to be a mouldy old castle . 
  there is no way uk 's parliament building is more imposing than romania 's . 
  do n't forget rum ... and grog . 
  grog 's important too . 
  yeah , i thought it 'd be some anti-abolitionist or an anti-civil rights poster . 
  we need a better picture . 
  i am mocking russian rhetoric . 
  are you really this thick ? 
  i was responding to your ridiculous this conflict is between russia and amerikkka nonsense . 
  in case you do n't know i was referring to russian accusations during maidan . 
  they like to call anyone who opposes them fascist . 
  what happened to fascist lithuanian government training ukrainian nazis ? 
  does it no longer fit the narrative ? 
  it 's one of the oldest national symbols in the world . 
  why would we change it ? 
  and that 's how you know that lithuania is the best baltic state . 
  we have 100 % more roller coasters than the other two put together . 
  sorry mate , but that 's beyond my competence to answer . 
  similar incentives to eastern and southern states to mitigate corruption and create security for private and eu investment . 
  there are ways to improve standards of living in africa which do n't involve the incorruptible europeans saving africa from it 's own incompetence . 
  but now you are paying the corrupt incompetent government of the african nation . 
  and let 's not forget that to run the city you 'll still need local officials which means that you need some sort of incentive for them to move from europe to africa at best it eats into the profit of your new factories at worst you get people who are either out to profiteer or ones who fucked up so hard they were send out to the fringe to minimise the political fallout and that 's just administration . 
  you 'd also need law enforcement some sort of border control , medical assistance , etc. 
  so neocolonialism . 
  also , how do you propose we acquire these coastal cities ? 
  you never know russia could always call bullshit . 
  are you really sure the west would be willing to act for latvia ? 
  because i sure as hell are n't . 
  the bosporus or the russian navy does n't mean shit then you border russia or one of their satellites . 
  put it to a referendum and you 'll know if it 's just a loud minority or the will of the people . 
  those street name plaques were never legal to begin with . 
  damn we tanked in 2009 . 
  it does n't if you paint the minus battleship grey . 
  just nail it to the tree . 
  nothing danish self-defence forces ca n't fix . 
  what about kiel canal ? 
  does n't that count as a moat ?
