  they know france uk germany spain italy and maybe sweden ( if they do n't think it 's switzerland ) aswell as their local region and do n't give a fuck about the rest . 
  that would be base . 
  but then what if the bad guy is carrying base ? 
  all terrain amphibious bearcavalry . 
  truly a devastating weapon . 
  well , you ca n't just go around taking the out of ze germans they have state of the art broomstick technology and they are n't afraid to use it . 
   performance takes a nosedive and the school 's funding get 's cut because of a lack of results . 
  i never understood the reasoning behind such behaviour surely what should be done is an investigation should be launched and if necessary the administration should be sacked not resources being taken away from already struggling schools . 
  but it was n't corny enough this year . 
  would that make football even more gay ? 
  is that even possible ? 
  i personally think that was the best part of this years eurovision . 
  most of the performances this year were boring . 
  lithuania , so fascist even the russians hate russia . 
  her accent was super thick . 
  in some societies slaves actually did get paid . 
  this assumes you were a house slave . 
  not some jackoff slaving away in the fields or the even more fun one the mines . 
  why did i just watch all of it ? 
  pfft , dump em on one of the islands and be done with it . 
  i personally suggest reunion . 
  just because someone has it worse does n't mean you ca n't enjoy the fruits of your labour . 
  nor should people be shamed because of the ways they choose to spend the money they earned . 
  what about priest ? 
  or druid ( although i guess they can wear leather ) ? 
  or everyones favorite bard ? 
  do you have any idea how hard it is to jab a pitchfork between armor plates ? 
  big empty was the first thing i thought of then i saw this . 
  if a priest does it it 's called divine providence :d, 
  if you call going to church on easter and if you 're really religious christmas catholic when sure . 
  most people under the age of 55 around here do n't give half a fuck about religion . 
  that 's actually how sundays are depicted in lithuanian literature too . 
  men rushing from the church to the tavern getting smashed on `` the devils drops '' ( vodka ) . 
  the worst hedonists skipping church altogether . 
  in the case of ukrainians ? 
  holodomor is reason enough . 
  the lhc has words large and collider in it . 
  it 's totally a cool name for equipment we just got used to it . 
  [ mc messiah - ar \u012f tave nepana\u0161us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1jr9_c9qfc ) a bit different to the rhyming style of most lithuanian rap but still good . 
  really ? 
  do you live in a rural area ? 
  because i do n't think i know anyone who goes to church on a regular basis . 
  you can be into historic stuff without wanting to support some guy 's decadence with public funds just because he happens to be related to some broad . 
  it 's official big interpreter ruined eu . 
  people often are scared of things they do n't understand . 
  usually for silly reasons . 
  perfect for assassinating political dissidents . 
  because it 's bland and vytis is awesome . 
  we would have some legitimacy to a flag like that if it was a yellow double cross on a blue background but it still would look retarded . 
  finally the cap 's real purpose can be revealed . 
  as a side note , i now want to see our bio-titan duke it out with liberty prime . 
  you do realise long winter nights also mean long summer days . 
  we get sunrises at 4am during the summer and we 're not that far north . 
  hence the destruction of the finnish paper industry . 
  they just could n't keep up with such advancements . 
  other than the fact that for nr .1 we sometimes also blame poland or russia this list applies to lithuania aswell . 
  but that 's relevant to the subject being studied ( although we had people who were on our old money in lithuanian and dukes and kings in history ) . 
  tbf it 's one thing to have a principal who has no sense of taste when it comes to decorating his office and a completely different thing to have government mandated portraits of the current head of state in ** every ** classroom . 
  south korea had fuck all for resources too and look and them now . 
  resources are n't the be all end all of industry having an educated population helps out a lot . 
  well , you are what you eat . 
  * the thing is then i internet i tend to think in english so now i have to translate from english into lithuanian . 
  i liked that ... is that bad ? 
  not at all . 
  finland was considered a baltic state in the interbellum period . 
  not so much now . 
  what exactly is the point of adding ex-soviet ? 
  all three baltic states are ex-soviet you are n't adding any sort of distinction . 
  the catholics might have the nicest religious head but they ai n't got nothing on tactical jesus delivery . 
  well it 's a much better reason then then one i came up with :d, 
  hera for lithuania because we never forget athena for estonia because they pride themselves the techy one aphrodite for latvia because that 's the only one left :p, 
  russia has been exporting destruction and misery since forever anyway . 
  that 's some spaceage 1850 's technology . 
  but eesti already into merkelreich . 
   why is australia not an island ? 
  and  no. 2 why is australia a continent ? 
  are the same question asked in two different ways . 
  oh trust me most students do n't take their studies seriously here either . 
  although the fact that the quality of lecturers and study programmes is lacking to say the least is not helping . 
  you can also get a social stipend if you 're from a socially supported family . 
  the fuckers could supposedly survive a nuclear winter . 
  you can bet your ass they can survive a lithuanian one . 
  pasta is not the main dish there . 
  kotlet is and you eat kotlet with whatever you have in your hause . 
  actually make kotlet with whatever you have in your house too . 
  it 's a very versatile eastern european dish . 
  while you have to pass certain thresholds to get into uni ( higher for the free spots than the ones you have to pay for out of pocket ) it 's not exactly super hard and if for whatever reason the study programme you choose still has open spots after second round of picks they take in pretty much any idiot . 
  granted you probably wo n't get exactly what you wanted on third round but still better than nothing . 
  as if fieldland is any better . 
  do n't worry we have the nebulous `` business '' and `` management '' degree farms here in ee . 
  for what it 's worth green is associated with police here in lithuania . 
  i do n't see why we should switch even if the brits leave english is gon na be the most spoken language . 
  older and rural people tend to be let 's say on the heavier side . 
  which is silly since if that was true i 'd be 2d by now . 
  you 're right it 's not mass murder based on race it 's mass murder based on whether you are educated and not poor . 
  same shit different shade . 
  communists, 
  far left has as well . 
  how about we do n't move the goal posts , eh ? 
  because the ones in cities look exactly the same as in the west .
