  st. helena fit 's the bill better does n't it ? 
  that 's an old screen shot it does n't even have african interior in it . 
  how the hell do you not know about the `` lifting the skirt '' trope ? 
  sounds more like an imperial unit to me . 
  feet , arms , european shlongs . 
  i doubt it 's just the rural areas black people who study in kaunas feel uneasy at first because locals stare at them and kaunas is the second biggest city in lithuania . 
  it ca n't be much different in poland . 
  the rus people or ruthenians are not the same thing as russians . 
  it used to be the biggest hub of scum and villainy in europe if you were forced to run from the place you lived in because of shady dealings you went to napoli it 's also famous for some rather macabre art . 
  not being the biggest most mobile front in wwi also helps ( not that our cities were that beautiful ), 
  comes with a price though . 
  that price being clouds covering the clouds that are covering the sun . 
  we usually only have one layer of clouds here . 
  the * refugees * do n't actually want to come here and since our oh so wise western friends would never dream of coercing them there 's really not much of a problem . 
  aye , that 's not out of the ordinary for january but it 's still never pleasant then you ca n't touch your ears for fifteen minutes after going outside . 
  do n't you need the cooperation of the surrounding states to enter the airspace anyway ? 
  not even snow wants to invest in eastern poland . 
  have you ever played the witcher games ? 
  basically like that . 
  especially the first one . 
  perfect , no white guilt then . 
   the russians wo n't invade western europe this sort of thinking is exactly why we do n't want to rely on europe . 
  the only countries we can really rely on are poland ( because if the alliance fails they 're next on the chopping block ) and usa ( because if they fail to enforce their hegemony there 's no telling how far the next upstart will go ) there 's no guarantee the brits wo n't cynically declare fortress britain and germans with the french start placating russia . 
  atleast we 're only staying backwards not regressing like latvia . 
  the church is a morally bankrupt backwards institution that demands payment for services of dubious value from the grieving and desperate . 
  every advancement is countered sooner or later it 's just a matter of time . 
  it 's based on the un definition of northern europe . 
  you can just put the origin country ( or the country you currently reside in ) in the text thingy you see then you hover over the flair . 
   scotland has no money going to trident . 
  it 's a net receiver from the uk government . 
  the budget of scotland is impacted by x mln pounds every month by the trident program . 
  there slap that on the bus . 
  we all know facts are only a manipulation created by experts . 
  because i do n't believe in inherited debt . 
  it 's also why i find the fact that germans still pay israel exorbitant amounts of money for basically nothing abhorent . 
  also because they are xeno scum  :d, 
  they just chuck your bags under the plane if there 's no space in the cabin though . 
  i do n't disagree i just think it 's too much post . 
  the thing about post processing is that it 's great then it 's subtle and can really easily enter the kichy area if abused . 
  i sometimes feel bad about the sorry state of affairs in my country but then someone from romania or the balkans reminds me it could be so much worse . 
  so thanks guys , i guess . 
  and good luck catching up to the west we all need it . 
  you 're right it 's way too hot take that shirt off . 
  it 's the magic of over processing . 
  the technology does n't really matter . 
  that 's some kerbal level science . 
  up here we 'd get nice long summer evenings anyway so yeah all that clock fuckery is just makes winter even more unbearably dark . 
  i walked to school alone all the time . 
  the sun does n't start rising until 8 in winter here . 
  so i was walking in the dark anyway i 'd much rather would 've had an extra hour of light to play not in complete darkness . 
  there 's meat on the inside of the potatoes . 
  the potatoes also have a somewhat rubbery consistency . 
  i like the long summer days . 
  if i was rich i 'd live in the south during winter and up here during summer . 
  such is life in baltics . 
  on the other hand the sun sets for like 5 hours during the summer so we just take the good with the bad . 
  because i do n't give a shit about the sun during the day . 
  i stay in a store all day and there 's no windows . 
  also , it 's not then the sun is up . 
  it 's then it starts rising during the winter it only gets up around 11 so at best it 'll be gleaming in my eyes as i walk to work . 
  even worse for those that drive . 
  winters are dark up north either way dst or not . 
  an hour does n't matter then the sun goes up at 9 and goes down at 16, 
  how would utc be better than cet ? 
  atleast cet is somewhat in the middle of europe ( russia excluded ) . 
  it 's even more pointless more farther north . 
  it does n't matter if the sun rises at 9 or 10 nor does it matter if it sets at 16 or 17 the lights are gon na be on for most of the day anyway . 
  eh , this way you do n't need to rename it everytime a new king takes the throne :d, 
  it used to be cheesy nonsense now people actually try . 
  needs are endless but resources available to us are finite . 
  so unless you suppose that we all become rock quarry robot technicians and strip mine the entire planet we will eventually hit a point at which there 's not enough jobs to go around . 
  eu best overlord ever . 
  would be snatched again . 
  gib via baltica plz . 
  it 's pretty simple . 
  these people believe that being gay is wrong and they also believe that you 'll infect the kids with the gay . 
  it 's stupid but logical . 
  your 10 year old passport is gon na look wildly different anyway . 
  i was thinking more along the vilnius klaip\u0117da line . 
  not sure if trains even run to latvia/estonia anymore . 
  depends on the route and on whether or not the lines are being fixed but they are usually slightly faster . 
  it 's fine we 'll just build an underground annex . 
  that way then the time for the revolution comes we can just flush them down the thames . 
  the two are n't exclusive . 
  deported where ? 
  the west clearly lacks the balls to send these people where ever they came from . 
  are you going to deport them to the east ? 
  and if so what when ? 
  are we supposed to put them in concentration camps ? 
  it 's been happening for as long as civilization has existed . 
  just because someone is in hardship does n't mean someone else has to spend their resources to help them . 
  this holds especially true if the first and second person have nothing in common . 
  a dictatorship of the elites is an oligarchy . 
  granted no state is ever going to call itself an oligarchy . 
  edit : replaced masses with elites because i 'm dumb . 
  you do make a valid point . 
  engineers are notorious for saying things are impossible to do . 
  what it usually means is it 's impossible to do it on schedule on this budget and it 's overly complex anyway . 
  you can get a proper pizza if you go to a proper restaurant . 
  if you go to a regular place the damn things are way too dry .
