  who needs conquest when you have glorious political marriage . 
  the spirit of ~ ~ von habsburgs ~ ~ algirdas is with us . 
  housing is cheaper food and electronics cost about the same as in the west . 
  food used to be a bit cheaper but after we adopted the euro costs rose . 
  implying americans need to be goaded into taking an opportunity to use their guns . 
  you are assuming that russian border guards are n't corrupt as hell . 
  germans segregate the students pretty early . 
  this offcourse has it 's own problems especially if you find out that a student was misplaced in a lower tier because it can be hard to catch up . 
  the scary space kind . 
  they offcourse do n't know that we can science the shit out of them with that sweet lab and workshop bonus . 
  that totally flew over your head . 
  considering that were was a `` delegation '' that went to moscow to ask for lithuania to get annexed into the ussr probably that it was voluntary . 
  the most famous person on this delegation was solom\u0117ja neris depending on how import poetry is to you she is either a great poet or a dumb bint who should 've stayed out of international politics . 
  ca n't speak about the other countries . 
  no , i 'm an independence baby . 
  not that i did n't see more than my fare share of kamaz and lada, 
  yes , he 's protecting the polish environment from gay things . 
  like flowers , sunshine or color . 
  you would n't want polish children to grow not surrounded by grey commie blocks now would you ? 
  you can go even further than the partitions if you want . 
  the war over livonia the russian army presiding over the seim there 's many many reasons to hate russia, 
  that man is one wrong move away from wasting beer via spillage . 
  this is nothing new they spew bullshit about the baltics being their greatest enemies all the time . 
  ftfy . 
  or they had connections in the party and are bitter that they lost privileges . 
  you have to remember that uk has common law . 
  this could set a precedent for future rulings . 
  the payout 's gon na be shit though . 
  yes , let 's make the east clean up our mess so then it 's finished we can call them horrible racists while denying any wrong doing of our own . 
  another brilliant plan . 
  no thank you . 
  internalized misogyny is cause of conservatism among women in the far left world . 
  it 's really great then everyone who does n't agree with you is either the enemy or a victim of the oppressive global cabal . 
  i know . 
  the point is no one is gon na be marching very far . 
  maybe to a bus stop . 
  that was before wide spread use of motorized vehicles . 
  even nazis used trains to transport people to concentration camps . 
  it was n't bad behavior in ee 20 years ago either but we somehow managed to get our shit somewhat ship shape, 
  no need , just idealism and naivete . 
  idealism drives the `` these are all poor refugees '' sentiment and naivete raises the tolerance for bullshit to absurd levels . 
  atleast they can somewhat stand on their own without ridiculous amounts of bonuses a la civ . 
  although lucky nations is still a bullshit way to make european nations even more powerful than the game would suggest . 
  cart needs a shittily drawn commonwealth flag on a broom duct taped to the back then it 'd be perfect . 
  no one said they actually function . 
  relics of a forgotten age they are . 
  one there you and all your friends live in gated communities there the filthy rabble ca n't get in . 
  absolutely not , you shuffle anything around in english and it sounds like garbled nonsense . 
  welcome to the baltic states , 
  curse you big riot !!, 
  being able to flip flop between eastern and central europe depending on what 's more convenient is also quite nice . 
   i 've read that refugees in germany are threatening suicide if they do n't get what they want sounds like a self correcting problem . 
  pfft , look at the glorious mountain nation of lithuania and weep in despair ( bhutan , i think ), 
  and let the vasa 's determine the policy ? 
  poland will be renamed polistan within a decade . 
  some of the politicians that used to be commies just became members of other parties their views are generally not as dogmatic as the communist party itself was . 
  there was the peoples front but pretty much no one but delutional old farts voted for them . 
  the green peasant alliance has some pretty far left views . 
  basically it 's political suicide to be associated to communism . 
  hell it 's better to be associated with the impeached president . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're supposed to have an id when you cross into another country even if no one 's there to check it . 
  it 's in response to another comment and besides if french wankers can post entire articles in french i do n't see any problem . 
  wait ? 
  does that mean that the last mane of augustus was eight ? 
  it 's pretty common for baltic and slavic mythology to be intertwined after all between the commonwealth and later the russian empire we were kinda stuck with each other . 
  just give the syllables you stole from welsh back and you 'll all be grand . 
  as a side note does - gh that 's written at the end of certain words make any sound or is it just silent ? 
  it 's not the lack of limits the people find strange it 's that your idea for dealing with the problem of the mass migration is to pawn these refugees onto others and the fact that you apparently did n't consider the fact that others might not be very enthusiastic about your great solution . 
  something something ~ ~ wooden ~ ~ steel wall . 
  offcourse not . 
  those were laum\u0117s you should be happy they did n't drown you in the river . 
  if someone asked me such an asinine question i 'd probably give them a sarcastic yes . 
  you could easily set up a temporary airfield in a couple of months it would n't be pretty but it 'd get the job done . 
  there are these things called planes . 
  they are capable of flight . 
  do n't underestimate the power of the italian strike . 
  just because they said they 'll take 400 does n't mean they wo n't do it as if their hands were backwards . 
  i can already see it . 
  the europarlament agenda : 1 . 
  refugee quota 2 . 
  hitler statue quota 3 . 
  dress regulations to not appear slutty to our new cultural enrichers, 
  just nuke all of italy and turkey just to be safe . 
  no , the only thing that can stop a bad muslim with a bomb is a good muslim with a bomb . 
  richard -  rick -  dick, 
  poonished, 
  that 's not my point the fact that the police are withholding reports for any reason is hindering the democracy of sweden . 
  police are supposed to uphold the law not meddle in politics . 
  it 's the best we 've got and people should remember that democracy does n't end at the voting booth sadly lots do n't even make it that far . 
  the fact that the police are unwilling to act because the reality does n't fit the political agenda is really fucked up . 
  it depends on where in the house you are and what you are doing summertime grilling ? 
  you 'll be staying mostly in the backyard so leave the shoes on . 
  a semi-formal gettogether ? 
  take your nasty ass wet/muddy foot canoes off i 'll find a pair of slippers for you ( most houses have an almost infinite supply of slippers ) . 
  bullshitting with friends ? 
  bare feet it is ( socks stay on ) . 
  winter shoes do n't exactly let your feet breathe . 
  well that jesus guy was pretty socialist if you ask me . 
  it 's those other guys that fucked it up . 
  oh well , everyone does i guess .
