  soviets invaded the baltic states first not the nazis , mate . 
  lithuania was a kingdom for only 10 years . 
  it should be a grand duchy . 
  well offcourse they just get in the way then marching . 
  such efficiency . 
   close to the master race , which they might join after certain corrective measures had been taken by the germans . 
  those certain measures being sprinkling zyklon-b on anyone they decided was too slavic looking . 
  i 'll never understand why some people fetishize hitler thinking we were close to the master race . 
  just because you have president does n't mean he has to have a lot of power . 
  it can be a more or less ceremonial title . 
  usa is politically broken because of fptp and electoral college both of which are features eu does n't share with usa, 
  all wood is fragile on a long enough scale . 
  wood is susceptible to moisture damage and fungal attack . 
  there 's lot 's of small swamps in lithuania and you guys ca n't be much different . 
  it 's not that i think latvia is some huge swamp it 's just that there 's probably some swamp within 30 km of each and every city . 
  that 's because french are n't retarded and did n't shut down all of their nuclear power plants for no good reason . 
  it 's latvia offcourse there 's a swamp near by . 
  got any sources ? 
  i could laugh my ass off right abut now . 
  it 's just some paint it 's not like they permanently destroyed anything . 
  no one cares about you canada . 
   reverse discrimination no such thing exists . 
  the reverse of discrimination is tolerance . 
  no no no in this case it 's okay to ban . 
  tuna is closer to meat than most fish . 
  it has a more rigid feel, 
  because it tastes good and you do n't have to clean up it 's shit . 
   bit embaressing when parts of your military can be bought like that i think . 
  so long that they are n't fighting some meaningless war in africa i do n't see what 's wrong with making some money off of your armed forces . 
  let 's not kid , it 's britain not germany . 
  it 'll be poorly formatted and cause massive delays but the queue will be orderly . 
  true true, 
  yeah and you maximize the fun by leaving the shitty bars asap, 
  it depends on the kind of beer you 're drinking really . 
  a pint of generic ass hell light beer ? 
  go ahead and chug . 
  a rich dark beer or an imported exotic beer ? 
  enjoy and savour it . 
  you can easily go pub crawling with a couple of buddies and then it can be really easy to go fast . 
  a group with shared culture and heritage is a nation not a country . 
  because it is protectionism, 
  he 's ignoring your rather ridiculous notion that ireland gets invaded because it 's completely outside the realm of reality . 
  who is gon na invade ireland ? 
  iceland ? 
  italy is a member state of the eu and we have obligations to help each other . 
  neither syria nor libya are the matter is completely different . 
  the prices of staple foods could n't have gone up because of the deteriorating relations with russia . 
  that created a surplus, 
  lithuania is a magical place my friend then the oil prices went down it translated to jack shit because `` it 'll take a while for the effects of this to take place '' but then they go up everything gets more expensive instantly . 
  well maybe it atleast would make eurovision less shit . 
   nation of springs spring time of nations, 
  i 'd imagine representation in the europarliament and return to status quo being the strongest arguments . 
  then we are on the same page my friend, 
  that only applies to large scale infrastructure . 
  it would in no way affect anything that can be produced in one country and then shipped . 
  no , fuck snow . 
  it 's referred to as both peoples republic in lithuanian . 
  i still think e s a would be a better pronunciation . 
  closest you can get to atlantis then . 
  i have never met anyone who eats watermelon with a spoon . 
  atleast they can afford care somewhere . 
  i find it weird that the [ chaser ] ( http://img71.echo.cx/img71/1313/untitled10cx.jpg ) is n't included under lithuanian flags and neither is the flag of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  if that so called iron curtain did n't exist you 'd all be bitching about how lithuania just let 's illegal immigrants into eu or some such . 
  i 'm glad someone already asked that so i did n't have to . 
  or people will invent alphabetism . 
  blood soaked earth . 
  the best kind ( lot 's of nutrients in blood ) . 
  and being unlucky is an argument for making someone have a child when they are n't ready ? 
  chauvinism however is exactly that . 
   can help you prevent pregnancies in ** most cases ** . 
  here 's your answer . 
  a condom is n't foolproof . 
  in fact fools are the biggest cause of condom failure . 
  northern lights . 
  i would say that 's pretty norwayish . 
  not only do we buy pasteurized milk it also comes in bags . 
  in lithuania 's sake that is true , but that 's mostly because while a rare sight people of other races can be seen in bigger cities which is not so in smaller ones . 
  it 's more of an ignorance thing rather than malice . 
  is there a city in gotland ? 
  if there is then that city . 
  large scale economics do n't make any sense . 
  you can think highly of other nations while still being patriotic . 
  i cheer for other eu nations anyway so why not . 
  oh , and we could probably give us and china a run for there money as a single team . 
  i 'm sure you would have been happier under a golden horde occupation instead . 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  you do n't sound surprised at all . 
  because putting france in it 's very own group would be too hilarious . 
  but who is going to maintain our bridges if we kick out our resident troll ? 
  church of all mighty levitating cat is the only true religion you heretic . 
  yup . 
  you were annexed and enslaved by the teutonic order not the templars , well even that 's not really true you were annexed and enslaved by the livonian brothers of the sword who became a part of teutons after they lost the battle saule . 
  i heard he had a cousin named dog . 
  cars have generators in them . 
  meh , if an asian country can host it aussies should be able to enter . 
  we 'll spread it . 
  do n't worry . 
  i say we take all the dogs put them in volkswagens and gas them . 
  that 'll teach does hitler loving pro-unitarians . 
  always i want be with you ( sorry could n't stop myself ),
