  the de jure capitol has always been vilnius . 
  i n fact vilnius was purpose built to be the capitol of the country . 
  and castille is gone . 
  the fuck did i just watch ? 
  [ garb\u0117s kuopa ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knxdtfvpqze ) was a pretty good series . 
  not the second season that sucked . 
  depending on that the context demands either vytis ( the knight on the coat of arms ) or a blonde in traditional dress . 
  we 'll declare war on nature . 
  no one breaks our greatest artefact . 
  oh no , a plate might fall off the cupboard . 
  we 'll be doomed . 
  but people is green which means french are martians . 
  stuck in no data land as always . 
  actually , the horse has a `` wtf dude ? '', 
  look on his face . 
  [ the old flag ] ( http://www.kleckas.lt/blog/wp-content/uploads/vytis-herbas.jpg ) was too red so a new one was made . 
  if you live in some backwater village the best you can get is phoneline so it 's probably better to not have any at all . 
  who exactly is `` they '' ? 
  ha ha ha i would totally go to alien nut job conventions and say stuff like `` as an alien ... '' if i had a passport like that . 
  a fishing trip to pripyat has it 's perks suppose . 
  it 's clean . 
  which is always nice . 
  could be because cars are relatively private when compared to a store line . 
  oh , carry on then . 
  i think he meant the ones that paint a dot on their forehead not the ones that have feathers in their hair . 
  the interstate is straight enough and has few intersections with other roads compared to european highway systems . 
  sweet . 
  you ca n't use live in these countries . 
  so you could buy an xbone and bring it over the border but all you 'd have is a black brick . 
  they took it to a whole new level . 
  do n't forget habsburgs . 
  they inbred themselves into idiocy . 
  the key word here is local . 
  scandinavian banks did offer cheaper loans in euros but it 's still not really euro 's fault . 
  do you only step off through the front door or do you shout ? 
  that part was supposed to be a sort of a joke . 
  they took over asia minor as a horde , then converted to islam they invented kebab . 
  they got they 're ass kicked at wien by poles ( we would 've helped but got lost ) . 
  istambul means the city . 
  hagia sophia used to be a cathedral . 
  that 's about it . 
  everything is a competition . 
  unless were losing , when it 's either not a competition or estonia is adopted . 
  you 're not gon na dump a body in a bog for no reason . 
  the questions would have a social liberal bias which would skew the end results . 
  what does [ sic ] mean ? 
  it 's not misleading if you read the key . 
  the point is to not win . 
  but you do n't even have a first official language ... 
  i think were on the wrong team : / . 
  stupid autobalance . 
  surely you have some cougars in ireland . 
  drop the apostrophe, 
  what 's your opinion on that ? 
  everything runs on booze . 
  provided it 's strong enough . 
  since were on the topic here 's a fun fact : in lithuania cops are sometimes called agurkai because they wear green uniforms . 
  he knew how to keep the morale of both the troops and the general populace high so he was a good war time leader . 
  do people get thrown out of malls for vagrancy ? 
  never seen an \u0105\u017eerty keyboard in my life . 
  i 'm pretty sure there was an old soviet motorbike called riga or it might have been a piano ca n't remember . 
  so they found orange mould and called it orange mould , shocking . 
  mandela is 95 so it 's not hard to assume he would be dead . 
  the nazi party on the other hand was . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vilnius#early_history i know it 's wikipedia but i learnt it in history class and ca n't be bothered finding a more credible link . 
  vilnius was purpose built to be the new capitol of the united baltic tribes . 
  grand duke gediminas built it and transferred his court ( if it can really be called a court ) there from trakai . 
  the commonwealth period was fine it 's the interlude that people get pissed about and with good reason poland unlawfully invaded and annexed our capitol . 
  poland is the france of the east . 
  by which i mean no one really likes them . 
  thick is n't that bad . 
  black ice is a lot more annoying . 
  well , it is overstaying it 's welcome . 
  first one pass out from drunkenness loses . 
  and they say the church is n't forward thinking . 
  even if it is accidental . 
  in the city ? 
  in the country side ? 
  every year for a couple of days while extra ploughs which usually service the suburbs come the country roads may become inaccessible . 
  beauty does demand sacrifice after all . 
  eh , if we did this lithuania would look much better with the chaser in the middle of the stars instead of the tricolour . 
  someones cranky . 
  do n't forget the 1/32 of you left in america . 
  what the hell there you expecting ? 
  this subreddit is called / r/europe offcourse were gon na try to skew stats in our favor . 
  especially if it means volkswagens are involved . 
  castles are overrated . 
  a palace is a much nicer place to organize an orgy . 
  how does laughing at religious nutjobs translate into racism ? 
  dawn of time being northern crusades . 
  siege of wiena . 
  lithuania had a slightly larger standing army iirc . 
  he could 've meant that . 
   835122.882 furlongs/fortnight god damn you , i almost spit tea all over my laptop . 
  other than the memorial and the hydroinstitute they look pretty cool . 
  but you filtered out ass and lego . . 
  are n't they orthodox or something ? 
  atleast we do n't proclaim a tournament to be a world series and then play by ourselves . 
  they do exist but no one cares because the words they come up with sound stupid . 
  queen consort,
