  wicher 2 has some hints towards witcher 1 but it is n't necessary to play 1 to enjoy 2 . 
  2 also has some cinematics explaining the main plot points of 1 . 
  and how does a euro id help with this exactly ? 
  they have to deal with belarus ( not a big problem ) and lithuania ( very much a problem ) . 
  i do n't know how other countries do it but lithuanian id 's have everything in both lithuanian and english so i do n't see how it couses any problems . 
  i never said it was my toilet . 
   this is why you all should invest in eastern poland i might as well throw my money down the toilet :d, 
  a wizard is probably who started this whole mess . 
  they clearly need a witcher . 
  everyone . 
  best part is italy ca n't ruin our plans by sucking this time . 
  the video clip is the best thing about that song . 
  that shit was on the radio for two years straight ( atleast in lithuania ) i pretty much know the lyrics even though i have no idea what they mean . 
  that 's excessive . 
  that was genuinely horrible . 
  good job . 
  also known as the party merger via congaline song . 
  turns out 90 's pop music is much better then you do n't understand hat they are singing about . 
  i am not faking history . 
  he 's just not my favorite monarch . 
  he 's probably my fifth favorite . 
  oh come on , batoras gave us winged hussars . 
  they are bad ass . 
  all mindaugas did was get assassinated . 
  he expanded the grand duchy dealt a cripling blow to the golden horde from which it never recovered at blue waters . 
  faught of the muscovites multiple times . 
  if it has to be a king then stefan batory he opened the university of vilnius and reformed the army . 
  exactly my point . 
  you are forgetting about the american aid soviets received . 
  only vicky players care about borders . 
  everyone else blobs to the max . 
  come on your tv porn must be dubbed by a woman . 
  ours is anyway . 
  they should have clear suspicions to stop you in the first place . 
  no , just in general . 
   the fact that that 's an arrestable offence is a bit concerning why ? 
  if the officer ca n't communicate with the person surely detaining him/her and waiting for an interpreter is the best course of action . 
  why does it matter if your pets are gay or not ? 
  we have optional religion studies your parents can choose either ethics or religion studies . 
  i had them one year and it was the biggest waste of time imaginable . 
  20 + 18 year olds ( who only chose the class because ethics clashed with more important classes ) impeding the `` teachers '' tries at `` teaching '' just as worthless as `` economics '' . 
  get on it poland . 
  how many people voted anyway ? 
  i have a feeling that most did n't even bother to go vote because they thought that grybauskaite would win anyway . 
  he 's talking about economic sanctions ( or the lack of them ) against russia . 
  with reddit you can never know . 
  have you seen unemployment statistics ? 
  people are already having trouble finding a job and some of them are way too over qualified for the jobs they do and you want flood the workforce with uneducated poorly trained workers ? 
  it 's not the 19th century anymore . 
  we do n't use child labour . 
  but brown already has a beachhead in green . 
  do n't be surprised the border of western/eastern europe is completely arbitrary , depends on who ask and if it 's currently raining or not . 
  that 's a reactionary stance though ... 
  the real question should be is he willing to play thermonuclear chicken with the west over eastern latvia . 
  the french were in control of that region and it was about 50/50 split between lithuanians and germans . 
  irradiating a resource rich area is not a good plan especially if you 're a poor country which would get embargoed up the ass if you pulled something like that . 
  madrid is not any better . 
  they probably have families to feed and revolutions come with all kinds nasty after effects . 
  they might lose their jobs or get persecuted just for being a cop under the previous regime . 
  attacking unarmed people would only serve to further russian goals . 
  there was a winter it was just compressed into january . 
  now fix lithuania =d, 
  i think you mean mirv 's, 
  is good joke but serious russia has never into new anything . 
  what does the old europe/new europe even mean anyway ? 
  do n't worry we have dz d\u017e and ch . 
  albeit we rarely use them . 
  all the time . 
  got ta keep that complaining skill sharp you know . 
  these dorms are super bad by eastern european standards too . 
  cops are there to impose law if they abuse their power or not is up for courts to determine . 
  because they are n't doing it in baja ( mexico ) . 
  a model is called maneken\u0117 in lithuanian so i very much daubt it . 
  probably just something that 's been lost in translation . 
  should n't italy be a model 's dream instead of a mannequin 's dream ? 
  unluckily they tend to take others who had nothing to do with their stupidity with them . 
  war on the war on the roads in action . 
  people do n't like being told what to do especially than it is being done in a condescending and moralising way . 
  i 'm amazed people are googling lithuania at all . 
  how big are scandinavian houses ? 
  if they tend to be single or two story houses with 6 rooms or so than it 's not exactly comparable to here our houses tend to be big so living with your parents is more like renting half a house rather than living in your mothers basement . 
  you heard it op , stack 'em . 
  to a certain extent , yes but knowing what is going on in the world is much more a necessity than a commodity . 
  you also ca n't really trust traditional media ergo the livestream . 
  it might seem hypocritical to watch people out in the cold demanding the government explain it 's actions while you 're sitting comfortably at home but a direct unedited source is really the only way you can make a truly unbiased opinion . 
  if you watch it for entertainment . 
  yes . 
  if you watch it to get an unedited view of what is going . 
  fine , but you 're gon na have to help us get the rest of the grand duchy back . 
  greece did have colonies in sicily . 
  so it 'd only be a bit of a stretch . 
  nah , mocap suits and ultra visceral simulations using the input provided by said suits . 
  try a massive snow storm in june . 
  last year was fun . 
  they are completely irrelevant until the partitions of the commonwealth come . 
  after the partitions are over they are once again irrelevant until the duke gets killed and sets off wwi , then hitler . 
  very well , you win i did n't see the updated map before . 
  the fact kaunas is on the map implies op meant to start at the republic not the duchy, 
  i 'm kinda going for interwar republic like the original map not the medieval duchy . 
  kaunas was only the de facto capitol of interwar lithuania .
