  we do n't want them here either . 
  the only ones who want them here are hippy dippy commies , the wealthy elite and their politician lapdogs . 
  what do you suppose we do ? 
  build konslagers and put the refugees in cages so your stupid numbers look better ? 
  merkel kept pushing the same redistribution agenda even then it was clear that such a policy was n't going to work . 
  not to mention that she unilaterally decided to ignore the rules set out by the schengen treaty . 
  she is a very big part of the reason anti-eu rhetoric gained popularity in the eastern part of the union . 
  acting like our opinion does n't matter and trying to dictate how we should think ( lest we be seen like horrible racist xenophobes ) conjures up images of empires and no one singed up to be part of the franco-german empire . 
  there were a lot more germans in usa than poles dutch or scandinavians . 
  not to mention the regions there does cultures congregated to do have a certain undercurrent to local life that is influenced by that culture . 
  they managed to integrate perfectly because of the anti-german sentiment that started around ww1 and got even stronger during ww2, 
  actually he would have four or five ( ca n't remember which ) because you can make more than 3 distinct pairs with 3 variables . 
  i 'd personally prefer we have another qualified person check your data and then have a yet another qualified person check it too . 
  also , do n't do calculations on a phone if you have butterfingers . 
  it 's possible some are naturalised or got polish citizenship by proving ancestry . 
  nationality and culture are not necessarily the same . 
   ms nazliaka 's protest on thursday forced parliament 's deputy speaker to suspend the discussion on the proposed constitutional reforms for several hours , and eventually led to a fistfight between several female members of parliament looks like turkish women are not only unafraid to use their rights but their lefts as well . 
  ukraine will have to step up it 's game . 
  can we switch to lituania while we 're at it ? 
  most lithuanians ca n't pronounce th . 
  the national theatre reminds me of mass effect for what ever reason . 
  yeah , we have a word for it too \u0161lapdriba ( wetfall ), 
  even up north around 0c is super annoying . 
  snow falls , melts and ice forms which leaves us with this horrible slippery mess all over the place . 
  oh , and the humidity really bites your face . 
  -10 to -5 is much nicer . 
  i never said serbia is a trojan horse i just explained why it could be considered one . 
  as for my supposed butthurtness i would be a lot less butthurt if russia stopped trying to meddle in our internal affairs and funding divisive elements like the polish election faction and the front . 
  we trade with russia because our geopolitical situation demands it . 
  trust me if we did n't have to deal with russia 's ridiculous antics we would n't . 
  as for the fact serbia has ties with the eu , well it would n't be a very effective trojan horse if it did n't . 
  it 's an argument against ridiculous wage disparities . 
  why would anyone stay in romania then they can have a higher quality of life working a comparable job in germany or ireland ? 
  minimum in romania is 250 ? 
  damn and i thought our minimum is ridiculously low . 
  they have very close ties to russia . 
  the trojan horse part usually comes then talks start about serbia joining eu . 
  ... of winged hussars . 
  ah , so you already prepared the integration plan . 
  they are protected by the carpathaniam mountains . 
  eh , latvia has a lot of coast . 
  trannies who do n't pass ca n't go into the womens restroom . 
  you know full well people speak about illegal immigration then they say economic immigrants . 
  http://www.druskonis.lt/beta/2006-03-31/index.php?id=kultura here ya go . 
  it 's obviously in lithuanian so if googe translate fails horribly : it 's a tree trunk painted in the colors of our flag with three pairs of slippers on top dedicated to the president v. adamkus and the candidates of the ( when ) current election . 
  damn this reminds me of the time some dude in lithuania built a monument to presidents slippers . 
  it was also promptly removed ( unfortunately ), 
  to us ? 
  no , because they are our allies . 
  even the northern part of contiguous norway is in the arctic circle . 
  a machete is a knife . 
  just a very big one . 
  one out of three . 
  either way dutch girls are most definetely not known for being cute here . 
  if anything dutch are known for squished looking houses and drugs . 
  dutch girls cute ? 
  seriously ? 
  they are flatter than that swamp they call a country . 
  would it really be that expensive to hire a couple extra models ? 
  albeit if you did that you 'd probably get the leftards complaining how lidl is pandering to the evil racist europoors so i guess they are stuck between a rock and a hard place . 
  the packaging will either be in several languages or have a sticker with the information transalated if it does n't ( usually because it 's either for the polish or finnish market ), 
  eh , it used to be mexico . 
  because the moment you think you have the balkans figured out they go ahead and do something rather silly that changes everything ( like greeks insisting macedonia is supposed to be called fyrom ) . 
  it 's a silly place, 
  the part zorro takes part in . 
  are you saying that ms paint is n't at the forefront of design work anymore ? 
  you say they did n't buy the magazine for the right purposes i say they were at the forefront of proper internet usage . 
  quite ingenious considering internet probably was n't even a thing for the yugoslavs back then . 
  it 's plain old xenophobia . 
  no need to misuse the word racism . 
  you guys will taste some raindeer jerky and switch sides just like every other time . 
  quit being such drama queens . 
  people compare their standard of living to those around them . 
  it 's only natural . 
  do n't be obtuse this map shows what some of the more prominent peoples of the ussr typically look like ( and their national dress ) you just ca n't include everyone in a one page map . 
  the text however is a bit more propagandish . 
  i 'm hardly making plans i 'm just stating my opinion on how this could possibly end up playing out . 
  sure it 's possible we 'll let just anyone stroll in and then all starve together in the name of equality and liberal ideals . 
  i just find that unlikely . 
  at some point the working class will get fed up of sacrificing their quality of life to feed refugees and it 'll get ugly fast . 
  seriously ? 
  sanders was basically ron paul 2.0 . 
  popular on the internet but did n't have a snowballs chance in hell in real life . 
  it probably wo n't be a momentary switch more of a gradual strengthening of the borders . 
  at first proper enforcement then some sort of state of emergency bunkering down and then less humane measures . 
  as for gunning down boats i doubt that would be necessary a blockade combined with infiltration of boat smuggler rings would probably be enough . 
  taking the boats back to the country of origin regardless of their protests . 
  not right away but there is absolutely no way 100 mln people will be allowed to just walk into europe . 
  it 'll start with properly enforcing borders . 
  then fortifying checkpoints then fortifying the entire thing . 
  morality and decency are the first ideals that go out the window then a sufficiently big crisis hits . 
  doubly so if you have a good scapegoat . 
  you do realise it would affect regular europeans as well it 's easy being humane than the difference is whether you get to spend 10 or 15 % of your income on leisure it 's not so easy if the difference is whether you 'll get to eat your self and making your personal safety severely compromised . 
  the politicians are people but no one wants to be hung high because they put the lives of africans before the lives of their electorate . 
  you just have to run before the shit * really * hits the fan . 
  but is n't it dangerous since the one getting revoked loses the 50 % resistance to sauna they get from finnish traditions ? 
  you measure it in metres and centimetres . 
  it 's cooking not chemistry unless you 're cooking meth it really should n't matter if you set the oven to 178 or 183 . 
  tbh then it comes to eu most any treaty is a well of never ending asterisks . 
  it has to be a conspiracy by big small print .
