  a last ditch effort to reverse the tides and in the end nothing more than a historical footnote . 
  the 3rd partition 1831 and 1863 rebellions are granted limelight while the constitution is just a trivia paragraph in the history textbook . 
  latvia and estonia . 
  nazis did n't give us guns . 
  no hapsburgs . 
  subsidizing electric cars then most people ca n't afford a car that 's newer than 10 years old is just taking money from the lower and middle class and giving it to the upper class who already have more than enough . 
   3 km / litre who the fuck uses such measurements ? 
  the counter argument to that would be that if most people do n't own guns the thieves will be reluctant to bring weapons as it would increase their sentences if they get caught and probably increase the severity of the task force if one gets formed . 
  i 'd say it 's more of a legacy that stems form their country being a monarchy . 
  monarchies tend to seek stability and the inherent inequality makes it much easier for the people to swallow the fact that their so called representatives are not quite representative of the popular vote . 
  as for them leaving their exceptionalism was throwing a wrench into the works but i think it would have died down over time . 
  i was talking about the uk . 
  first past the post, 
  that 's just one more of a myriad of problems with a fptp system . 
  it might be an advantage for the kid when trying to find a job in the future aswell not being associated with gypsies and all . 
  granted it might not be an issue at all in 20 years but who knows . 
   i 'm incapable of hating the french , they make great wine , serve the best food in europe implying pizza is not the best food ever anywhere in the universe, 
  you rub the paper against itself first then it 's okay . 
  otherwise it 's sandpaper . 
  i know this because my grandparents are from a village and old habits do n't die fast . 
  they are n't part of schengen . 
   they also refused to fight hitler in ww2 . 
  you ca n't seriously think this is a good argument in this case . 
  if you want to murder each other over what it means to be a real slav you can go right ahead just make sure it does n't spill out into nonslavic regions this time . 
   the plc ( poland-lithuania ) also used pan-slavinism when they still had imperial ambitions . 
  never heard of that . 
  except that most people still wo n't know how large the library of congress is . 
  unless a local building is used these comparisons are rather useless . 
  how is it strange ? 
  the entire part of having multiple brands is that different customer segments will have different needs and you generally ca n't sell more expensive quality stuff under the same brand since the richer customers wo n't want to associate with `` the plebs '' and the poorer ones ca n't afford it . 
  you have maxima in bulgaria they 're just called t-market, 
  that 's latvia . 
  there else are they gon na keep their spare hydraulic press fluid ? 
  this was in 2013 so before saudi 's started dumping oil prices . 
  gasprom was abusing it 's monopoly it 's that simple . 
  gas and oil is not only used for burning you know . 
  fertilisers and plastics are made from them . 
  not then russia is the only supplier and fucks with the prices . 
  we built a terminal and surprise surprise the prices fell . 
   homo country not trying to say anything just :d, 
  mosquitoes are nothing compared to [ these fuckers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deer_fly ), 
  the argument is usually that then they 'll be able to adopt children and brain wash them to be gay . 
  which even if it was true is apparently worse than leaving these children in foster care . 
  do n't be silly prussians created prussia ... by killing the prussians, 
  i personally use a potato peeler . 
  it shaves it very nicely . 
  diversifying your supply is never bad . 
  they have deeper protector for starters . 
  lot 's of them are . 
  have you never been to copenhagen ? 
  no they 'll make bigger , stronker , faster ( do n't ask me how that works ) walls . 
  it 's not like you ca n't restrict the budget . 
  ca n't argue there . 
  no one votes for it so one does it . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  not that common actually  . , 
  they did it backwards though . 
  it should be a quick shuffle of the commision votes ( no one cares about them anyway ) and then the announcement of public votes live . 
  well ukraine 's song was complete shit so you ca n't really blame them . 
  that horrible country american crap was supposed to good ? 
  note to self : czech rep. is awesome in everyway, 
  if you are making a product for a market outside the eu you have to follow that markets regulations though . 
  granted the environmental regs and such are still eu . 
  the eu `` brand '' is just a way for small countries to get any sort of consumer confidence . 
  you write made in lithuania and almost everyone will go `` lithu-fucking-what ? '', 
   take bmw for instance . 
  80 % of their engines are produced in austria . 
  such is life of oem . 
  you deal with all the problems that arise from the manufacturing process and get none of the recognition . 
  all of those advanced as much as they did during the great war to counter one weapon that existed before the great war even started . 
  the maxim gun a.k.a the machine gun . 
  the glorious baltolux commonwealth has the best potatoes . 
  the potatoes of all other nations are inferior . 
  deus vult intensifies i suppose . 
  tfw you planned going to malta soon and the thing collapsed before you had the chance to see it . 
  well , yeah . 
  afterall ukraine won last year with their god awful song . 
  let 's be honest eurovision has n't ever been about music . 
  and currently it 's about how many minority adjectives you can shoe horn into your performers description . 
  it 's not so much that it 's a good idea . 
  it 's that during soviet era there just was n't either much need for it or the materials to insulate the house with . 
  and an uncle who appropriately hits on all his nieces . 
  sometimes both these uncles are the same person . 
  lithuanian houses are pretty big actually . 
  the problem usually arises then winter comes and you have to heat the uninsulated fucker . 
  it costs an arm and a leg d :, 
  what about those crazy birds that rip apart car wipers and shit ? 
   let alone that we have no idea how to store used nuclear material . 
  build a giant lead bunker in a low seismic activity area . 
  propaganda does n't have to be misleading . 
  it can and usually is but it does n't have to . 
  you joke but that 's basically what happened right before ww part 2 russia gave us vilnius but when forgot to leave ( as it usually does ), 
  shh ... that 's phase three . 
  phase two is we dig a giant moat between us and russia . 
   remont that 's repairs for anyone confused, 
  no problem the internet is a silly and confusing place . 
  yes . 
  european countries have to adapt a harsher integration policy and the public has to put it 's foot down and show that the shit that 's totally fine in mena does n't fly in europe . 
   the baltic states accepted less than 1000 refugees each , what the f * ck ? 
  the refugees do n't want to come here .
