  if we were talking about the institutions that face the populace all the time i 'd agree with you . 
  but this is a purely bureaucratic matter as long as local communities are consulted it does n't matter if the board is all white , brown or blue . 
  implying anyone reads those things nowadays ( especially on april 1st ) . 
  anyway , the answer is still no . 
  the people best suited for their position should get it . 
  if certain issues happen to affect certain groups they aswell as experts should be consulted then making decisions regarding those issues . 
  no , it should be affordable by all . 
  whether certain groups make use of it is their own business . 
  the difference being that westerners in the gulf states are usually professionals looking to get their barrel full of money and get the fuck out . 
  not a bunch of free loaders who pay off bandits to come scrounge off of benefits . 
  we have very few of the former and none of the latter . 
  its not an either or situation . 
  seriously czechs get to our level . 
  we whip everyone a week before easter . 
  we 'll just end up with westerners telling us that it 's inhumane to deport them to whatever bombed out shithole they come from . 
  let 's just call it gorgon or something . 
  it 's based on monopoly what did you expect ? 
  you should get them to refuse investing in eastern poland . 
  and you 've gotten away with it too if it were n't for those dastardly slavs . 
  still wins . 
  why do you even have so many flags ? 
  did your government have nothing better to do than come up with new flags ? 
  malta has a little insignia in the corner of their flag, 
  unless you plan to live here it will be an incredible waste of your time . 
  it 's also a rather archaic language spoken by very few people . 
  we love prefixes suffixes and other kinds of word parts that do n't even exist in english ( for example the reflective - si - / - is which returns the action to the actor ) . 
  there 's also local dialects that even natives can barely understand and \u017eemaiti\u0161kai might as well be a whole nother language . 
  it also helps at sport if the coach can just shout at the players without worrying that the other team will understand the play plan . 
  short of trump saying that america should go full isolationist there is no way he can really affect our opinion of ` the west ' in a negative way . 
  you can build a 20 meter tall wall and we could n't care less . 
  the melting pot only works if you turn up the heat . 
  how can you assume people will integrate when there 's no incentive to do so . 
  guy could change water to wine who 's to say he could n't change grain to burgers or something . 
  well i do n't think the enhanced cages are bad . 
  it 's a fucking chicken it has a brain the size of a pea . 
  viruses that jump between host species are very problematic because they are n't adapted to the new hosts immune system and wreck all sorts of havoc . 
  an outbreak of bird flu could kill thousands of people . 
  how is an omnivorous animal eating another animal evil ? 
  it 's what were supposed to do . 
  are bears evil ? 
  well , atleast the happy pills are working . 
  you can see the sun setting at 12pm and rising at 4am here in the north during the summer . 
  i always liked the ghost . 
  unfinished brutalistic buildings look nice to me . 
  you mean comrade ahmed is not coming for kielbasa and vodka ? 
  tbh it seems like germans are attempting to impose an alien order on things . 
  none of these are really praising any of the approaches . 
  really ? 
  armor is more of a russian thing is n't it ? 
  looks more burgundy to me . 
  it 's ussr in russian . 
  i doubt the sun can heat the house anywhere near enough in a -20 winter which are not uncommon here . 
   all new houses must be passive what the hell does that even mean ? 
  i 'm gon na go with tzarist oppression . 
  because we were being oppressed by tzarist russia . 
  it 's become a brand at this point . 
   white bread is better . 
  heresy, 
  so long that the war stays on non-eu soil it really does n't matter . 
  besides war is more of a nato thing anyway . 
  the same type of people not literally the same people . 
  specifically anti-establishment intellectuals . 
  you try keeping a story straight then your entire alphabet consists of pictures of cats and dance moves . 
  actually that 's exactly like the internet . 
  you joke but i 've met a maltese girl and she was excited by the most mundane stuff : forests , squirrels , the lack of birds during winter . 
  lithuania is n't a shithole that 's sub saharan african levels of deep though, 
  pretty much . 
  but then you have to deal with ryan air 's bullshit . 
  j\u016b spiek london viery vel, 
  samogitian can be really uninteligble to us . 
  it really depends on how much of a mix the person speaking is using . 
  there are n't radar signs there you 're from ? 
  be glad you 're not japanese or you 'd have to commit sudoku . 
  commonwealth of n peoples . 
  there n is the number of nations . 
  because what europe needs is more pensioners . 
  you are right it should be sheep to pigs . 
  killing each other is still a group effort . 
  you can build such things you know . 
  majestic :d, 
  true as it may be it 's completely irrelevant . 
  do most people even know that denmark is a kingdom ? 
  the brits do . 
  also the irish . 
  rather unfortunately . 
  no , we 'll just support them from the back lines not like anyone knows there the baltics are . 
  they break the main rule of design function is more important than form and then throw a ridiculous boner for minimalism on top . 
  what you end up with is an interface that 's pretty to look at but horrible to use . 
  and they ca n't even make it look good half the time . 
  the trolleybuses in kaunas are all made by solaris . 
  hesburger is finnish . 
  rimi is swedish, 
  everyone and their dog can track their ancestry to some plikbajoris nobility does n't mean shit . 
  actually they are 100 % as valuable . 
  if they were 200 % as valuable they 'd be worth 3x as much . 
  i would watch this anime . 
  it has mecha winged hussars in it what else do you need . 
  are you saying that germany will grow it 's spine back ? 
  that 's chauvinism not nationalism . 
  why are the people who have batshit crazy dreams always in charge ?
