  sorry , but i do n't agree . 
  once you break the viscious circle ( for me it was around a month ) it 's only getting easier . 
  once you learn that you can control your addiction and it 's not your addiction controlling you it 's a lot easier to stay on the right track even if you relapse somewhere on the way . 
  your progress wo n't be hindered . 
  having said that i strongly recommend to prolong the streak to at least 90 days especially if you 're doing this for the first time . 
  90 is what this challenge was originally about and it 's a very reasonable number to mark a watershed between what was an addiction and a normal healthy life . 
  happy to offer feedback . 
  ** do you experience this ? 
  of course !, 
  ** have your recovered from this behaviour , and if so , what did you do that helped ? 
  you said yourself you do n't see checking out women as wrong in any way . 
  why do it so much ? 
  i 'd say that 's part of who we are as males and we do it instinctively . 
  personally , i 've learned to live with it . 
  it was part of my nofap life-makeover . 
  i see this as something fun and natural and i do n't try to overthink that . 
  it 's like seeing a cloudless sky or a flower or something . 
  it boosts my mood , my energy and i generally feel happier . 
  i 've learned to appreciate that . 
  plus i 'm not counting really but there 's at least equal number of women that check me out everyday and do n't even hide it . 
  ( i mean to the # of chicks i do check out ... well roughly ... who cares ... ) . 
  so it 's not like only a male thing . 
  plus for me there are days i think about sex almost all the time and on some days i hardly do . 
  it depends on the schedule , how busy i am , if i work around women and sometimes i just do n't think about sex and women at all . 
  it 's hard to imagine that all days look like this for you . 
  ** how have you learned to self-care ? 
  that 's something i am working on . 
  everybody talking about self love and self respect but i 've never really seen a good advice how to learn this . 
  if i was to point in a direction where the solution might be it would be learning how to live in the present . 
  find joy in everything you do , shift your focus from yourself to others and all your surroundings . 
  react to stuff that happens around you with joy and without judgement . 
  that 's not to say we should abandon all our self development . 
  that is crucial , i think , to our self esteem but this is our long term work . 
  when you 're out in the world and stuff happens to you , you can either fight it or try to ignore it or accept it . 
  not true . 
  i always try and be alert to this kind of stuff and it 's not the same , say what you want . 
  of course , i confirm this phenomenon as well . 
  it 's really weird . 
  i was n't expecting a benefit like this before nofap . 
  very insightful . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  yeah !, 
  so happy for you . 
  in that case , we , the fapstronauts , have to be more self centered . 
   i urge you all to enjoy life . 
  particularly spend money and time on experiences rather than material goods . 
  there was research stating that folks who tend to do the former are generally happier in life . 
  i 'd really like to read the whole backstory , too . 
  what was the biggest change you think you 've made about yourself . 
  what was holding you back the most ? 
  what was the most difficult to change ? 
  i am pasting that william james quote to my diary . 
  there 's nothing wrong in being vulnerable . 
  in fact , it seems to be one of the strongest bonding emotions among humans . 
  the trouble is to show the right amount of vulnerability . 
  there have to be some boundaries unless there is no value in vulnerability . 
  for more , google brene brown who does research on that . 
  maybe try hanging around places when there are lots attractive women . 
  i mean , like , coffeshops , some hipster restaurants , university libraries . 
  do some people watching , maybe strike a conversation if you feel like it . 
  simply by being around women there 's a good chance you 'll see they all have their insecurities , none of them are these perfect mythical unicorn-like creatures we sometimes tend to imagine them as . 
  also , hang out with your female friends more . 
  make some new female friends . 
  there 's a lot of value in that . 
  i tend to connect with women on a much deeper level than with guys . 
  think aoubt it . 
  actually , i 've always thought sean looked badass . 
  the older , the more badass . 
  how did the term ` neckbeard ' came to be and what does it actually mean ? 
  sometimes i get confused by how people use it around reddit . 
  the way i used to understand it was a guy oblivious about his appearence or just too lazy to take care of himself . 
  people seem to have a problem grasping the idea that you can hide from real life stuff in many ways . 
  op may have not worded this eloquently enough but he 's on to something . 
  i 've been pondering about it for some time too and came to an idea that you may very well hide even behind work . 
  people today seem to be in love with an idea of living a busy life but they often confuse busyness with productivity and keep postponing the real important work forever . 
  to me addiction and this type of hiding and avoidance are seperate things . 
  they often go on together , though , and i would n't have come up with these distinctions had it not been for nofap . 
  i thought it was a great interlude . 
  please !, 
  science does n't always measure things accurately . 
  real stuff is usually far more complicated than we think . 
  often it 's so difficult to arrange an experiment to confim or falsify whatever theory since there 's too many variables in the equation . 
  i mean , can science measure how strong a subject believes in positive aspects of nofap ? 
  why , that 's surely a factor in the outcome . 
  i think it 's best to not disregard science completely but also focus on oneself and learn on your own what helps and what harms . 
  at least in this matter . 
  i know that nofap worked for me . 
  just be patient . 
  my journey was quite different than yours . 
  it took my a couple of streaks - each of increased length until i got hang of the whole nofap thing . 
  i had been reading this board a lot during that time and it helped to know the benefits and success stories . 
  if there 's nothing worthwhile at the moment search for older posts with high amount of upvotes . 
  read ybop . 
  and be patient , do n't beat yourself up if you feel like you 're not improving . 
  to truly get the most of nofap some effort is required - not only regarding the fap part but also other stuff in your life that weigh you down somehow . 
  you need to get used to stay in effort mode all time . 
  ( well not literally but yeah . ), 
  what was initially an effort slowly becomes a habit . 
  then you put effort into something else . 
  learn to appreciate time and work that you put into that no matter how slow your progress is .
