  it may well be that nofap alone wo n't help you as much as you expected but i still recommend that you do it and try reaching 90 days . 
  to do that without once peeking at porn or touching your dick is extremely difficult but if you survive that time without o , that 's success . 
  it then might push you to test yourself in some different way . 
  that 's how you 'll succeed . 
  no , man , unconscious scratching or anything like that does n't matter . 
  ( i think ) i was thinking more like edging or some conscious action :d, 
  i know how that feels . 
  i 've been to my first dancing event a couple of days ago - me who never ever danced - it was a private party . 
  i got out of my car and got back 4 times before i grew balls to enter the venue . 
  i am so glad i did !, 
  why is this not getting upvotes , people ? 
   once you are an addict , you are always an addict, 
  it 's been said about alcohol addiction but i do n't think we need to be overly dramatic about this . 
  admitting to being an addict at this point , when i feel i 've beaten additcion , does n't sit well with me . 
  i do n't feel like an addict . 
  not anymore . 
  it 's just you 'd like to have this chapter of your life closed . 
  like stuff you ticked off of your to-do list . 
  you do n't want unfinished business to keep bothering you . 
  but everyone has to find his own ways of dealing with this , i guess . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  another thing to consider is that you do n't want your repress your sexuality . 
  to quote the ex machina movie , `` sexuality if fun , man '' . 
  you 'd want to look at women as sexual beings such as yourself and flirt in a sexual , non-objectifying way . 
  mastering that gives you a sense of inner masculine strength and feeling of control which is an awesome feeling to have . 
  that 's very well put . 
  what you wrote has a strong fight-clubbish feel to it . 
  we have no obligation to buy into mainstream . 
  what 's more , it 's in our best interest to explore other ways , break social conditioning and make our own path . 
  it may be the surest way not to fall into mediocrity . 
  absolutely , man . 
  some people just radiate energy . 
  and i 'm not talking crazy , loud and obnoxious . 
  i 'm talking smiley , friendly , chatty , kind . 
  i 'd so like to know how to be that person . 
  it 's equally wrong to be uncritical regarding anything if that 's what you mean by being a `` slave '' . 
  thanks for writing that and wish you all the best . 
  i hope it 's only the beginning of good things coming your way . 
  yes . 
  absolutely . 
  it takes a long time and far into our reboot before we can observe what happens to our minds while watching porn . 
  and i 'm not talking about long term effects . 
  just this terrifying numbness and apathy that creeps up the moment you yield to p. and if you 're sensible enough to stop , you can then sense the difference in sort of how your mind feels for some time . 
  thanks for that , sir . 
  that 's how our behavior works most of the time . 
  by showing signs of interest and care to someone we make them feel like we 're their friends and they tend to stick with us longer . 
  accidentally , today , i 've stumbled upon a video which talks about this in more detail : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4cv8yfgnyi, 
  so maybe you could try reversing this pattern . 
  instead of obsessing , try and focus on showing sings of interest and build understanding with others and see how they react . 
  make them obsess about you , sorta . 
  nice one !, 
  there 's no best way . 
  i think everyone has to find what works for him . 
  but i can offer some suggestions . 
  you 've said that you managed to succeed for 2-3 days . 
  that 's a great start . 
  when you get on that second or third day , think that you have to do it just for one more day , just one . 
  focus on making small progressively longer streaks . 
  that 's not that difficult , believe me . 
  alternatively try and stop looking at porn for as long as you can . 
  do not think about mo-ing for a moment . 
  if you can go for 2 days w/o porn , try going one more day , then one more and so on . 
  if you relapse , do n't waste time on regretting what you did right away . 
  it 's like with dancing . 
  ( i 'm learning swing right now , by the way , and highly reccommend it ) . ), 
  you fuck up the steps like constantly during classes . 
  but you never beat yourself up , you just stop for a moment and start over . 
  you have to give your body time to adapt to new moves and new rythm . 
  you almost never make it right the first time . 
  and some moves are so difficult , that you practice them for weeks or months befere you get them right . 
  but you do n't give up . 
  what 's even the point of giving up . 
  you train the whole month only to stop ? 
  that 's like saying that you 've wasted that whole month while you could be a day from finally succeeding . 
  to sum up , try making small incremental changes and learn to appreciate what you 've accomplished . 
  once you relapse , just do n't think about it and focus on a new streak immediately . 
  what kind of challenges do you seek for to keep the progress in your life ? 
  i 'm not even sure anymore if that was just nofap but yeah . 
  life is better without the fap . 
  it does n't help in any direct way but be patient and trust me . 
  keep your eyes open , look for new friends , initiate conversations more , seize opportunities , say yes more often . 
  haha !, 
  dude !, 
  that 's pure gold . 
  you 've got my highest respect . 
  to be honest , it sometimes feel more lonely now even though i have more friends than before . 
  but before nofap i could n't even feel that i 'm lonely . 
  i prefer to feel . 
  even though i have cool friends now that i can hang out and party with basically whenever i want , the loneliness still happens . 
  it 's much better now though . 
  the way i changed was very similar to yours , op . 
  it 's crazy how nofap can affect you . 
  you 're not alone , man . 
  stop worrying about what happened . 
  forget about the past , forget about the future . 
  do not even think about who you wanted to become when you started nofap . 
  focus on what 's going on now . 
  it 's okay to feel sad and lonely . 
  accept those feelings , observe how they affect you , how it feels to be sad . 
  look into that but no for too long .
