  i 'm happy for you . 
  i agree , but that 's where nofap helps the most . 
  we are doing this in spite of the pain of sometimes feeling lonely . 
  long before i knew about nofap i was able to stay clean as long as i had a girlfriend . 
  this was even when i did n't have sex . 
  well , i am feeling sorta like floating on a sine wave sometimes . 
  had a low couple of days . 
  but last week i felt amazing . 
  the amount of energy i had was astonishing . 
  my job requires a bit of physical stamina and lately i felt like i was a hulk . 
  i ca n't remember feeling like this ever . 
  is there a way to pin or save this topic somehow other than bookmarking in a browser ? 
  it resonates with me in many respects and i 'd like to revisit it . 
  yep , i missed that . 
  thanks . 
  i am upvoting this . 
  thanks for the long writeup . 
  your story is terryfingly similar to mine . 
  i swear that in my pre-fap years i was the most outgoing and assertive kid in my school . 
  i am not sure to what extent the change in my personality was due to fapping but i definitely experienced something very similar to yourself . 
  within a year of fapping i 've become a sad , lonely person with no friends and no one to talk to during breaks . 
  although , when i think back , i might have already had self-esteem issues then which fapping only deepened . 
  right now i do n't know anymore if there is a way of coming back to the my old self . 
  do n't know if i want to . 
  i mean , i 've changed so much over the years in many respects , matured ( 32 right now ) etc. 
  i think i was able to overcome many problems in spite of the ongoing pmo thing . 
  i do n't think i was able to resolve my self-esteem issues though . 
  there 's still a long way ahead of me but going back to pmo is not an option right now . 
  it 's just not , period . 
  ok , so you wrote a lot about self esteem and contentment and how they are essential to happiness . 
  i wonder did you discover this gradually or had some kind of `` a-ha '' moment ? 
  also , did you try to specifically learn how to act like a man of high self esteem ? 
  i mean , one thing is to acknowledge something and start to believe it and a whole other business is to live and behave accordingly . 
  so my question here is , did you do something besides quitting pmo ? 
  i read that you did some therapy work but does that really help resolving those issues ? 
  many of our problems , i think , stem from imprinted or conditioned behaviour patterns so learning how to change these might help immensly . 
  no need to be sorry , mate  reading , educating myself , getting to know new ideas is literally all i do in my free time . 
  i am a philosophy major after all , 
  can you maybe name some of those thinkers you are talkin about here . 
  i 'll try and read about them sometime along with tolle . 
  i heard about him but never got to read his stuff . 
  oh , the 37 day mark !, 
  i ca n't believe how fast it goes when you 're busy living your life . 
  haha , i just lol-ed . 
  and congrats , man . 
  great to hear about other fapstronauts ' success !, 
  great ~ ~ !, 
  hey !, 
  thanks for the recommended reading/viewing material . 
  i find some stuff on the 21 convention site really useful . 
  ahhh , yeah , the eye contact thing . 
  i encourage you to watch a speech by nick sparks from the 21 convention ( about which i 've learned through nofap ) . 
  it is about approaching people in general but also particularly women . 
  it 's here :, 
  the speaker suggests a curious `` workout '' for anyone who wants to excercise their confidence muscle and that is to try and hold eye contact with literally everyone every time one goes out . 
  like with passerbys on a street , at a bus stop , in a bookstore etc. 
  you ca n't just say screw it , dude . 
  you ca n't !, 
  life is so short , man , and there is so much to do . 
  you will always want a fresh start , a clean and strong mindset . 
  that does not always mean success but changes take time . 
  if you fail once , get back up and try again . 
  pain is only temporary . 
  even if , so what ? 
  really cool . 
  this is just a random advice but try watching asmr videos on youtube . 
  i watch a couple of them before sleep . 
  these are far better that f and can be quite relaxing . 
  just search for asmr on yt . 
  there are loads of them . 
  you do n't even have to watch them . 
  i usually just listen to them through earphones on my phone , cause it 's the sounds that are most important . 
  do n't know if this is subtle but right now the most important thing for me is to engage more socially . 
  meeting new people was always a huge problem for me . 
  i mean i am a decent looking guy and i 've never had any issues with being overweight . 
  i 'm extremely fit etc. 
  i guess i can even display a lot of confidence in certain types of in interactions but i get really nervous talking to women or strangers . 
  it 's like someone 's turning off part of my brain and often i ca n't steer the conversation where i like . 
  so right now i try and learn how to initiate conversations myself , i try to say `` yes '' more , go out more . 
  i 've started a dance class to sort of throw myself more out there . 
  this is a conscious effort for me and not something i do naturally but perhaps nofap pushed me in that direction . 
  prior to nofap i do n't know if i would have ever gotten to the point where i would do things i am doing now . 
  wow , that 's a good one . 
  i 'll steal that if you do n't mind . 
  well , there was a post by a female a month ago about a guy she was sharing a flat with and how she loved his smell as long as they did n't have high speed internet connected . 
  she wrote a whole story how he became literally a different person once the internet was working . 
  she did n't know with absolute certainty what was he doing in private but there were many hints that he might have been masturbating to porn and that 's what the majority of nofappers here assumed along with the female poster . 
  i was thinking about things like when someone 's trying to prevent you from getting your stuff done . 
  this can be some mundane thing , a house chore , whatever . 
  i feel that getting stuff done is really essential to our resetting process . 
  people do n't realize how important it can be for those fighting an addiction . 
  also there is the neurochemical called serotonin that is involved in this process and the pattern of setting even small goals and reaching them later helps reach those bigger ones . 
  actually my dance partner is also a little overweight but guess what !, 
  i do n't mind that at all cause she 's a great girl and does n't mind my mistakes and awkward moves , 
  we 're people . 
  i think every one of us has insecurities . 
  even those insanely hot girls . 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't write this to brag but to encourage people here . 
  besides , careerwise i 'm not doing that great .
