  i literally have a hard time believing how rough and muscular i became . 
  and i do n't really even work out that much . 
  i think you should find some other motivation to make a change . 
  sometimes it seems to me that the change and progress we undergo while on nofap catalyses more change . 
  we are motivated by initial progress so much that some are able to change their lives around . 
  key word is progress . 
  you have to make some initial change and than stick to that path of always evolving . 
  progress is what gives us ... well , it gives me confidence . 
  what i 've learned is that quitting pmo was in some sense the easiest part of that journey . 
  while you have that sorted out and you get used to your newly acquired superpowers , you quickly start to ponder why suddenly this feels like you 're stuck again . 
  this is why stories like this one from op are so encouraging and inspiring . 
  brain fog is something i associate with pre nofap period as well as poor decision making . 
  i was expriencing quite severe mood swings somewhere between days 40 and 80 on my counter . 
  they subsided though and i feel more or less normal as of now , but happy normal . 
  you translated marcus aurelius to english ? 
  wow !, 
  did you do it from latin ? 
  yeah , you get tough at some point . 
  that 's just another superpower . 
  congrats on starting the challenge , brother . 
  do n't get discouraged if you break your streak . 
  as long you work on yourself and not quit , you already succeeded . 
  the prize is real , i tell you . 
  good luck then . 
  i hope you nail it . 
  110 is a long time !, 
  * alcohol does n't help me and i do n't and i do n't want to be dependent on it . 
  * is socializing easier while on nofap ? 
  yes . 
  this might be placebo of course but it definitely is a factor . 
  my mind is sharper , quicker , i 'm more grounded , more in the moment rather that stuck in my head with my whiny weak self deprecating thoughts . 
  * in terms of material i recommend a youtube channel `` rsdtyler '' . 
  on the surface this channel seems to be only about pickup and there 's a lot of stuff the guy does just for the sake of comedy but if you think about what he says like in between the lines , it might help you fight your doubts and insecurities even if you 're not interested in pulling girls like that . 
  what i find is that people who have relationship trouble are often a little awkward socially in other areas too . 
  so the point is to work on your social skills whenever you can . 
  talk to people , start conversations with random strangers without any secret agenda of making friends or whatever . 
  just excercise the muscle . 
  i can offer you this vid from tyler , just for starters :, 
  * try meditation . 
  this shit works . 
  you can find a little guide also from tyler :, 
  * do n't be embarrassed of who you are . 
  if you 're a little awkward try making a joke about that . 
  you may be awkard now and you ca n't change it just like that . 
  it takes work and time so you might just as well accept yourself for who you are now . 
  * learn how to not give a fuck . 
  i am far from being an expert on that but the first step for me in learning how to do that was reading an eckhart tolle 's book `` the power of now '' . 
  i recommend it . 
  can someone give me a gist what this book is about and how can it help me on social level ? 
  yeah , i highly recommend real girls . 
  they 're awesome . 
  first off , where did you read about the effect of ejaculation on the neuron count ? 
  i never heard of that . 
  secondly , try to relax a bit and start building a mindset where there 's no place for porn nor masturbation . 
  pmo can contribute to the symptoms you described , so the first thing to do is to get rid of this habit . 
  this should give you enough strength to change your life even further . 
  this first step is n't easy and takes some time but many people here have done it successfuly , myself included . 
  you have to be prepared for the fact that you might relapse a couple of times so do not beat yourself up about that . 
  soon you 'll see that the drive and motivation you 'll get from overcoming your weaknesses is so great , you wo n't even think of looking back . 
  remember that we , people , run more or less on an autopilot . 
  our behavior consists mostly of patterns that we have little control of . 
  instead of making rational decisions we tend to rationalize our behaviour after we 've done certain stuff . 
  changing these patterns can be very difficult but it 's crucial when fighting with addictions . 
  a long time ago i wrote a motivational post , that i keep showing to everyone who asks for help . 
  i hope you 'll find something of value there too :, 
  thanks !, 
  thank you . 
  and thank you !, 
  that 's great that you shared your perspective . 
  posts such as this one are the most valuable here . 
  not only possible but very likely . 
  the only solution to maintain that nice feeling is to constantly evolve , try new things , pick up girls , jump off an airplane etc. 
  that 's hard but doable . 
  the first impulse was to change life for better , make it fuller , more exciting , more filled with cool people . 
  initially i was n't sure if fapping had much to do with me not having all those things . 
  now i know it had . 
  at this point it 's not about not fapping anymore . 
  it 's about building momentum to always change , always take more risk , always take advantage of opportunities and do things i 've never done . 
  it 's about not giving a fuck and becoming one badass motherfucker . 
  i also remember your original post . 
  it was one of the first posts that gave me real motivation and pushed me forward with nofap . 
  i feel like i am in an entriely different place now . 
  thanks . 
  in a dream no . 
  but i had countless situations like this in real life . 
  you talk to a cool girl and instead of asking her out you just say goodbye and walk away . 
  in a sense it is . 
  i feel like our behavior is controlled by a bunch of hormons , neurotrasmitters etc. 
  more so that we 're usually bound to belive . 
  this is good stuff . 
  where did you research this ? 
  i want to know more . 
  things are changing so fast for me right now that i do n't even know where to begin . 
  i moved out of my parents ' house . 
  quit my dead end job and started reeducating myself to become a software engineer . 
  went back to college ; i 'll be doing a computer science degree which i may quit if things get too busy for me or i 'll see that i 'm not learning anything . 
  right now i am learning online and by myself and i 'm storming through it . 
  i took dance classes . 
  i took up rock climbing . 
  changed my training more towards weight training ; previously i was more into biking/running .
