  the best motivation has always been girls , 
  thanks , man . 
  i remember the first 30 days were the hardest . 
  the next 30 were a little better . 
  and the next 30 even more so . 
  only after 90 , i started to feel like some healing has happened . 
  but these first 90 days were also , i think , the most exciting time of my life . 
  this must have been thanks to nofap in some extent . 
  besides , before this last streak i had two ~ 30 day streaks which i broke . 
  yes , that 's exactly the case . 
  yes , it 's normal . 
  your system sometimes reacts really weird if you completely cut off one of its reward systems which is what you do while on nafap . 
  thank 's that 's on my list . 
  i am currently ploughing through tlotr . 
  yes !, 
  thank you for the word of warning . 
  i will keep that in mind . 
  that 's my word to myself . 
  yeah , that 's really interesting . 
  i wish people wrote more how to make it so that after those 90 or whatever # of days we could step up just one more time . 
  the only answer i came up with , not very original one though , was to stay busy , stay challenged , never rest . 
  it 's not like i got worse or something . 
  i could have stopped being aware that they are there just as well . 
  subjectively , it felt like there was some difference in overall enerygy levels during roughly the first 90 and the rest of the streak . 
  but those initial days were weird . 
  sometimes i felt really , really low and super exited the next day . 
  it became more leveled later on . 
  yes !, 
  reading and analyzing experiences of others is hugely important if one takes nofap seriously . 
   ( 1 ) very long streaks do not make one immune from relapse -- on  the contrary , they can give a false sense of confidence . 
  no matter  how long the streak , one must renew the challenge daily . 
  ( 2 ) pay  careful attention to what led to the relapse , and avoid these things  scrupulously . 
  that 's ^ golden . 
  to be honest , i thought i had cemented those new habits . 
  now i can see how wrong i was . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll be doing what i can not to set myself back . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how it 's going for me in the next few days . 
  yeah , i 've wanted to do yoga for some time now . 
  eventually you 'll find a way to overecome this . 
  every one of us is different and different stuff works for us . 
  but do n't rush yourself with it . 
  think carefully what is important to you and start making a slow effort in that direction . 
  when you know where you 're going , then you have to push yourself and just go there . 
  you may and probably will fail a couple of times but that should not change the goal you 're aiming at . 
  keep yourself occupied at all times , so that you have no time to think about porn . 
  this is the advice i would give to myself also . 
  thanks for the comment . 
  yeah , i 'm back to the grind , cold showers and everything . 
  just had to pull myself together and focus on the important again . 
  i feel like there 's something really deep to what you 've said . 
  should n't it be so that it 's easier to talk to our crushes ? 
  why did n't the evolution taka care of it at this point ? 
  it 's just a rant . 
  but , i mean , if mating is such an important part of life , there should be something going on that facilitates this process . 
  like the way peacock spreads his tail to attract mates . 
  and what do humans do that has similar effect ? 
  cool story . 
  yeah , having friends can sometimes help immensely . 
  damn , this is so sad . 
  stuff like this reminds me to appreciate what i have . 
  but remember , you 're not alone . 
  there are over 140k fapstronauts and we 're all in this together . 
  i wish i had a girlfriend too but since starting nofap things keep getting better and better for me socially . 
  i know now that i am on the right path more than ever and you 're on the right path too . 
  just be patient . 
  jedi mind trick . 
  cool . 
  i do n't think you 're any different than the rest of population . 
  maybe just try not becoming self conscious about it . 
  well , i know that already happened but , i guess , just staying in the moment could help . 
  would be great if you could find the right person who would reciprocate and enjoy this kind of relationship like you and your friend . 
  touch is a natural mood elevator . 
  there are few people who do n't like it . 
  the key is break the initial awkwardness which i think is n't all that hard . 
  `` would you like it to be a date ? '', 
  there 's an overwhelming number of blog posts about dating but i got a couple interesting ideas from this one . 
  good read . 
  that 's extremely sensible justification . 
  thanks man !, 
  well , of course , the counter is important and it helps when it 's there and it 's telling us how far we 've come but of course this post is spot on . 
  we 're not here to last a given number of days but to live these days the best we can . 
  i second that . 
  i 'd really like to hear that . 
  i 'm 32 and feel like all of you who are in your twenties are so lucky to have sites like ybop and this sub . 
  i wish i could give you an advice . 
  i have a similar problem myself . 
  the only thing i could recommend is to try and phrase these things beforehand in writing . 
  writing a journal helps , writing on forums or just talking about it with people via chat . 
  writing things down tends to help organizing stuff that goes on in our minds . 
  masterbation . 
  it does n't only fit to a relapse situation but literally any other type of failure/not-able-to - live-up-to-some-ridiculous-standards self-flagellation behaviour . 
  what is true about successful people , i preseume , is that it 's natural for them to think with love and care about themselves . 
  they are also extremely disciplined but they do not see work as a punishment , rather a challenge and a way to better themselves . 
  there is a way to balance our feelings where we can feel good about ourselves no matter how accomplished we are but at the same time not get down on ourselves cause , wether you want it or not , there will always be someone better at whatever . 
  just my two cents . 
  for some reason this quote just rings very true for me . 
  the first week or two you 'll feel a little shaky . 
  only then the occuring reset will be more evident to you . 
  just keep at it .
