  it seems that just staying around people lifts mood if you 're single/lonely/depressed . 
  you send a message with a date to a badgebot through the panel on the right . 
  he can be a bit rusty sometimes though . 
  last time i got my badge reset after two days . 
  do n't know why . 
  at times i think i am among the minority of people who have troubles with social interactions . 
  everyday i meet people who can do it effortlessly while i feel like i am coming across extremely awkward . 
  i am trying to approach and talk to girls but i feel like overcoming this awkwardness is even harder than quitting pmo . 
  i feel those feels too , bro . 
  did n't figure any way to fight them but to concentrate all my efforts on getting a soulmate myself . 
  unfortunately that 's a long process for some people . 
  focus on expression not impression , is what i say to myself when anger starts to prevail . 
  there is only one of me and i need not to feel ashamed of who i am , i should rather seek to express my true self no matter what everyone thinks . 
  i have my own goals and need to remain focused on them rather than how i come across to other people . 
  life is too short to waste it on pleasing everyone around . 
  thanks , dude !, 
  i never thought of it like that . 
  stupid me . 
  i exprienced something similar . 
  physically i feel like never before . 
  i am much more calm , focused , do n't get distracted so easily . 
  but the mood swings started to happen around day 50 and i can get really low sometimes . 
  like i am expriencing my loneliness or whatever negative feeling i get with even more strength than before . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's just many introverts here would like to become more outgoing and many posts are related to that . 
  i did this test !, 
  to my surprise , i have a marginal ( 1 % ) preference of extraversion over introversion . 
  i would have answered some questions differently prior to nofap though . 
  ( also thank you to a fellow fapstronaut who linked to this channel on another thread . ), 
  that 's the first time that i bothered to change the wallpaper on my phone . 
  it looks great . 
  what 's difficult with this is that you ca n't turn your attention from the flood of negative emotions . 
  i was in a similar situation a couple of days ago but it 's ok now , so you 'll be ok too . 
  the thing that 's helping me at the moment is eckhart tolle 's book `` the power of now '' and i try to wrap my mind around the ideas in it . 
  funny thing is i tried to read it a couple of years ago and it did n't resonate with me at all . 
  but now , with all the mood swings happening , it helps with calming all the emotions down . 
  i also recommend watching the video someone posted here couple of days ago :, 
  it 's about what does it mean when you feel like you 're not improving anymore in whatever area of your life , why is it important to constantly try to do better and how to do it with a mindful approach . 
  for me it was somewhat revelatory . 
  the way this guy delivers it is a little over the top but he has interesting ideas there . 
  i do n't have a girlfriend at the moment so i ca n't really say , but i get morning wood and sometimes a spontaneous boner too , if that 's what you 're asking about . 
  what causes this ? 
  a couple of things combined i guess . 
  but it 's not like high from the weed . 
  you can control yourself very well , you 're just psyched about everything and have this awesome energy . 
  and yes , my pals at work noticed how energetic i became . 
  dude , i love reading comments in my own thread . 
  thanks for writing that . 
  yeahhhhhhh !, 
  rock on !, 
  yeah , of course i do . 
  why do you ask ? 
  should i expect it to go up or down when i quit ? 
  and why ? 
  thinking like that , do n't expect to become successful any soon , dude . 
  stuff like this really motivates me , thanks !, 
  then share your own advice . 
  you just threw a bunch of statistical info but what 's wrong with listening to tony robbins ' advice or any other life coach , i still do n't understand . 
  my guess is that many people fail to take radical action . 
  they listen to tony but never utilise at least 1 % of what he teaches . 
  thanks for taking that seriously . 
  i 'll bear in mind what you said . 
  for a day or two after a wet dream i feel a little tired too . 
  so that seems to be a valid observation . 
  this made me feel good . 
  thanks !, 
  forgot who that was . 
  ryan allis maybe , i do n't know . 
  i kind of paraphrased it . 
  it 's just something to think about for those who call superpowers bs . 
  why not acknowledge them if they only make you feel better about yourself , i do n't understand . 
  haha !, 
  bring it on . 
  it already reads like a captivating story . 
  i wish i could allow myself to be irresponsible like that too . 
  the way you described it does n't sound all that bad . 
  i mean , it 's only money . 
  what else do you need it for if you ca n't create anything useful with it , anyway . 
  depends which superpower you are talking about , 
  exactly so !, 
  still on board and going strong !, 
  i can relate to everything you are saying . 
  but , with all honesty , i think you are perfectly ready to have a girlfriend . 
  maybe just try opening conversations more . 
  make some small talk with random people . 
  if you have anxiety issues , like me , each conversation like this feels really rewarding even when there 's no agenda behind it . 
  you feel less alone that way , believe you me . 
  perhaps the next step will be trying to hook up with a girl . 
  i am kinda on the same boat with you but my lifestyle is far from yours in terms of `` healthiness '' and i do n't really feel that i need new hobbies . 
  actually , i am slowly getting fed up with them . 
  having a girlfriend would be fantastic but i could do with a couple of dates , just for starters . 
  thanks , friend . 
  yeah , i know it should be simple . 
  i do n't know why we all make such a big deal about it . 
  great post !, 
  can you elaborate a little on b , please ? 
  sorry if that 's a stupid question but i 'm just curious . 
  i have absolutely no intent nor reason to judge . 
  thanks for answering back !, 
  it might be that we resort to sports due to huge amounts of energy that nofap leaves us with .
