absolutely . 
  i would n't have learned there were so many people feeling and thinking the same way i do about all that . 
  thanks for writing down your thoughts and congratulations on making a successful change in your life . 
  my story is somewhat similar to yours . 
  i 'm trying to learn programming and start a new career at 31 . 
  did n't think about relocating though . 
  maybe i should ... stay strong brother !, 
  you are right about that , man , but the meaning of this quote is supposed be straightforward and simple . 
  great to hear that !, 
  are you doing the hardmode ? 
  i 'll print this and stick on my wall . 
  you 'll be my favourite nofap evangelist from now on , 
  great post !!, 
  i 'd like to see more of this on nofap . 
  i love hearing about people changing their lives for better . 
  this has to be the best community ever . 
  i seriously think that if you believe that you can do something , you can . 
  i keep coming here everyday and everyday i find posts like this one fuelling up my will to stay strong and keep changing for better no matter the trouble i am facing at the moment . 
  the interesting thing about freud is that he was completely asexual and holding no interest in women . 
  at least that 's how he 's been perceived by people who knew him . 
  i am not sure if any conclusions can be drawn from this but it 's an interesting fact . 
  this was reported by somebody who knew him . 
  unfortunately , i ca n't remember where i read it . 
  the mere fact of having 6 kids does n't really tell much about intensity of one 's sexual life , although i have no idea how it was back in his day . 
  i think he still could have been perceived as asexual . 
  i do n't regret much in life . 
  i 've always thought it 's a waste of time . 
  but letting myself involve in pmo is definitely something i regret . 
  the amount of time wasted , how it affected my psyche , my behaviour , my social relations - i wish there was none of that . 
  i did n't know then what i know now though . 
  i second this opinion . 
  i tried to stop pmo many many times before and this was before i knew about nofap , before i knew what pmo ( the abbreviation ) means . 
  i thought the act itself was disgusting and sort of self-degrading so i did n't want to keep doing it . 
  but only after i 've learned how destructive pmo was i was able to built up proper willpower to actually get over it for good . 
  the moment of realization came when i stumbled upon a couple of ted talks on the topic . 
  later on i found ybop and this subreddit . 
  i am not even a native english speaker but gosh , your writing is so elegant . 
  also congratulations on not breaking your streak . 
  i on the other hand have a dark day today . 
  my 27 day victory march has just ended : /, 
  thanks guys !, 
  you 're the best . 
  giving up will never be an option . 
  i enjoyed my streak too much . 
  but this led me to feeling overconfident and i stopped browsing nofap on a daily basis . 
  i guess it 's not enough only to remember the pros of no pmo , you have to embrace this whole idea of who you want to become and reiterate whatever motivates you best whenever you can . 
  you ca n't just have your goals and ideas somewhere in the back of your mind , you have to consciously make an effort to remember and live by them . 
  i did exprience gains too , this is 100 % real . 
  i can do more repetitions with weights and my usual gym workout lasts around 25 % longer before i feel i 'm done in . 
  thanks for writing that up . 
  your words are so encouraging . 
  what 's the idea behind natural grounding ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  haha . 
  good story !, 
  i 've been there too . 
  mayby not but the name superpowers sounds very enticing and much more motivating than anything so why not use it . 
  this is very interesting research you 're quoting btw . 
  yes !, 
  let them !, 
  for some people the word itself may promise too much , so they will rant but you would n't expect to become a superhero after a couple days of nofap . 
  i myself can attest that my life improved ever since i 've been here . 
  this is absolutely , certainly 100 % true . 
  mostly , i think , due to more self control which is something you can learn . 
  in terms of physical strength and stamina , i 've had days when i felt amazing and some shitty ones too and these were n't necessarily correlated with my relapses . 
  there are many factors which decide how you feel physically and nofap is only one of them but it is certainly not negligible . 
  softness is allowed here ^ ^ ( no pun intended ), 
  this mirrors my thoughts on nofap and life in general . 
  good one !, 
  that 's great . 
  once in a while i too get these vividly electrifying dreams which left me wishing that they were real . 
  big ups for you . 
  so , consequently , this complimentary immune system thing should make mutual attraction more probable . 
  it is probable that my `` crush '' should be more or less equally attracted to me whilst girls that i do n't pay attention to should , in a big picture , not pay attention to me as well . 
  at least this would seem to be one of the aspects of the attraction . 
  man , i am so happy for you , my fellow nofapper . 
  kudos to you for writing that all up . 
  re potential triggers , what i 've discovered is that they do not trigger me at all as long as i am in a certain nofap-positve-about-my-life-mindset . 
  the worst can happen when i lose my focus and get distracted - in these instances i usually relapsed before . 
  so the main thing for me is to remain 100 % focused on the positive and changing my life for better . 
  reading encouraging ( maybe sometimes even a little stupid ) stories on nofap plays a huge role in this . 
  i am not an expert on the topic however some sort of energy depletion occurs after multiple orgasms in females from what i 've heard . 
  question is what does this entail in terms of hormonal balance and it 's influence on the workings of the body and brain . 
  dude , thanks for writing that . 
  getting a girl or a boy is such a big part of happiness for most of us that it would be criminal to not let ourselves use it as a motivator while on nofap . 
   he issue is n't whether faping can damage my body parts , the issue is how i used fapping , how fapping can damage my life . 
  yeah , but for us , guys , energy levels seem to be linked to testosterone levels . 
  and keeping them at maximum is a way of improving our lives . 
  i myself see huge improvements in this area . 
  i am more lively , can lift more at the gym , can do more repetitions , i no longer feel weary all day , i can work longer etc. 
  i am still far from where i 'd like to be though . 
  i guess each of us has a different set of obstacles to overcome but if we see progress in different areas of our lives , we are less likely to relapse . 
  i absolutely wholeheartedly concur . 
  everyday i look out for posts like this one . 
  i want to write a similar post celebrating my first green star . 
  interesting idea . 
  the problem i see here though is wether you will be able to honour the bet with yourself . 
  it 's almost the same when you promise yourself that you will stop fapping but you do it at a certain point anyway . 
  i 'm interested if this works out for you though . 
  best of luck !,
