  when you think you 're ready , move on . 
  then try doing something productive even though it 's christmas . 
  set yourself a little goal and achieve it . 
  when you do that , you can sit back for a while and appreciate what you did . 
  doing stuff like that teaches you goal oriented behavior and ticking stuff off your list provides little spikes of dopamine that decrease risk of pmo . 
  yeah , that 's true , but we often do n't have enough willpower to do the difficult thing unless we quit whatever indulgences we subscribe into when they serve as a form of escape . 
  same with fapping . 
  it 's not a problem , it 's a symptom . 
  but it 's easier , as it appears , for many guys to quit first and then fill the void that 's left with happy stuff . 
  it would seem that we have to be extremely careful so that we do not overindulge in anything . 
  perhaps there is some deeper sense to a modest lifestyle after all . 
  i remember reading biographies of samuel beckett and ludwig wittgenstein and admiring their frugality despite obviously having means to live way more comfortable . 
  i was never able to live like that myself . 
  it 's very interesting to see how nofap makes us realise all the different forms of escapism we 've been using to not have to deal with the real stuff . 
  people talking about quitting music - who would have thought . 
  i advise against that . 
  if you just pass someone you do n't know and say hello , that just sends the wrong signal and can come off awkward as hell . 
  i mean , you can do that if you 're just an open person and say hello to everyone , that 's what some people do naturally . 
  but there is nothing wrong in walking to that girl directly and starting a conversation . 
  just make sure she sees you while you 're approaching her . 
  do not creep on her from behind . 
  and chose a right moment for that , one that allows you for a couple of moments of uninterrupted conversation . 
  while you do that , be confident in yourself , do not stutter , do not apologize . 
  just think of yourself like you 're doing that girl a favor by talking to her . 
  no , man , it 's not quite the same . 
  if have n't fapped for a year , that means you have freed yourself from a habit . 
  it 's much different to relapse after a year and after , say , two weeks , when you have n't been able to have a streak longer than that . 
  i 've been there . 
  all the best , man !, 
  no fap is an amazing way to start gaining control of our lives again . 
  i can vouch for that . 
  everything started to turn around in life for me since i started with it . 
  i know it can be the same for you . 
  i have to say that i joined reddit especially to partake in this challenge . 
  wish i knew about it sooner . 
  wish i never started fapping in the first place or at least had good motivation to stop a long time ago . 
  but that 's past . 
  i did n't think the habit can be so destructive until i stumbled upon a couple of ted talks on porn . 
  from there i came to yourbrainonporn.com and then here . 
  i am not going to draw the whole story here but my social life looks pretty miserable right now ( no friends , no girlfriend ) and i am determined to do something about it . 
  hope i can find inspiration and encouragement here . 
  i am 31 btw . 
  for me , learning about the downsides of fapping was the biggest motivator to stop it immediately . 
  i hope to learn more about it but i know it might not be enough to abstain from the thing so i will come seeking for strength here . 
  so i thought i would take this sunday morning off ( from life ) to share my story . 
  maybe this will inspire some of you to try harder with this challenge . 
  a little celebration of 52 days pmo free **, 
  this could n't have happened without this community , so thank you !, 
  i sorta missed my 30 day mark to write a post but that 's ok . any day is fine to be happy with what you 've accomplished . 
  and this is a huge accomplishment for me after being imprisoned in pmo cage for like 20 years . 
  ( i 'm 32 now . ), 
  at the moment i ca n't believe how fast the days go by and it only makes me proud seeing the counter every day . 
  52 days may not sound like a lot but my life has already changed so that 's what counts . 
  how did i get where i am **, 
  i have tried to quit mo prior to nofap but unsuccessfully . 
  i was n't comfortable with it even though i was n't aware of all the negative consequences it entails . 
  i ploughed slowly through yt videos and ybop articles on the subject and started to bulid a new mindset . 
  it took me a couple of tries before i reached this 52 day mark . 
  first i could only reach a couple of days , then i was able to get to around day 27 twice and this is my third longer streak . 
  along the way i learned how to control myself better and this was mainly by reading posts by people here on nofap . 
  so what helps **, 
  i think you should find what works for you . 
  some people here suggest really crazy ways to help resist the urges and if they can be successful that way , kudos to them . 
  what works for me :, 
  * building a mindset that is oriented towards the lifestyle change and getting things done . 
  this absolutely essential . 
  * no procrastination . 
  what needs to be done , has to be done , no excuses !, 
  * set yourself little goals every day and reach them, 
  * say `` yes '' to new activities or when someone asks you out, 
  * learn to say `` no '' to what undermines your mindset - sometimes you have to be a little egocentric to do that , but that 's fine cause you 're fighting a bigger fight, 
  * also learn to somehow distance yourself from people that weigh you down cause that can impede your progress . 
  * [ this !, 
  ] ( http://33.media.tumblr.com/68c49a699b66f4ea6a9a02af5210e460/tumblr_n3mdd3ib141qafwwko1_500.jpg ), 
  * `` pain is temporary , quitting lasts forever '' . 
  you can tell me all you want about lance but show me a guy who has more guts and stronger will to do whatever it takes and to take what he wants . 
  * use your favorite quotes to motivate you . 
  * tell yourself there is no coming back pmo . 
  it may sound a little scary once you spell these words in your mind , but you have to do it , you have to tell it to yourself , embrace it and believe it . 
  * consciously staying in this mindset is critically important in the first few weeks of nofap . 
  then it sort of becomes natural . 
  what once was an effort , slowly becomes a habit . 
  changing our behaviour is final and the most important aspect of our resetting process . 
  * reading nofap every day . 
  actually , what motivates me most are stories about guys getting dates , approaching girls , getting first kisses etc. 
  * learning to anticipate when i might relapse . 
  you can actually notice when urges are starting to prevail . 
  you ca n't succumb to them . 
  if this happens , get out of the house , meet with people or at least come and read nofap . 
  * focusing on positive and long lasting life changes . 
  do not concentrate only on abstaining from pmo . 
  almost every addiction has behavioural aspect to it . 
  you have to sort of become a new person and develop new patterns to successfully overcome your old habits . 
  * trying things you have never done before . 
  search for a new hobby . 
  learn a new skill . 
  practice yoga , start a dance class etc. 
  you 'll be surprised how seemingly unrelated things improve other areas of your life . 
  * be patient . 
  do n't let relapses ruin your mindset .
