  i 'm not thinking twice before opening conversations with random strangers . 
  started meditation . 
  when i walk down the street i just stare people in the eyes and see how they react . 
  i talk louder and power walk everywhere . 
  i did all that during the last 2 -3 months . 
  i still do n't have a girlfriend which sometimes makes me incredibly sad on the inside . 
  sometimes i wonder if i look intimidating or come across as creepy or awkward . 
  i do n't know . 
  plus i see couples kissing and hanging around everywhere and it 's driving me crazy !, 
  edit :, 
  aaaaaah !, 
  and i booked a trip to paris for november !, 
  i was never much into travelling before but that also changed . 
  i did n't write this to brag or anything . 
  also it 's not like i did something unimaginable . 
  pretty regular stuff but for me it actually is quite a big deal . 
  this just shows how powerful a tool nofap can be . 
  that 's a sound advice . 
  from my exprience , though , it 's extremely difficuly to just switch your mind around like that during the first 2 - 3 weeks . 
  you have to clench your teeth and just make it work any way you can , i think . 
  well one thing i know for sure is that in those short moments of silence when you look in a woman 's eyes and she looks in yours , magic happens . 
  this is true even when you 're not very close or just met each other . 
  you 're my hero , man . 
  in a couple of months you 're gon na laugh at it . 
  do n't ponder over it too much . 
  you 're cooler than that . 
  yeah , tell me about it . 
  i 've been down so many times on my current streak but eventually got past it . 
  you 'll make it too . 
  show me hard scientific data that says it does n't . 
  you may believe what you chose to believe for now . 
  do you know what 's best for attracting the stares ? 
  wearing a nice suit . 
  try it and you 'll thank me later . 
  ofc you have to wear it with pride and swagger but that 's easy while being on nofap . 
  this was half-rhetorical , dude . 
  i 'm just a little sick of people who make fun of guys who seriously want to improve and turn their lives around . 
  yeah , but i do n't want to be a sceptic when it can impede my progress and become counter-beneficial to what i set up to work on . 
  you may laugh all you want but i prefer to be wrong and awesome rather than right and miserable in this one department . 
  proving anything true is a sketchy business , especially when you start to go all philosophical about it and i 'm not denying it at all . 
  i just wish that guys who make some progress can be happy about it and not be making fun of . 
  besides , there 's a notable difference between an obviously implausible statement like `` do whatever so you can fly '' and the general `` gray '' area of statements concerning nofap benefits . 
  the limits between what 's obviously true ( accepted as true ) and what 's obviously false are also blurry , i think , but when you 're too far off in either accepting what 's false or denying what 's true , that 's usually a sign of mental health problems . 
  there was a great essay on that by wvo quine . 
  i feel those feels too , bro . 
  but seriously , i 've been through stuff like that so many times . 
  like , just today i got into a funny conversation with this cute sa in a store . 
  i was n't even buying anything and she was on her way out but stayed a while to chat with me . 
  i do n't really know how come i have n't thought of asking her out . 
  it was a perfect moment . 
  but that 's the lesson , i guess . 
  you have to stay alert all the time , cause you never know when you 'll meet that special someone . 
  but our troubles are not all in vain , i think . 
  people who suffer in one way or another are likely to relate to others on a deeper level . 
  things that some take for granted can be incredibly hard work for others , like working up the courage to ask a girl out . 
  i happened to watch a vid by tyler from rsd today and it sort of help me sort some of these things out . 
  maybe some of you will find it worthwile too . 
  it 's here :, 
  i started using calm.com lately which has guided meditation and it 's been working ok for me . 
  if you 're a newbie or have problems concentrating , like myself , it might be of some help . 
  i wish it was fitting . 
  nofap was kind of easy compared to other things that it takes to change your life . 
  i feel confident and certain that i will never fap again , there 's no urges and my mind is focused on real life now . 
  the slope however seems to be getting steeper the higher you 've climbed . 
  that 's of course if you decided that nofap is only a catalyst for other positive stuff in life and not an end in iteself . 
  one thing that i get which is n't mentioned all that often is that i am a better at conversations and interactions with people , i am wittier , quicker etc. 
  that may be because i 'm also not that self conscious . 
  i feel like i am climbing out of a giant thick cocoon . 
  it 's a slow process though . 
  my streak is only about half as long as op 's but if you 're interested in my exprience : at this point in my journey there are days when i 'm tempted but 1 ) the urges are less frequent 2 ) when they happen , they are easier to overcome . 
  i had one ( not two ) today . 
  i felt so weak at the gym , ehhh . 
  haha , guess what ? 
  138 days and no girl . 
  but that 's not saying much about my social life which started to bloom all of a sudden . 
  i talk to girls , girls start conversations with me just like in op 's story . 
  good times . 
  there 's no coming back to that pmo shit . 
   so my experience is : no fap cured partly my shyness . 
  but to talk to girls  you still have to try and start a conversation . 
  nofap helps giving a self  confidence boost to do that , 
  out of all benefits , this is the one i am most grateful for . 
  just say f *** it and go talk to her , man . 
  at the moment half the reddit wants to know , like , what will happen next . 
  just remember to write a post about it . 
  figuring all that out is not easy . 
  sometimes you catch yourself thinking that you know where you want to be , but do you really ? 
  or are you just blindly following learnt routines ? 
  i wish i had something wiser to say but my nofap mindset wore off a little since i started and i kinda lost much of that extatic feeling i had in the beginning . 
  although the life is moving in the right direction at the moment and i thank nofap for that . 
  thanks for reminding me what my mindset should be like . 
  that 's a sound adivce for anyone . 
  benefits are not the same for everyone . 
  i suspect it has something to do with perception of how strongly one 's self-image is afflicted by porn addiction . 
  so if you subconsciously linked porn and fapping to all your problems in life , then it is likely that you 'll exprience great benefits . 
  if you thought that pmo was only a minor problem , then you might not get the results that everyone is talking about . 
  sounds scary to say , but me too . 
  you have nothing to aplogize for . 
  maybe just wait a couple of days and let all this sink in . 
  if you bump into her again , try to keep a poker face and see how she feels about your relationship whatever shape or form it may take from now on .
