  i do n't know ... that 's what i would do , i think . 
  it might very well have , dudes . 
  if one subconsciously links their intellectual performance to the frequency with which one faps , some really surprising shit may happen . 
  read the book the new psychocybernetics - it 'll make more sense to you . 
  it did for me , yes . 
  first of all , thanks for sharing your thoughts and experience of these relationships . 
  it feels really good to know , that there are people here who are still willing to exchange some fine words over this subreddit . 
  i have n't been in a relationship for a long time and i do n't think i could be of much help . 
  from what you 've written however it seems that there is always place for making yourself a better person . 
  i mean emotionally , intellectually , physically . 
  each of these `` layers '' of ourselves interact and overlap with one another . 
  that 's why you ca n't be angry or stressed out while having all your muscles relaxed . 
  it 's physically impossible . 
  but that 's just an example . 
  i think a good relationship should include generosity . 
  you all might have noticed how it 's popular to say that we should get rid of our neediness in order for women to see us as strong and independent . 
  by the way , neediness is equally unatractive in women . 
  nobody likes a situation where your partner becomes dependent of yourself cause it feels like you 're the only one who puts something into the relationships while your girlfriend/boyfriend only takes things away . 
  but being non-needy is not enough , because we tend to get caught up in a situation where a relationship becomes something akin to a trade or a business arrangement . 
  both parties contribute but there are always these underlying expectations of reciprocality , the fear that this exchange might end at any time . 
  being truly independent , strong , unselfconscious , free from the gnawing experience of fear , i think , requires generosity , i.e. 
  being ready to give or give stuff up unconditionally . 
  being ready to give but not being compliant or submissive . 
  reaching this level of emotional strength and self-assurance takes time and effort . 
  that 's why i read , meditate , excercise , learn from other people and last but no least partake in the nofap challenge . 
  now that i see what i 've written , it feels kind of abstract but , anyway , that 's just my 2 cents and something to think about . 
  man !, 
  i 've got to read this book finally . 
  thanks for the great input and recommendation . 
  instead of making up quotes i 'd like to know , like , what 's the origin of all the talk about chakras , how did they come up with this idea . 
  i 'm sure it has some explaination . 
  i could never grasp what 's the big deal about chakras but that 's a really really interesting topic if someone could share some first-hand knowledge . 
  yes , yes . 
  that 's very well put . 
  some of the feelings you 've described sound very much familiar to me . 
  the desire to get closer to somebody and feeling petrified at the slightest thought of that same possibility . 
  for many years i 've been thought and talked about as arrogant , misanthropic , asshole . 
  that is not true at all . 
  how surprised many people were , when at some point i started to open up a little . 
  which was still due to an immense and desperate effort on my part . 
  once i thought i have some sort of social anxiety and it might very well be so but much like yourself i can do business with people , i can do small talk , mypalms do n't get sweaty , i can handle most interactions pretty well etc. 
  anything beyond that seems undoable most of the time . 
  i 'm so so tired of this bullshit . 
  wish there was something i could do to train myself to be like most people . 
  that 's very cool !, 
  there are many reasons . 
  for one , this just does n't feel right nor manly to fap , when you can and should be with a girl . 
  when something does n't feel right , you do n't feel well about yourself which often leads to messing up other things in your life . 
  plus , i do it for the superpowers , 
   i 'm finally feeling like i can achieve anything in the world i want right now, 
  i wish i could still feel like that . 
  at this point i know i am on the right track with my life , but miss that awesome emotional high which i 've exprienced only during the first couple of weeks of nofap . 
  no , i stopped doing that a month and a half ago . 
  had vacation and a lot of business issues to resolve lately . 
  i played squash and volleyball and went jogging a couple of times though , but that 's all . 
  i 'm looking forward to be where you are soon . 
  yeah . 
  same here . 
  that 's a very cool quote . 
  i think i 'll look this book up . 
  i can really relate to what you 've said , you have no idea . 
  except , most of the time i keep myself occupated , so i do n't really have time to think about it and i manage to stay happy most of the time . 
  it 's just whenever i see couples hanging around it just hurts . 
  not because of someone else 's happiness , not even because of myself not being in a relationship but more like because of something hidden deep within myself that seemingly prevents me from forming close bonds with other people . 
  objectively , i do n't think this would impede my progress in life , relationships etc. 
  i feel pretty confident in myself now and i am sure i would n't jump back to old habits again . 
  having said that , however , i would n't mo beacause ( and that may be a lame reason ) seeing my streak gives me extra motivation and a sense of having control over myself that ca n't be taken for granted . 
  plus i have this rule that i aim to be as open as i can in front other people and whatever i do in private , i could be doing openly i.e. 
  there 's no difference between my private and public self . 
  and moing is n't something i would go and openly brag about . 
  everybody 's value should be to try and take care of themselves as best as they should . 
  i mean there 's so much more to life other than porn . 
  at some point it might sound to you , non_troll , as a tradeoff but in truth it is n't . 
  once you realize that no pmo is the only sensible way , you wo n't go back no matter how much it hurts . 
  and it will hurt , believe me , but you will withstand that pain and much more !, 
  then you 'll be starting to see how rewarding the life is without porn and from then on it will only go easier . 
  finally !, 
  a non cliched quote on reddit . 
  perhaps things are not as bad for people as it would seem . 
  if you 're happy with what you have , why change ? 
  just realized this is a real thing . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a very good observation you 've made but to add a little something to that : the more you expect of nofap , the more you get in return for being successful with it ; the less good you expect , the less benefits you get to exprience . 
  yes !, 
  this book told you to buy the girl a pack of m&m 's ? 
  you 'll be fine . 
  yesterday i have ended 264 day streak so i should feel worse . 
  i feel pretty good for finally getting a grip of my own life . 
  you should too . 
  you 're on a good path . 
  yeah . 
  thanks !, 
  sure , that 's how i think about it . 
  but there 's more to it , at least for me . 
  it might be beneficial as a wake up call or a remainder or something . 
  staying busy , challenging yourself and doing new stuff is so so so so important . 
  one should never rest . 
  what do you recommend and why ? 
  i try to meditate but it 's an on and off thing . 
  besides , spiritual stuff is better for balancing your mind , i feel , rather than motivation .
