  it 's so worth it , believe me . 
  i was waiting for a post like this for a long time !, 
  thanks man . 
  do you have any resources where stuff like neuroplasticity and grey matter growth is researched more in depth ? 
  or maybe you could write something more about the subject . 
  for a long time i was convinced that once you 're past certain age grey matter does n't grow anymore and it can only shrink . 
  in the last couple of years however i 've read some stuff that put that perspective into doubt but right now i just do n't know what to think anymore . 
  this is , i think , the best post ( 4 posts ) that i 've read in this sub . 
  most of this i already knew but the way you 've put everything together is just great . 
  it was a great read . 
  right . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  to my understanding most dopamine is released once you receive the reward . 
  ( because some gets out to the system even when anticipating reward . ), 
  so in order for this to work you should learn to perceive every boring task you finish as a `` success '' . 
  this will teach your brain to seek and finish more boring tasks and consequently achieve desired success . 
  this shows the importance of small accomplishments that we should have every day and not belittle them as only minor stuff . 
  noticed that as well . 
  i remember this one guy in a church . 
  i was just starting with nofap but this guy , who i might have seen once or twice before but never talked to , took a seat next to me and , out of the blue , greeted me with a handshake . 
  and down where i live it 's just not a custom to greet strangers like this , wether it 's in a church or on a street . 
  that was strange . 
  just a random nofap story . 
  nowadays , it happens more often than before that people come up to me and strike a conversation or say hi first . 
  i also consciously try to look more approachable and friendly . 
  thanks , man !, 
  that 's very interesting stuff . 
  after a year of being here there 's hardly something new to read about that i 'd find exciting . 
  but once in a while someone posts some interesting info about brain research or psychology or hints on stuff like that . 
  then i go on and google the subject and often it turns out really fascinating . 
  it 's all a question of finding the right balance in how you relate with yourself . 
  i think many people here suffer from low self-esteem . 
  for those , believing in superpowers should prove beneficial . 
  besides , higher than average self-esteem is hardly ever considered a problem . 
  at least those who are in that group usually do n't feel like there 's something wrong with them . 
  you 're on the right path brother . 
  somewhere between 30 and 90 days in i was undergoing really severe mood swings myself . 
  most days it was fine and i felt like i was making progress . 
  some of the days i felt incredible joy , almost a bliss feeling which is really hard to describe . 
  but those low days were incredibly painful and sad . 
  i was n't even in the mood for pmo . 
  just wanted someone to hug me . 
  really . 
  it 's creepy only if you make it so . 
  there 's something very deep in the way eye to eye gaze builds connection between people . 
  there are analysis online of the way bill clinton does it and reactions of people who had the opportunity to talk with him one on one . 
  as an occasional late late show watcher i also noticed the way craig ferguson fixes his gaze on his guests . 
  you can notice that when the view switches to the side camera . 
  it 's kind of weird but i watch this show to study his way of holding conversation . 
  i think he 's great at that . 
  the funny thing is that it stands in direct opposition to that `` the secret '' bs . 
  i was smiling to myself like a retard while reading that . 
  maybe it did n't add anything ( but there 's hardly a new film that does that ) but the visuals in it are so tasteful that it was just a nice to watch and i still recommend it . 
  i wonder how they look in comparison to real world problem solving outside of games . 
  superb . 
  thanks !, 
  even if you edge or peek do n't worry about that !, 
  remember why you 're doing nofap . 
  stay strong . 
  you 're on the winning side . 
  yeah , i 'm wondering that too . 
  every fucking day , i ask myself that question . 
  was she protecting herself ? 
  maybe . 
  was she joking ? 
  whatever . 
  was she shittesting you ? 
  really ? 
  did she react in a knee-jerk way ? 
  perhaps . 
  was she telling the truth ? 
  nobody gives a flying fuck !, 
  you 're preaching the truth , brother !, 
  god , i 've heard so much about this book . 
  idk how come i have n't read it yet . 
  i 'm gon na ponder over this neediness vs desire thing . 
  you 've touched something that i 've been trying to wrap my mind around for some time . 
  i was bored out of my mind with that movie and could n't finish watching it but mcconnaughey 's part was the best . 
  i think it 's up to each one of us to keep a healthy view on all this but thanks to this cultish thing going on many of us are more likely to succeed . 
  i mean , if there 's some wishful thinking in this , it only helps to motivate you in the beginning . 
  when you go on further with your streak , you become a little more sceptical , i presume . 
  yeah , that too . 
  it 's good to stay informed though . 
  i really appreciate this post . 
  truer words have n't been spoken . 
  it 's a lot easier to do all this with confidence when you have a permeating belief that what you do is worthwile and good . 
  i 've always thought that the notion of alpha male was established by popular culture and male-oriented magazines . 
  my feeling has always been that most intelligent people , and that 's how i used that expression , put some sort quotes around it every time it is used . 
  a question about her siblings usually keeps them going . 
  unless she has none . 
  i had a couple of really good conversations after having asked a girl about that at some point . 
  it 's personal on one hand but also something people will share with you openly most of the time . 
  oh man , i do n't know anymore . 
  i could swear , that 's what really happens . 
  i 'm usually very alert to what we 're calling `` signals '' , looks etc. 
  and my experience is that it just happens . 
  i ca n't explain it otherwise . 
  thanks for the story . 
  it was awesome to read . 
  you inspired me too .
