  right now i have an exhausting dead end job which pays the bills but gives me no sense of accomplishment . 
  i 'm trying very hard however to change that and being here helps . 
  exactly !, 
  thanks !, 
  your welcome !, 
  i 'm so glad it helped . 
  i think with my first two attempts i got super excited and felt awesome after only a couple of days . 
  when you go on longer streaks the initial euphoria fades a little but you feel really good anyway . 
  mind you , i excercise regularly . 
  i mix moderate strength training with endurance . 
  so it 's mostly running and biking . 
  in the summer i do n't even go to the gym but try to incorporate some workouts into my day and i am super happy with my shape . 
  but everyone shoud do what they like most . 
  also you have to remember that it 's not the same for everyone . 
  people were reporting flatlines that lasted for weeks before they started feeling better . 
  i think that having a positive mindset about these things is crucial . 
  you have to sort of force yourself to believe that everything is awesome , because if you push yourself really hard with everything that you do , it 's inevitable that on some days you 'll feel exhausted . 
  so it 's not really just not fapping that 's important but i guess the overall effort that you put into everything . 
  and then , when you start to see the progress , you just ca n't help but feel elated . 
  thanks for taking the time to leave the comment . 
  good luck to yourself too !, 
  i guess my advice to you would be to take your time . 
  find out what motivates you and build your mindset around that . 
  try initially taking the challenge day by day . 
  no coming back is a very definite statement almost like breaking up with someone so no surprise it 's hard . 
  haha !!, 
  i sure hope it does . 
  that 's how i thought before i started it , dude , believe you me . 
  that 's a very well written post , my friend . 
  i do n't even feel like reading about it at this point in my recovery . 
  it 's disgusting and i wish it was n't all happening . 
   when it goes through the low road it happens unconsciously . 
  this is hypothesised as to how ptsd develops . 
  it 's also how we can sense danger before it even happens . 
  more importantly , the low road is how to  we attune to people . 
  the low road is how we automatically synchronise to people 's movements , speech and emotions without realising . 
  what 's ptsd ? 
  this is very interesting btw . 
  i find it quite consistent with my experiences while on nofap and also pre-nofap . 
  i ca n't agree with you . 
  there are few things worth chasing in life but i think love is one of them . 
  being proactive and outgoing and social does n't equal neediness . 
  you just ca n't sacrifice who you are while being out meeting people but all the same i would n't give up the hunt . 
  deep down i 'd still like someone to fall asleep next to even though i never tell nor hint this to anybody . 
  ( way to appear needy . ), 
  edit : that 's some kind of paradox btw . 
  that we have to hide our true intentions in order to have a better chance at satisfying them . 
  you 're right . 
  i hesitated for a second after seeing that most people here are younger but i do n't really give a s ### . 
  you have to be proud of your age and if you want to start becoming a better person , every time is great for that . 
   dude . 
  i do n't wan na do that . 
  the thought of feeling that desperate for connection with people actually makes me prefer being alone . 
  i feel like i need to feel this void and depression some more , i 've never felt it quite this clearly before . 
  i try playing some guitar , or consider pulling out my drawing-portfolio from last semester 's drawing class to try being artistic again . 
  or i 'll go exercise . 
  but then that activity has to end at some point . 
  and then i 'm back to the emptiness on the couch again . 
  why is it always about distracting ourselves from the void of being alone ? 
  it 's like you 're describing my own thoughts and feelings . 
  thank you for the invitation but i 'm not sure talking about it in detail would do any good to me at this point . 
  i am trying to establish a positive view on life and relationships at the moment . 
  i agree with you in many respects but at the same time i don ; t want to chew on these thoughts for too long cause i 'm afraid they could harm my self-improvement process which took a long time to have up and running . 
  a couple of days ago i wrote a long post describing my current mindset in terms of what i want from nofap . 
  i do n't want that to become wishful thinking again since that was what i was doing most of my life . 
  only for the last couple of weeks i feel like i am the guy in charge . 
  it 's like i decide what to do and i do it and not let someone else decide that for me . 
  you can read my post here :, 
  but if you want to drop me a line , also feel free . 
  i 'll be happy to answer . 
  the best thing i came up with so far is building a positive mindset about life , work , relationships etc. 
  this takes time and conscious effort and does n't guarantee that you 'll feel awesome every day but it 's one of the best things you can do . 
  also , this helps you stay on your nofap streak even if you encounter triggers which are literally impossible to avoid . 
  it 's extremely important to stay busy all the time even if sometimes you feel exhausted . 
  but this has to be smart-busy . 
  you have to set yourself little goals every day and reach them . 
  do not just make plans and start new projects only to let go off them a couple days later . 
  i found this very helpful to make overall progress in life . 
  if you feel like your social life lacks colour , make conscious effort to change that . 
  try working on your confidence and contentment - you have to exude these if you want to have good relationships . 
  also be patient . 
  working on these things takes time . 
  loneliness seems to be like a pertaining illness for myself too . 
  i can forget about it for most of the time , though and try not to think about it too much . 
  going to sleep is usually the saddest point of the day and i can get really low too . 
  sometimes i listen to asmr videos on youtube when in bed , which helps a little . 
  i wrote a longish post about my way of tackling nofap a couple of days ago . 
  you can find it here :, 
  i think you should just go for it . 
  there are lessons for everyone , so find one that 's suited to your needs . 
  just fyi , i hated dancing for a long time . 
  this rapidly changed when i started learning how to actually do it properly . 
  thanks !, 
  only a couple of days ago i realized how valid this advice could be for some people . 
  so for two weeks i had been going to a dance class after work . 
  if you count work and sleep i almost had no time left during the day . 
  this was pretty exhausting , especially since i am not used to being all that busy . 
  then i switched courses for once/week plus took a week off and i am feeling much worse . 
  as long as i am at work , it 's ok , but lonely evenings in front of the computer screen are sooo bad . 
  i get so low sometimes , it 's frightening .
