  if we decide to take things into our own hands ( by banning corrupt people from football ) , they 'll scream `` politics in football '' and ban the nt . 
  they protect each other , fifa and national associations . 
  even better , they 're producing good players . 
  look at this monaco team . 
  if they keep them together they 'll rock the europe in 5 years . 
  then look at toulouse , nice , lyon , nantes . 
  full of young prospects . 
  their national team could rule the scene for quite the some time in the future . 
  stepinski ( 21 ) , rongier ( 22 ) , toure ( 22 ) , dubois ( 22 ) , even diego carlos is only 23 . 
  here 's video of the action and penalty in the 2nd minute . 
  no way that 's red , shocking decision for me . 
  at this rate , jovetic will soon have more goals than minutes for sevilla, 
  that 's all well , and penalty should be given , but this is not a red card since new set of rules that eliminated triple punishment . 
  goal scoring opportunity still remains in a shape of a penalty-kick , so this is yellow card . 
  i agree . 
  still , french national team should profit , and in their place we could see some new exciting youngsters in monaco . 
  that 's why i love ligue 1 and la liga so much , because teams are basically ` forced ' to discover new talents being unable to keep them for long . 
  no , he can only give red card if the player pushes/pulls without an attempt to play the ball or there is no possibility for the player making the challenge to play the ball , or the offence is punishable by red regardless of where it happens ( violent conduct , serious foul play etc ) . 
  of course it is  that 's why we call laws in football like that - they are not the exact rules , they are laws subject to interpretation , and referee 's word is final !, 
  but it does n't mean people ( or other referees like myself ) ca n't argue and disagree with his judgment , especially in matters like this . 
  inaki 's judgment was flawed this time , i say . 
  ljubicic influence , they 've been working on that backhand a lot, 
  never will i worry about penalty taking anymore, 
  do n't do this to me man :(, 
  last time i visited there was some volcanic ash too , so there 's that, 
  best sevilla player this season , also crucial for sampaoli 's tactics . 
  he beat young diego costa, 
  it 's just in elvish script ( tengwar ) , there is no ` language ' as such because it 's his own name as i can see from pictures . 
  this one says `` kun aguero '' written in tengwar . 
  edit : for non-tengwar readers , do n't forget it 's upside-down here , 
  tolkien designed many languages and scripts , and tengwar was the script usually used to write two most prominent languages used by elves ( sindarin and quenya ) . 
  funny thing , torres ' tattoo reads `` fernando '' in english tengwar but actually reads `` frennand ( o ) '' in spanish tengwar mode - modes are different due to the different need for vocals and their frequency . 
  i just smiled at him and i turned the other cheek, 
  god dammit baldrick, 
  did referee send him out of the field to fix something ( bleeding etc ) ? 
  because before 2016 laws changes , you only could get back on the pitch during a stoppage of play if referee sent you out to fix something on your equipment . 
  if it was ` normal ' injury then i do n't know . 
  in short , rayo fans are declaring as `` left wing '' , but most of them are unfortunately pro-soviet and communist bunch of idiots . 
  zozulya 's country is de facto attacked by russia and they did n't like him showing support for some people back in ukraine they think are pro-nazi . 
  they brought it in in parts and then assembled it in the stands . 
  i 'm serious . 
  red hot, 
  they stole that moped from atalanta fan before the match . 
  i do n't think you 'd have smooth skin on your bottom after 18 years in prison either, 
  no , it 's just a burden of proof . 
  a man has to prove both - if you 're being beaten , you have to prove it , if you 're accused of beating , you have to prove you did n't do it . 
  it does n't assume `` automatically '' , but a man holds the burden of proof if he 's being accused of domestic violence . 
  the law ( ley org\u00e1nica 1/2004 for anybody who wants to read , or google `` spanish organic law 1/2004 '' for english text ) has many critics , not only in the field that men are pre-emptively considered guilty before enough evidence is collected ( enabling a number of cases a false `` denuncia '' where it 's used as a weapon for women preparing for divorce , trying to get child custody as well as trying to deny visitation rights for the father ) , but also for its ineffectiveness as the domestic violence ( overwhelmingly still targeting women , sorry reddit ) still very much continues in spain as we can see from lucas ' example too . 
  it was challenged on the constitutional court in spain in 2008 , here 's their ruling :, 
  i 'm not familiar with any further steps taken towards the eu . 
  the thing is , ** you ** have to point on the lack of the specific proof . 
  if a woman calls 016 ( domestic violence line ) and they pick her up with a blue eye , a man has to prove he 's not guilty of it - no blood stains anywhere , no broken objects , no history of abuse etc etc , it varies from case to case . 
  she does n't have to prove anything . 
  i know it sounds wrong or horrible , but having worked with family law for years , that `` gender inequality '' is really the smallest problem with that law . 
  there is around 0.2 % false denuntia made by women . 
  we 're on r/soccer so i do n't want to go full off-topic , but just to clarify a little bit more - to understand some law , you have to understand political and social background . 
  ley org\u00e1nica 1/2004 is not good , but not only because of this . 
  that part of the law was made to encourage victims of a domestic violence ( overwhelmingly women and children ) to report the offenders . 
  only around 10 % of cases are even reported , let alone solved , and we do n't consider psychological abuse here !, 
  and proving you 're being bullied is often stressful and discourages from even reporting the abuse . 
  this way , the law wants to lay the burden of proof on the potential abuser . 
  why the inequality then ? 
  as the constitutional court said -, 
   `` different treatment of sexes in this case has an objective and reasonable justification and does not have disproportionate consequences - it streams from the principles of the protection of life , physical integrity , health , freedom and security of women , which the legislature considers to be insufficiently protected in the field of relationships . '', 
  remember that around 60 women die in spain on a year basis because of the domestic violence . 
  i do n't wan na go political , but the violence is more present in the families of the foreign origin - and their treatment of women generally is worse - so that 's also one more clue to understand this law better . 
   headed over in may, 
  this is something i usually get from the people involved in natural science ( associated with math , mostly ) - i do n't know if you belong there , but just wanted to share it :d, 
  laws of the game are interpreted in each individual case . 
  what you wrote up here - that 's perfectly ok . as a referee , you 're meant to control the game and make clear what 's acceptable , and what is not . 
  you ca n't have the same criteria for challenges in midfield and in the penalty box . 
  remember that a foul is only considered such when the referee deems player 's behaviour is careless , reckless or using excessive force - so there is a difference if you 're making a slide tackle as a defender to protect your goal , or randomly sliding in when somebody is clearing the ball away . 
  your comment kinda sounded like you wo n't get a chance to meet the queen , so you 're going to settle with a [ different lady ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theresa_may ), 
  just like anakin was . 
  when applying self-defence one must apply it in a measure required to stop the assault and not more . 
   it is both good law and good sense that a man who is attacked may defend himself . 
  it is both good law and good sense that he may do , but only do , what is reasonably necessary . 
  if you 're exerting `` revenge '' upon somebody who attacked you , you 'll still answer for what you did to them . 
  it is only just . 
  you just made my day :'), 
  apart from vatican , last country to abolish latin as an official language was croatia ( 1847 ) . 
  it was in wide circulation as lingua franca on various courts across europe . 
  as someone who speaks several languages , trust me , latin is all but stupid . 
  in today 's times , it should be compulsory subject in high schools in indo-european speaking countries ( it is in some , i had to learn it there and it makes learning other languages 50 % easier for sure ) . 
  usually only classical schools ( or however the hell are they called in different countries ) offer ancient greek . 
  where i went to school , students taking that course could learn ancient greek ( + modern greek and differences ) instead of additional math . 
  i chose math . 
  oh , sorry if i misread . 
  just russian bots getting stuck in a loop , again . 
  monkey deus, 
  by origin , yes, 
  [ well , last time that did n't go so well . 
  poor refereeing . 
  this is a yellow card for veltman , unsporting behaviour . 
  what a hit, 
  the hands movement is n't that problematic , but you can see veltman is telling something to his opponent , and laws clearly state that, 
   verbally distracts an opponent during play or at a restart, 
  is unsporting behaviour to be cautioned with a yellow . 
  i 've given a few cards to the players shouting : `` mine ! '', 
  ( or something like that ) specifically to confuse opponents during corners or crosses .
