  i guess that 's why tp scrolls are cheaper now , to compensate for this, 
  you can try [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dota2pubs ) , 
  i agree , but i still think dk or magnus ( fantastic overall buffs that make them viable especially considering what you said ) will make a return for their utility rather than ember going ham ( still , everything can work , and if it works for you , it 's great ) . 
  my best guess is that ta will shine on mid this patch . 
  untouched , blight stone added as a part of deso and cheap enough for a starting build , easily can deny ranged creep and go for the opponent ranged creep due to psi blades , this hurricane pike can actually work on her because of nice stats/range increase and an easy way to get a vision on target ( traps ) ... 
  hero that 's both range and melee ... got ta be troll, 
  it 's still a troll , just not the hero brokeback, 
  [ relevant math ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kakeya_set ) , but maybe not so interesting though, 
  can i get an amen, 
  lovely frost lady , supporting both teams < 3, 
  funny thing is that the word for ` shark ' in some languages ( as is in my native ) literally translates as the ` sea dog ' . 
  nippy, 
  but it does n't tell you who 's ahead . 
  puppies . 
  so secret is actually cn now ? 
  you 're not wrong about owen, 
  i did n't think it was possible to achieve such level of dankness ... trully overlords, 
  watched the replay ... you were definitely non-visible for the enemy side , with log also saying that you received invisible buff and never lost it ( lost only leap buff in the meantime ) ... they also had no vision , so this could be some wicked bug . 
  make a dev thread, 
  will he just play offlane or go to support role ? 
  if it 's a `` noob tournament '' , pick your team comfort heroes . 
  it will serve you better than some non-practiced strats . 
  i go armlet -  blademail -  dagger -  radiance . 
  still undecided on echo sabre or heart . 
  wk is a fucking beast in this patch , at least in pubs . 
  btw ez bugattis for me on eg when vega started to farm on medusa instead just destroying them with momentum . 
  did n't bet on game 3 , and very happy to see vega win , 
  people do that for the bets even on lan tournaments ( see dotapit ) . 
  but i presume valve are at the very least thinking about some solution about that . 
  let me bring some wood, 
  soon ... soon ... 
  death prohpet ze french . 
  i for one welcome our new korean overlords ( 2 +1 ), 
  pick slardar win dotar, 
  9k here , can confirm, 
   in chinese ' 6 ' is a homophone of ' \u6e9c ' which literally means something like slippery . 
  it 's like saying someone 's playing out of his mind . 
  plus his stun really screws pushes and heroes like chen , ench , io or nature 's prophet . 
  how does the boss treat you ? 
  cares for your health enough ? 
  brb selling fish to get gold, 
  i love how they spell shawarma and pizza !, 
  cool place , 10/10 would fresh meat again, 
  which is a pretty good idea in theory , but then couriers and trench do exist, 
  yes, 
  apology for poor englando, 
  where were you when shendelzare was kill ? 
  i was flown at eyrie powering nest of thorns when lina ping, 
  ` shendelzare is kill ', 
  and you ? 
  [ ] ( / flair-creepymaiden ), 
  it could be made to not combine into anything if there 's more than one possible solution when you unlock the item . 
  only when you lock the one you do n't want to use , whoa polymerization, 
  so , basically :, 
  you got locked energy booster , boots , roh and aether lens recipe, 
  you unlock the booster --  nothing here, 
  it gets intense here :, 
  you lock the boots --  you get aether lens, 
  you lock the recipe or roh --  you get mana boots, 
  i think the situation you mentioned is an exception and occurs in a fewer number of examples compared to op 's general idea ... and if something like this happens , we can either have a `` more complicated '' solution , or just have us drop the redundant item and pick it up again . 
  relevant username, 
  plus they both fly, 
  do n't tell anyone , but this is what actually happened . 
  and that 's exactly why valve does n't want to release api - it would make us go around the circle again , and after that bloodbath near the dire ancient last time ... 
  no it 's not , and if i 'm wrong , i will eat a sandwich, 
  we need more derbies and rivalries in dota . 
  as long as the game itself is fair , you just go on . 
  with oracle getting 25/0/0 kda, 
  hey , it tastes just like chicken !, 
  flaming poor written disparaging comment . 
  you do n't get a kill for using bloodstone, 
  synd ward mvp, 
  does it get boring to be tagged like < insert any player name  's girlfriend in community when you 're doing so much more ? 
  there 's a difference between the two ? 
  well she 's not wrong . 
  [ lore page ] ( http://devdutt.com/articles/world-mythology/the-infidelities-of-zeus.html ) is pretty clear on the matter . 
  well there is something in the russian winter, 
  half-life 3 confirmed, 
  are you not entertained !?!, 
  icefrog only showed up once bruno was defeated and out . 
  i think not . 
  worry not !, 
  mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell !, 
  once we played one much against some guys for 3 hours ... they picked am against our sniper . 
  rapiers started coming out at 112th minute , they killed our courier with 12k net worth , everybody bought travels , am got refresher ... then we took a pee-break , they tried to throne us , but you ca n't do that against sniper . 
  their clockwerk stacked 3 cheeses , everybody bought their own courier , in the end we took their racks with chen sendback help and won because they tried too hard to push . 
  basically their carry fucked up . 
  probably a place to hide security cameras in ? 
  tfw i 'm not remotely czech but i understood every single word here . 
  slavic brothers rule . 
  btw , is ` czechia ' an official thing now ? 
  veno + viper + orb of venom on one of them . 
  because fuck the other team . 
  right click -  sell item is much quicker and safer, 
  in the end it was n't even close . 
  how on earth do you push highground against lineup like this ?? 
  what a series . 
  oh man , what incredible dota here . 
  wp to ad finem as well . 
  go empire !,
