  let 's play together and share the wonders of this beautiful game , far away from the flamers and completely free of rage . 
  you can even see his petals, 
   huge ass, 
  you got it right . 
  if you 're not silenced . 
  ... ca n't touch this !, 
  ez greaves, 
  it 's always my team . 
  see you there, 
  bulldog 's dream ... destroying both ancients simultanously, 
  yup , backdoor kicked in at 82:35 exactly , that 's way too late . 
  last creep in range ( run over by batrider fire near the middle t3 ) died even before 82:00 as you can see his body falling down at 82:00 . 
  definitely weird , if this was old dota i would say something something corpses , but this should be just a bug now . 
  aghanim 's scepter upgrade :, 
  ** ball lightning ** - traveling over dropped static remnant will activate the remnant and restore the double of its manacost to storm ( 200 ) . 
  venge is probably the strongest overall hero atm . 
  the amount of versatility it gives to you is insane . 
  chen is also fantastic , but after agh 's nerf i 'd even prefer venge , as she requires no `` dedicated player '' if you know what i mean . 
  he shits for the kids , he shits for the kiiiids, 
   if you have a chen player on your team, 
  that 's what i mean exactly . 
  i 'd take good chen over good venge as well , but i 'd take average venge over average chen . 
  in crushes of your enemies , in their drives before you , in the lamentations of their women . 
  just queue with friend and tip each other to get that achievement . 
  flair checks out . 
  inb4 eg losing against ai_2000 and dropping out of ti8 biblethump, 
  that would be a crack of a grand finals , i really hope to see those two clash in a bo5 . 
  the director was reported to have told lion to `` go to hell '' . 
  and back to hell . 
  reminds me on tennis mostly . 
  similar approach , only dota 's a team game , although in tennis you also travel with your ` team ' ( coaches , physios etc ) . 
  the only people you socialize with when being a tennis pro are other tennis pros . 
  if you try to smuggle drugs into singapure and they catch you , you literally get shot . 
  source : you do n't wan na know . 
  maybe he did n't choke enough ? 
  they sneaked that broodmama in so filthy i 'm impressed . 
  guys pls stop hating the frost lady, 
  if we asked for refund ? 
  well , knowing valve , we would 've probably had to pay the difference between the compendium price and the worth of the hats we 've got . 
  careful man you could get removed from reddit for this comment, 
  lord have mercy , for we have sinned, 
  they left their equipment , too . 
  make it bo7 . 
  the major is in china after all . 
  reddit gets to choose the heroes played . 
  or that james is an ass, 
  thanks for reply , purge . 
  relevant flair, 
  on the serious note though , i agree completely, 
  i 'm not an expert , but it seems to me your dota is in german, 
  it 's a joke , mein freund . 
  you need to verify the game cache . 
  here 's a [ dev thread ] ( http://dev.dota2.com/showthread.php?t=139860 ) that could help you . 
  but the word has just only reached the amazonian jungle . 
  i for one blame the chinese internet . 
  but the word has just only reached the amazonian jungle . 
  i for one blame the chinese internet . 
  you saw right through me . 
  and panel is the ship . 
  a true hero, 
  but only if they use life break on their cities first . 
  it 's so meta , even this acronym, 
  cyborgmatt could really use an automated payment system . 
  a s s, 
  for now . 
  do not remind me ... that shit is the most broken thing in dota, 
  relevant flair, 
  nice try durka second acc, 
  i hope the venue will be at least decently full . 
  it 's a big arena , and with the croatian scene dead for a long time now , it could be hard to get enough fans to fill it . 
  that would be a shame for such a great games incoming and ( hopefully ) nice organisation , so people , be sure to come , split is a beautiful city and there is so much to do  see you there . 
  so ... it was ... you ... biblethump, 
  it 's not that bad either, 
  they 're playing secret in the quarter-finals feelsbadman, 
  i would tell you to go to hell for ruining pubs , but then i realize it 's a bloodseeker and no one gives a fuck anyways . 
  well , shoe-eating issue makes it 3-1, 
  nice , will get to talk to dendi unlike all other people in the world, 
  that midas on red army turned the game around . 
  null field now removes one enemy spell from the game . 
  you probably changed your timezone , game was always scheduled at 10:45 . 
  does n't mean there wo n't be future delays though . 
  swindlezz even jumped over the fence to make pictures with fans . 
  also returned after match to give autographs and talk about dota . 
  not to mention great panel ... 
  true hero of the event !, 
   russian, 
  failfish almost as much as his english, 
  people in croatia speak croatian , friend :d english is spoken and understood by roughly 60 % of people , unlike russian who is represented by maybe 1 % . 
  but i absolutely agree with you , the announcer guy was just a plain idiot , probably given his job by the help of some connections he 's got - he 's already become a meme at cs : go community for his brabrabrabrabravo and everything else . 
  they should 've just let cap do his job - you can not have the whole event in english and then have this random guy try to speak whatever that was . 
  his croatian was also kind of ` bad ' , i mean , you can hear when somebody 's just not meant to do that kind of job . 
  your presumption was perfectly reasonable , even if you heard him speaking croatian , seeing that the most of people ca n't tell the difference between the slavic languages . 
  but for the future reference , as the things stand in europe , the russian language is widely spoken/understood only in russia ( obviously ) , ukraine and belarus . 
  maybe in some parts of estonia/finland as well . 
  anywhere else you 'll find english speakers , even with such a bad accent as the guy . 
  pit lord confirmed, 
  did he turn on the camera , though ? 
  anything could be happening inside that costume . 
  til i had no pulse :(, 
  feelsbadman,
