  group b :, 
  complexity, 
  lgd, 
  i think tree 's aghs is great , it 's just not the item you would usually rush as there are so many better items to get that will bring you more . 
  lategame , 80min + ( or alchemist of course ) , why not ? 
  you 're probably not running out of slots at that moment . 
  i agree . 
  also , i share your pain as well . 
  cm agh 's for that precious 0.5 sec of ulti . 
  feelsbadman, 
  day tucker , night fucker, 
  literally dutch league, 
   chain-feed, 
  i see what you did there, 
  in eastern/middle europe , we learn about those in elementary school . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  then in high school again , just broader . 
  downside is you 're probably too small to be really interested , you forget some things later , and you do n't really cover your own nation history much . 
  all the way since mesopotamia , egypt ( upper and lower ) , ancient crete and greece , names of the alexander the great sons and division of his empire , all the different roman state phases and their wars , mongols , what 's happening in china meanwhile , middle ages in europe , crusades , then a little bit of africa , america history before columbus , and so on and so on . 
  all the way to the modern ages and the `` iron curtain '' . 
  you learn about everything , and if you 're interested enough to actually study , you 'll remember it for life . 
  i can still name most of the chinese dynasties from my time in elementary school almost 15 years ago . 
  that 's why we sometimes mock american school system , but to be honest , i 'd rather be taught well in something that will i do for living than to learn everything i just mentioned at the age of 13 . 
  came here to say that, 
  do n't forget to stack first , 
  [ i 've done it , brethren , i 've made it !, 
  joke 's on you , i 've got a job !, 
  enough for do his power, 
  it depends how certain he was . 
  man , that group a is the real group of death . 
  say good luck to the boys from us empire fangays, 
  [ please log off . 
  by recent lan performances , especially on this patch , 
  scree kaw kaw haha no arcana for you, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  is n't she great ? 
  vp showing full potential once yoky 's back on the offlane . 
  also really nice to see them recover from that 4v5 game . 
  also , the thing is if you have macro keyboard , you can now achieve advantage over anybody who does n't . 
  it 's not even like autoexec that was available to all people , but pure p2w . 
  seeing noone 's busy playing jugger , ez bugattis, 
  panda happened, 
  rekt, 
  you thought it would stop ? 
  last time i checked , ikea were still producing digital furniture ... 
  well , no one saw that coming . 
  just bring pitchforks . 
  i like the way you worked this post !, 
  give this man gold, 
  does it mean that with a pit of malice it will be impossible not to get the rune ? 
  it is a know interaction / bug - if you have any shareable item in your inventory , trying to buy an item from the secret/side lane shop drops it in the ground , instead of disallowing it to be bought due to full inventory . 
  this bug affects every unit with an inventory , both players and couriers . 
  try to check the ground around the secret shop - trees and everything - item is certainly there . 
  [ here it is ] ( http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/263838243270754279/e2d5b92f42c4caa83f691247137bdd64794f2961/ ) , my friend , 
  you walked just there while buying it , so it dropped there . 
  do n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
  * lincoln , 1861, 
  relevant username, 
  this could be an amazing worship song, 
  made my day !, 
  are you sure that 's tattoo ? 
  the technology \u2260 there, 
  dedication, 
  nooooo waga we need you to play dragon lance ta that match , vang/radiance void will be nothing but a standard build by then :d, 
  dotapit in march . 
  sunsfan centaur ? 
  [ could you repeat that ? 
  i was thinking of all the sisters i 've plotted to kill . 
  ] ( https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/e/e6/cm_cmgame_rew_01.mp3 ), 
  well done sir , you deserve all of the upvotes . 
  should i make the post about how front-page complaints are impacting the length of analysis posts at this point ? 
  more buffs for the frost lady . 
  i 'm in . 
  the best i got :, 
  '34 turkish radical pacifists kill retarded european town nearby award ceremony #yolo ', 
  0-0 , probably ? 
  or that xiao8 marvelous performance, 
  that 's why you support with orb of venom viper, 
  personally , i like to pair it with a core veno in the lane . 
  ez enemy dc after 10 minutes or less, 
  hey , i pick supports in pubs , you 're not allowed to hate !, 
  some of us did long time ago . 
  give him some time , he 'll sniff that one out, 
  i honestly think that 's mostly because people overrate the premier league most of the time . 
  yeah , these are good players , but not so amazing ( at least my personal opinion ) . 
  they did n't mention whose fans have to make disturbances in order to disqualify russia . 
  easiest win for slovakia ever . 
   fixed phantom strike affecting couriers, 
  just borrow some poles for the task ... v4 doing it again, 
  good luck with that guy , you 'll need it, 
  we just finished 12th in la liga , so i basically agree , we 'd 've been around 10 in epl without any sort of trouble , probably a little bit higher :\\  ), 
  i agree with everything you said ( have n't been to mestalla since i saw mendes and lim meddling around the club ) , just adding two things :, 
  saying anything about the mess in the club with real madrid flair makes me laugh , with all the due respect i hold for that club ,, 
  if feghouli displays the attitude he had here in england ( particularly under bilic ) , he 's unlikely to get a game . 
  you might want to rewrite this comment now, 
  he 's extremely overpowered with this concept , if he had nothing else but graveyard that alone would 've still been enough to be in every game . 
  same for dying light . 
  also 600 pure damage nuke on 12 seconds cd ? 
  and people complain about oracle :d, 
  i really like concept of the spells , it 's more than something to start with , but it 's just that one hero holds all of them , that 's simply ruthless and too strong .
