  this is pure gold . 
  dota came across the sea ,, 
  it brought us w33 and misery . 
  it killed our pubs , it took our greed ,, 
  it took our salt for its own need . 
  im just curiosu on the problem, 
  everybody 's an enemy in 40 man battle royale, 
  people often talk about previous patches with either nostalgia or ptsp , but here i 'm sure everybody would miss that . 
  silver edge rip sun wukong, 
  these were their first games - what a way to start . 
  do n't forget to ask / r/dota2pubs as well , 
  good luck with the search and your games !, 
  speak for yourself , i never expected anything and was still left disappointed, 
  rigged, 
  for me it 's more about that `` taco taco burrito '' part , that 's a clear racism right there ... message without that is basically alright , whatever, 
  i definitely agree with the last paragraph ( and world is getting mad and oversensitive ) but by definition all of those are considered racism ... when you see that america basically built its society on oppression of selected races and nations in history ( and considering current politics going on there ) , it 's extremely rude to refer `` taco taco burrito '' towards the spanish speakers in the usa , right ? 
  lol yes , that 's the definition of racism . 
  it does n't necessary have to be offensive if you call somebody like that , it could be friendly banter or something completely allowed in social circumstances , but disregarding diversity of one of the oldest nations in the world ( when you took that example ) and everything they 've done for humanity and calling any japanese `` sushi sushi '' is definitely racistic :d let 's just call all germans `` nazis '' and end with it ? 
  denoting the member of any culture to the name of the food is racist , yes . 
  saying the name is n't , of course . 
  winners get additional 4 hours to play, 
  and the defence is n't terrified ? 
  terry pratchet 's `` light fantastic '' learnt me names of these horsemen !, 
  anele, 
  leicester for one ? 
  you just asked what makes this season different  i do n't think leicester will collect as many points as team in their stead did last season , while italy will definitely have a hope of collecting as many as they did . 
  or when the enemies disconnect and you 're longing for the frost lady, 
  also sexually transmitted . 
  i 've been preparing for that my whole life . 
  yeah i have no idea about this rumour but also wanted to praise this guy 's nick, 
  accomplishments, 
  dominance, 
  diversity of strategies and styles, 
  competition at the time, 
  amount of time spent at the top, 
  and, 
  burning, 
  mushi, 
  iceiceice, 
  mmy, 
  when the lists mirror each other perfectly . 
  could go either way . 
  good luck with everything man , whatever path you choose . 
  black hole says hello, 
  some next level mid lane tango and salve mindgames . 
  lunar facts, 
  synderen buffed, 
  p&s do majority of the voices yes , but i 'm not buying this one without my gal wendy testaburger, 
  a leak of / r/ageofmythology in tartarus, 
  we all are have, 
  and in your panda eyes i saw, 
  two million viewbots , maybe more, 
  viewbots watching without flaming, 
  viewbots boosting without memeing, 
  viewbots earning cash, 
  that twitch just never could, 
  nor it should, 
  cause it was all 2ez, 
  i just realized our rtz is actually speaking in semantic codes like the ancient oracles :, 
  so , asked if he 'll be streaming , he responds :, 
   i am not streaming tonight or maybe never fuck off man i dunno where you guys got the idea, 
  we can read that as :, 
   * i * am - not * streaming * !, 
  never fuck off man . 
  i dunno where , you guys got the idea ? 
  rtz just clarifies he is what he is , tells his fans to keep supporting him and asks for advice as where should he stream . 
  the magic ends here . 
  that 's a sore and sad truth . 
  ikr ... we almost got him :'(, 
  ffp + mendes . 
  mathematician inside me is protesting on double equality sign but your point stands . 
  look , we 're winning this game so hard you ca n't even catch a glimpse of my base , so here 's my battle cup trophy . 
  translator 's note : keikaku means plan . 
  dante ? 
  c'mon we all know that 's not going to happen . 
  pretty shitty actually . 
  what a bunch of crap . 
  valencia do n't need striker , we 've got pretty good offensive squad even without paco ( santi mina , rodrigo , nani and medran are working well , dani ofc when he 's in the mood ) . 
  in two games we lost so far we scored two goals but created around 10 clear cut chances ... it 's just a matter of finishing and that will improve , it 's just ` these games ' . 
  seriously , [ look at the highlights against eibar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyn9cbmkjci ) . 
  mina himself could 've scored a hat-trick easily . 
  what we need is a good defender . 
  even better , three good defenders . 
  otherwise it 's lower half of the table with this amateur defence . 
  reinvesting the money into defence , that 's what i meant that ` wo n't happen ' . 
  mendes will probably bring some more of his players that he 's looking to sell later . 
  i do n't think myself we 'll get relegated , but this is n't looking good right now . 
  liga is incredibly strong this season and teams will know how to exploit defensive errors , we need at least two more solid defenders and it 's not looking likely . 
  in a talk with my friends before the season i explained them how we could hope for something like 11th place , now without mustafi it 's more like 14th-15th . 
  reported for graving yourself, 
  i just cashed-out my relegation bet on us ( easy 20 $ though ) !, 
  anger/frustration/revolt bet . 
  81/1 was too high to be missed . 
  said to myself to cash it out if we bring enough players to move abdennour out of starting xi - and we did . 
  what 's wrong with fairs cup ? 
  or cover it with some greece ? 
  feelsgoodman, 
  i love how we just casually avoid answering questions about this :'), 
  not really ... clubs staying out of the cl will get bigger share of the profits than before . 
  so it 's a grotesque win-win - big clubs and ` top 4 ' are happy because of the system , and smaller nations ( 15th place and behind in coefficients ) will get more money .
