  it does n't matter what * we * believe , but what players on that pitch do . 
  mortimer ? 
  for me the best things are non-quest notes you find in different places that are connected to the same event , like when you find some wreckage on the road with a random note from some merchant travelling to sell precious stones , but later in some another random house you find a heart-breaking note from his fiancee telling him he does n't need to sell his mother 's inheritance because they can flee and be happy somewhere else . 
  of course , both places are haunted and people already dead , and it 's up to you to tie the story together . 
  and feel depressed for them - but that 's the point of the whole series i guess , to teach you there are things you ca n't really fix . 
  let me be weak ,, 
  let me sleep ,, 
  and dream of sheep, 
  i like this change !, 
  more matches , more teams ( especially asian teams , ca n't wait to finally see uzbekistan and they should qualify for this if they do n't do it even sooner ) , more interesting group matches , it should be a great world cup !, 
  last 8 will still remain mostly the same , so all of you who are crying for the `` drop in quality '' , i really do n't understand why . 
  ah ... renfri , witcher 's look on snow white < 3, 
  yes, 
  also , when renfri met up with stregobor , he cast a spell on her which turned her into mountain crystals and buried her in the gnomes ' mine , and brought it down upon her ( snow white was closed in crystal coffin when she ate the poisonous apple ) . 
  unfortunately for him , a prince found her , paid a hefty sum to reverse the curse which bound her , and took her home with him ( prince 's kiss reversed the spell on snow white ) . 
  of course , this being witcher , renfri then killed the prince instead of living long and happily . 
   according to croatioan press the chief of sports and president were so humiliated when they realized they had been scammed that they paid alieu 40,000 euro for his silence . 
  this has however never been confirmed . 
  that 's famous mr. zdravko mamic ( who croatian protesters on euro were protesting against , remember ) , and it 's pretty sure he paid him some money for `` silence '' , and probably got some of it back on private account . 
  no way , grindelwald ended locked up in nurmengard + dumbledore won the elder wand implying there was a duel . 
  grindelwald showed remorse for his actions much later . 
  despite the legend , elder wand does n't make one literally unbeatable . 
  remember how draco easily disarmed dumbledore at the astronomy tower . 
  it 's just a very , very powerful wand . 
  also , as with harry and riddle , there was much psychologically at stake in their duel , and it surely influenced the outcome !, 
  and do n't forget dumbledore always tended to claim he was a `` shade more skillful '' than grindelwald . 
  humanistic field here , but we 're on the same page , man . 
  i feel that way about fantasy and fiction in general - you either go all in and create fucking languages and history and politics like tolkien did , or you just put it on some remote place where magic and everything exists the way you want like pratchett did . 
  just do n't try to be realistic and then mess up so many things in sociopolitics like fucking got did . 
  there are exactly as many rational numbers as natural ones , 
  if you order natural numbers as this : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 
  and rational numbers as this :, 
  you can go diagonally through this table and assign one natural number to each of rational numbers . 
  you 'll never run out of natural numbers and you can order rational numbers in a way to assign a natural number to each one of them , meaning they have the same cardinal number . 
  multiple persons can have the same idea at the same time . 
  saturday night liver, 
  sad story about man and his organs . 
  2004 copa was amazing . 
  madrid beating us and then failing in `` their '' final , that was so good to watch . 
  they 're decreasing the cap actually , from 2018 it will be max 3 +1 instead of 4 +1 as is now ( +1 is foreigner but must be from asia ) . 
  and people will watch it of course , i 'm watching it for 3 years already . 
  it 's not good but it 's getting better . 
  but man they 've always dreamt of playing for that swansea or malaga side !!, 
   he does n't even speak, 
  well , he did always * look * a little bit like ibrahimovic . 
  it will take time - but they 'll get better . 
  the plan is not to depend on foreign players at all but to develop their own ( remember , china is ** the ** export country after all ) . 
  host and win world cup by 2050 is set as the great goal . 
  we 'll see , but as chinese say : `` three feet of ice is not formed in a single day . '', 
  maybe poland can into space after all, 
  download and try space engine , you 'll be very happy , 
  calling the offside is just a part of linesman job , 
  lol , pitarch saying that `` the problem is in the structure . '', 
  well , his dismissal is the step in right direction to solve that . 
  it 's really not that bad , players are certainly not `` longing to escape valencia prison '' or anything . 
  the club is in crisis on many levels , but it will survive . 
  there are only a handful of rules in football and we practice them all the time so any good referee must be able to `` recall '' every one of them when needed . 
   something like this is what you constantly get in the regular tests every 6 months , or all those cases when the bar breaks and other weird shit . 
  one corsican tried that already , it did n't work out, 
  you have to break fa 's and referees ' legs first , so it 's probably not going to happen . 
  here 's a [ cool video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-prgudxzd8&amp; ) they linked to me - direct confrontation between the rivals , rijeka were 4 points up at that moment iirc . 
  referee here ... you can give advantage in the box of course , it 's just very rare because it has to be better than a penalty kick . 
  if the ball is going in the net , why would you pull it back and give a penalty ? 
  and push in the penalty area does n't have to be a red card . 
  well done , 
  edit : also , to clarify ,, 
   when the offence is handball, 
  denying an obvious goalscoring opportunity with a handball is basically suarez against ghana , most of the handballs in the area are still yellow or not card at all . 
  what a fucking player . 
  manager is a team official and he ca n't be `` sent off '' in a sense of laws of the game because sending off implies red card , and you ca n't give team officials red card . 
  you can , however , `` expel him from the field of play, 
  and its immediate surroundings . '', 
  is this new captain tsubasa episode ? 
  while i agree with him napoli would n't be top 4 in la liga , that does n't mean they are n't able to kick madrid out in two legged tie . 
  league competitions are different than the cup ones . 
  it was sweet enough :p, 
  tbf they maybe forgot , it was in the past life, 
  man i wanted to go to the event but could n't due to work today . 
  returned from the work an hour ago ( 11pm ) and wanted to watch the replay of the finals ... guess what ? 
  please tell me this is all one big dream :d, 
  not going into this match and clearly a bad call by the referee ( and all other things he did in this match ) , saying that referees should n't be allowed to call offside without a linesman is nonsense . 
  referee 's decision is final , and assistant referees are exactly what the name says . 
  heck , i 'm refereeing most of my games without any assistant , what then , to remove the offside rule ? 
  just because one referee makes a mistake ( that was maybe even motivated , as you say , by some personal gain ) , we should n't disregard so many good calls that are made even overriding the assistant sometimes . 
  how do you train football on the website ? 
  to death, 
  well , there was one solid competition where it happened ... it 's called world cup :d, 
  we get a lot of those when studying for exams . 
  here 's another nice example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s48bstuoya, 
  also , we 're always taught to tell the players ( especially in the young academy teams games ) that the play goes until the whistle sound . 
  not the flag , not the teammate cry , not his mother calling for lunch or tea-break , but until you hear the whistle . 
  oh , yes , you 're probably not going to call offside without assistant ( if he 's there , of course ) , it 's lot harder to do . 
  do n't get me wrong , your first point stands , it 's generally hard to call offside for the referee ( i even tell captains of the teams to take note that we do n't have assistants if we do n't , so that they try to avoid playing offside traps or things like that ) . 
  the point i was trying to make with my first comment and these examples was that the referee 's whistle should be the main indicator for the players , not the flag . 
  you ca n't forbid the referee to call offside ( or overrule the assistant and dismiss the flag ) because he 's the focal point of the match officiating , leader of the team , and the person responsible for all the decisions in the end . 
  cristiano to mexico confirmed, 
  name is the railway club , it is owned by lokomotiv . 
  that 's why it has lokomotiv in the railway . 
  why would fifa ever do anything about it ? 
  fifa is corruption embodied , it lives and feeds on corruption .
