  gjxn1990 , he explains what he wants, 
  line is considered part of the box - but i still think this was outside . 
  albrighton was in the line of referee 's view + everything happened extremely fast . 
  could 've as well been inside , but yeah , referee will get punished for this . 
  there is fk ufa in the russian league . 
  both teams satisfied . 
  atletico without conceding an away goal . 
  leicester still in . 
  i 'm looking forward to the reverse leg !, 
  champions of england , beg your pardon !, 
  / r/amibeingdetained, 
  but seriously , most european countries have laws regarding big sport events which give police much more power than usual , i.e. 
  to arrest anybody they deem suspicious on `` some basis '' . 
  human rights anybody ? 
  i remember some croatian friends telling me they got their cars turned around at the entrance of the city ( zagreb ) because they had the registration plates of the away team city , and had no tickets - because they were n't even going to the game . 
  similar situation can happen in spain . 
  any pl side . 
  agreed , been using it for years . 
  guys are doing wonders with new features + it 's free, 
  cl probably ... el united i 'd say . 
  celta ca n't beat them over two legs , maaaybe in the final if they get there . 
  even ajax would be troublesome for celta ( as seen in group stage ), 
  oh , makes sense  united are still favourites for me though !, 
  and yeah , that was the season i was on holiday and watched kramaric scoring a hat-trick past you guys live ... good times, 
  funny because in the past bayern earned the nickname `` la bestia negra '' ( `` the black beast '' ) after consistently knocking real out of the competition . 
  i feel very old now !, 
  i think he 'd do amazing in the dutch league - see germany with somehow similar philosophy where he 's a beast for hoffenheim . 
  great player , but very reliant on the system . 
  unrelated - please win that title , pretty please . 
  no , obviously , in my comment i 'm assuming he wants to move wherever ( which is not true of course ) . 
  but every side would pay 20m for him . 
  top sides could use the quality player for that money even if he does n't start ( and there are stacked midfields up there for sure ) , while everywhere below 6th he 'll start for sure and 20m would be a no-brainer ( please correct me if there are some really good midfields down there since i 'm not exactly the pl expert ) . 
  there 's no generic answer to this . 
  every football match is different , every team has its idea for specific game , and goals they want to achieve . 
  teams do different transitions , different defending , different attacks , have different strong or weak spots , weaknesses to exploit or tactically unsound players . 
  or , if you put it that way , there are different types of buses - you can beat iveco by baiting them out and dropping your forward between the lines , you can destroy man by a classic box bombardment , you can dismantle toyota with a unorthodox false nine which draws out the defender to leave a space for winger to fill and receive a ball , and you can wait for iris to destroy itself with an error as you put it under pressure . 
  tbf atalanta always have amazing young players, 
  he 's also active on twitter , so everything fits, 
  it does depend on a country , but it 's generally fine only if public interest  right of privacy of the individual . 
  so you publishing my fight with my wife and her threatening me with a serious injury would be illegal , while panama papers is n't . 
  except if you 're boateng, 
  where they did n't have a full-back because juanfran got injured and savic had to act like one , dropping out of position numerous times . 
  it 's ok , the spaniards would n't learn it anyway, 
  what a journey this is for them . 
  hope they can go on and win it !, 
  oh yeah , definitely ( they rested 10 players previous weekend ) . 
  i just do n't know if they have the quality . 
  but erdogan told me you were nazis , how can you commemorate your victims ? 
  what did you ssssay ? 
  it depended on local authorities as well . 
  i did n't live in ussr but other communist state which practices were similar , but little bit lighter , regarding religion . 
  nobody would forbid us to go to the mass on the christmas-eve , but christmas was a working day and we had to go to school . 
  and , i shit you not , some of the teachers would then check which children had `` panda eyes '' ( or how do you say it ) and punish them because that meant they attended the mass. 
  also , authorities always had their `` informants '' to spy for them who 's going to the church . 
  those people could say goodbye to any potential careers connected to the state ( teachers etc ) . 
  it did n't help them much in my parts because practically everybody went to the church - so it was n't forbidden for us , but they did fight to stop it . 
  some more info :, 
  [ last time hajduk won in 2008 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddufm1860ny ), 
  [ this is the current 1 . hnl table . 
  ] ( http://www.sofascore.com/tournament/football/croatia/1-hnl/170 ) rijeka play later in the evening in the local derby against istra . 
  they now have the opportunity to move 7 points ahead . 
  rijeka winning title could perhaps be an end of mamic-dominated croatian football ( remember those guys throwing flares at the euro as a protest against mamic ? 
  here 's [ the reddit thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3c3j2d/multiple_corruption_happenings_in_croatian/ ) with somebody explaining things , also look for the match thread croatia - czech republic if you 're more interested and other threads around that time ) , as he currently has the charges pressed against him and missing on the champions league revenue ( croatia only has 1 club going to the cl , so 2nd place is n't worth anything to him ) ** could ** be an end of his business empire . 
  also , as a build-up for this game , dinamo 's best player soudani was first not given a card for [ this move ] ( https://youtu.be/cgqsbg8nn9w?t=1m49s ) in the last week 's fixture against dinamo 's b team lokomotiva , only to be suspended after a public outrage , and the emergency commission removing his ban again so he could play today . 
  of course , he was the most dangerous man on the pitch . 
  yes , that :d, 
  why marcelo did n't bring him down at the center mark i 'll never know . 
  just in case you were wondering what he actually said , it was `` haz falta !, 
  '' , or `` make a foul ! '', 
  he later added `` co\u00f1os '' at the end , meaning `` cunts '' :'), 
  ( former ) referee here , this will get buried probably but to explain some points :, 
  great point that the laws are not encompassing . 
  people ( especially outside football ) often forget this . 
  that 's why they 're laws , not rules - they 're subject to interpretation . 
  removing your shirt is n't a bookable offence in itself ( other than in celebration ) , but you 'll probably still book the player for something . 
  after all , you 're breaking the law 4 ( player 's equipment ) by removing your shirt . 
  however , correct procedure is to send the player to the sidelines to fix his equipment , and then when he does , to allow him to come back to play . 
  think of it as removing your boot or shinguards - you ca n't play like that , but you should n't be booked simply because you took them off - maybe you 're bleeding or have an injury ? 
  however , as you said , 99 % of shirt removals happens when the goal is scored . 
  inkoom removed his shirt on the pitch and i 'd give him the second yellow too , for unsporting behaviour - showing the lack of respect for the game . 
  so , even if it is n't a bookable offence in itself , you as a referee have to think about what we call `` law 18 '' ( use your head and common sense ) , and you 'll book the player in most cases . 
  greenland also has the highest suicide rate in the world, 
  the only way i.e. 
  norwich defenders would prevent messi from scoring 5-6 past them is by breaking his leg . 
  he scored 10 against arsenal in 3 games . 
  enzo perez ' against betis definitely was ( way worse than ramos imo ) , ca n't say for the others by heart , but this is a usual procedure . 
  unfortunately i say , because tackles like this should be sanctioned harsher . 
  that 's a perfect na dota if i ever saw one :d, 
  in which countries is it available ? 
  they also played the most games , mate :d, 
  simeone going for zidane 's black magic strats . 
  game on . 
  this is referee 's decision whether ronaldo ` impacts ' on an opponent with his clear will to play the ball . 
  for me , no offside because there 's other madrid player on the far post so defence would still react if ronaldo was n't there . 
  if ronaldo even touched any atleti player , it 's offside . 
  but i can see some other referee saying ronaldo impacted defender by his reaction and call offside here . 
   this is referee 's decision whether ronaldo ` impacts ' on an opponent with his clear will to play the ball . 
   for me , no offside because there 's other madrid player on the far post so defence would still react if ronaldo was n't there . 
   if ronaldo even touched any atleti player , it 's offside .
