  there he took photos with several different people smiling and generally being welcomed as a hero , before - allegedly - turning away the proposal to be sent to the hospital in split and choosing to go to zagreb by a car . 
  so he 's basically fine , although you can expect palpatinesque ` the attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed ' speeches from him soon . 
   quick explaination of why did someone try to murder/assassinate/mafia warn him would be nice . 
  quick ? 
  that 's not easy . 
  to keep it as short as possible , he 's the alpha and omega of the croatian football in the last 10-15 years . 
  and everything in the said football is solely dedicated to fill his pockets and the pockets of his family and clique . 
  football association , national team , referee organization , domestic league - they 've all been under his control and served to extract large sums of money mostly through dinamo zagreb , their ensured domination in the league and transfers . 
  the worst thing ? 
  his arms stretch to the political waters where he 's got a strong protection from many sides that benefit from him ( that 's why his illegal activities are rarely prosecuted , and when they are you have to fight the sea of forgetting witnesses , changing hearts , and so on ) . 
  and he knows he ca n't be touched , and he ruthlessly laughs at any resistance or opponents , mocking the football fans . 
  something - maybe - began to change recently , as he 's being charged for illegal contracts ( or unpaid taxes if they 've been legal ) with modric/lovren and the others , and he 's showing the signs of being afraid for the first time basically . 
  he was first cornered by modric 's confession ( however , luka ` forgot everything ' when he came to the court , making mamic proclaim him his ` dear son ' ) , and before lovren should 've testified , mamic staged a fight with his lawyers to get the trial suspended until september ( many speculated lovren needed more ` persuasion ' to forget things as well ) , and now that the trial is at hand again , this happens . 
  this is still around 5 % of things this man did , but i 'm trying to keep it short as possible . 
  so , there 's a number of reasons why he could 've got shot . 
  maybe a staged wound to delay the trial , maybe some internal mafia problems , maybe psycho fans that have had enough ( that one 's the least probable for me , cause he 'd be dead , not shot in the leg ) . 
  also slark, 
  tell that to the fda, 
  warning though - 5:24, 
   but nobody wanted to come rescue her so i crushed her . 
  one ... of my favourites ? 
  european reporting , absolutely agree , am against the us absolute freedom of speech any day in the week !, 
  not government !, 
  courts !, 
  i know . 
  it is still ` too broad ' for me to be honest . 
  i 'd be scared to live in a country where rallies like that in charlottesville are not illegal . 
  yet i 'm biased . 
  hate speech led to and fueled a war where i lost some of my relatives in very cruel ways and had to flee the country where my family lived for centuries . 
  um ... we already have that - it 's called constitutional policies and healthcare standards . 
  following that logic , we also have them to decide who should be free , and who should be jailed - where are my rights ? 
  government is n't the faraway concept sent to enslave you , it 's a council and leadership you get the say in , and that serves to force the policies majority of people wants . 
  that 's democracy . 
   as long as it 's not inciting violence or breaking the law, 
  exactly my point !, 
  but we have to draw the line , as you say , somewhere . 
  at what point is expressing your opinion ` breaking the law ' ? 
  does this count ? 
  for me , freedom of speech is a human right , basic human right , just as the freedom of movement is . 
  and just as the court can restrict your freedom of movement by putting you into jail , they should be able to restrict your freedom of speech if you broke the law . 
  and how restricted or oppressive should that laws be is up to society to decide . 
  some society ( us in example ) may prefer more loosen up laws as they can more easily deal with potential hate inciting speech in number of other ways , while some different country may prefer to jail somebody if they deny holocaust for example , due to the complicated history . 
  maybe in 50 years that law will become superficial and society decides to remove it , saying that everybody should be able to say whatever they want and nobody will get mad at them ever again . 
  i doubt it sincerely ( the whole human history teaches us otherwise ) , but the key is always the same - education . 
   the argument that the state is restricting your freedom by putting you in jail is n't valid because you are committing a crime and causing economical , emotional or physical harm to someone . 
  i disagree on this part , but welp , agree to disagree . 
  somebody kicking me in the face is reprimanded by the state , but somebody constantly slandering my race/nationality/religion and causing an atmosphere of fear , hate and anger is n't . 
  for me , the second one is much more dangerous for me , society and the said state than the first one . 
  that reliable gold though, 
  how can you say massachusetts is n't a single letter word mate, 
  did n't dinamo zagreb knock you out in 2007/08 season ? 
  release the kraken, 
  good news !, 
  they 're all available online here in english - http://www.omgbeaupeep.com/comics/asterix/008/1/, 
  nah , monaco would certainly sue for more because they 'd lost valuable time in the market while that case is resolving , arguing they expected the money to operate in the market earlier , 
  same here , never played solo ranked in my life . 
  i just do n't see the point of it . 
  yeah , fair point . 
  i presume if you play a lot and devote a part of your life towards it , you want to have some measurement for that at the very least , 
  i 'm one of the rare people that used that command when playing support , as a way of telling people not to dive/push/farm somewhere unsafe , because `` we need wards '' and i 'm working on it, 
  bishop can you capture d4 can you capture d4 bishop can you capture d4, 
  what when they beat you or kill your family ? 
  a woman died in charlottesville , remember ? 
  would you understand if her family/relatives are unable to just `` shrug it off '' ? 
  i respect your opinion but wholeheartedly disagree . 
  however , i had this conversation many times before and i do n't want to dwell on it , so we can stop here , 
  honestly , if you 're an assistant referee , you almost only care that socks are different , which they are . 
  however , this obviously should n't be allowed because of the players and fans . 
  for referees it 's mostly ok . 
  how to trigger a german ? 
  remove the reward for coaching and it could work , i think there 's enough of us who would do it for the sake of the coaching itself . 
  because that 's where people understand that if somebody 's really below the level of the game it 's probably just an account buyer . 
  in my opinion conmebol + concacaf deserve as many places as europe . 
  it 's time we introduce some coefficient for confederations . 
  small teams from europe qualify and go out in groups too often , while south american and north american teams usually go through the group , yet they have fewer places . 
  i 'd include the caribbeans . 
  that would make it - what , around 45 national teams ? 
  - similar to uefa . 
  those teams are bad ? 
  well , in europe we have lichtenstein , malta , gibraltar , andorra , san marino and similar teams playing as well . 
  france drew to luxembourg few days ago , maybe those caribbean teams could threaten some of the big names too . 
  plus , they get more exposure to football and play against bigger teams , so maybe they can grow a little bit . 
  at least teams like venezuela and bolivia would get a very solid shout of qualifying , and they are surely not worse than some teams in europe that actually qualify !, 
   i want most games to be high quality , not france v. malta level . 
  here is where we disagree :d if you put those tiny countries to preliminaries , would the games there be of high quality ? 
  for high quality games we have the main world cup tournament and its later rounds . 
  in qualifying , i prefer everybody to get their fair shot !, 
  plus , what is the main point for me , football in dominica , trinidad & tobago or even jamaica would grow in strength and popularity much more if they played qualifiers against brazil , uruguay and mexico instead of haiti and the bahamas . 
  european teams getting out of the group in the last four wcs :, 
  comparing that to the trend in concacaf + conmebol :, 
  i 'd argue 10 or 11 places would be more than enough for europe , with the remaining given to either americas or more intercontinental playoffs . 
  more than everything else , i 'd like to see uefa in intercontinental playoffs as well . 
  give uefa 11 +2 , with those 2 being 4 * 0.5 , and organize some huge playoffs !, 
  no no no , it gave them away, 
  height, 
  [ these things ] ( http://infocentrala.rs/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/nakurnjak-maskirni.jpg ) were legit in mountain parts of balkans 100-150 years ago , some folks are knitting them even today , more for selling to the tourist than actual wearing . 
  he himself thought the error is much larger because he could n't believe how huge earth turned out to be according to the calculation . 
  \\  catapulted straight to the first place, 
  \\  fia disqualifies him due to the not complying with car weight requirements, 
  there 's my daily dose of laud laughing .
