  it aired about 16:30 bst - if somebody could post the video/link once they 're available , i 'd be eternally grateful . 
  great stuff . 
  / r/dota2 is leaking, 
  cool lizard, 
  that implies it has to be away at this point, 
  it 's complicated , but also irrelevant right now since yugoslavia never won euro . 
  that is correct . 
  just one thing , catalonia becoming independent would n't be a prerequisite , just them being acknowledged by fifa . 
  what tax, 
  i strongly disapprove 1-1-4 . 
  it makes you useless in your most important part of the game ( and the one you can actually do something ) , the early game . 
  are you sir chatting shit by any chance ? 
  f i r e d, 
  [ nsfw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjp9f5lkvmq ), 
  you 're not alone !, 
  i 'm eternally grateful as promised . 
  probably a village in wales, 
  you might have switched those numbers , 
  you bet on ajax winning the title ? 
  amazing player , carried sporting this year but he 's not for the epl , so i hope he actually stays in spain . 
  switzerland v poland 0-0 ( p ), 
  wales v northern ireland 2-0, 
  croatia v portugal 1-3, 
  france v republic of ireland 1-0, 
  italy v spain 0-2, 
  england v iceland 0-0 ( it goes without saying ), 
  a little bit of both , i 'd say . 
  i could compare him to soldado in some points , and look how he fared in the epl . 
  just different style of football . 
  but do n't get me wrong , the lad deserves ` stronger ' club than sporting , i 'm just not sure england is the right career choice at the moment . 
  remember that goal he scored for ajax in 2004 ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbccpssoong ), 
  but my post was actually part of the lyrics of sanjin & youthman `` zlatan '' song , 
  finnish is to some degree . 
   goa\u0141, 
  trouble was , [ / r/all ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/all ) did n't do auditions . 
  tagged, 
  rematch for wizna ? 
  i 've actually put some money on poland beating germany 4-0 in the final , what would make me insanely rich , so ... hajda polska , kto wygra ? 
  my crossover word invented so i do n't have to pronounce chod\u017a , naprz\u00f3d or similar :d, 
  something something regards, 
  toad is basically trying to balance the game so that neither side nor first pick give any significant advantage . 
  source : changes in cm in the previous patch switching last picks . 
  i love reddit so much, 
  i 've done it , boys , i 've done it !, 
  boys ... ? 
  only stops to bang some shitchatters along the way, 
  literally offside trap, 
  makes sense that the germanic languages have same roots and stems , 
  instructions unclear , scored a touchdown, 
  so , no one stays ? 
  o shit waddup, 
  he did in fact cry . 
  well can i see the knife, 
  rip wales, 
  well with uk departing we need something united in eu, 
  flair checks out, 
  could n't put it better myself . 
  so much for my retirement ... 
  fuck , this one is hard ... 
  i guess alvaro * la fiera * negredo, 
  i 'm still looking for number 7 somewhere inside of this post, 
  nice flair mate, 
  i always thought he was aviaci\u00f3n fan , purely because of the army and all that . 
  also , if they needed some good players -  conscription , put all the youth players in army , and there you go . 
  the old people always said franco liked golf . 
  nike are really trying to annoy people as much as possible :(, 
  working on a study with number of vowels in regular talking , croatian is actually second in europe only to italian when it comes to that . 
  not really , 'll ' is pronounced differently throughout spain , but it 's usually something like ` dj ' or ` y ' or even ` zh ' ( \u0111 , j , \u017e for you ) . 
  in latin america they use pronunciation you explained more often though . 
  hey we have a dof now !, 
  right now we 're consistently bad , so being inconsistently bad would be a welcome improvement . 
  * you 'll never believe this 21 weird months messi wo n't serve in prison !, 
  i think you overestimate kishna , i give him two weeks . 
  were you paid for by the chinese ? 
  reversed greece, 
   they watched the dragons fly . 
  quoth the / r/soccer lmao ayyyy . 
  true , because that 's the way frostbite works ( lasts 10 seconds on creeps level 6 or lower ) . 
  meepo absolutely yes , invoker no . 
  just personal thing , i do n't like seeing so many different spells on one hero . 
  it feels simply unfair when he 's in right hands . 
  agree . 
  this is also noticeable with warding spots . 
  some spots are exclusively good for 3k games , as 3k players use different routes and position themselves differently . 
  those same spots can be , and mostly are , absolutely useless in higher bracket though . 
  gary has more than proven his managerial qualities meanwhile / s, 
  i know . 
  the same goes for warlock golem , visage familiars and everything else that is a creep-hero unit , as well as rosh and ancients . 
  my first post was bad-shaped , it should 've went like `` lasts 10 seconds only on creeps level 6 or lower . 
  somebody post the gif already ... 
  do n't you dare insult my casio , he talked to me today, 
  efishency is everything nowadays . 
  feelsbadman, 
  inb4 relevant username, 
  '' * woah , that was too close * '', 
  \\ - kishna 's knees, 
  any team paco jemez coaches is your best choice . 
  granada this season . 
  why am i not surprised that sport are the ones with articles like this :'),
