  woah man big fan, 
  right on point . 
  that was ... unexpected . 
  well tax evasion certainly fits . 
  it 's not that rewarding  while i hope you get your wish fulfilled , i think that * could * maybe ruin those games for the remaining 9 players . 
  try to queue party unranked with a 5-6k person maybe ? 
  people are not rational ( especially in dota ) , they do n't make difference between all these groups : /, 
  once again , i do hope you get your games and do n't get dissuaded whatever the outcome . 
  this is why summit is my favourite tournament :'d, 
  this is dota for me , and that is why summit is so close to my heart < 3, 
  have n't laughed this hard in a long time . 
  i mean i can understand why it would be annoying for somebody expecting a full insight pro casting ( sort of what ee and pld did yesterday ) . 
  but this is such a funny break from constant ` real sports full serious mode ' dota is trying to achieve recently and that does n't fit it at all . 
  fantastic thing :d, 
  ee throwing again brokeback, 
  holy shit this is the best thing ever, 
  `` dude i left secret man '' , implying he did n't get kicked :'d, 
  he had tower vision for a little bit ... still sick pogchamp, 
  it 's got to be some kind of a bet at this point , it 's actually insane, 
  true professional . 
  they understood perfectly what hero could do - splitpush without fear of being punished . 
  one aghs remote could clear the entire wave , and you have to stop him . 
  however , if you commit to ganking him , suicide and you gain nothing . 
  even if you kill him somehow it 's still pos . 
  4 techies . 
  poorball has a better ring to it, 
  pretty excited to see how trepca will do , they got pretty solid debut draw . 
  it 's the local association and competition ruling thing . 
  it would help if we knew which competition it is , 
  laws of the game do n't cover that part . 
  however , it is probably the right decision . 
  if you have to submit a player list for the match , and the names playing are n't the ones on that list , you 'll forfeit the match . 
  he * is * the mafia . 
  he chose to sign a contract with mafia himself . 
  he signed antedated annexes and contracts that are only meant to extract money to him and mamic . 
  basically , he broke the law and lied about it . 
  then , given the chance to kill the snake and redeem himself , he ` forgot everything ' . 
  in court . 
  some players refused to sign contract with mamic - you do n't often hear about them because they are n't called for the national team ( i wonder why ) . 
  the key thing is , the worst that happened to them was that they were n't called for the nt or got big transfers . 
  not some kind of horsehead in a bed or kidnapped children . 
  and those were small reputation players , not fucking luka modric . 
   we have no sense of humour ~ ~ when it comes to people not playing by rules . 
  we love rules . ~ ~, 
  bd will probably be blade dance . 
  ingame yes , but there are macro keyboards that are allowed ( steelseries apex 350 i.e. ) . 
  although professional players on top level definitely do n't use them ( or if they use those keyboards they do n't use macro commands ) , they are allowed . 
  just one correction - usually you do n't get to choose between side/first pick but between side/pick - you can take second pick if it suits you ( that way you 'll have the last pick and some teams value that ) , and then the opponent chooses a side . 
  i guess you could call that ... 
  ... swift ending, 
  as a ( former ) referee ... going by the laws , this is yellow for defender ( sledder ) - unsporting behaviour - and red for attacking player ( sled dog , guy that kicked him ) - violent conduct . 
  being fouled does n't excuse you for kicking people on the pitch , otherwise it is a shitshow , not a football match . 
  however , i can guarantee you that defender would have gotten second yellow / red in the next five minutes if i was refereeing this . 
  bathroom , mate, 
  intent is punishable by red card , does n't matter if he kicked him . 
  nothing can resist an experienced force wielder, 
  no way they do that . 
  the sheikhs will request the money they bribed fifa officials with back , and it is well spent already . 
  bruno all the way, 
  that is correct . 
  if enemies have 0 or 1 base int , he wo n't steal anymore , although status buff will be updated . 
  not true , rules differ across different sports and associations . 
  personally , i can speak for football ( soccer ) as i 'm involved in it - as a tiebreaker , some leagues value h2h ( spain for example ) , some goal difference ( england ) , some even other factors ( points in the earlier part of the season ) or play tiebreaker matches ( italy until 2004-05 season ) . 
  even in the international tournaments h2h is n't always the deciding factor - right now confederations cup is being played where group stage tiebreaker is goal difference . 
  as for additional match being played to determine a winner - refer to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/one-game_playoff, 
  so it is very widely used . 
  where are you at the moment ? 
  i 'll gladly help you with advice . 
  just grind levels on the easy machines and it will eventually become easier . 
  plus , every machine has a weak point , and it 's honestly much easier to bring it down by abusing that weak point than to force a direct engagement as you 'll probably take too much damage . 
  source : was level 50 ( max ) before going to meridian, 
  did you buy all shadow weapons already ? 
  if i remember correctly , you can get them at the daytower already from a merchant . 
  that 's as far as the weapons will get strong - except two you can get when you go through the whole lodge storyline and get all suns on all grounds , but even those are n't much stronger . 
  it 's about how you use them , really - that 's what i liked about the game ; unlike many other rpgs where you just buy a sword with higher damage , here you do n't get additional damage after shadow weapons ( you can only imbue them in crafting panel and that 's about it ) , but you must often switch through them to find the right balance . 
  only thing that gets stronger is your health ( which is really good seeing that herbs heal a fixed percentage of your health , and 14 % of 500 is much better than 14 % of 300 ) . 
  leveling up helps you a lot with acquiring new skills - and honestly , it can really help when you have all prowler and forager skills unlocked if you prefer a stealthy approach . 
  you can sneak up almost to anybody and avoid a direct confrontation which - again - results in huge chunks of damage taken . 
  also , tinker skill helps you change the strong point of your weapons almost on a fight-to-fight basis if you need it . 
  every machine requires a different approach . 
  in hard fights ( such as clearing camps or whole herds ) it is often helpful to try to take down the small machines by stealth ( you can always kill all watchers anywhere by hitting them in the eye or sneaking up to them ) before trying to take on the large ones . 
  similar , you can pretty much always kill all humans by sniping them before even trying to deal with corruptors . 
  try to get 1v1 against strong machine and then you have the upper hand . 
  after that it 's a matter of what machine it is - corruptors are one of the most difficult due to their mobility and heavy damage , but for me the recipe was always the same : shoot them with cold arrows and bombs until they freeze , and then hit them with a sharpshoot bow normal arrows ( highest damage in the game ) - when they 're frozen , they take additional damage and you can kill a corruptor without giving him a chance to even unfreeze . 
  do n't be afraid to use potions , traps , to switch weapons or to run away from the hard fight if needed . 
  if you 're looking for some easy experience , there should be a small lake near daytower where the snapmaw site is ( crocodile machines ) - they are * very * vulnerable to fire arrows and easy to kill for so much experience - you can practice your accuracy there as well . 
  if you fear their cold attack , drink a cold resistance potion or just jump away quickly . 
  also , try to complete tallnecks and cauldrons as soon as possible - also for experience , but overriding as well . 
  nothing better than overriding that thunderjaw and setting him against the other one !, 
  can confirm . 
  slacks was a reserve player for dc last year though, 
  yeeeeeees so happy for them , let 's go grab that ti, 
  you go , sheever !, 
  here you go -  https://www.twitch.tv/videos/154991773, 
  since i ca n't figure out how to link exact timing , it starts at 34:58:37 , 
  both are his accounts , he 's playing with pc next to laptop to be able to buy items . 
  it 's a 5.3 k average party ranked game i think , his solo mmr is 7.6 k though and he 's a micro god who did this times and times before , 
  he 's playing dark seer and treant btw . 
  this is perfect . 
  this game has an amazing pro scene to watch , honestly no reason to play it to absolutely enjoy .
