  hundred of thousands here is much higher percentage than in india . 
  and the second statement is not absurd at all , so yeah . 
  personally i do not despite muslims , but i despise islam . 
  dont take that for islamophobia though , i hate all religion . 
  i think religion is a mental defficiency . 
  but thats just my personal opinion and thats where it should end . 
  `` muslim brothers , your holy book literally tells you to kill every non-muslim , you are either an extremist or not a muslim . '', 
  data repeatedly shows that even second generation well integrated muslims in western country in majority support isis anyway , so what we do isnt going to change much . 
  the inherent problem is the ideology itself . 
  yep , everyone knows that was finland instead !, 
  / s ( but ye , finland joined the axis for the urpose of mutual defence against soviets ), 
  to me sounds like your cousin was trying to make a joke there . 
  a poor one but i dont think she really believes it . 
  it does not offend me when somone points out that my country has done shit things in the past . 
  what does offend me is when people claim that i am somehow responsible what my country did 100 years ago and must make reparations to the victims . 
  example : soviet union has usurped jewish land that it later sold to my granduncle who built a house on it and multiple generations of my family lived in there . 
  after soviet union collapsed the grandsons of those jews showed up demanding that the land , with the house on top of it , would be given back to them . 
  alas it was soviets , not germans that did this and as such our government didnt feel a need to pay reparations . 
  marriage is one of possible ways to get eu visa . 
   but why not ? 
  in eu this is super easy - you can only hold your old citizenship , or apply for the new one after a few years , or apply for dual citizenship . 
  dual citizenship is nonsense . 
  you can either be a citizen of x or of y , not both . 
  dial citizenship is just a way to inflate your population statistics to not look like your loosing people to emigration . 
  its worth noting that in the last 10 years a quarter of quebec population migrated there from france , so a lot of people find it very attractive . 
  there are two types of emigration here : 1 . 
  brain drain . 
  good quality specialists are migrating westwards . 
  primary reason for that is wages . 
  they can do the same job , get paid 5 times more and live in a better society . 
  most of them never come back . 
  society doesnt know they exist and think most emigrants are the type number 2 . 
  uneducated , unemployables . 
  they are usually the lowest rung of society that is capable of traveling west for emplyment . 
  they tend to work in low end jobs , often illegally and send money back to relatives in lithuania . 
  they are highly prone to crime , especially stealing . 
  they intended and often do come back , but most go back west soon after because they cant find income here . 
  society both are jealous and despises them at the same time . 
  they are . 
  you seem to be the misinformed one . 
  i have never been to t_d so i got no idea how their mods behave . 
  au\u0161tai\u010di\u0173 is what is considered proper lithuanian that is taught in schools . 
  other dialects are not acceptable in official documentation . 
  personally i think dialects is stupid . 
  i dont believe there was anything significant in my country since that date thats worthy of history books 30 years from now . 
  at least nothing that isnt just part of a much bigger picture such as the russian propaganda thats been going on for years , ect . 
  just nuke belgium , make it impossible to invade radiactive wasteland . 
  that will teach them !, 
  well , he is from sweden , so for the most part , it is . 
  so , ill pose two opinions . 
  one from my country and one from myself . 
  in lithuania we are moderately patriotic however significant influence from us culture has made us less so and more acepting of us culture than our old one . 
  however because we have a uniting boogeyman that is russia nationalism is still strong as it is required to retain sovereignity from the soviets . 
  from me personally , i am not patriotic at all . 
  i am a cultural imperialist . 
  i think we should pick the best parts of cultures around the world to create one superculture that is the most beneficial to its inhabitants and spread this culture across entire world , by force if necessary . 
  the two are same thing . 
  i dont see what you dont udnerstand . 
  a bunch of muslim extremists are killing sikhs that now number in hundreds of thousands . 
  its not my modiji , im not indian . 
  i dont know why he would claim that though as it has nothing to do with islam . 
  well you know what they say , you have to weak makeup for camera , and there are a lot of cctv cameras in britain :d, 
  shit , i just got a new show to add to my watchlist !, 
  no , i stopped watching eurovision in 2008 . 
  it became a shitshow of politics and horrible mangled sounds that people call music somehow . 
  the problem is proving that he discriminated it based on your nationality and not , say , how your face looked . 
  the sad thing is that your colleague was probably right . 
  it took until mid 00s for most people i meet online not imediatelly go `` soviet union '' when i tell them where im from . . you 're not the only ones . 
  can you explain to me why thats a thing ? 
  why confuse you to think i speak french if i only know 1 word ? 
  wouldnt showing you upfront the language i can communicate via be more desirable ? 
  sure , as soon as a better organization happens . 
  we started using euros last year . 
  it was the first time i could travel without exchanging currecy . 
  very handy . 
  while lack of tarifs sure is nice , shipping to eastern europe is highway robbery . 
  as somone whose job involves following eu reglamentation and at one point even helped translate one of them - i would pose severe doubt on the quality of translation to local languages , at least when it comes to smaller languages . 
  a lot of it looses its meaning when you read the translated version . 
  corn syrum is the most common substitide for honey and basically any sweets in us . 
  they produce a lot of corn there . 
  i wouldnt consider this a minor thing but hell yeah we are leading the world in green energy . 
  i would argue differently regarding colonies . 
  my experience with african colonies at least is that we built a lot of infrastructure for them that they use to this day . 
  worth noting that they only started offering those planes when eu announce its decision regarding that . 
  before it was still pricey to use your phone abroad . 
  yes , sadly there are people who think non-nationals deserve some special treatment because they are so inferior they can not live without being cuddled . 
  yes , you should definatelly remove non-polish schools in poland as well . 
  bi-language schooling system is a leftover from soviet union . 
  it doesnt exist elsewhere . 
  but then wouldnt that just be a redundant nato ( ignoring that there are a few eu countries not in nato ), 
  but you need more and more power for it to succeed nowadays . 
  for one , conspiring no longer can just be done in a basement of your friend , you also have to find a way to completely remove government surveilance from your meetings without raising suspicion about surveilance removal . 
  secondly , as weapons get more and more automated and powerful , less people are able to stop larger groups if they have the technological superiority . 
  storming military barracks and stealing thier guns worked in french revolution . 
  good luck doing that to a modern military base . 
  in bigger ones youll be moved down by automated turrets without human soldiers having to lift a finger . 
  if the higher ups are communists and majority of people are communists then there is no need for a revolution to turn things communist , though ? 
  as far as welcoming and occupation , id like to think people learned about that one last time my country did this , but i know they didnt . 
  ghadaffi was overthrown solely because the rebels got support from abroad . 
  without it they would have been crushed .
