  sadly , turns out the rebels were worse than ghadaffi . 
  from what i understand modiji 's demonetization didnt work out because it was planned out poorly and seem to be a rash decision even if the intention was good . 
  not sure how it in any way relates to muslim vigilante gangs killing sikhs though . 
  dalis `` pietinio '' \u0160iauliuose / / basically location that doesnt really translate . 
  no , it just seems that i know more about us colledges than you do for some reason . 
  private donations do not extend to even half the costs of these stadiums , most of which lays back down on the school . 
  however despite that , many of those stadiums have contracts where majority of income from them go back to private companies instead of the school and as a result ends up being massive loss for the school . 
  i find that lack of engagement is mostly from voters side rather than from politician . 
  it doesnt help that there are many more things infinitely more `` fun '' to do than politics so many people dont bother . 
  as far as alienation and meaningful choice goes . 
  id say thats in high part the peoples fault themselves . 
  people complain that there is no good choice to elect but there usually is . 
  you just have to look deeper and find it in the primary round , because by the secondary one its too late as others already elected the bad choices . 
  the party rating system is also great if people used it . 
  but they dont . 
  so same few `` famous '' names get recycled over and over again . 
  yes , turkey colonized half of cyprus by force . 
  hence my comment that at least its not more turks . 
  but the topic is about people living off wellfare , not people with 1000 euro salaries . 
  also if i understand correctly in bacelona 1000 euros is considered low salary . 
  yes , you are absolutely correct on that one . 
  but i was commenting more about the media coverage of mosques you were talking about . 
  my experience is mostly with sweden and denmark so it may be different in netherlands . 
  personally i am of the belief that if you did not turn out to vote then you are fine with whatever gets elected and has thus proved your support for them . 
  an obviuos exception is when one is unable to show up such as people in hospital , ect . 
  if you asked me a few years ago i would have said yes , but i would say no now . 
  people are not knowledgable on most subjects nor do they have literal job to be knowledgable of what to vote on . 
  unless we could somehow magically make the entire population highly educated and knowledgable about every subject they vote on - it will only end in disaster . 
  switzerland is a good example actually . 
  they have partial direct democracy with two referendums per year . 
  as a result their political decisions have been arguably the most conservative in whole europe ( outside of the soviet bloc ) . 
  lithuanian here but pretty much same situation . 
  we had an area here who was known to be very dangerous after dark because of the locals . 
  after joining eu the area became one of the most peaceful ones in a few years . 
  why ? 
  all the dangerous locals went to uk , sweden and denmark . 
  ( source : i was friends with one of those locals ), 
  they dont have to be paid the same though . 
  most migrants work illegally and get paid bellow minimum wage . 
   is there an empirical reason for this yes . 
  i am from lithuania , one of the nations massively migrating to the west . 
  when people come back the biggest thing they brag about is `` how much they managed to steal '' . 
  also noticed a funny thing in uk - ads against driving done in lithuanian . 
  turns out despite being a very tiny migrant group compared to others , they are the biggest number of drunk drivers causing accidents , even bigger than local brits . 
  yes . 
  anyone from outside of the country is an immigrant . 
  we would much prefer european immigrants than the current majority migration of ukrainians though . 
  look on the bright side , at least they arent turks :p, 
  well , in india islamic extremists are killing hundreds of thousands of sikhs in attempt to become majority religion , so i dont see why they wouldnt at least try in germany . 
  no resident or otherwise sikhs can be muslims . 
  they are different religions . 
  i can sort of understand the mosque thing since most of mosques built in europe is financed by saudi arabia in attempt to convert the locals . 
  sikhs are by definition a religiuos group that has nothing to do with islam , so identifying them as muslims would be incorrect . 
  we have get any . 
  europeant subreddits are pretty biased towards eu though . 
  i mean i support eu and want higher federalization but / r/europe is pretty blatant in being one-sided . 
  if ireland left statisticians would rejoice actually . 
  the tax haven politics have really made eu cringe constantly thanks to ireland . 
  the problem is that the colledge sport money doesnt go to the school . 
  we had a professor like that . 
  one girl bought the book and i made a freely accessible copy for everyone ( i was the deisgnated digital copy guy because i had a scanner and wasnt afraid to use it ! ), 
  colledge stadiums have shown to bring money to only two people - the corrupt colledge leadership that allowed the building and the company that did the building . 
  everyone else looses . 
  because we dont have universities blow thier entire budget on a football stadium and them rob the students twice for the studies . 
  no , you got rich by being lucky in geographical location . 
  people in rural areas are on average less knowledgable about the world and less educated . 
  as a result they tend to utilize the fear the unknown factor . 
  furthermore , it is heavily compounded by the press only reporting on the bad stories and not the good ones . 
  and the immigrants themselves arent helping either . 
  one rural woman decided to express her dissatisfaction with a refugee here by kicking her . 
  as a result the refugees banded into a mob and assaulted the woman . 
  police interfered quickly enough to save her life , but otherwise she would have ended up dead . 
  do you think that womans relatives are going to be more friendly to the refugees or less ? 
  as far as enviromental friendlyness , people in cities tend to see the results of bad enviromental factors , smog , pollution , deforestation , while rural people tend to live in areas less affected by it and thus less aware . 
  i disagree . 
  i usually see politicians blaming eu for x or y but never seem them mention eu when they do something good . 
  i think we should mention the positive side more often . 
  currently eu comission possition is that they arent looking for new states . 
  i wish they would make an exception for serbia , but it seems unlikely . 
  drivers licenses expire every 10 or 25 ( depending on when issued ) years here so we will get new one eventually . 
  neither my id nor dirvers license look like that . 
  eu army is a very hard thing to do . 
  at least until countries retain thier sovereignity . 
  what if we have a war like , say , the lybia one and one country wants to send forces in while another refuses ? 
  last time we just had one country send troops another doesnt . 
  doesnt work with eu army . 
  or what about any possible uprisings within eu ? 
  imagine uk soldiers containing a revolution in france . 
  and thats not mentioning requiring to harmonize trainign techniques , equipment , ect . 
  while nato did a lot of equipment harmonization , its nowhere near to forming a single army . 
  also nato kinda makes eu army redundant anyway . 
  we went from green to red . 
  i liked green more but its not really something thats relevant . 
  now that citizen id cards , they made the color look like vomit :(, 
  our base state pension is less per month . 
  im not sure how much reisdence you need to show , but due to no borders there really is no way to track that you are not spending most of your time in ireland . 
  all toothpaste does . 
  its the primary mineral that is known to restore tooth emals . 
  in eastern europe we have whats called `` farmers market '' which is basically flea market for farmers and they sell such produce without problems . 
  you could just go pay some money for a stand and sell it , but inspectors may inspect you and find problems .
