yep . 
  most people , including government workers , think their salary is too small and more of the budget should be spent increasing that . 
  the entire offensive strategy of germany was based on swift victory . 
  the only ones surprised here were french and english . 
  and the oppression olympics are born . 
  how about no : http://www.thespacereview.com/article/1000/1 yes , a bit outdated . 
  then you are wrong . 
  it was a strategic mistake because they didnt do it soon enough . 
  wehrmacht overstreched itself . 
  it should have either finished off the western conflict quickly or start with the east . 
  soviets have been preparing for war for years beforehand and the hitler stroke too late to actually kill the red giant . 
  the whole strategy was flawed but the attacking part itself was not a flaw . 
   but he did , and we are not . 
  well , some of us were until su collapsed . 
  these photos demonstrate what made the conflict start . 
  building the farms is not the problem , storing and transporting electricty over long distance is . 
  the problem with solar energy ( or any energy really ) is that we dont have a way to store it and transporting it is costly . 
  if saudi arabia were to produce electricity with solar panels and sell it to europe , by the time the electricity reaches europe 92 % of it will be gone from transporting loss . 
  we do not have batteries or capacitors anywhere close to storing energy for transport that would be in any way profitable . 
  they may sell power to their peninsula , but thats about it . 
  also lol , no . 
  if we layed the entire land area of our earth with current technology solar panels we couldnt feed the entire earths needs of electricty . 
  just like egypt and libya , ech ? 
  you are assuming majority of people read news media . 
  not really . 
  soviet union was already getting its house in order and aiming to become a superpower . 
  had hitler not attacked su we may be calling stalin the worst dictator of europe instead . 
  if the airport software communicating with the plane does not have errors , planes can easily land themselves without pilots or visibility . 
  pilots for commercial aircraft are redundant nowadays . 
  but dank memes can melt internet, 
  considering that the crash killed the president of poland , id say the sentimental value is far larger for the polish people . 
   in favor of housing and infrastructure boom . 
  you mean the thing that got us into austerity to begin with ? 
  basically this . 
  germany strongarmed my country into accepting the refugees through politics , but so far no refugees want to come . 
  our pm even went to greece to beg them to come and they refused ... 
  well , it was germany who invited them and germany who fought tooth and nail to force other countries to let them in . 
  because most of them dont even know about those projects . 
  while not europe , but in us most people think that majority of countries budget goes to nasa . 
  people just dont know where the money is going to . 
  because there is no way a person without a passport comes into france ... 
  meanwhile in the real world this will mean that parents will be cancelling passwords for things like being gay ... 
  i dont know , it says removed for me . 
  on reddit disagreement = downvote . 
  even admins said so themselves . 
  how about we start with [ romania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_corruption_scandals_in_romania ) ? 
  false . 
  i am quite left wing and very rarely get downvoted . 
  im not an extremists , though . 
  also downvoting is not silencing . 
  your posts dont get removed . 
  i mostly read the top threads in `` hot '' on eastern europe mornings/afternoons . 
  so perhaps there are some violent reddit uprisings at night or something ... like i said , only been here a couple weeks so didnt see what happened before that . 
  sure , but you are trading away way too much then when there are options that are secure enough and you dont have to give up on most things computer related . 
  i hold no illusions like that . 
  i just think that criminals should be punished instead of simply getting better locks . 
  personally , i like to call them twats because they use twatter . 
  but the point is that this sort of stuff is popular nowadays and nothing really surprising . 
  because facebook is doing illegal and unethical things . 
  sure , but that has nothing to do with `` choosing secure os '', 
  ah , is that why only criminals used these laws so far and slander continues ? 
  these particular laws should not be respected because they are damaging to society . 
  one of the main camerons demans was removal of free movement here . 
  loss of primary trading partner , inflow of capital and loss of market mobility , political damage , problems with food and energy import . 
  basically your economy is fucked . 
  i think you meant 1044 . germany became united in 962 by otto i, 
  i have no doubts facebook is far more popular than news websites , so it is very possible . 
  i never let people take photos of me unless i know expliciptly how they are going to use them . 
  and then you stop hearing what people scream because you become so isolated that you can not see anyone anymore . 
  also lol , you actually think there is such a thing as `` secure os '' . 
  since the last version , firefox has built in anti-tracker that is enabled by default . 
  also some antivirus programs , such as avast ! , has built in anti-tracking plugins that work in chrome and firefox . 
  correction - what google doing is whitewashing history in respect to frances law that allows criminals to hide their past . 
  or , make a decent laws apply union-wide . 
  what assets ? 
  if they have no assets in belgium nothing can be seized . 
   for instance in the uk thepiratebay and a lot of websites that do n't respect the countries law on copyright are blocked . 
  yet their server is in a different country . 
  and this is considered one of the must stupid decisions uk has made regarding internet . 
  funny thing about japanese censure laws , they only apply to domestic porn . 
  you dont have to censure porn if you are only selling it outside of the country . 
  looks like free inhabitants have even reached this corner of reddit . 
  noone is safe . 
  thats the issue . 
  it should n't be available . 
  they are , they are just kept private ... 
  maybe they should have just said `` you dont want to be the new head , then '', 
  they dont operate in the country . 
  of a belgian user connects to facebook it is belgian going into another country on the internet . 
  apparently - 4 years is not enough to organize a referendum . 
  except when she randomly decided to close the borders and whatnot . 
  can you show me where were you silenced in / r/europe ? 
  note that somone disagreeing with you is not silencing . 
  im not making an argument , im pointing out the skewed perspective that leftists like you seem to have about what actually is centrism . 
  or he does not let irrelevant parties hold him hostage to the point where he can not talk about his country anymore ... 
  you do realize that all of that is built by cheap migrant labour from us , right ? 
  the referendum is happening for how many years now ? 
  referendum for uk to leave is not the same as referendum for eu to kick them off . 
   the uk is having a referendum on that remember ah , yes , they were having that referendum last year . 
  and the year before that .
