  whether you like it or not , putin is de facto dictator that has massive politican and military clout behind him . 
  he certainly is powerful , whether you agree with him or not . 
  he did outmaneuvered obama . 
  the attempt to increase the relationship by obama backfired and obama lost in the political sphere . 
  even obama himself has admitted it . 
  as far as pope goes , 1.2 billion people listen to what he says . 
  id say thats quite an influence . 
  of course lists like these were always nonsense for the most part . 
  but that does not mean that those people are not powerful . 
  i think you overestimate just how religiuos most christians would be if pope suddenly told us to wage war . 
  for all the non-syrian economic immigrants - it is . 
  its [ fanta sea ] ( http://www.humoar.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/fantasea.jpg ), 
  there is a reason the term is `` nigerian scammer '' and not , say , `` egyptian scammer '' . 
  when a clear trend is observed patterns form . 
  i know women for whom this turned out true as well as women for whom those turned out to be false . 
  none of my male friends `` married into east '' though so not sure how it is for them . 
  but yeah , `` its true sometimes '' is probably the best your going to get . 
  if they were officially married then legally he is a father . 
  not really . 
  gnp is actually a terrible measure of living as it could easily be influenced by profiteering companies that are owned by foreign individuals . 
  gdi would be a better measure . 
   and living in blocks so shitty you can hear your neighbor flushing the toilet . 
  ech , now this ancient tradition was exported to the west with the quick assembly houses that have no sound isolation . 
  as somone that actually lived in ee under su , this can not be further from the truth . 
  its the guardian . 
  everything is about gays or women for them . 
  unlikely . 
  putin seems to be holding a very steady hand on everyone 's strings . 
  liberal religion choose one . 
  social wellfare system is supposed to be eu universal . 
  which means that if you are `` secured '' in your country or origin the country you migrated to has to provide you the service ( and later write the cheque to the origin country ) . 
  in practice however this does not work as often the origin country refuses to pay and the destination country refuses to provide services . 
  create a military enforced peace zone in teritory of syria where they can come . 
  support them with aid within their own country borders . 
  no economic tourists that way , only actual refugees . 
  here , let me piss all over your room . 
  what , some people in africa dont even have a room , be glad you have one even if it smells of piss !, 
  feels  reals, 
   ok so you think if the borders were closed less refugees would come ? 
  naturally , unless they learned the art of teleportation . 
   what the hell do you think they are fleeing from ? 
  depends on which refugees you are talking about . 
  syrians are mostly fleeying from the war , the rest are mostly fleeting from poverty . 
   the war in syria continues if the european borders are closed or not . 
  yes , but instead of helping them we decided to cut their developement funding . 
   and people flee from bombs ... im pretty sure by the time bombs go off , fleeing is too late . 
  its easy to believe something when you already hold that position before reading anything . 
  even the daily mail becomes the best source when it says what you want to hear . 
  its the reason guardian hasnt been abandoned yet . 
  do you have a photo of yourself ? 
  he still got elected , so not to everyone . 
  yes but ops question included the past . 
  lithuanian emigration increased more than tenfold since lithuania joined the eu and we could migrate to uk without previously existing legal barriers . 
  usa , canada and australia still has those barriers , and as a result there are very little migration to those countries in comparison . 
  the major force of immigration in usa isactually ** illegal ** immigration from the south . 
  meanwhile australians `` sending them away and sinking the boat '' policy is also quite well known . 
  im not that knowledgable about canadian policy , but id be surprised if it has huge immigration outside of inter-north america travel . 
  so chances of policies brought on by the political institution is not a benefit of that political institution . 
  ok then . 
  a well educated , skilled labour force that is eager to work and results in higher gdp , that has a much higher work-to-welfare ration than local population is very beneficial to the country . 
  of course , not everyone is model citizen , but then , neither are the locals . 
  i never said it was , i was trying to explain why some people blame eu for the crisis . 
  touche !, 
  the island of xir, 
   this is hardly a uk phenomenon its not only uk , but its majority uk here . 
  like , over half of our emmigration happens to uk , mostly because english is taught in schools to everyone so they dont need to learn a new language . 
  in fact the specialists mograting to uk where they get paid more ( even for manual labour ) than they do at home has reached such a point here that hospitals actually start failing because we dont have enough doctors to do the work . 
  all specialists who were good at their job emigrated westerwards because they get paid 10 times more for same job there . 
  you forgot gra\u017eulis, 
  while not politicians , opinions of some people that blame eu for the crysis claim that the reason eu is responsible is because eu openly invited the refugees to come and live in eu instead of tightening border control from illegla immigration . 
  its called authoritarian left . 
  lithuanian [ elected politician ] ( https://lt.wikipedia.org/wiki/petras_gra%c5%beulis#pozicija ) did this too . 
  depends on what counts as a politician . 
  we had a politician here who blamed the existence of gay people on eu . 
  he was dragged off by police after trying to stop gay pride parade . 
  but in general , very little actually . 
  of course it helps that my country is the number one in subsidies successfully taken from eu and most people with a brain on their shoulders sees the massive improvements that eu paid for . 
  ech , thats just the surface . 
  the infrastructure is failing and is almost universaly rated as `` needs immediate repairs or collapse is imminent '' . 
  the medical system is fucked up and is getting even more fucked up . 
  the corporatization of law enforcement drastically raised jail population and jail time to the point where some judges were found to be taking bribes from private jails for longer sentences . 
  us needs drastic changes if it doesnt want to implode on itself . 
   what revolution in the us , they kicked out the english , that was about it i think you are forgetting the civil war . 
  ah yes , the organization that chose iran as a leader for empowerment of women is so reputable !, 
  i looked at what the ai are saying and its like they forgot what war is ... 
  what you want is not possible due to current state of eu not being sustainable . 
  even if you veto everything to a halt it would collapse with or without you . 
  there are only either going forward or backwards . 
  standing still will not work . 
  i quote myself :  not directly linked to the draft in the law, 
  as someone that does it house calls - for majority of population it does . 
  do you know of any examples in the last 15 years where people were `` smart enough '' ? 
  i think us already has a surplus of corrupt politicians . 
  the right to vote was not directly linked to the draft in the law , but in practice it was dirrectly tied , especially in cases where voting was considered a priviledge . 
  wws are exceptional circumstances due to massive amount of manpower lost during them . 
  eu as it currently is is a transitional temporary system . 
  what you want is not possible . 
  the only country complaining about human rights violantions by the ypg is turkey , who themselves have been just `` great '' in that department , havent they ? 
  well , at least he has a realistic assessment of his followers . 
  ah , the event that brought on the worst period in french history , thats even referred to as `` the terror '' .
