  which they will ( whether there are problems or not ) unless you paid them beforehand . 
  yes , to much dismay of our tax agencies and consumer right protection agencies . 
  usually both . 
  also migrant money . 
  i disagree . 
  gambling should be avoided whenever possible in life . 
  legal but not legal to advertise outside of lotteries . 
  they are generally viewed negatively as a scam to get money out of stupid people . 
  they still get enough business to stick around sadly . 
  no way anyone could survive on our minimum wage either , but half the country does . 
  being forced to accept a job always end up with capitalists abusing the system to hired everyone for minimum wage . 
   where does that actually happen ? 
  united states of america . 
  insurections get harder the more data collection state has and the bigger difference in weapons it has . 
  i wouldnt count on any revolutions that does not get military support to ever happen anymore . 
  come live here , thats above average wage even without any additional benefits , and being in eu youd still get the money from you country . 
  well , downtown of big cities already are . 
  if you dont have a job then location proximity isnt that relevant . 
  its strange how people claim you cant live on wellfare and then pick on of the most expensive cities in europe to make thier example when moving just 50 km north would halve the expenses . 
  till you finish school , but that ends at high school . 
  university does not count . 
  us has more prisoners per 1000 people than any other country in the world and more in absolute terms second only to china . 
  the go to prison get fed is actually something thats abused . 
  the life in europe is just better on average . 
  you have to work to beat the level of living here without working , but you want to work in europe as well , youll just be better off than working in us . 
  there are of course some career specific exceptions as always . 
  public pensions and public healtbcare is usually included in the `` wellfare states '' meme though . 
  i like to say theres living and theres existing . 
  the wellfare will allow you the latter , but you want to do the former . 
  well , if you didnt want a rivalry how about not annexing our capital for decades ? 
  poles have a right to be poles , not have special treatement , special schools and all other nonsense that should be flat out outlawed . 
  polish is not and should never be a local administration language . 
  when in lithuania use lithuanian . 
   russia is basically our boogeyman . 
  thats much better put than i could have done . 
  thank you . 
  i always saw it as spain vs remnants of aragon kingdom . 
  thats kind the whole source of why some spannish folk identify as catalons and such . 
  macedonia is really not macedonia anymore though . 
  most of its nationals are not macedonians and its more like belgium , nnations of 3 countries having their own country . 
  two rivals . 
  polish and russia . 
  polish had been in wars and unions with my country multiple times , but the rivalry mostly comes from the last war where they took over our capital region by force twice and held it for decades . 
  to this day poland claims the region belongs to them , and the rivalry continues . 
  russians have been rivals for as long as our history records go . 
  in middle ages we were kicking their arses , now they are kicking ours . 
  there is also a lot of resentment about having annexed us twice and forced us into soviet union . 
  russians are usually considered uncultured vandals . 
  your point is logical , but humans are not logical . 
  they saw their government lie and voted the opposite to spite them . 
  here in eastern europe we did it twice , ended up with horrible people in charge , and happily went about to do it a third time , just to spite the ones in charge that lied to them . 
  they have been threatening to do it for 30 years . 
  this time they launched a missile that flew , for a while anyway . 
  technically , south koreans are still in war with north koreans . 
  they are just having a temporary ceasefire that lasted a few decades ( similar situation between pakistan and india actually ) . 
  when it comes to south koreans , they depend on us protecting them militarity . 
  us taking sk under its wing was the first real power play us sucesfully did in asia . 
  too bad sk had to go and get crazy about it , having a cult run the country and whatnot . 
  china is distancing itself from nk because after jon uns father died and he took over nk has been going progresively more insane to the point where china wants no official involvement . 
  however majority of nk economy is still chinese companies doing business there . 
  though i suppose with china moving towards more enviromentalism at least they will stop mining coal in there . 
  remmeber , obama campaigned on `` pulling out of middle east '' too , yet he ended up being the only us president that had us in a war for its full two terms . 
  life isnt as simple as campaign promises . 
  also it seems you just went through my comment history just to tell more lies . 
  i really like your comments usually but fucking hell you seem misinformed . 
  except none of them came true ? 
  we dont have a war in europe , uk is not deporting immigrants , ect . 
  it is indeed weird and makes me believe that even judiciary system in us sits in corporate picket . 
  the clinton email server scandal should have not only killed her political career but landed her in jail . 
  lol , more `` evil russia '' myths . 
  there is not a single shred of evidence that trump had any contact with putin . 
  trump has plenty of flaws to attack without you making up imaginary ones . 
  no , it was clinton that was selling out classified information , stop mixing them up . 
  i know both of them are evil monsters , but you should know better by now . 
  you 're the one to teach me about their careers when you cant even get basic facts right . 
  clinton got more votes because bernie supporters boycotted the dnc since it was shown to be corrupt and rigged days before the vote . 
  remmeber those thousands of bernie protesters at the door ? 
  you dont fight lies with more lies . 
  i know a lot of people that voted leave just to spite the blatant lies they got told by the stay campaign . 
  personally i think they were idiots to do that , but they made their choice and now they have to deal with it . 
  actually from my experience id argue that the biggest driving force for the leave vote was the stay campaign being fucking stupid . 
  at least the socialists are learning from thier mistakes finally and were much better in france . 
  trump is a full of himself corporate asshole that should be in jail for fraud he commited with his companies , but he does not need to take money from corporate or saudi arabia - he already has billions . 
  nor has he commited treason , at least not yet . 
  trumps tax returns show that he indeed does pay taxes fully in accordance to the tax code , btw . 
  that myth is busted . 
  which was a direct response of north korea failed launch of intercontinental ballistic missile aimed at us . 
  russia and china sent ships too . 
  most of them run unopposed . 
  this is because in us politics if your not in a swing state elections are just for show . 
  whats more , its getting worse , because instead of staying and making all states swing states people are segreggating themselves . 
  i see liberals encouraging others to move to california whereas conservatives seem to be moving out of it in droves . 
  this creates opposing ideologies blocks with no internal disagreement , creating us vs them mentality and extremism . 
  there is no winning in us politics . 
  blue , but they are usually out of ink so i tend to bring my own . 
  watch out when ai comes around or [ this happens ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tseoxrlspvc ) / s, 
  you get a voting pass in the mail , which you take to the designated voting area ( technically any building where its organized , in practice its always public schools ) . 
  you can go without the voting pass , but having one makes things much faster as they can locate you on the list quickly . 
  you show your id and put down a signature that you took the voting ballot and voted . 
  then you go to the booth and check the ballot and put it into a box .
