  bananas are very good food . 
  but if you dont assume everything is racist how can you meet the daily quota of things you have to be outraged online about ? 
  yours were russians too . 
  i seem to see a pattern here . 
  no , just tanned . 
  ah , sorry , sometimes sarcasm is hard to pick up on the internet . 
  its not about winning , its about not being a hypocrite . 
  free speech should apply to everyone , even people we hate . 
  `` hate speech '' = speech that has different opinion than the law in europe . 
  hate speech laws are a joke . 
  she has used her position of power to institute racism and sexism in a education institution . 
  i suggest you read mein kampf . 
  hitler was very radical . 
  in thier eyes thats equivalent to slavery . 
  the student counsil that she works for is private institution not regulated by the state or university . 
  fancy names asside , she is just a hired office worker in a company . 
  just because the laws on free speech are bad does not mean we should support when those bad laws are enacted , even against our `` enemies '' . 
  please do not confuse liberals with progressives . 
  liberals are liberal left . 
  progressives like mustafa are authoritarian left . 
  freedom of speech should apply even to people whos opinions you do not like . 
  including those people in britain that were jailed unjustly . 
   31 points yes ? 
  judging by what i saw - this was never confirmed by anyone . 
  well , stormfront exists , so in theory , they can . 
  no , but i would disown my daughter for being openly racist and sexist . 
  you mean , we are currently at reverse crusades ? 
  as in , literally not doing her job as equality officer . 
  feminism was never about equality . 
  it was always about rights for women . 
  originally - white women only . 
  but they moved to include nonwhites now as this allows them to call everyone racist . 
  they are not social justice . 
  they are perpetually outraged crowd , poc for short . 
  there is a direct correlation . 
  you need a gun to shoot someone . 
  i think its important to seperate words from actions . 
  she has every right to free speech that we all have and can express whatever opinions she wants . 
  what she should be charged instead is for discriminatory practices during her work , not for twitter messages . 
  this is the first time i heard about `` whiterights '' . 
  what is that ? 
  is that like stormfront or kkk ? 
  how do you define fair share ? 
  no youre just so slow you were too late to start boasting . 
  downvote reason : attack the argument , not the person . 
  they wont . 
  they will just borrow more . 
  and more . 
  and more . 
  the current system is set up in such a way that it is impossilbe to `` foot the bill '' . 
  ever . 
  we will keep borrowing untill the system collapse or we implement an alternative system . 
   do n't wan na learn german ? 
  well , looks like your room will go to someone who does , here 's a tent and sleeping bag . 
  cue all the media screaming about awful treatment of refugees , despite them on average living better than average middle income family . 
  being allowed to stay is the reward for integration . 
  no , it doesnt . 
  what europe needs is to fix its economy so it would be sustainable without overpopulating happening all the time . 
  law enforcement is the job of police , not of mayor . 
  this is first time i heard about this story , but assuming it is true that the club had a permit for 80 but constantly organized bigger parties and assuming at least one person bothered to call the police about it ( which from my experience is unlikely ) its police to blame for not enforcing the permit rules imo . 
   facebook is full with batshit insane conspiracy theories . 
  facebook us always full with batshit insane conspiracy theories . 
  well the fallback seems to be `` ze '' and `` ozer '' . 
  `` lizuania '' just doesnt run well though :d but yeah , no point in changing it and those that can speak english have no problems pronouncing it anyway . 
  were not as bad off as most people think actually and there are things we do much better than the estonians . 
  but yes in general the argument is often a good one . 
  unless its against themselves . 
  names does not dissapoint . 
  i like ice cream , thank you . 
  ( ledu translates to ice cream here ), 
  eu4 has pretty much forced lt-pl union . 
  the only way to break it is to play as one of those countries and intentionally break it . 
  though if you go for conquest its not hard to destroy . 
  gruzija in lithuanian . 
  that name is consistent , 
   what are you sinking ? 
  language , apparently . 
  ech , since 99 % of the world already mixes the two of us up anyway ... 
  you think thats funny , but thats actually very realistic political argument here for decades . 
  we always `` looked up to '' estonia . 
  youre just part of uk that already went through the renaming procedure / joke, 
   most lithuanians ( and by most i mean like 99.999999 % of us ) find it incredibly difficult to pronounce the '' th '' in '' lithuania '' . 
  i would like to see where he got that from , as i am yet to meet a lithuanian that complained about it . 
  while true , they had no interest in fighting against soviets before the alliance either . 
  thats a ~ ~ strawman ~ ~ russian . 
  a more apt comparison would be if you came to my country and started speaking in french hoping that someone understands french and you could communicate . 
  in comparison you could say hello in lithuanian , get greeted by a person who does not know french and have an awkward situation where you can not communicate . 
  yes , i understand that the land was taken away unfairly , but they wanted to do the same thing in return . 
  the allies joined forces with soviets , why would they help somone defend against them !, 
  i speak lithuanian ( native ) , english and some german ( school classes , never continued studying ) . 
  personally i think languages are stupid and entire world should have one singular language . 
  yikes thats expensive indeed . 
  my phones from 2011 and doesnt function on modern internet anyway , so i never looked at data rates . 
  tesla was always intended as a luxury car and not affordable to average user . 
  he is a tony stark of south africa after all . 
  but most people only know him for tesla cars here . 
  the cars themselves are not popular , other electric car manufacturers far outselling him . 
  if hundreds of thousands of lithuanians were killed every day we would cease to exist in a few weeks . 
  but the france part is kinda true , we do have hundreds of thousands of migrants , though france isnt the primary destination . 
  the first statement is only absurd in a matter of scale .
