  i once saw this type of people reffered to as `` never grew out of highschool '' and sometimes that sounds too true . 
  power-vacuum is being filled by extremists . 
  apperently pulling a fire alarm in a hall and telling the officer that came to chase these vandals off that he is literally raping them is simply not inviting somone now . 
  no , the t-shirts are cheap , after all they are [ 1 dollar sweatshop stuff ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/11/03/feminist-t-shirt-sweatshop_n_6094722.html ), 
  nor do i. in my second uni we had a library that was a seperate building and worked 24/7 and noone complained as far as i know . 
  if that is less than your prisoners get ill go commit some crimes in germany then ... 
  jokes aside , i think you are overestimating the income of middle class . 
  here a realistic average wage is bellow 600 euros . 
  half of which will be spent on rent and utlities alone for many . 
  in fact , that income in entirety would not be enough to cover only the language and vocational training part had a local civilian decide to purchase these services ( for many vocations anyway ) . 
  the suffragettes ( the feminists ) were about having white women voting rights without any of responsibilities that came with it ( such as army draft ) . 
  the suffrage movement as a whole was actualy lead by men that wanted voting rights for everyone ( including non-white women ), 
  so you want to stay but you dont want to be a part of it . 
  because those numbers are not available . 
  also assuming we add rent , education and everything else refugees receive for free the number probably wont be that far off anyway . 
  yes , a lot of it . 
  you produce more than you need and transporting it for sale is not profitable so you throw it away and keep producing becuase government subsidizes it . 
  there are arguments both for and against that situation . 
  funny , why did the first wave feminists ignored the parts where they had no rights ? 
  so can you make up your mind , do you want to leave or do you want to stay ? 
  oh , yeah , i forgot that [ everything is sexist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrqupxdhnge ), 
  but how else can i imitate a scary russian online if i dont mispronounce the words ? 
  well then you should have no problem blocking `` significant majority '' ( note that this is a very convoluted concept in eu that is nowhere close to regular undertanding of the term `` majority '' ) . 
  no veto rights needed anyway . 
  erm , i said as much in the post you are responding to . 
  oh no , lithuanians will not be able to see `` russian extrasenses '' anymore . 
  over 90 % of our cable tv channels are russian . 
  still , after the ban . 
  from what little i saw of the banned channels it was less hate speech and more either utter insanity or propaganda ( like claiming that lithuania is the main training grounds for ukraine freedom fighters ) . 
  yes , and we should seek to solve this problem . 
  i dont know about you , but i want to solve it by allowing freedom of speech . 
  fari enough , it can be that my data is outdated . 
  there is a difference between you single-handedly stopping treaties for the whole europe and you leaving and letting the rest of europe pass those treaties . 
  granted , i assumed you had tanning services and went to beach on summer . 
  perhaps that was unfair assumption to expect to know how tanned people look like . 
  what `` logic '' . 
  the official number our prime minister gave to the press is higher than average bruto pay . 
  note that prisoners get less than that . 
  of course some of that is likely because we have to basically build houses for them because the current capacity of refugees in my country is almost 100 times lower than the number in the quota , as normally we never had any significant refugees in our 25 years of independence . 
  thats fair . 
  last time i checked , you are free to leave . 
  give how little progress there was in eu harmonization during that time , no , not really . 
  heck , they couldnt even go through with the vat harmonization . 
  fair enough . 
  so , basically , act like kids and throw temper tantrums in hopes of `` getting back '' at eu ? 
  money spent on immigrants per migrant is higher than income of middle class person . 
  there will never be things that all countries can agree on of any significance . 
  good luck in 19th century . 
  no , it did not . 
  repeating a fallshood will not make it correct . 
  veto systems , through entire human history , were always inferior ways to rule nations . 
  a single idiot can hold the entire thing down with a veto . 
  vetos been abused like this in any situation where veto powers existed , including eu . 
   as a member of a small nation , i 'm not satisfied with that . 
  tough . 
   the eu worked for 6 decades using unanimous voting no , it didnt . 
   we want it back . 
  why bring back inferior systems ? 
   let ez countries vote as a federation , but non-ez countries have to have their sovereignty . 
  you joined the eu . 
  there is no sovereignty . 
  so , basically , make things worse and ever harder to harmonize . 
   countries like britain or the czech republic will just not tolerate further integration , especially adopting the euro . 
  and what are those countries going to do ? 
  there were no expansion in over 10 years . 
  `` i know you guys are having a gang war here but perhaps instead of bullets you could use sms messages ? '', 
   that 's the whole point in having the highest taxes in the world . 
  erm , wasnt that denmark ? 
  statistically , half of domestic violence cases in switzerland involve a weapon in one form or another . 
  we seem to prefer axes here in lithuania . 
  the cold war never ended ? 
  meanwhile the russian news reported it was liberation from polish and lithuanian invaders . 
  i was wrong then , thanks for the info . 
  they wanted something like that here . 
  isps said this would not be possible due to no technical possibilities to store this data and if such law was passed none of the big isps would be able to follow it . 
  so the suggestion was dropped . 
  its called shared proxies and it pretty much died because everyone wanted to use but noone wanted to let others use . 
  this was circa 2005 ~, 
  and yet in most countries they are not legally a sport ( meaning no sport visas for participants ), 
  really ? 
  thats cute . 
  katowice was the biggest cs even in gaming history , so yeah . 
  well gaming has became the largest entertainment industry in the world . 
  no wonder its most visible - competetive - side is growing fast . 
  especially when its so profitable for the organizers . 
  that damn torrents guy . 
  he always gets the best films first / s, 
  dont be , its the majority that doesnt have it , europe or elsewhere . 
  there were discussions about it in my country but nothing came out of that . 
  changing perceptions like that takes time , it will get easier with future generations . 
  they failed with bombing , maybe its a change of tactics ? 
  also making sure that the side you support does not actually starve is also quite important . 
  from what i understand russia imports most of its food , so your comment would be more suited to nations that actually throw them into the sea , like us . 
  probably trying to control an angry crowd that does not speak your language and does not understand your culture is different than trying to control angry locals . 
  they were having a break and the mayor brought some fruits as snacks . 
  so yes , taken out of context . 
  strange , i see people , not monkeys . 
  maybe you should have your eyes checked out . 
  oh , and im typing this as im eating a banana , and i havent turned into a monkey yet despite eating them all the time !, 
  i want to be a syrian now .
