  just somehow that referendum never actually comes ... 
  prevent integration when they seek integration ? 
  what ? 
  2 . no , fuck off . 
  3 . no , fuck off . 
  if you want to let them work they would have to get all same work benefits . 
  if you dont want that dont let them work , or dont let them in . 
  agree with this . 
  this was already the case during the last joining round . 
  the countries needed to wait many years before their migrants were let in . 
  single market is fine . 
  last time we heard about major deals with us and asia was tpp and ttip . 
  fuck that with the sharpest stick you can find . 
  yes , uk has too much exceptions in their favour . 
  no , this is where you start . 
  if you leave then leave now . 
  if you dont then accept the consequences of being in an union . 
  you cant have the cake and eat it too . 
  there will be far more negative consequences than benefits if you decide to leave . 
  two word , margaret thatcher, 
  ive only been here for a couple weeks but i only saw one post that was clamouring for her removal , and it was downvoted to -8 . 
  and this is how you create hugboxes . 
  when one is an extreme left everything to the right of that sounds like a right wing opinion . 
  meanwhile in my country only 38 % would vote at all ... 
   if everyone `` is mad '' and you do n't even like the ones that you think are not , you might want to reevaluate your views . 
  alternatively , one may reevaluate the utterly corrupt system of government that seems to fall apart more and more nowadays . 
  when it does not matter who you vote for they are still going to do the exact same thing , it kind of ceases to be a democracy you know . 
  the word reich is not really a nazi invention . 
   it takes guts to stand by whatever she believes strongly in despite the outrage of one part of the society . 
  i applaud her for sticking to it and not budging an inch from her vision as she tries to foster a direly needed political agreement . 
  and had she done that i would have respected her more . 
  what we saw instead is flip-flopping for days that just left everyone confused . 
  i can understand that , but it sort of became a thing on the internet whether laughable or not . 
  especially when twitter became popular and shorting words became a thing other than `` idiot on mobile '', 
  one needs to start learning to sepearate progressives from liberals . 
  they are not the same , im fact , nowadays they are the polar opposites . 
  except the exact same thing happens in other countries when they rank at the top . 
  heck , we couldnt even decide if we are capital of suicides or not and thats a statistic you can verify . 
  what myanmar ? 
  you mean the us military base built in 2015 ? 
   i 've never seen a union get so little sympathy for their cause during a strike . 
  never . . should have seen the voice actors strike that happened recently . 
  they were basically told they are useless and we dont need them . 
  need more vodka ? 
  you can land boeing 737 on anything . 
  once . 
  all i know about `` meps 4 wildlife '' comes from this op , so maybe im fogetting something , but why would that make somone angry ? 
  well poland is one of the most religiuos nations in the world nowadays , perhaps they dont have to stay modern to stay alive there . 
  here its basically a church either gets modern or dies out . 
  literally , because most that remain are pensioners . 
  the holy trinity is a spirit ( the holy spirit is one of its names even ) , christ is dead and is also now a spirit sitting at gods throne , and god himself is thought to be too complex to understand by humans , so it would fit . 
  pope is supreme but he is still only human that is supposed to communicate with god and not some god himself . 
  there is currently a strong push from the church in the belief of god basically being the creator of the big bang which is what he meant by `` let there be light '' and that the books actual meaning is nowhere near the literal text . 
  mind you , im not saying that the two categories are necessary catholic , more that catholicism is trying to expand to keep up with modern life now . 
  i used to discuss religion a lot when i was younger , kinda moved onto other things nowadays . 
  however as a result i read a lot about religions . 
  i cant read minds so i dont know why she did it , but we had suspicions about it being for the money . 
  you never know though , love is blind after all . 
  we heard of people staying with abusive husbands/wives all the time . 
  well , there are plenty of people richer than the average citizen ( in fact , 50 % of people are , hehe ) . 
  lithuania is pretty poor compared to the west europe so it does not take that much . 
  and there certainly is no lack of rich people nowadays . 
  as far as why he came here i can only speculate , but judging by the information that he wanted somone that isnt `` lazy '' and eastern europeans are known to be less lazy it may be that . 
  who knows . 
  while it varies from situation to situation , in cases like this one she can not actually leave the house without his permission , and like i said he doesnt technically break any laws , so the embassies would most be powerless . 
  there were a few who married into east that we never heard from again . 
  thought here i got no idea on whether they are happy or not , because lets face it , some people forget old friends when they move to a better life . 
  its not like i was their brother or something , just someone i knew . 
  i think you are underestimating the board . 
  ceos often flat out lie ( remmeber last year when ceo got sued by the board for lieing about a product being ready for shipping ? 
  ) , board is not omnipotent and ceos do can push for theri agendas , especially inside the company . 
  heck , we saw this happen on reddit itself not too long ago . 
  the second category `` spirit or lifeforce '' would actually be in line with current catholic beliefs and they would just say that its `` god by any other name '' . 
  so its reasonable to look only in the third category which represents atheism . 
  how do you know who those people are ? 
  most people nowadays who claim to be liberal in fact are not ( see : progressives ) . 
  actually , free speech includes all speech , even one that has threats in it . 
  you can not cherry-pick what is and isnt free speech . 
  though those people probably never were for free speech to begin with , but you just want somone to blame i guess ? 
  it sounds more like you have a personal grudge with someone rather than want to discuss ideologies here . 
  increased number of islam believers is societys shift towards islam , thus fits your definition . 
  while it is not as big as in countries you mentioned , given that current trends continue , it will be in the future . 
  do note that i also mentioned large rate of adoption to islam from non-imigrants , that is , locals are being converted too . 
  europe has its own military ( even if small ) . 
  japan doesnt . 
  europe can legally disagree with us military bases , japan can not . 
  most military bases in europe are manned by european soldiers , not so in japan . 
  we are a long way from japan ther , friend . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_atheism#europe ) the most atheistic country is france , altrough lithuania is not even in the list there . 
  yes , hence my last two sentences . 
  however i still doubt that most of the non-eu migrants dont want to work . 
  i think its more that they do want to work but they want to be paid for it much more than they could be in their own country . 
  usually board chooses a ceo that is in line with their views to begin with . 
  often even one of the board members . 
  ok , so your getting pm threats ? 
  yeah , i get those too sometimes . 
  i just ignore them . 
  some people are dicks . 
  oh , i didnt expect people to be that interested  without going into personal details and stuff ... im only going to pick of one of each but there are more . 
  the good marriage : basically an egyptian came to lithuania and they fell in love .
