  is she going to make it ? 
  it 's quite an interesting plot . 
  yes , it 's mostly associated with the activists or sjws ( social justice warriors ) you 'll find on tumblr . 
  they have a whole tumblr blog dedicated to it ( www.thisisthinprivilege.tumblr.com ) , run by overweight women . 
  they point out `` examples of thin privilege '' where they post about every day encounters from their life and blow them up to ridiculous proportions ( ha ) to make it look like they were discriminated against . 
  the whole thing is justified with something that can only be described as pseudo science : every result of modern research is being denied . 
  all based on the fact that people who are actually , you know , person-size , hold the mystical force of `` thin privilege '' that somehow makes life so terrible for overweight people . 
  and do n't forget : no one is responsible for their weight !, 
  pff . 
  do n't you know that some people ca n't lose weight ? 
  check your thin privilege !, 
  i 'm a girl and i 'm pretty sure i experience similar feelings . 
  oh my god , there are so many things wrong here . 
  i 'll just leave it . 
  i agree with you , the only thing that strikes me as odd about this story is that the parents would leave a note for their 3-year-old to read ? 
  other than that , i think it 's possible for kids to get into something like this , especially getting attached to an item and relating it to a silly story . 
  actually , you 're right and they are called lederhosen . 
  i would love to be able to say that my country 's official attire are song pants , but it 's just leather pants ... lederhosen . 
  i 'm from the north !, 
  but i always wore lederhosen as a kid :-), 
  haha as a child i seriously liked them . 
  looking back it 's a mixture of cringe and amusement . 
  i do n't think i 'd wear them now . 
  as for dirndls , nope i 'm not a fan . 
  and i 'm a girl . 
  i 'm confused . 
  is this actually true ? 
  i was laughing at this while my girlfriend is saying that this is real . 
  i believe this is a mistake ( if it 's real ) and it could have happened in any country ... 
  the text escaped me !, 
  ( i 'm on my phone ) . 
  i 'm german too , should have seen that !, 
  i 'm afraid that / r/dashatpassiert focuses on stories about culinary activities like preparing orange juice . 
  / r/dasistpassiert however is full of ( true ) stories . 
  grew up in south germany , then moved to the north at age ten . 
  my sister and i refer to the game itself as `` fangen '' , and most common with our friends was to simply initiate the game by tapping them and going `` tick '' ... 
  yeah , i 've heard that as well . 
  i ca n't thank you enough for saying that . 
  as a 17-year old about to start uni , anything and everything is scaring me . 
  yeah , unless this was posted directly under a ben affleck-related title/context i 'd assume the same thing . 
  you kinda look like me in the last pic ( i 'm a girl ) . 
  made me smile . 
  wish you all the best !, 
  what ? 
  yeah i 'm a cis girl . 
  i felt like adding that i 'm a girl to my post so it was n't unclear ( if i had n't , it could have easily implied she still looks guyish ) . 
  if that came across as weird i 'm sorry , 
  how can you spend so much money on an app ? 
  is it a game ? 
  i 'll have you know i try lying on my stomach sometimes because it feels so damn comfy at first ... 
  well , in the light of all the other recent findings of awesome notes , that seems perfectly reasonable . 
  there must be a reason why people have been reporting all these letters and gifts !, 
  my man ronny could probably explain this much better . 
  this is mildly embarassing haha . 
  how did this get such a reaction ?? 
  i 'm the girlfriend by the way . 
  thank you , 
  the only thing missing is her paying me 100 dollars for providing her with this post, 
  come to germany !, 
  we like beer and mispronouncing english words :-), 
  oh my god yes i 've heard those before . 
  that 's why the name ` bulbasaur ' confused me even more ... seems wrong !, 
  am girlfriend , can confirm my own existence . 
  i did n't know she posted them . 
  i apologise . 
  this happened months ago anyway and i think it 's silly too . 
  my biology class touched on this subject last year when we were talking about genes . 
  we watched a short documentary about studies done with the survivors of the dutch famine , especially children born during or shortly after 1944-45 . 
  apparently the malnutrition the pregnant women and their babies suffered can cause mutations that are passed on even after that generation . 
  quite interesting to see how history and biology come together !, 
  yeah , obviously pokemon was/is a thing here , but i guess i 'll blame my parents for this one . 
  was n't really allowed tv or games so i guess that 's it haha, 
  thanks , 
  yay for languages !, 
  rattata is rattfratz , which i find hilarious ... i know jigglypuff as pummeluff , and i stand by that name as one of the cutest words ever !!!, 
  and caterpie is raupy , which is maybe my favourite ... second only to schiggy , my all time favourite !, 
  sneaky , 
  got a good laugh out of me . 
  well done . 
  aw , such a great song !, 
  i always thought it was `` sweet '' instead of `` neat '' though ... at least that 's how my dad sang it to me when i was a kid . 
  yes , this is definitely not as crappy as other things on this sub . 
  but when i passed this today and first read it , it had me stumbling over the words and confused for a minute . 
  that 's what led me to posting it . 
  fascinating . 
  there really is a subreddit for every weird thing ... 
  nah , it does happen ( source ; my family ) , but any instances i know of happened at night ( when half asleep + everything dark ) . 
  i think this really is n't an important point to consider . 
  unless a household member is blind . 
  or something . 
  thank you to everyone who has taken the survey !, 
  context : i 'm a first year ( international ) student . 
  my first project is about birmingham ( more specifically , putting together a magazine about the city ) and i 've decided to tackle the multiculturalism issue . 
  i 've written an article and something i want to include was data evaluation of people 's thoughts about the whole thing . 
  for this , i unfortunately need to reach a lot of people . 
  anyone who takes this or passes it on to more people helps so much . 
  thanks for your time !, 
  damn . 
  i 'm really interested in wwii history , and also german , and the amount of misinformation and bad history in this thread is mind boggling . 
  even worse is that as soon as someone corrects a post , often the response will be quite mean and arrogant - because apparently , the blame and guilt for the holocaust lies exactly where redditors want it to be .
