  women seen as an exotic fetish . 
  one animation film ( even if it was awesome ) does not change any of that and really does n't warrant americans taking any high ground . 
  if america is so diverse , how come that minorities ( especially with any asian background ) never find the representation they deserve in their culture ? 
  tbh i 'm sure there 's a few great examples . 
  i was more trying to get at the general trend . 
  it bothers me when americans throw the word ` diversity ' around as if it magically stopped discrimination from existing : /, 
  the part about the brit being a brexit voter living in spain was just too good . 
  i have n't seen one either ( also playing since day one and am an avid egg hatcher ) and have actually travelled quite a bit since the release - been to london , birmingham , and cities in germany . 
  nothing . 
  i do n't know anyone that has one either . 
  haha , do n't worry . 
  i hope you manage to get one even if it 's very rare but do n't feel bad if you do n't !, 
  i am going to be visiting the us later this year and i 'm already hyping myself up for catching pokemon there . 
  my girlfriend and me are going to florida ( it 's our first time going to the us together so we want to do all the crazy fun stuff in orlando like stereotypical tourists ) . 
  since it 's a massive place i assume there will be a lot more pokestops than in the small town we live in . 
  i appreciate the offer though , 
  oh that sounds awesome !, 
  i think i will definitely do some research closer to the time , because we are n't sure yet what places we 'll be going and how using our phones will work . 
  i do n't assume there 'll be a lot of open wifi ? 
  asda is owned by walmart you got ta get yourself down to tesco m8, 
  my favourite part is that many of these comics accuse women of being hypocritical and bigoted for having dating preferences , but the women that are drawn as the girlfriend placeholders all look identical ( white , thin , boobs ) . 
  and clearly the author is showing a preference for huge chads \u2122 . 
  trp ( and this sub ) is too much for my girlfriend as it makes her angry , but browsing r/relationships together is a super fun couple activity , totally agree . 
  really makes you appreciate the relationship that you have . 
  funnily enough lesbians never come up in these science \u2122 explanations of why being gay is bad . 
  from personal experience it 's due to these reasons :, 
  1 ) this was written by a man mainly thinking about how gay men emasculate him - this is n't really about whether homosexuality makes sense ( nature does a lot of weird shit tbf ) , this is about how he ca n't relate to gay men . 
  why do n't they like titties ?!, 
  i like titties !, 
  2 ) that puts them in the spot of not really being able to fault women for being attracted to each other . 
  plus , it 's also kinda hot , is n't it ? 
  just think about those super erotic porn films were women are forced to rub various body parts all over each other !, 
  men are conditioned to believe that all women exist for their sexual pleasure . 
  3 ) carrying on from 2 ) - since women are n't even allowed their own sexuality , it 's easy to argue that they are just not seen as real people by a lot of these guys . 
  this has historic connotations as well : during the nazi regime , gay men were often put into arbeitslager/kz/prison if they were rumoured/reported to be gay - even teenagers . 
  as a gay woman i sympathise deeply with how terrible that was : many were n't even pardoned after the liberation , and were even sometimes punished by the allied forces in town for their ` sins ' . 
  on the other hand , women were seen by the national socialist empire as baby machines/housewives , so they did n't account for any agency regarding their lives and sexualities . 
  women ( especially young women ) could get jailed for being promiscuous - but lesbianism just was n't seen as a real thing . 
  sorry for the lengthy tangent , but hope my point comes across . 
  lesbianism is n't involved here because historically and culturally straight men ( and straight women , too ) do n't take it seriously . 
  having your identity dismissed just like that really fucking hurts . 
  i 'd rather they 'd insult me to my face so i could tell them to go in the sea . 
  their lives must be so hard . 
  constantly objectified !, 
  how do you think we could prevent this ? 
  tell them to wear more clothing ? 
  only with winter coats and skiing trousers will men be safe from a homosexual 's gaze . 
  maybe they should just stay at home and not put themselves into those risky situations were they could potentially be objectified , like walking down the crisps aisle or , idk , existing . 
  i just scrolled through her post history trying to figure out what she had ( i 'm a bit of a nerd when it comes to medicine , come from a family of doctors and have a very very insignificant autoimmune disease which made me take an interest ) . 
  i think the story does n't add up - she says that her doctor keeps ` changing his story ' but that he has also told her she will ` get progressively worse and wo n't make it past 40 ' . 
  of course i understand op is n't obligated to lay all of it out here but it 's unlikely that after so much time ( and with severe symptoms , albeit vaguely described ) she would have a prognosis without a diagnosis . 
  no doctor would do this . 
  when people tried to ask about why she has n't seen a specialist , she simply says the nhs is taking too long . 
  maybe americans reading this do n't know how the uk health care system works but i can assure you it 's a very high standard , and would take this kind of thing very seriously . 
  call me cynical but this sounds like the exaggerated version of a story that may have real parts . 
  do push ups really help towards pull ups ? 
  really want to be able to do them , i 've tried negative pull ups but even that is a struggle right now . 
  just trying to figure out ways to get closer it . 
  i 'm not a medical specialist - i even outright stated that i just randomly got interested because of autoimmune diseases being mentioned . 
  and , like a lot of other people in this thread , i just wanted to express doubt about some parts of the story . 
  i absolutely believe that the nhs misdiagnoses people . 
  however , i do not believe that doctors from the nhs would give a prognosis of that severity without a diagnosis . 
  this is n't even a case of misdiagnosis - op did not seem entirely sure on who she was seeing , what she had and what she might have . 
  the whole point here is that nobody knows what the truth is ? 
  10/10 story thank you for your service, 
  i visited london the first week pogo was out and it was like starting off with a bang . 
  really enjoyed walking around and catching tons while hitting pokestops everywhere . 
  unrelated : how do you manage to live in central london ? 
  haha , i meant both . 
  it probably depends whether you are used to it or not ? 
  i will be working there for a week next month ( in central london ) and i 'm a mixture of excited and terrified ... 
  i was thinking exactly the same . 
  at my uni they handed out the catalogue with candidates and basically convinced us to vote by giving away one free costa drink to each person that voted . 
  that led to most people just choosing the first option presented . 
  i 'm gay and remember reading the description of the girl running for lgbt student officer - i disliked everything she said as it sounded whiny and pretty much unnecessary . 
  banging on that there was discrimination ? 
  ( i 'd never had a better time in my life in regards to my sexuality than at uni , everyone including my tutors was awesome about it ) . 
  she also had a proposal about building ` gender free ' bathrooms on every single floor . 
  i went to an art school where pretty much everyone was chill about that kind of stuff . 
  nobody gave half a shit about what you were or what you looked like ( it was n't uncommon to see people covered in paint in the bathroom ) . 
  she was also the only person running ... 
  in the end i 'm glad that there 's people who care . 
  it can just get slightly crazy , especially in unis where elections are n't about who 's the most reasonable . 
  this is the point that confused me as well . 
  how can trp decide that women never have tough lives ? 
  there 's obviously men that have a tough start and women ( because , yknow , babies ca n't decide what gender they should be when born in certain circumstances ) . 
  if there was a system that automatically pulled every such girl ( born on the streets , to addicts , to struggling single parents , to abusers , ... ) out of their shitty lives and magically made it better , turning them into the sheltered bimbos that trp expects , that would actually be amazing . 
  i wonder why we have n't heard more about this entity that protects all women ?!, 
  is it because it does n't exist ? 
  i mean , if there was a system that truly favoured women in a way - say , by seeing them as the preferable gender to hire , by assuming they 're tough , by reflecting their status in all aspects of culture - surely that would be ... 
  hm , that reminds me of something . 
  it 's on the tip of my tongue ... 
  oh my gawd . 
  who do you think i am ? 
  why are you being so mean to me ? 
  i sent lindsey , who 's my absolute bff ( love her ) over to get my purse back but you like totally ignored my texts . 
  you even made us drive past brayden 's house which is just not cool . 
  ashley and maddy would never be so awful to me . 
  you were totally rude to lindsey , like is this because of those 10 bucks i owe you for the starbucks last week ? 
  because you need to just get over it and stuff .
