  op you 're cool , the person you 're replying to is silly . 
  i think it 's a great offer , personally , and what snack exchange should be about . 
  i 'm in the uk and i love anything reeses . 
  i know it 's much more international now , and i can go and buy the cups , but i assume it 's still cheaper in america . 
  plus , i 've only ever had the cups , would love to try the eggs or anything else . 
  okay i will stop now before i rant about chocolate for hours . 
  hm , i 've only been to america once and did n't get to try much besides hersheys ( which i can also buy here , just more expensive ) . 
  i 've been thinking of posting for a snack exchange but i 'm not sure what to ask for !, 
  as i do n't know what 's actually unique to the us and what 's worth trying . 
  is it not taught in america/the uk ? 
  still have to learn it in germany , although most people do n't ever achieve that standard . 
  that 's so different from my experience !, 
  the first year of school was just print handwriting , but then they started teaching it ( same way they taught print , with exercise books etc ) and by year 3 it was basically required to write in cursive . 
  kind of like , you can choose if you do it or not , but you should stick with cursive . 
  some older teachers in my secondary school even went so far as to tell me they 'd much prefer if i did n't write in print . 
  over the years , it has died down a bit ( most people i graduated with did n't write cursive ) , but kids ( i have young cousins ) still have to learn cursive . 
  to this day , i can still kind of write it , but it 's messy , haha . 
  ohh , thank you so much for the insightful comment . 
  really interesting . 
  i 'm considering this one as well - what do you think about the fact that it is basically impossible to do maintenance ? 
  ca n't even take out the battery !, 
  that worries me . 
  else this would be perfect ... 
  i 've been researching laptops for weeks now because i 'm replacing mine - i think i 'm going crazy !, 
  i keep worrying about every little thing . 
  my absolute dream laptop is the asus g501 , which is about to come out , or the updated g551 . 
  i think they 're worthy competitors to this one and i think i 'll probably get one of those ... 
  well , i need the laptop for professional graphic use - and the y50 has a reportedly horrific screen , which is why i ruled it out . 
  i had a stuffed animal of a rabbit when i grew up . 
  it was called wolpertinger , because it always reminded my mum of that story . 
  although i grew up in the south of germany that story never meant anything to me besides being the funny name of my ( slightly ugly ) furry friend . 
  i think it was important to explain that she had no way of making a five hour journey for the wedding , so i think it works in this case . 
  tesco does 4 for # 1 , not sure how much cheaper you want ? 
  most tescos that i 've been in ... am in birmingham, 
  it made my morning to read this , so even if you did n't go back - impressive work on your side . 
  i am not sure if i can do a few drawings like that yeah i know you do n't have to be up to you by the way you can see the cards i did for c ( girlfriend 's name ) und ich w\u00fcrden voll gerne was mit ihm machen, 
  randomly switches from english to german ( bilingual ) . 
  interesting . 
  source is me , feel free to check out my [ instagram ] ( http://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart ) or my [ art blog ] ( http://www.imgart.tumblr.com ) . 
  you can find some of my past pokemon drawings there . 
  hope you enjoy !, 
  hey , not a solution for your problem , but telling you i 've been there !, 
  if i recall correctly , there was an error sometime last year where everyone who was online on steam was giving the dlc during an update that was only intended for users who had it . 
  i received dawn guard through it . 
  now i 've recently moved laptop , and had to redownload skyrim , and it was gone . 
  ended up buying it in the steam summer sale so i could finish the achievements . 
  i do n't think there 's another way to get it . 
  i was introduced to that word on here too and now make it a point to use it in normal conversation . 
  sorry if it 's weird to comment this late , just scrolling through posts of this week . 
  i live in the second largest city in the uk so i 'd say i 've see a few, 
  decent sized cinemas , and when they do have fully fledged ice cream bars it 's a third party owner ( ben & jerry 's ) , completely separate from the ticket/popcorn till with their own employees . 
  the cinema is n't a place for ice cream anyway , i agree with you . 
  i wonder how the author of the post came up with this ? 
  could n't he just have gone to a fictive ice cream shop ? 
  they probably do n't remember high school because they spent their teenaged years playing video games and feeling self absorbed , and therefore they choose to remember how they think it should be . 
  aka , that there should be lots of super fit girls who are promiscuous ( yet virgins ) . 
  with a hint of ` blonde cheerleader ' fantasy thrown into the mix . 
  while girls like that may exist , the majority of teenaged girls are , similar to teenaged boys , insecure in their own right and most probably would n't be interested in a relationship with a 25 + year old creep ... 
  i wanted to say ` thanks for the quotes ' but i 'm not sure if i should feel better for having gained this insight , or worse because i feel physically repulsed . 
  wtf is this bullshit . 
  oh , there 's no doubt that you could make a lot of money by catering to the needs of that community . 
  the only hurdle is that it would require a certain kind of inner strength to continously fabricate empty pseudo intellectual bla bla ( and i do n't mean strength in english , because i 'm sure your writing skills do n't really matter as long as you 're in line with the ideology ) . 
  i certainly could n't walk that line because i 'd hate myself too much . 
  i do wonder whether some of the authors/endorsed chucklefucks actually believe all of the shit they come up with or whether they are just going along with it for the attention and/or money . 
  oh yeah , it 's definitely the women i feel bad for in this scenario . 
  i do n't care about the men who fall for it . 
  i really do wonder what rpw think about lesbian relationships . 
  because trp in general subscribes to the whole ` men and women ca n't be the same species ' bs , i do n't know whether it 'd be applicable for same sex partners . 
  on the other hand , as you said , being abused without noticing is a learnt behaviour . 
  let 's just hope that gay women do n't tend to pull that kind of abusive shit as much as straight men do . 
  my thoughts on your thoughts : him posting that exchange seems like he was proud of it , as if he wanted to show off his sexting skills . 
  it would have sufficed to ask the question without enclosing the embarrassing display of rambling dirty talk . 
  but it 's worse when it 's so pornographic :(, 
  i 'd also say that it really is n't that much effort to make . 
  tiramisu was n't an unusual dessert at my house - we bought the biscuits , made some coffee and combined it all in a dish . 
  maybe you can make the dish fancier if you 'd like but it can really be quite basic . 
  i moved out from home and do n't have a suitable dish to make it in but would totally do it again . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i still have my mum 's recipe if you 'd be interested , haha . 
  i just moved in together with my girlfriend and i 'm slowly building up some kitchen equipment !, 
  hope you recover well from surgery , 
  i 'll private message you later !, 
  it 's in german , so i 'll have to translate and type it up . 
  source ? 
  i 've always found this discussion really interesting . 
  i 'd just like to ask you why you say `` numbers range between 43 % and 47 % depending on the source , article and date '' - because there is also plenty of sources that claim those numbers to be far lower ? 
  i definitely do n't want to assume that one source is right over the other because there is no proof . 
  i 'm just curious what makes you believe they are in that range , specifically . 
  i think the difficulty with the numbers is partly caused by what you already describe : men ask for help less often , and while there certainly are hotlines they can call nowadays , there is still a big stigma surrounding men as victims of domestic abuse . 
  i think that factors into the statistics and i acknowledge that the numbers might be a lot higher than estimated by , for example , the british home office bulletin ( estimating seven per cent of women and five per cent of men to have experienced, 
  domestic abuse in 2010 , putting the number at 40 % https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/116483/hosb0212.pdf ) . 
  i think all victims of abuse should be treated equally and that it 's pointless to argue about who suffers more . 
  i will admit that i am sceptical towards a lot of statistics - and towards people who are quick to point out that `` men are victims too '' ( as there was no real need to point that out ) , and women are more likely to be abused , not equally . 
  i appreciate your thoughts !, 
  i edited my comment just then to add that i think it 's pointless to argue who suffers how much , anyway - it 's more important to work to solve issues , like the stigma surrounding men . 
  i agree they are often demonised . 
  it 's something society as a whole needs to work on . 
  women are still the group that suffers from abuse more ( especially from sexual abuse ) . 
  there is no way to argue around that . 
  how can you say they are sheltered in that respect ?
