  after a few weeks i 've caught myself saying things out loud , and now , just before christmas break , i 'm even more alone . 
  i mumble my thoughts to myself , remark things like ` well that was stupid of you , littleblurryblue ! ', 
  or ` come on , you can do this ' . 
  sometimes i think i 'm going crazy , but it keeps me company . 
  commenting to save . 
  very well said . 
  yeah , i do n't really understand the criticism for the gifts . 
  diabetes-inducing ? 
  nobody knows if he got them for himself , other people , if he planned to consume everything alone or not . 
  is there an alternative to tumblrinaction ? 
  i do enjoy reading about the odd trends that happen in sjw-world and i do n't really have time to look through all of tumblr myself . 
  yeah , i know what you mean . 
  the things that get upvoted are mainly a competition of ` batshit feminists ' ` especially edgy titp quote ' ` random otherkin cus lol they are stupid ' . 
  which does n't lead to much discussion . 
  i do n't know what could be done about it , though . 
  besides heavy mod intervention ... 
  when i was six , my dad took me to see ` heidi ' ( the live action version of the animated series ) . 
  he asked me 10 + times if i was sure i could handle it . 
  i could n't . 
  i cried and made him leave with me 20 minutes in when the evil mother yelled at heidi . 
  i still feel bad for it to this day . 
  i mean , he paid for seeing it :(, 
  the op in this thread are saying they were in support of the headline of the article before finding out that there might be other factors to consider ( sponsoring f.i. ) . 
  they apologised for this and i would assume they are posting this to show how easy it is to simply follow an opinion if you do n't research further . 
  hm , i honestly do n't remember much about the film - but i remember a blonde girl in a wheelchair being sent to live with heidi and she had a mother who was nasty to her . 
  or am i wrong ? 
  what i find so funny about it is that people who say stuff like that probably think ` anyone under 18 is an idiot ' . 
  i mean that must be part of the reason why there is such a massive hate for anyone who is younger than 90s kids ... thinking that anyone under a certain age is inferior . 
  thing is , it 's not a fucking mystery that kids aged 12-18 can be stupid , awkward teenagers . 
  the people who say these things had an awkward middle/high school time too ??? 
  i do n't get it . 
  all the lesbians i 've met ( and i 'm dating one ) have n't . 
  this is why anecdotal evidence is not reliable . 
  also fuck off . 
  making comments like that is so irrelevant here . 
  agree on the counting thing . 
  i 've been doing that since i was a kid and not just before sleeping . 
  when i need to calm down or am bored waiting or in pain i count and it gives my mind something to focus on . 
  i 've read that this is exactly why it 's recommended to count , or think of a story , when trying to sleep : your brain is occupied with something that is not too complex/stressful and your body can relax and fall asleep . 
  i find that it helps to try not to move at all , too . 
  had this discovery a few weeks ago . 
  so good . 
  for all bacon/potato lovers , i recommend baked potato topped with a slice of bacon ... 
  hey i 'm also 17 and in my first year of uni . 
  i promise if you 're studying something you are passionate about it 'll be easy to put the work in , 
  honestly there is such a difference between school and uni . 
  at school you may not enjoy every subject . 
  at uni you get to pick what you do !, 
  and besides the odd lengthy assignment and unenjoyable group project uni should be all about working for something you enjoy . 
  well , my parents do n't want to think i 'm gay , so ... 
  depends - what are you looking for specifically ? 
  i just giggled at the thought of a 3m laptop screen . 
  i was thinking ` fall out boy ' ... 
  as a german living amongst the british , i can confirm that biscuits are treated more like a human right than a snack . 
  i think it really is subjective . 
  always depends on the specific circumstances . 
  if i may relate my experiences : i 'm 17 and with a 19 year old ( been together 2 years ) . 
  however , i finished school early and in my first year of uni and it always felt like i was only a year younger . 
  nobody ever believes i 'm only 17 . 
  so it 's working out for us , even though i also find it inappropriate in other situations when there 's an age gap in teenagers dating ... 
  [ there you go ! ], 
  really quick ink drawing . 
  not sure if it 's against the rules to say this but i 'd like to point out that the picture you provided is n't of a very high resolution . 
  i 'm personally passing on this one because i prefer to work off pictures with better quality . 
  good luck !, 
  it 's late here , but you guys look really happy , so here 's a [ sketch ] ( http://imgur.com/pi0j5yr ) . 
  hope you 'll get some more sophisticated images !, 
  working on it . 
  wish i 'd done it a bit bigger , detail is n't too good . 
  [ art blog ] ( http://www.imgart.tumblr.com ), 
  well thanks . 
  much love . 
  these were brilliant . 
  it was good of you to write them down because things like these need to be preserved !, 
  i 'm gon na start working on it . 
  just wanted to say that it 's amazing that you 're willing to tip artists a little bit of money . 
  i think i speak for a number of artists on here when i say that while it 's great to practice on this subreddit , it 'd obviously be even nicer to receive just a little bit of a reward for it ( just like you 'd commission artists in any other place ) . 
  thank you , i hope this will catch on !, 
  my humble contribution ... you got a nice dog !, 
  ink on watercolour paper . 
  thanks for the doge . 
  such wow, 
  ink , actually !, 
  ( but they look similar , i agree ) . 
  thanks for the doge . 
  the keeper put little piles of food on all the of the wooden construction . 
  as far as i could see it was mixed fruits , definitely banana and apple . 
  they dropped some and random peacocks appeared and tried to steal it . 
  glad you liked it , i 'm enjoying the doge thing . 
  haha , this is actually the first dog i 've ever painted , it could have gone worse . 
  thanks . 
  this doge thing has been interesting so far . 
  it 'd be interesting to see if rgd will cause any changes to the doge stock market , now that tips are being given all around the place . 
  [ interesting enough ? 
  haha , i was going for an arty style , thought that would make it interesting, 
  shit , that 's even less in # ... why , just why . 
  if she 's such an important executive , does n't she make enough money to be able to say ` oh whatever ' about so little money ?? 
  do n't understand why you 're being downvoted , i feel the same way ... 
  the way op told this story it sounded like a ton of animals suffered and basically died only to be thrown away . 
  i find that pretty upsetting ...
