  women are more often seen as ` creative ' types who paint and teach art to kids . 
  and indeed - there was a higher percentage of women studying than men on my my course . 
  but the head and deputy head of the department ? 
  most tutors ? 
  the leaders of companies and agencies who came in to talk to us ? 
  90 % men . 
  how the hell does that work out ? 
  mysteriously , since graduating , the white male slice of the cake has had a much higher success rate of securing jobs ... 
  i wonder why !, 
  men do not see it as a problem , so they do not see the need for change . 
  i read this once and it rings so true : if you grew up privileged , you wo n't understand the perspective of those who are n't . 
  yeah , there 's a bit of a double standard regarding behaviours of artists in design , too . 
  you 'll often see women stigmatised as the careerhungy , evil bitch or the dimwit blonde who does n't know what she 's doing , whereas guys can present themselves as laid back and chill without issue . 
  i experienced something weird this summer , i still do n't quite know how to describe it . 
  i attended a huge convention specific to my industry , with students hoping to score jobs/internships . 
  i had the distinct feeling that i did not fit in with what interviewers were expecting . 
  i do n't have any proof for this , it 's just a hunch , but i feel like the fact that i do n't dress very feminine at all made me stand out as someone who did n't belong ( in some people 's eyes , obviously there 's cool people out there ) . 
  not to mention the fact that straight clubs have a lot of straight men , which is usually not a ton of fun for gay women . 
  gets to the point that their straight friends enjoy coming along to gay venues because sometimes , it 's nice to be hassled by guys . 
  i did n't realise that was the case in the us . 
  that seems absolutely insane ?? 
  why are n't women getting together and protesting this ? 
  do any of the current presidential candidates promise to change this ? 
  this was at an airport also , very possible they 're just visiting/passing through . 
  sure , the uk has a large muslim population , but i 'd be careful to describe the majority of them as conservative - i 've rarely seen burqas . 
  i 've never seen this one before , holy shit !, 
  this has to be one of my favourite sas quotes . 
  both funny and rage inducing . 
  * deutsch !, 
  i was n't going to comment in this thread ( because a lot of great points have already been made ! ), 
  but this piece of information is really interesting . 
  i assumed she moved to your country as an adult , as that would explain complex issues with her cultural identity . 
  moving as a child is slightly different imo . 
  something you did n't elaborate on a lot :, 
  have you visited russia with her ? 
  are there plans to visit ? 
  plans to visit maybe relatives ? 
  are there concrete plans to teach any future children russian and take them to russia ? 
  because , if not , i honestly do n't think you need to learn russian . 
  and i 'm saying this as someone who lives in an english speaking country , as a non native english speaker . 
  my partner does n't speak my language fluently as she - like you !, 
  - has a pretty busy work life . 
  learning a language is stressful . 
  it takes time ( i had to move to england to be immersed in it ! ) . 
  and while we 're here - i do n't think there 's a need to push her to study every day . 
  i 'm not her teacher . 
  but the thing is - she is set on learning it . 
  why ? 
  not to please me , but because a ) we have plans to move to my country and b ) after all these years together , she feels like communicating with my family in our language would n't be so bad . 
  i 'd like to point out that i completely understand the feeling of wanting your partner to speak your language !, 
  in my case , it 's because i live very far from my family and speaking your own language to someone is pretty nice . 
  i do n't really see how that applies to your situation . 
  i also can not understand why she wants to bully you into speaking russian with no reason other than ` because i want you to ' . 
  dude !, 
  i am telling you that you should n't feel obligated if that 's all . 
  to be honest , the entire subject of americans moving to europe always adds that little extra bit of spice for me . 
  i think it 's because i 'm from germany and americans either want to abuse the laws ( ` my grandad was german , so i can come over to eat sausages and fuck blonde girls !, 
  thank god for world war 2 ! ' ), 
  or alternatively hate on it for being filled with migrants/nazis . 
  they really do manage to twist everything into bullshit . 
  oh , i know it seems like that - but check each comment , it links back to where it took it from !, 
  the bot is basically a hall of fame . 
  yeah , i can see why it seems like a relative of r/subredditsimulator !, 
  clearly , simply flying there would n't be enough to inflict pain on men , oh no . 
  got ta wait for the muslim invasion \u2122 so the strong alpha makes can physically rip you from the arms of your inferior western boyfriend . 
  that will show them !, 
  did n't watch tv around the vote , what the actual fuck . 
  ca n't believe they were able to show this kind of stuff . 
  i second this . 
  my parents gave me three names . 
  they could n't decide on what would be my first name either ( to the point that they were still fighting about it a month after i was born ) . 
  in the end , they wrote my dad 's choice ( old fashioned , long ) in the first name spot and my mum 's choice ( foreign , hard to pronounce , but shorter ) in second , with a random third name tucked behind . 
  my mum basically ensured that i 'd be called by my middle name . 
  to everyone who says that it 's not a big deal and that the kid can decide itself - that is obviously wrong . 
  by the time they can do something about it , they 're actually used to it . 
  so here i am , everyone still calls me by my middle name and i go through the same hassle of dealing with official documents , university , etc. 
  honestly i wish my parents could have decided to call me by my first name , no matter which one that would have been . 
  for the op , i just wish that she realises that she does n't owe her husband the last name and the first name spot . 
  i get that heterosexual marriages see it as a given that the woman takes the guy 's name , but we should n't . 
  if he wants the first name , she gets the last name . 
  reading this ad a german living in the uk and i 'm just here shaking my head ... ` expensive ' . 
  i really want to know if they 're comparing german train prices to another western country . 
  i was about to post that comment here myself . 
  i mean , that last sentence especially is just seeping with arrogance . 
  so , my girlfriend and i encountered some sas in real life this week . 
  we spent a few days in london , and did some touristy stuff as we thought it could be fun . 
  which meant we saw a lot of american tourists everywhere . 
  it was especially noticeable when we went to the british museum . 
  we were looking around the ancient egypt exhibition - you may know it , a large room filled with glass displays containing mummies , sarcophaguses and other burial stuff . 
  we were standing in front of the well-preserved contents of a sarcophagus - the wrappings looking old , but very intact - when this american lady next to us pointed her finger and loudly exclaimed : ` that ca n't be real ! ', 
  uh , i 'm pretty sure it is , lady . 
  i mean , that 's the whole of point of the display . 
  there even was a large sign saying exactly who the mummy was . 
  her and her friend continued to debate whether or not it was really real . 
  we also overheard a group of americans debating whether or not they should go on ` that ferris wheel ' . 
  yeah , i think it 's not a very great understanding of how culture actually works - which is so crazy , since america is a country with lots of immigrants , and a very diverse mix or cuisines , ideas and lifestyles !, 
  yet , this guy 's understanding of it boils down to ` it comes from an immigrant ' . 
  like , uh , it 's probably more the fact that dozens and then hundreds and then thousands of people brought their own recipes with them ... and that in itself implies that it already existed back in their place of origin ? 
  but no , sure , it must just be that one chinese guy coming to the us that one time and thinking ` i 'm going to invent a new type of chinese-inspired food style targeted to the western taste ' . 
  this applies to languages ( not the computer science kind ) , too !,
