  not a native french speaker ( learnt for 6yr ) , but they look about right to me , just the tone of voice is sometimes off . 
  for example the top right one , i do not see where the translation got ` muh qu ` ran ' from . 
  hey there , i 'm not from the us but i know that there 's a lot of artists in georgia that do amazing work on dark skin - if you 're willing to travel . 
  ( check out danny cruz , skinwerks , and ryan henry in chicago if you do n't know those . ), 
  i have seen good work on dark skin by ashley love in nyc but her style is more traditional . 
  this kind of stuff sometimes ca n't be forced , though . 
  stinky is n't a usual pet name , it just sort of happened unconsciously from inside jokes . 
  did n't have ` a ' pet name for ages ( months ? 
  year ? 
  ) , because it ca n't be forced imo . 
  and it might seem stupid to others if they 'd ever hear , but when you 've got a cute joke that becomes ` your thing ' no one can take it from you . 
  i do n't think i would worry , op . 
  focus on the person , not what to call them . 
  you 'll get more comfortable . 
  i like this approach because it would be an effective way of showing them she is n't embarrassed . 
  there is no need to be anyway : she is an adult and can keep in her apartment what she wants . 
  it is not her responsibility to hide everything that could make things uncomfortable - it 's her landlord 's ( and grandparents ' ) responsibility not to snoop . 
  that being said , how she solves it all depends on how she can handle herself - she can choose between a head on confrontation and the ` it never happened ' approach . 
  i ca n't really judge what would work best , but i can say that personally , i would like to make sure that no one is looking through my stuff . 
  ever . 
  i have psoriasis ( goes on my forehead/ears ) and i 'm not quite there yet . 
  but congratulations on feeling good about yourself , i know many people with acne who let it impact their life in a very negative way . 
  good to see positivity . 
  hey , i read your post as i was also long distance for a pretty long time . 
  i know what it feels like to argue like that and i agree with the other posters here that say it wo n't change - because if he would , i can assure you that he would be on his hands and feet right now begging for forgiveness . 
  long distance sucks and communication is extremely hard , you say things that come out wrong , and it requires a lot of understanding from both parties . 
  i 'm sure he can be understanding and you are probably holding on because you think that ` it 's meant to be hard , it 's long distance ' . 
  but take the example of you staying out with your friends , he said it was unacceptable and criticised you before knowing what you were doing . 
  after explaining what you were doing , he should have immediately apologised . 
  it seems like he 's unhappy with what you do , and there seems to be a need to control you . 
  trust me , i understand completely that in a ldr you want to know what your partner does at all time , you want to text them , you want to be involved . 
  but do n't for a second believe that this is healthy behaviour . 
  and , to come back to what others said , do not believe that this will get easier when you live together in real life . 
  some behaviours just stick . 
  wish you all the best !, 
  i do n't understand why people are giving you so much shit for your reaction when you confronted him . 
  that 's honestly the smallest issue here . 
  you need to make him see just how much he fucked up and how much he owes you . 
  around what time do you usually go online ? 
  i think the time zone matters for this . 
  thanks for your reply !, 
  i 've been trading away a few boxes of cindaquils , but mostly just half a box at a time when i feel like it and at completely random times ( morning , afternoon , night ) . 
  i 've never received anything that knocked me out of my socks , so to speak . 
  i might try and just get them all out there at once and see if that changes anything . 
  native german speaker here ... been in a relationship with a native english speaker since i was 15 . 
  never once did i expect her ( or urge her ) to speak my language . 
  we 've always spoken english . 
  i would have never tried to date her if my english had been bad , that 's so embarrassing !, 
  i really do n't understand how that 25 year old does n't feel similarly ( most germans are perfectionists when it comes to english ) . 
  i now live in the uk and people consider my english on the level of other native speakers , meanwhile , my gf has picked up bits and pieces of my language . 
  aaaand i still do n't expect her to speak it to me . 
  tldr : english is considered the common ground language , it 's easier to learn than german , and as a german i think this girls behaviour is way off and rude . 
  i apologise . 
  i completely understand both your and her side in this , let me see if i can give you advice . 
  i was embarrassed because i did n't want to make mistakes and my girlfriend had to practically coax me into saying anything at all . 
  she tells the stories of our awkward skype conversations to everyone she knows :(, 
  what made me go from giving one word answers to being more comfortable on skype is definitely related to what she did . 
  she always assured me that my english was great . 
  also , i realised that it was okay to laugh about the mistakes i made . 
  that takes a bit of time and really depends on how much you two trust each other and are comfortable . 
  but it just sort of clicked for me that she would never be laughing at me in spite , rather we could laugh together . 
  years later and i have 0 % shame : if i forget a random word i just ask her . 
  i do n't know if there 's much else you can do . 
  she probably really does want to talk to you - and it will get easier . 
  i also suggest watching films and shows together ( timing it ) , in english , it 's great to bond over , a good activity for ldrs and will improve her english . 
  she can have subtitles on her stream if needed . 
  hey , a little bit of sympathy goes a long way . 
  though you are right , it is always my intention to make sure that people see my country in a good light ... 
  it 's a feeling of responsibility despite knowing it 's pointless . 
  so you 're saying not all women are the same ? 
  never would have guessed . 
  source : me , you can find them also on my [ tumblr ] ( http://imgart.tumblr.com/ ) and my [ instagram ] ( http://instagram.com/lesleyimgart ) . 
  thanks for looking !, 
  thank you . 
  i really appreciate that . 
  i was just trying to capture what i think it would look like , based on the visual clues we have . 
  the species seems to be based on badgers , which are decidedly not scary . 
  i 've seen a lot of realistic typhlosion art that makes them look like bears/wolves . 
  some of those i liked , but i had a slightly less menacing picture in mind . 
  typhlosion is the final evolution of cyndaquil , which is based on a shrew ( i think ? ), 
  and - to me - it looks like it was based on a badger , yeah . 
  i 'm glad you enjoy it !, 
  this was literally my first time painting a pokemon , but i 'm open to do more . 
  if time allows it , 
  do you have any suggestions ? 
  i ca n't promise anything :( but i 'll keep those in mind !, 
  i 've never seen one attack anything , but their teeth do look pretty pointy . 
  plus typhlosion is meant to be over 5 foot so i can see why you could be intimidated ... 
  always save . 
  save often . 
  this is genuinely the most important advice i have . 
  it will save you so much heartbreak in the future . 
  i use photoshop & a wacom tablet . 
  brushes vary heavily , i love the ones based on oil paints . 
  that 's ace !, 
  you can find so many great sets online . 
  i really recommend one called ` jack 's brushset ' , it 's a free set of texture brushes , if you 're interested in that kind of stuff . 
  i used quite a few of them . 
  hope that helps !, 
  i do take commissions !,
