  if you 're serious about that , pm me !, 
  excited to hear about your idea , 
  i 've never been near a wild one !, 
  that made me smile !, 
  i 'm glad you like it . 
  source is me , feel free to check out my [ instagram ] ( http://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart ) or my [ art blog ] ( http://www.imgart.tumblr.com ) . 
  cheers guys , i really appreciated the feedback i got on my last submission . 
  not a trace , but definitely the reference for the pose . 
  looked at different pictures of corgi mixes . 
  i plan on doing more !, 
  seeing as everyone seems to love them . 
  i looked at corgi/chow , corgi/husky and corgi/shepherd , but the chow mixes and their fur are perfect !, 
  thanks for checking it out !, 
  yes , arcanine would be a bit too similar ... 
  i need a break from that fur . 
  i 'm very honoured that you 'd want to use them as backgrounds !, 
  thank you !, 
  certainly in the future if i keep doing these !, 
  this is insane . 
  is this a thing ? 
  to make pages for users ? 
  haha . 
  what would you want me to do in there ? 
  you can certainly commission one !, 
  glad you like the style . 
  just pokemon related , or general ? 
  yes i 'm sure i did n't trace . 
  i saw no harm in using a real life dog as a reference , though . 
  as you can see , the original picture has very different texture & colours so i 'm not sure how drawing on top of it would help me . 
  i feel like that would be a real challenge compared to the cute ones i 've done so far ... slightly more terrifying , 
  i 'm glad you 're concerned for my career , but i think i can handle myself ... 
  i 'm actually an illustration student so i recognise that this is a touchy subject . 
  there is a fine line between referencing and plagiarism . 
  i 'd like to think that because i used a basic structure ( without any context , background or composition ) it does n't really fall into that . 
  i used the image as a reference for the pose and proportions . 
  i 'm very sorry if you feel like this is not acceptable - i personally felt like it did not matter because this image was not created for profit , but mainly for my own amusement . 
  okay , next time i 'll make sure to include my main reference when posting . 
  well i 'm flattered !, 
  it 's impossible for me to simply do all requests , i certainly will do commissions . 
   other than that , i 'll simply do the ones i want to . 
  thank you so much i 'm very glad you like my work and looked at my blog , i appreciate it . 
  of course i do n't !, 
  thanks for asking , though , 
  thank for the constructive feedback !, 
  i 'm aware it does n't look completely like that dog ( which was n't my goal , obviously as it was just the base reference ) . 
  after thinking about it some more i have a serious question - would it make sense to post all my work there when i can just post it in relevant subreddits ? 
  ( e.g. 
  a pokemon drawing in the pokemon subreddit ) . 
  more people see it that way , whereas that subreddit would rarely be found . 
  evening / r/pokemon , my last post was really big here , and i want to again thank everyone . 
  really cool to see how many people liked my interpretation . 
  please do stop by my [ instagram ] ( http://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart ) or my [ tumblr ] ( http://www.imgart.tumblr.com ) if you like these and want to see the previous ones . 
  i was trying to make a joke . 
  it 's past 2am here , clearly too late for me to come up with `` funny '' post titles ... 
  completely agree with this . 
  and you 'd be surprised how much it 's possible to misjudge the reaction you will get . 
  personally i expected that my parents would be 100 % cool with me being gay but that was n't the case . 
  and if someone wants to come out as transgender which makes you even more vulnerable , they better be careful about how and when they do it . 
  it 's not a sign of not wanting to talk , it 's a sign of fear ( and can also show that they do n't want to ` ruin ' how close the family is ) . 
  this is such an insightful comment and if you work with dogs and people in that way , you must be frustrated a lot . 
  ops husband is very inconsiderate and what stands out to me is her mention of his schedule and the share of responsibilities . 
  he was willing to adopt a dog knowing that most of the time , it would not be him taking care of it ( no matter if the wife was willing to or not !, 
  even if she wanted a second dog and they had the space , it 's still a burden ! ) . 
  a sign of the hypocrisy and immaturity : he ` bonded ' with the dog and ` really wants it ' although he could not fully care for it due to his schedule . 
  kind of reminds me of what kids do when they want a pet and they forget mummy and daddy are the actual carers ... 
  now i feel better about my decision to not buy these . 
  hi there , it kind of depends on what you are trying to do . 
  you posted a lot of quick sketches ( like the two minutes ones ) and i do n't think there 's any ` problems ' . 
  it 's more about eventually applying the stuff you learn to more finished/detailed work . 
  ( but as i said it depends so much on what your goal is ! ), 
  those ribs look soo good !, 
  most of my dislike for them personally is that they always get brought up and i 'm expected to like them . 
  i study abroad and when people notice i 'm german , they will bring up rammstein 80 % of the time . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  is it the new lederhosen ? 
  agreed . 
  it would take weeks , if not a couple months , to row across the atlantic . 
  especially if this in the future and sea levels have risen further . 
  not to mention paris is n't directly next to the atlantic , etc , etc. 
  i think north america is pretty unique in its strict dating culture ( as in , needing to date and then being in a relationship ) , but that does n't mean that europeans have problems understanding or communicating romantic interest . 
  i completely agree . 
  here 's my own perspective : a lot of lgbt teenagers fall in love with their best friend , it may contribute to them even realising they 're gay ( happened to me , too ) . 
  it 's just like straight boys falling for their best girl friend - because that person was always right there in front of them and suddenly you kinda wish something more would happen . 
  i think it is not uncommon in teenagers . 
  however , op seems to value the friendship more than anything else - he 's commented that he just wants to keep this guy as a friend . 
  therefore , i think it 's okay to disregard those kinds of feelings . 
  i saw his comments about physically touching his friend/sexual comments more as an observation of the guy being comfortable with him . 
  which is exactly what you look for when you 're in that situation . 
  coming out is scary . 
  medical tanning for psoriasis can be very different from tanning beds ( at least in my experience ) . 
  sunlight or tanning in a bed can help it , yes , but if it is ordered by a doctor they can also just let them sit in a special box for 1-2 min . 
  my dad did it for a summer , did not walk out with a tan . 
  i do n't treat mine with it though . 
  relationships are about how much work you put in . 
  situations like this are so emotionally complicated and it 's sometimes hard to even get objective advice . 
  i 've been in a situation like you , though , and it 's all working out , so if you wanted to chat then pm me . 
  after reading your comment about what happened , this makes him seem even worse ( jealous etc ) . 
  however : good on you for handling it cool . 
  maybe not all bad came out of the situation and you and pink can unite against ` mark ' . 
  i assume he was this creepy towards her , too ...
