  i 'm 100.00 % german ( as in , born and raised , moved to uk three years ago ) and i can not understand why americans - who are generations removed from their european ancestors !, 
  - insist on linking ` drinking ' with ` abstract nationality stereotypes ' . 
  of course it 's fun to joke about it ( contrary to popular belief , i do have a sense of humour ) , so going along with jokes about how i can drink well because i 'm german is fine . 
  however , when i meet irish people my first instinct is n't to jump onto their drinking habits because of stereotypes ? 
  i think those kinds of preconceptions are horrible in any other case ( you 're italian , so you 're lazy ; you 're german , so you 're racist ; you 're british , so you 're polite ) . 
  which is why it gets on my tits when people try to make themselves sound more interesting with them . 
  that 's all it is at the end , right ? 
  ` guys look at me my ancestors were super exotic and i may have retained qualities that are vaguely attributed to them ! ' . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  i almost forgot that i 'm german and not meant to make fun of my american overlords !, 
  zanks to zem my kantry is now free and i can go b\u00e4ck to drinking ze beer and wearing ze lederhosen every day !, 
  they are to some degree . 
  the line between `` poking fun at a nationality '' and `` blatant racism '' is pretty damn thin , however . 
  the reason i bring this up is because of an encounter with american friends i had that made me very uncomfortable . 
  they were doing nazi germany gestures ( including the pretend moustache , saying `` heil hitler '' etc ) . 
  they failed to see that i did n't find it funny at all . 
  it was only a small moment , but it does show the cultural difference . 
  maybe americans see it at being lighthearted - i thought it was inappropriate . 
  correct . 
  i applied to the incredibly bureaucratic german government to get a license for sarcasm and puns ( so much paperwork ! ), 
  but i failed to enclose evidence that i supported the arrival of 25 million muslim refugees . 
  i had no choice but to flee to the uk . 
  you know , i 've been downvoted on reddit before because me not agreeing with an american = i have no sense of humour lol german stereotypes, 
  this is actually bizarrely relevant because my american friend teaches in seoul !, 
  haha . 
  when i visited there , i actually encountered some irish lasses teaching english over there - most teachers seemed to be americans , though . 
  i can definitely see that they seem to prefer people from the usa . 
  in general , people just assumed that my partner and i were american because we 're white and speak english . 
  my favourite quote : ' i did n't know that they speak english in england , too ' . 
  haha !, 
  as far as i can tell , the most common stereotypes about brits basically place them in some weird alternative reality set in the rural 1800s . 
  they 're so old-fashioned , polite , talk about nothing but queues , queens , teas , and scones , and of course they 're still bitter that america declared independence !, 
  golly gosh !, 
  as a female \u2122 from germany i 've already had to learn muslin language . 
  how else will i please the refugees that now rule the country ? 
  under shakira law it is forbidden to speak american !, 
  crackheads in tracksuits , a 50/50 ratio of indian takeaways to tattoo shops , ducks crossing roads in broad daylight and dubious amounts of greggs would be my summary of life in an english town . 
  b-but ... 
  your genetics mean that you should be down at the pub every night outdrinking each other !, 
  fair play to you though . 
  i really do n't like getting drunk very much , have the feeling that all the british people around me love it a little bit too much !, 
  that entire thread is absolutely hopeless . 
  so many europeans trying to explain how our houses are n't on fire and how we are n't currently being raped by refugees , but no !, 
  smug americans know better than us . 
  rarely have i shook my head as furiously as i have reading / r/worldnews this week . 
  i 've never watched us talk shows !, 
  also sounds like something i should n't do ... 
  i always swear to myself that i 'll stop going on worldnews ... and then i 'm on reddit anyway , want to check headlines real quick , think ` i 'll have a quick look at the comments ! ' ... 
  and there we go again . 
  yeah , the thread ( like any thread on that sub about refugees ) is really terrible . 
  usually i would n't bother posting quotes to sas because i 'm sure we 're all tired of hearing their uninformed propaganda . 
  it 's so fucking frustrating ( especially because it comes from people who do n't , yknow , actually live in europe ) . 
  but once in a while i stumble onto a comment chain that is on a whole new level - like the one i submitted her . 
  it 's so insulting that it 's actually entertaining again ( and i 'd rather laugh than make myself angry !, 
  when i realised that replies by german people often get downvoted while parent comments by americans ( omg germany is doomed !!! ), 
  are up voted and gilded my eyes rolled so far back into my head i did n't think i 'd get them out again . 
  i think a certain balance struck in the end ( current top comment is n't racist ) but the vibe from the majority is terrifyingly right-wing . 
  * dramatic gestures *, 
  it 's just a stylistic thing . 
  i 'm not too great at drawing pregnant women - so imagine this taking place riiight at the start of the pregnancy when they just find out !, 
  i might do !, 
  never been on this subreddit before , it 's all very big and confusing . 
  just tentatively seeing if i should post my fanart here, 
  i think you can tell this whole baby thing is n't my area of expertise !, 
  i 've been drawing quite a bit of hp fanart this week so i do want to share . 
  reddit can just be very relentless and scrutinising . 
  have n't always had the greatest experience , unfortunately . 
  this was kind of a cheeky nod to harry 's ... eccentric name preferences . 
  was thinking he inherited that from his dad . 
  which led me to think that lily definitely would n't let james have the last say , 
  okay ? 
  i just drew this because of a fanart challenge on instagram , i 'm not really that in the loop with harry potter stuff . 
  so not sure what your comment is referencing . 
  that 's actually really interesting to know , thanks !, 
  i did know that it can be different for everyone . 
  just sort of hoped i could get away with it as it 's just a very quick joke drawing !, 
  and thank you for your kind words , 
  yeah , never thought about it much when i was younger but now i think it 's quite bizarre that harry fell for a woman that looks a lot like his mum ... 
  someone actually noticed it !, 
  yay !, 
  james strikes me as the kind of guy who is passionate and spontaneous and who would have ideas like ` let 's name our child after my buddy from school ! ', 
  i 've kind of learnt to ignore it . 
  reddit is great for having so many people speak their minds but that same thing can also make it a really horrible place . 
  my partner has stopped going on reddit altogether as she was basically just ripped to shreds when she shared her work . 
  you can find them in a british supermarket called wilkos ( they do mainly household stuff ) . 
  they sell brand names but also have their own range of products , which are all named hilariously because they 're either really clever puns or terribly awkward literal descriptions . 
  always makes me chuckle when i go there . 
  examples include : toilet paper : ` cheeky ' . 
  freezer bags : ` bean and gone ' . 
  and of course the ` drop it in ! ', 
  well , i 'm not british myself , i 'm not sure if the word hobbit would he accurate for them . 
  their sense of humour is on point though !, 
  whether it applies to you depends on the shade of your skin , silly !, 
  yeah that entire thread is pretty bad , but the linked comment i found interesting as it brings up ye olde ` americans taught the world democracy ' rhetoric which is funny since the usa did n't , yknow , exist when democracy was invented . 
  that is quite a nice view !, 
  that entire thread ( beyond the linked comment ) is americans patting themselves on their backs because they 're sooooo good at making films that are soo representative !, 
  they truly are the saviours of our world !!, 
  let 's ignore that literally no western media has a fair representation of asian minorities . 
  actors not being cast beyond stereotype-fulfilling roles . 
  asian actors rarely ever considered for awards .
