  really ? 
  uk prices lower than denmark ? 
  guess that can make me feel a bit better as i shell out 3 $ for a decent chocolate bar ;(, 
  when i was a kid i used to love frozen pizza ( the independence of heating it up myself , when my parents were out was intoxicating in some way ) , but i end up disappointed every time nowadays . 
  they always seem to be soggy on the inside/below ... 
  marabou is fantastic !, 
  they do not sell it here in the uk . 
  i used to get it when going to ikea in germany , so nice . 
  you can get 100g of milka or ritter sport for 1 $ in germany . 
  might be worth moving back just for that !, 
  i prefer cadbury crunchies over flakes myself , if you 've ever had those . 
  you really need to try crunchies bars , they 're really unlike any other bars i 've had before . 
  i 'll trade you for marabou :p, 
  i also like how accessible reese 's peanut butter cups are here in the uk , 
  you should definitely try more british sweets when visiting while you have the chance ... might be the uk leaves the eu , haha . 
  yeah , i figured you were using chips as the equivalent of british crisps . 
  ( grew up in germany , we call them chips there too ! ), 
  i 've never actually seen something like that irl . 
  it was just accurate in terms of size . 
  yeahhh . 
  this was going around on my facebook as well . 
  my girlfriend and i immediately recognised who they are . 
  we even found the original series of pictures ( where their clothes are slowly coming off ) . 
  so it might be the text box is hiding their lack of trousers . 
  you 're right , it 's super awkward to see people post stuff like this . 
  what for ? 
  to advertise themselves ? 
  ( `` i 'm not an awful human being !, 
  '' ) , to get attention ? 
  i just ca n't imagine someone who made that post actually being a great person irl . 
  it gets even worse when you imagine if it really did happen - what if the girl saw the post ? 
  it 's not like you 'd want that kind of shit out on the open on facebook , for mutual friends to piece it together . 
  bikes sold in a supermarket ? 
  holy shit !, 
  on the topic of driving - here in the uk , i do now that some teenagers learn to drive , but many of my friends are just now starting to learn to drive ( early twenties ) because they can afford to !, 
  it 's really expensive , and not worth it since it 's possible to walk/bike/use public transport . 
  haha thanks for the offer . 
  i think i 've got the gist of it from good old tv & cinema . 
  i got robot bear on my first try as i was playing through , but did n't get unicorn bear until much later . 
  i think it 's all luck . 
  this has just hit me like a brick in the face . 
  i 'm in a relationship with a girl my parents never really approved of and since there 's a few possible reasons for that , i was never sure why exactly . 
  there 's a similar dynamic going on , she 's hard working and has a job but they do n't seem to respect her background and the type of job she has ( further down you said they 've made comments about how they said they do n't approve of your life style , exactly what i 've heard . 
  wrong priorities , doubtful life choices , etc ) . 
  my parents are judgmental & downright arrogant about it . 
  i was also hoping that this would get better in the future . 
  i am now scared that it 'd reach a similar level to what you 've had to put up with . 
  standing up for my relationship has , so far , not really impressed them much . 
  i 'm very sorry about what happened to your wife 's sister . 
  you seem to have a great relationship though , so i 'm sure things will work out for you , regardless of what will happen . 
  this was a really cool comment . 
  you write well !, 
  i 'd never thought about people with curly hair struggling with it and you described it in a really insightful way . 
  i hope op reads this and takes it seriously . 
  yeah , i 've obviously noticed that girls with curly hairs wish to straighten it often . 
  the girl i 'm with has awesome curly ginger hair ( can not emphasise enough how pretty it is ) but she did n't ever have it that way , always straightened it . 
  i guess i just assumed it was personal preference , and did n't realise that so little love for curly hair exists in the world . 
  i have straight hair myself and always admired all the girls with curly hair . 
  or just british . 
  i live in the midlands , can also hear it . 
  not the kid 's fault , but probably contributed to the stress & confusion that led to the cashier missing stuff out . 
  do you think that 's what the commenter before and i implied ? 
  op said it was the kid 's fault , and i really do n't think it would be - it 's the parents ' responsibility . 
  therefore , it 'd be the parents ' fault . 
  does anybody know why cross country trains get booked up so fast ? 
  i commute stafford to birmingham and the trains on monday morning are booked up more than a week in advance . 
  it 's 10.80 # one way . 
  booking in advance ( if you manage to ) gets you a first class ticket for 5 # . 
  i still do n't know how that works . 
  i guess it 's because they 're still deciding to run 4 carriage trains on that route ( it 's a train from/to manchester so there 's a ton of commuters and it 's crammed at rush hour ) . 
  the advance tickets sell our very quickly and then there 's just 10.80 # tickets left - often with no seats available anyway . 
  makes me annoyed to fork over that money when i know i wo n't get a seat , it 's just for the privilege of being transported for ~ 30-40m in the warm , smelly crowd by the toilets , pushed against the door . 
  if i sound bitter it 's because i 'm from germany and i 've seen how public transport can be done . 
  i have n't really experienced a difference between all the operators , tbh ( london midland , virgin , cc , all seems similar booking wise , just the trains are sometimes nicer ) . 
  it 's definitely the privatised system you have going on that 's a problem , i do n't know how much influence the operators themselves have . 
  what i miss about germany is that there was n't a need to book tickets in advance for short , commute-like distances - you can show up 5 minutes before your train , buy a fixed price ticket and have the train arrive on time . 
  the german train operators i have experience with are those in the hvv tariff area in the north of germany , which seems to work decently . 
  i 've been on a few db long distance trains and they were fine too , although they are n't perfect . 
  okay , i would n't speak for the db anyway because i have only taken a long distance train about twice in germany , but for example the punctuality average of the metronom is 91-98 % ( estimate from their website ) and for all british trains it was 87 % last year . 
  it 's not a massive difference . 
  maybe it is subjective . 
  i seem to have bad luck with trains being cancelled completely , often . 
  ouch ... 
  yeah , just for clarification , by saying that i can walk up 5 minutes before the train and get a ticket , i meant that i can get a ticket at a unified price - meaning that for commuting routes , the price would be fixed and always low , and that it 's flexible travel as well . 
  or that i can get a ticket for unlimited travel for the day ( 12 $ ) . 
  i 'm aware that walk up tickets are available in the uk , but they 're usually twice the price of the advance tickets and i feel like this is just not feasible for commuting routes . 
  ca n't really comment on the other issue you brought up !, 
  i 'm sure that 's really valuable for the people who are in those less popular areas . 
  where i 'm from trains were pretty frequent ( bremen - hamburg every 30 mins ) , with the trains alternating between stopping at every small town and only stopping a couple times . 
  it seemed to work quite well . 
  thanks for linking to the post , that 's really interesting !, 
  i see this argument a lot and i understand where people are coming from - but at the same time , it 's easy for us ( as people in privileged positions ) to say stuff like that . 
  there 's probably a ton of misinformation spread amongst refugees - which countries are friendly , which countries are n't . 
  a lot of those people know full well that they 'll not be coming back home for many years , maybe forever , so i think it 's reasonable that many are trying to get to a destination they prefer . 
  they 've been travelling through tons of countries on their way to europe - if all of them applied in the first countries they landed in ( greece , turkey ) , they would break down ( turkey is already pretty full ) . 
  then think about which countries follow those - bulgaria , romania , ukraine , poland . 
  most eastern european countries have n't exactly got the reputation of being welcoming towards refugees , so they pass through . 
  and from then on , i really do n't think a distance like denmark-sweden seems like a big deal any more . 
  so , yes !, 
  they could have claimed asylum in denmark , or poland , or ukraine , but they probably held out because they wanted to improve their situation .
