  and why would there be ? 
  get in touch with artists and get an apprenticeship . 
  a friendly reminder that while both of the subreddits that have been linked are ressources for art and tattoos , i hope you 're aware that nothing beats actually getting involved with the artist you have chosen . 
  who you choose is just as important as what you choose . 
  i 'm sure you 've looked for artists , and maybe you have a very specific idea , so why not let the artist draw you up a custom tattoo that suits your body ? 
  it 's part of their job , 
  good point . 
  it 's been said before that the majority of the subscribers there are probably like college age or a bit over , so really not that old . 
  not to mention the general lack of logic there that makes them seem even less grown up ... 
  i 've noticed this before . 
  see , on a basic level i can understand people who do n't want kids - it 's a free world !, 
  each to their own !, 
  but in this sub it goes beyond saying ` woah , i feel a bit left out because i 'm the only one i know who does n't want babies ' - it goes into ridiculing people who do have kids , feeling superior because dae no social life with kids haha am i right ppl with kids never have fun ever !!!, 
  and ( like in the above examples ) raging at children 's presence in social situations . 
  like ok you do n't want kids , but does that mean your siblings , cousins and friends are not allowed them either ? 
  ( god forbid they disturb you ! ) . 
  that would lead to no kids at all being born , and who 's going to be the next generation of stem majors who make brilliant science discoveries while redditors play video games ? 
  i 'm pretty sure ` doing oral ' falls into the spectrum of having sex . 
  regardless , i agree with the poster above : in a way , there is a responsibility ( on both sides ! ), 
  to communicate . 
  it 's been said here that it might be awkward for the girl to make clear she does not want sex , but i am sure there are many ways she could make it clear . 
  for example , if they go home together , she could say : hey , i really like you but i hope you do n't expect something to happen , i 'm not in the mood/whatever . 
  hopefully , this should be understood if the guy has a brain . 
  if he forces himself onto her ( after she said so ) , that would be closer to rape than a scenario where she gets naked , does n't communicate what she wants and ` lets it happen ' . 
  at least that 's my opinion . 
  i know real life situations are n't always as black and white clean cut like these thought models , but i wanted to demonstrate why i agree a girl getting naked in bed with a guy is indeed sending mixed signals . 
  the same goes for a guy getting naked in bed with a girl without clearly stating he does not want anything to happen . 
  hey , you need to be a bit more specific than that  you say commission , but nothing about a price or time frame . 
  you say you hate them , but have you played the original ones that came with the movies ? 
  because ew . 
  i meant the original harry potter games by ea . 
  later on ( from ootp to dh ) they were extensively based on the films . 
  they were pretty boring . 
  agree with you . 
  i study abroad , so i have a german sim card and a british one and obviously only have one in use at a time . 
  fortunately , i have a pretty small wallet ( i 'm a girl and it fits perfectly in my pockets but holds all my cards/money ) which does n't have a sim card holder , but like tiny zip compartments on the inside . 
  it 's still big for a sim card , but it keeps it safe !, 
  i think its name is tatonka plain wallet . 
  i can only recommend it . 
  i disagree !, 
  you have bigger pockets !, 
  i keep my phone , keys and wallet in my pocket and my wallet holds nothing but money/cards . 
  i admire fellow women who are able to lug around a big wallet , but that also seems to require a handbag to store said wallet in ... or carrying it in your hand . 
  i know the moderator personally and i know what you mean , the blog gets a lot of hate but it 's good to know that people appreciate it because it takes a lot of work and dedication to run a blog like that . 
  i do agree that while there is a ton of `` bad tattoo blogs '' , syry takes it a step further because of educational posts and friendly advice . 
  why not both ? 
  some people liked her back then when she did n't do shit like this ... used to be totally different , kind of punk/goth . 
  hell when i was an angsty teenager i liked her . 
  and then she turned into this weird pop princess genre , and married the dude from nickelback . 
  wtf . 
  but i was like 11-13 when i liked her , oh my god . 
  it 's marketed for that audience , is it not ? 
  some people may have held onto that obsession . 
  would be cool if it were still active . 
  say bumper to bumper again :o), 
  oven baked and healthier than the potato alternative , really easy to make . 
  these are pretty much plain , but they get awesome when you bread them ( egg and breadcrumbs ) . 
  thank you !, 
  it tasted awesome as well . 
  might post more stuff here from now , 
  as somebody currently on that phone , reading that title did indeed confuse me . . 
  are you worried about your battery life at all , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i 'm seriously considering getting the z1c as it is literally everything i want , but it bugs me that you ca n't remove the battery . 
  i 'm off contract so i 'd end up using it at least 2-3 years ( hopefully ) and i 'm worried i 'll stand there with a drained battery and no easy/cheap way to replace it . 
  plus , glass case . 
  so beautiful , but so breakable . 
  nice to see someone else with a w !, 
  mine is getting pretty sluggish now , which is why i 'm looking to replace it , but i 'm actually impressed by how well it held up . 
  i had to replace the battery last summer which seriously improved the performance . 
  battery is now pretty drained again though :( with daily usage it 's normal i assume . 
  not to mention i 've dropped it a million times and it does n't have a scratch . 
  not that complicated  for about 8 patties ( which fed me for 2 meals , haha ) you need :, 
  one ( medium ) zucchini , shredded or cut into tiny pieces . 
  half an onion ( or more if you 'd like ) . 
  one or two eggs . 
  ( recipe called for one but it was too dry . 
  experiment . ), 
  mix everything in a bowl ; it should all look mushy but not watery . 
  add garlic , salt , pepper to taste . 
  form into patties - if you have the right balance of egg and dry ingredients , they should stick together pretty well . 
  then cook in a pan with your oil of choice ; about 3 minutes on each side or until they reach your desired crispyness . 
  mhm . 
  well , this is reddit . 
  on the internet . 
  if you post something , expect criticism . 
  ah , that explains a lot . 
  i was looking for it the other day cus my girlfriend is a huge pokemon fan and i wanted to theme her phone up . 
  have n't found an alternative yet . 
  that tickled me , haha . 
  lady of the 7 continents , khaleesi of the music industry , princess of microphone , breaker of ears . 
  wish i had somebody say this to me a year ago . 
  in the end , serious problems need professional help . 
  a boyfriend/girlfriend unfortunately ca n't be a therapist at the same time . 
  ugh , i agree . 
  i 'm on a creative arts course ( photgraphy , graphic design , illustration , film ) and i ca n't even count the number of people who 've told me they bought a mac , just for uni . 
  when i ask why , the reply is : because i 'm studying art now and `` real graphic designers/illustrators have a mac '' . 
  that just makes me a bit sad inside , i personally prefer pcs as i 'm used to them and i know it 's perfectly possible to achieve the same ( or even better ) results on a pc with a desktop . 
  english is n't my first language and i was unsure how to refer to devices that are not macs . 
  i did n't want to say windows because other os exist , so would i be more correct to say ` pcs that are n't macs ' ? 
  yes , i have noticed this as well .
