as a german , i 've never heard a joke about jews all my life . 
  this made me laugh way too hard . 
  i 've only had a handful of nightmares in my life , and consider myself really lucky because of that . 
  only one i really remember was when i was about 10 . 
  all of my friends gathered to push me off a bridge . 
  i did n't die , just fell , instead ended up in a dark , deserted world . 
  the only person i met was one of my friends , who then proceeded to tell me no one had ever loved me . 
  for a 10-year-old , that 's pretty awful . 
  apparently i 'm one of those people who are hard to text . 
  you know , those people you do n't like who give short answers on everything . 
  never thought i was being like that myself . 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but german has more articles than die !, 
  and glitter happens to be male . 
  source : i 'm german, 
  some background : they are a long distance couple . 
  he is a 18-year old student from the netherlands . 
  she is a 26-year old single mother from the us . 
  they have met up once so far . 
  i did n't want to post those pictures , because what i find cringeworthy is not them , just the way they edited some of their pictures ... 
  ` you 'll be okay ' . 
  oh , do you mean you know them in real life ? 
  i only know them because they are quite active in the ldr community on tumblr . 
  look how impressed the girls are . 
  look how emotional he got . 
  just beautiful . 
  a perfect example of the positive effect the internet can have - oh wait . 
  i 'm german and gay , that adds up to -85 . 
  everybody check your privileges . 
  thank youuu !, 
  good luck !, 
  oh stop it ; - ; thank you !, 
  i agree that she has awesome hair , 
  we agree, 
  you just made her very happy by saying that haha, 
  i 'm studying for my biology finals . 
  thank you . 
  available . 
  english is n't my first language . 
  i 'd say it 's a problem that many women have , and not thin privilege . 
  and it 's because underwear is displayed it shops based on demand , so if you do n't fall into the a-c cup category you can sorta argue you 're oppressed , too , because in most shops the larger sizes are not at the front . 
  whatever . 
  this is just another example of people complaining about practical life . 
  is there a way to fix the formatting ? 
  all the hats are making it really hard to read anything ... 
  i once thought it 'd be a great idea to put my finger in a mixer . 
  i thought it 'd brush against it lightly and be fun . 
  no it was n't . 
  it got painfully stuck and bent back so far that i was surprised it did n't break . 
  my girlfriend and i came up with some names , in case that 's still relevant . 
  we had way too much fun doing this , i might as well post them here now . 
  avril lasagne, 
  simple flan, 
  grease lightning, 
  buffet for my valentine, 
  all time low bloodpressure, 
  as tall as lion bars ( as tall as lions ), 
  barenaked pastries ( barenaked ladies ), 
  the battle of land and whale ( the battle of land and sea ), 
  the snackout ( the blackout ), 
  noah and the whale ( no pun needed here ), 
  full mouth boy, 
  the devil wears pasta, 
  of mice and ramen, 
  la grapefruit ( la dispute ), 
  large dish house mafia, 
  pierce the veal, 
  mumford and scones, 
  bruno mars bar, 
  johnny mash, 
  bombay mix bicycle club, 
  your story made me laugh just as much as always . 
  it has reached the point where i 'm wondering how far this can ever go . 
  i 'm not embarrassed to admit that the fact that four of my band puns made it in here makes me incredibly proud . 
  never seen one where i live in europe , and i do n't even want to think about what would happen if we did have them and the occasional hamplanet got their hands on it . 
  it 's also a british thing . 
  it might just be personal preference . 
  i 'm german and perfectly aware that people dunk them . 
  i still do n't . 
  haha i 'm glad we 're on the same page then . 
   the first oreos i had were actually the aldi brand ones that my friends introduced to me . 
  i soon discovered the world of oreos though and have n't looked back since :p, 
  i 'm pretty sure they have them in many stores now . 
  our famila has them , i believe . 
  might be at edeka , too . 
  life is tough . 
  hope you 'll find some . 
  i 'm from europe and i second this . 
  while it may be true that we have less fat person mass in relation to normal sized people , it should stay that way . 
  i did learn about healthy food and how nutrition works , i hope that everyone else does too . 
  i have to say i 'm surprised he did n't bring a 1000 calorie starbucks drink ( the usual extra sugary , extra creamy hamplanet edition ) . 
  but the fatlogic seems strong with him . 
  wow . 
  my answer would be the hunger games . 
  i personally was surprised to find out that fans seem to criticise it ( at least i read so on the internet ) . 
  i am a big fan of the books , and i have to say that the film did not disappoint me . 
  for the first time , i saw an adaptation where the changes did n't feel wrong or too far off . 
  the filmography and sparse usage of music was very appropriate and delivered the atmosphere of the book in a way that i had n't thought was possible . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  hammila unites the neglecting parents + that cruel teacher in one person . 
  matilda ( sunflower ) suddenly finds a person who understands her and encourages playing with dogs instead of raisin ' the beetus levels .
