  can still eat it for breakfast every day lol . 
  i 'm very close to my cousins ( 10 and 6 ) . 
  they 're both super bright kids . 
  the older one did believe in santa until he was about 7 , but santa is a different story as the entire world tries to make kids believe that . 
  their parents tried to keep it up for as long as possible because it 's nice for the kids . 
  it was his younger sister actually who realised it was n't real first haha . 
  i 've seen both of them go through crazed fandom phases together - harry potter , star wars , pokemon . 
  at no point , however , was there a doubt over whether any of those are real . 
  the younger one even expresses constantly that ` it would be very cool if pokemon was real - but i know they do n't live in our world . 
  they live in the fairly tale world ' . 
  the older one , too , has always seemed very able to distinguish fact and fiction . 
  i do n't think there 's something wrong with the kid in the post - seems different from my experiences with kids , but i 'm sure there 's contributing factors we do n't know about . 
  maybe he was encouraged from lots of different sources . 
  maybe he does n't read a lot of books in general and this first real contact with fiction threw him off . 
  either way , i 'm sure he 'll bounce back from it . 
  kids are tough . 
  ( my cousin was literally depressed because he was n't allowed a real hp wand last year and now he does n't even care anymore ) . 
  all of that sounds like food heaven :( as a student away from home i 'm so jealous of big family meals . 
  especially the thought of a bbq . 
  i know it 's possible to make nice food for a small number of people ( 2 ) but it 's simply more reasonable when there 's more people . 
  awesome photography !, 
  the costume is obviously sick but only a good photographer can bring that out  i tried to follow the fb to see whether there was more - any chance there 's an album or something ? 
  sadly i live abroad so getting home is n't always as easy as it should be . 
  i 'm probably spending the holidays here ( with my partners family ) - but hey , that means lots of british holiday food which i 'm 900 % okay with . 
  them roasts . 
  cool !, 
  thanks for the link , i 'll check back for more . 
  there 's already a few comics like that but i agree it would always help to have more material to sort of spread the thought - make everyone stop and think ` what if ' . 
  ( illustrator here , i like the idea , maybe worth to do something about this in the future ) . 
  i like the thought - question is , what would be the aim of that ? 
  it 's fair enough ( although it 's been done before ) to demonstrate that there 's a different perspective ( ` this does n't happen to you but it sucks ! ' ) . 
  but what sort of actions could women even hope to get in return ? 
  what is the main lesson to be learnt for men ? 
  what 's the incentive for them to do anything ? 
  what would stop them from saying ` but life is n't like that , so why should i care ' ? 
  why does that sadden you ? 
  it 's not like this has any impact on anybody living here in the uk . 
  well , the queen is n't exactly important to me/anyone i know . 
  i ask because i 'm curious why someone would take such an interest in this , especially if they do n't live in the uk ( seemed like that from the comment ) . 
  i 'm not denying that she 's important ? 
  ( whether she should be important is a different question , but sadly we do n't get a choice in that matter ) . 
  i thought this was about whether her life had any influence on uk citizens . 
  the fact that she 's been queen for so long does n't seem to have any tangible consequences - whether she ` reigns ' for some more or is succeeded by her heir does n't really have any political importance ? 
  and besides the political level , to me personally the news also do n't hold any relevance ? 
  i scrolled by it on reddit and checked out the comments because i was bored ( doubt i 'd have even heard about the headline otherwise as i do n't watch tv ) . 
  i 've always been intrigued by people who make comments about how they 'd like to be british . 
  no offense . 
  because no - i do n't discuss the queen with my partner , friends or family . 
  nobody cares about her . 
  i mean , you can argue to which extent she has power ( politically or not ) , and you can argue about whether she should be replaced by an elected head of state , you can argue whether she 's `` value for money '' or whether the royal spending is out of control - but i think the most interesting thing of it all is that the british public seems divided between `` moderate interest '' and `` really do n't care '' . 
  like , i 'm fairly sure that nobody i know is interested in her in any way . 
  that 's what i find fascinating . 
  i 'm a european living in the uk , not native , so my view is probably influenced by that . 
  uh , okay , i think you 're just trying to pick a fight with me now . 
  haha . 
   it 's not surprising in the slightest that someone would desire to have her as their ceremonial head of state . 
  is it , really ? 
  from my point of view it is a bit strange . 
  but i rest my case . 
  we 'll both just stick to our own opinions . 
  i actually really enjoy the discussions people have about strategies ( how to beat levels ) , bugs , glitches , helpful tools , merchandise , other spry fox stuff . 
  or sharing proud moments like when you get a 15 letter word , to show off your skills . 
  but there 's probably lots more , 
  i think you 're on to something - dany ponders ( in acoc/asosi think ) the children , and how they are not really the three heads of the dragon , that something is missing . 
  she obviously does n't know about our jonny boy . 
  do you guys hire designers at all , even if it 's not at the moment ? 
  ( and if so , what kind ? ), 
  i remember when my friends and i used to challenge each other to walk through a batch of them ( wearing a t shirt , shorts and gummistiefel , of course ) . 
  i moved from germany to the uk and they 're just as common here . 
  i 'm from germany and we seem to have more shootings ( especially school shootings ) than some other european countries . 
  in all the recent examples i can remember , the desperate/mentally ill/vengeful murderer got the weapon ( or multiple weapons ) from his father 's gun case . 
  because in germany , while we do have stricter gun laws than in the us , sport shooting is still a widely popular pastime and it turns out that some people are bad at locking up their guns . 
  i 'm trying to think of a way to blame it on feminism , but i just ca n't : /, 
  completely agree with this . 
  i commented above about shootings in germany , where shooters often use guns they take from their fathers/sport club 's supply . 
  locking guns up properly , making them harder to access , would probably have prevented a few incidents . 
  gun laws are stricter in germany than in the us , but still not as strict as , for example , the uk . 
  go and check out the wikipedia pages for school shootings by country . 
  you know who virtually has no incidents ? 
  the uk . 
  because guns are n't accessible . 
  thanks for the link . 
  that was unexpectedly hilarious . 
  are you saying that it 's related to the german word wolf ? 
  i find it hard to believe that grrm would go for that . 
  as a native speaker i do n't personally think it 's a good link at all - the pronunciation of the noun wolf and the letter 12 are much too different and i doubt there 's a linguistic link . 
  if you turn wolf into plural ( w\u00f6lfe ) it 's still a bit iffy ( because of the e ) . 
  i 'd agree with the other posters saying he took it from older accounts . 
  just thought i 'd put in my 2 cents as a german who 's obsessed with language haha . 
  edit : btw , good luck learning deutsch , 
  is it just me or is there no option to sort on the ps4 app ? 
  it 's super frustrating to browse the selection as opposed to the desktop version . 
  nobody seems to have watched leverage :( such a great show . 
  yeah , my girlfriend and i met on the internet . 
  besides the times we met up , text messages and skype conversationsfrom the early days are definitely moments to look back to . 
  but they get less profound if you proclaim you 'll look back on them like this dude did . 
  yeah , coming out to your family is only valid if done in a joke setting , and the family member must respond with a punchline ( parents would never make any non-hilarious comments about their children 's sexuality ) . 
  i hope the mum promptly replaced this one inappropriate shirt with another inappropriate shirt , one that makes a cheeky reference to jugs or bushes !, 
  you wo n't believe what this mum got her daughter to make her feel like that her sexuality was accepted !, 
  that 's about the price of a fancy drink at starbucks/costa in the uk .
