  my uni has a lot of macs and often runs workshops to teach us how to use them . 
  i can see myself learning how to use them but what i 'm getting at is that i do n't prefer them and i find it fascinating that it 's an industry standard that 's basically forced on people . 
  i know there 's loads of different os . 
  i personally only have experience with windows and linux , but i 'm aware there 's other possibilities . 
  i 'm just not that sure in my terminology . 
  also , it was n't even revealed if she was of age when they were in germany since it was set in the past . 
  might be american ? 
  interestingly enough the us women 's team seems a lot more successful ( competetive ) than their men 's team . 
  the german team does better than their male countetparts too ... 
  hey there , cool study !, 
  just a heads up - did n't do the survey as my phone model is n't included in your drop down menu . 
  samsung galaxy w i8150 . 
  there is a lot of greek people here ... i 'm in uni and i was baffled by the amount of them ... 
  if you 're paying attention to singular players , there 's better ones out there ... thomas m\u00fcller has scored more goals already . 
  but i agree with the other posters here saying that players are n't all that makes it a good world cup . 
  those are completely different things ( a whole group of fans vs a couple of very weird ones ) . 
  it works the other way around , too . 
  girlfriend and i both are on reddit and there is few things we can ever show each other because we 've both seen it . 
  at least you get to retell jokes you 've seen on reddit and do n't get interrupted with ` seen it ' . 
  same here . 
  at least the two of us are on very different subreddits . 
  i usually manage to get her with / r/nottheonion headlines . 
  german living in the uk . . have to say there 's a lot more immigrants here than in germany ... our biggest group of immigrants are turkish people and they 're still sitting below 10 % , compare that to birmingham or london ( often above 50 % ) . 
  if there were those numbers of ~ evil foreigners ~ in german cities then some people would say a lot more about it , too . 
  germany is n't all that pc . 
  oh my god really ??? 
  i 'm gon na pay a bit less than 100 # a week in birmingham and thought that was bad : s, 
  do n't you think that was a bit unnecessary lol, 
  haha , i see where you 're coming from . 
  i 'm here to study and i watch all of the discussion about leaving the eu with raised eyebrows - i do n't see how that will solve all of your problems at all . 
  i hope it wo n't change the way i can travel to the uk now . 
  as a eu passport holder , i can take flights between my home country and the uk without bothering with visas and it 's a real life saver . 
  if you do tighten your borders , yeah it might keep immigrants out - but it 'll also keep out people who 'd bring something good to your country . 
  before screaming about how bad immigration is , maybe the uk should look all the problems it has ( cough education system ) and what else beside shutting the world out might help . 
  i 've been reading through this thread with a lot of curiousity . 
  i live in the uk , have lived in germany and seen a lot of other european countries ( and taken trains there ! ) . 
  the differences are just huge , i 'm sure you do n't need me to bang about it ( main points being : availability , schedules , prices ) . 
  the accounts in this thread about the state of us train travel make it sound like everyone would much rather drive ( short distance ) or fly ( long distance ) . 
  train travel does n't seem to have a place in the states - do you believe that it needs to be an option ? 
  is it even realistic ? 
  your comment sounds like you believe it is needed and i 'm interested to hear more about it . 
  edit : i saw another comment by you further down in the thread , i really like what you said . 
  i agree that public transit is definitely more future proof than relying on cars , but america is a huge country and , like you said , decades behind ... 
  it 'll be interesting to see how this issue will be handled . 
  do you know what actually caused that ? 
  i keep seeing posts about it ( on tumblr ) , seems so unnecessary . 
  did n't hear about that ( tumblr users obviously want to make themselves sound innocent ) . 
  i know there was always rivalry ( it 's on reddit , too ) but i also see posts that threaten to hack accounts . 
  whether or not they are serious i think that 's a step too far . 
  i actually am subscribed to that , but because of moving flats ( = no internet ) i have n't really been able to spend that much time educating myself about the latest shitlord stuff from tumblr . 
  thank you so much for the link , that is really helpful . 
  it 's less about football , in this case . 
  you have to look at the actual history . 
  to make it brief , east germany had been run into the ground by the communist government . 
  they could n't really support themselves , so it made sense for the west to absorb the east !, 
  i doubt there was ever really a fight about which team would ` win ' , since it all came down to the west trying to reunite . 
  the east did n't really have a claim to be the new team , so to speak . 
  although i am merely making assumptions here . 
  i 'm on my phone and ca n't really look for sources , so i just tried to explain it with my knowledge of my country 's history . 
  and other countries probably have different stories !, 
  i think that 's a bit of a big assumption  not every english person eats an english breakfast for breakfast , not every dutch person likes chocolate sprinkles . 
  source : dutch friends , been to holland . 
  different people , different lives , 
  i 'm in uni in engand , and hell i know people like that . 
  they are everywhere . 
  did n't expect to laugh in this thread , thanks for that, 
  what do you mean ? 
  that 's just the british spelling . 
  just a sketch !, 
  a sketch for you  http://imgur.com/tisz53z, 
  i really loved this picture !, 
  thanks !, 
  sketch for you . 
  i focused on the dog a bit more :d, 
  thank you !, 
  that 's so nice of you to say !, 
  i personally only came back here today , as a way to practice drawing and find commissions . 
  great to hear encouragement !, 
  really glad you liked it , 
  my sketch for you !, 
  this was actually fun to draw . 
  ( might add colour , not sure ) . 
  cool picture !, 
  glad you like it !, 
  that 's funny , i only do the pencil thing so no one can repost/print/trace my art , hahaha . 
  definitely not for aesthetic purposes  check out my other submissions if you 'd like , this was probably the one i spent the least amount of time on . 
  could n't be bothered to get my colours out , so here 's just a pencil sketch , hope that 's ok . http://imgur.com/c6plba4, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm glad you like the style  it 's definitely deliberate to put those lines and shapes in , i find that it can add to the expression of a drawing much simpler than other details can . 
  glad you like it !, 
  i think this may only work in an american accent ... 
  here 's mine !, 
  super cute picture . 
  ( it looks super edited but all i tried was to get the contrast up a bit , i do n't have a scanner ), 
  i think your style is great !, 
  definitely went out of my comfort zone here , i usually do n't like drawing kids . 
  that made me smile !, 
  thanks for the love , 
  reaaaally quick sketch with marker pens . 
  faber castell pitt artist pens  i use them because they 're india ink and you can go over them with water based paint .
