  i did n't proclaim that men are never victims at all . 
  i 'm just sceptical of abuse against men being used as an argument to invalidate female abuse . 
  you 've lost me there . 
  i stopped reading at ` men are disposable ' . 
  there 's no point having this discussion because i think our view points are too far apart and i ca n't sit here and argue about this all day . 
  hope you have a good day . 
  ( also the dailymail is not a viable source ) . 
  i agree with you . 
  6 hours just for the outline and a bit of colour is slooow . 
  i understand that the rest had to be spread over a few sessions . 
  sounds like the artist did n't charge him for all the 14 hours though , which is good . 
  honestly if he had it would be a ripoff . 
  just a heads up , be really careful anyway . 
  it 's hard to tell from a picture but to me it does look a bit infected . 
  keep it very clean , maybe use a bit of anti septic to be safe . 
  and as others have said do n't use a bandage again while it 's healing , 
  does that make someone less female ? 
  right on , think about it this way - as a straight dude it 'll be way easier for you to find a straight girl . 
  as a gay girl i can assure you it is much more common to like someone and then find out that the girl is straight ( because more people are straight ) . 
  statistics are on your side here , haha . 
  on the off chance that this is not a troll post , i 'll just comment on this ( in case somebody is actually unaware why a situation like that is super fucked up ) . 
  dude , what 's wrong with you ? 
  ` tricks ' to help you get what you want ? 
  if you are serious about this , you need to take a step back and read what you wrote . 
  note how it is all about you ? 
  you 're not actually concerned about your girlfriend . 
  you do n't actually respect her and you do n't actually understand how depression works ( using terms like ` help her get over it ' ) . 
  if you did , you 'd stop thinking about it like she owes you something . 
  let me put this in perspective : a relationship is a partnership . 
  you 're meant to support each other . 
  if you broke your leg or fell chronically ill or had anxiety , how would you want her to treat you ? 
  how would you feel if she was manipulating and using you at your weakest ? 
  i know the ` give and take ' is n't always equal when one party of the relationship is depressed , but as a partner it 'd be your obligation to give unconditional support . 
  you do n't have to be selfless , you just have to be a partner . 
  if it does n't feel fair ? 
  you have to grow up and deal with it . 
  and if you ca n't do that or do n't want to do that , then it 's time to walk out . 
  no shame in that !, 
  nobody is forcing you to be with her . 
  but dude do n't treat her like you are now , she deserves better . 
  the knowledge that those disgusting idiots on trp exist is so traumatising that i can only handle it by reading tbp where sanity and jokes assure me that humanity is n't fully lost . 
  haha thank you for this . 
  i rolled my eyes especially at jefferson 's continuous mention of that contest . 
  it 's confusing because if stuff like that gets mentioned over and over again , you expect something to happen . 
  but so far , most of those repetitions have n't led to anything . 
  ( i.e , no choice for entering the contest and no consequences , no consequences regarding ms. grant and david ) . 
  and then there 's just themes that get thrown in our faces . 
  i know the game means well but personally some phrases just end up seeming overused - for example max and chloe constantly mentioning that they used to be pirates , running around arcadia bay , when nothing seemed to matter . 
  i see us as pirates , max !, 
  do you remember when we were just little pirates ? 
  that 's probably one of the most satisfying theories i 've read . 
  i 'm not big on the supernatural explanations and i also do n't support the ` chloe has to die ' thing , so i 'm starting to believe more and more that rachel as a spiritual power is involved somehow . 
  it would make sense that she wants to bring justice to the town that loved and killed her . 
  after ` showing max the way ' , i wonder how else she will attempt to influence the present ... 
  no , it seems like they all park together , seeing as mr. jeffersons car can be seen . 
  my money is on principal wells , btw . 
  hey there !, 
  love the shirts , would it be okay if i request something ? 
  ( i 'd probably try to figure it out myself but it 's worth a shot ) . 
  that 's awesome , must have missed it . 
  cheers . 
  i think the hair kind of happened with the light . 
  i was happy with how it looked together with the rest of the room and figured chloe would n't mind it  glad you like the wall !, 
  was a lot of fun putting it together . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way , but i 'm really wondering how i contribute to ` anime weirdness ' with this drawing . 
  i 'm an illustrator from europe who is not interested in anime at all . 
  this was meant to be a celebration of two characters , showcasing the bond that i think they have , with a hint of the vulnerability they have revealed go each other . 
  i 'm totally against the sexualisation of stuff that does n't need to be about sex , but nothing is ` on show ' or implied here . 
  glad you liked the addition !, 
  thanks . 
  thank you for your comment !, 
  i appreciate that you can understand my perspective . 
  not only does it take seconds , it 's such a routine action . 
  like , because i 've literally been doing it every time i get in a car since i can think , it 's almost an automated action , one of those things you do without thinking much . 
  and i 'm sure it is like that/can be like that for everyone . 
  not just directed to the op of this , more a question to people on this sub in general - does anyone like this type of content anymore ? 
  do n't wan na sound rude but i feel like the whole ` any sentence with a genital or the word gay in it is automatically funny !!! ', 
  deal has gotten very old very quick . 
  i 'm sure everyone who 's played the game has seen it enough . 
  this sub is n't that active and any contribution might help , but i 'd love to see some original , actually unexpected phrases instead of just seeing a screen cap that has ` tit ' or ` cock ' in it . 
  i do n't even see how these are that funny ( like ... 
  the word matte serves no context whatsoever ? ) . 
  or maybe i 've just been playing the game do long i 've become desensitised , lol . 
  it takes some time from chapter 6 on to progress , but i think it 's nice that the game is a bit challenging . 
  you have to really think about what bears to use ( especially in 7 ) and you do get huge bonuses after you level up your bears through the challenges . 
  tea bear & coffee bear are absolute beasts after leveling , and helped me clear lvl 7 dailies too . 
  i 'd try to ignore the ( ridiculously ) badly leveled bears , haha . 
  i definitely agree about the legendaries though , i feel pretty cheated . 
  i 'm trying to beat the level 7 boss and i ca n't even be bothered to do more treasure hunts because none of the legendaries would actually help me . 
  i 'm sick of burger bear and hawaiian bear . 
  that 's such a cute story , thanks for sharing !, 
  ( hope that does n't come as weird , it just made me smile ), 
  coming to the uk too in october , 
  the pain from her arms must have been excruciating - and then she had broken ribs on top of that . 
  holy shit . 
  i have no clue but i would assume that it 's survival driven , however that may look biologically - it 's not like you 'd have a choice in that situation . 
  it 's lying there and definitely die or get up and maybe not die . 
  it 's amazing that she was coherent enough to make that decision ( if it was fully conscious ) . 
  i also recommend adding something besides salt and pepper , i 've been using a herb blend . 
  been using that same mix for about a year ( if you want i 'll look up what 's in it because it 's glorious ) .
