  speaking a language does n't mean you 're going to be a good teacher - when it comes to explaining why grammar works a certain way , it can be difficult . 
  most people never have to confront their own language that way . 
  yeah , i agree there 's a huge difference between those - was commenting to add thoughts to u/uptheiron 's theory that ( as a generalisation ) it can be really difficult to teach something you 're very knowledgeable about . 
  a lot of people think that being an expert automatically means you 'll be a great teacher , which is a misconception imo . 
  i agree , it 's naive to make assumptions - i think that 's what i find interesting about it , that you can really tell how many americans romanticise their ancestry . 
  note this part ( in a comment ) :, 
  ' i would fit in better with the farmers and fishermen than the wealthy people , though , and that 's the ones i would want to be talking to -- the ones whose families have been there for centuries . ', 
  you can tell in a way that op really thought about this - even what kind of people they 'd belong to ( not the posh people , of course ) - thought about this country that some ancestor 's once came from , but have n't been to in years and hold no other relation to . 
  that 's such a dissonance to europe today , where people generally are n't interested this much in their genealogy . 
  i 'm not saying this maliciously , because this obviously is n't harmful or offensive sas . 
  it 's just an illustration of the cultural differences between europeans and americans imo . 
  i 'm glad someone else pointed this out , that 's the line that made me shake my head , too . 
  how else are you going to defend yourself from the muslim invasion if not with a gun ? 
  oh shit , that explains why europeans ca n't fight back . 
  the muslininists already have complete control of the whole country . 
  not even guns can save them now , not from the tight grasp of shakira 's hips . 
  i would probably guess that this could be similar in the uk , where there is a similar two party system ( it is a little but more spread out than in the us , but since greens and the left/far right never gain much it 's very much a liberal vs conservative debate ) . 
  you could actually observe the phenomenon mentioned above quite well in the recent brexit debate : people would immediately make horrible assumptions about the ` other side ' . 
  incidents of racial abuse actually increased alongside the political debate because ( i assume , am not a political scientist ) the political tension acted as a catalyst to vilify and discriminate against the ` enemy ' . 
  in the uk 's case , that 's mainly directed against eastern europeans - opening up a discussion of whether it can be racism when most americans literally think all europeans are ` just white ' and technically ` the same race ' . 
  clearly it 's a cluster of things ( political identity vs the concept of nationality vs perceived ethnicity ) and i 'm not sure how well this translates to the us . 
  the comment about bread is so accurate . 
  was bringing back so much flour from germany to england that border control thought i was bringing in cocaine . 
  all for good bread . 
  oh no , nothing like that - i started out with bread mixes ( because i found that the ready made mixes from germany are nicer , but maybe that 's just me ) . 
  i 've tried to make my own since but i still find it quite terrifying , 
  i 've been lurking on r/breadit for a while , working up the courage to give it a try myself because people like you have successfully stories . 
  been travelling a bit this month but i 've been planning to give it a go for ages . 
  maybe this is the push i needed !, 
  ( i 'm currently visiting back home in germany and i never want to leave ... wish i could take all the bread ) . 
  it 's so nice of you to type your recipe up , thank you !, 
  i already have a decent pizza dough , and recently made a decent attempt at fladenbrot - look forward to trying this . 
  not the op you replied to , but i 've been to south korea and got a good impression of what white people & english speakers are treated like as i met up with an american friend and went out exploring alone , too . 
  it 's quite interesting because of the strong military presence america has in korea . 
  my british girlfriend and i were frequently mistook as americans - even heard that some koreans thought english originated there . 
  they 100 % treated us completely differently from my other friends ( other parts of asia ) that visited as well . 
  they would comment on our white skin , height , piercings and tattoos . 
  not always positively ... but always politely . 
  people sometimes fell over themselves to accommodate us . 
  i am very sure that they would n't treat other tourists like that - it made us pretty uncomfortable , actually . 
  it 's a bit creepy to be treated differently - like a celebrity , almost - because of what you look like . 
  really glad to have found this comment chain . 
  i 'm german & did my entitre degree abroad , so reading about americans wanting to come to study in germany does n't immediately seem like a bad idea to me ( we can all learn a lot by living in a different country ) . 
  but then it always turns out that they never do any research and have this completely romanticised notion of europe in their head . 
  it 'll be free ! , they say . 
  it 'll be an adventure !, 
  and then they forget about the language ( i can not stress enough how vital it is to be fluent in german , and how hard it is to achieve in a short amount of time unless you are ridiculously gifted/have a german partner ) . 
  and about being hundred of miles away from home . 
  and what if it 's not what they expect ? 
  i know of an american exchange student who had a breakdown in the uk because she could n't handle the banter : /, 
  what mountain was that ? 
  sounds glorious . 
  thank you so much for tagging me . 
  lmao , what a dick . 
  copying the exact title maybe was n't a smart move . 
  thanks so much for calling op out , i really appreciate the correct credit and linking the other drawing for others to see !, 
  i 'm the actual artist , feel free to go through my post history !, 
  you seem really passionate about this and it 's so great ( ` grey flour sauce ' ) , i completely agree . 
  american cooking , or american cooking opinions , dominate this website and as i get older and more serious about cooking i 've been noticing it more . 
  other examples that come to mind : italian-americans discussing lasagna and bolognese and pizza recipes as if they are god 's fucking representatives on this earth and no one else has any authority ( ` my great great grand mother used to use red wine , therefore it 's law ' ) . 
  and also that hilarious disaster when an american tried a yorkshire pudding recipe without knowing what it was . 
  very similar situation ( german , midlands/60 % area , british girlfriend , nice parents but voted leave ) . 
  some people ( like some of these comments ) simply do n't get it , i think . 
  saying stuff like ` but you 'll be fine ' , ` you can get on with it ' seem to just ignore what actually happened ... 
  feels like such a slight , both from people i know personally and from a country that i expected to be modern and civilised . 
  from the comments :, 
   `` in some cases there 's some shared heritage or things that have been passed down related to their heritage . 
  the only things for me , being irish , scottish , german , and greek in decent , can hold my liquor . '', 
  * clenches fist *, 
  can we stop it already with the assumption that having distant ancestors in countries known for drinking culture has a profound impact on you ? 
  i seem to recall that genetically , people from asia can genuinely have difficulty metabolising alcohol , but why , oh why , do so many people have to act like their european genes have ` passed on ' the ability to drink more ? 
  my grandfather 's family fled from pomerania to germany , i guess you could say i have some eastern genes , too - it 's totally the most interesting thing about me that i need to constantly relay to strangers !, 
  it 's almost like migration is a very common human experience that has happened in various degrees of distance and relevance since the beginning of human history * shrugs *, 
  i honestly never encountered the whole ` picking apart every branch on the family tree and form stereotyped narrative ' phenomenon until i went on reddit . 
  guess when you live in the usa you got ta prove you 're diverse \u00ae !, 
   your knees on the other hand ought to get a fruit basket, 
  thanks for the chuckle . 
  this just completely blew my mind . 
  that explains so much !, 
  great reference pic !, 
  [ my instagram ] ( https://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart/ ), 
  [ only had time for a sketch !, 
  really nice photo set , 
  [ my instagram ] ( https://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart/ ), 
  [ i do n't know how to draw guns but gave the hero thing a go ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3ddnxmx.jpg ), 
  also [ my instagram ] ( https://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart/ ), 
  thanks dude , glad you like the style . 
  i did try to make it look a bit worn by adding a few tears but i expect anyone would look a lot dirtier in case of an apocalypse, 
  wow , thank you !!, 
  means a lot !, 
  a bit rough !!, 
  [ my instagram ] ( https://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart/ ), 
  love the background !, 
  [ my instagram ] ( https://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart/ ), 
  thank you so much , / u/rikarae !, 
  i was hesitant about coming back to this sub ( i used to post here years ago ) , this defo cheered me on !, 
  your picture really inspired me !, 
  i 'm actually not sure if animation is allowed in this sub , but it 's technically still an illustration . 
  my [ instagram ] ( https://www.instagram.com/lesleyimgart/ ), 
  thanks man ( and for following , too ) .
