  ( hope this was acceptable ), 
  same in german , cool to see how many languages share this . 
  ( i know i 'm late to this party lmao ) . 
  you 're definitely not alone - i love hate binging ( what a great word ! ), 
  on it because it 's a bit like a morbid fascination - the sub is such a train wreck . 
  my gf is like you though , makes her too upset . 
  she 's forbidden me from reading them to her now . 
  god , in this thread it extends far beyond europe , i noticed this other gem :, 
  ` are japanese and koreans different races ? 
  is n't that like texans being ` racist ' against californians ? ', 
  had to physically restrain myself from commenting . 
  oh my god , why are americans ' ideas about ethnicity and identity so tied to what they know about their country only ? 
  is it fathomable for them to imagine that these concepts might be different in every corner of the world ? 
  why not look shit up before making assumptions ? 
  i 'm german and i learned french and english ( and spanish ) at school - confused now , does that mean that france did n't surrender hard enough ? 
  according to this logic , american \u2122 should be the only language i speak . 
   admits that gay people are oppressed, 
   ... only does it to further racist agenda, 
  in that thread someone is also trying to say that americans somehow contributed to german unity 1989 . 
  gross . 
  reading these comments as a girl who has zero interest in makeup is pretty interesting . 
  those comments that op is talking about still infuriate me because i dislike men judging women for something they clearly have no clue about . 
  you know which ones i mean - ` women are lying about who they are !!, 
  all women are liars !, 
  false advertisement !! ' . 
  those comments are really stupid because women are not products and do not need to sell themselves to men who ca n't tell that blue eyelids are n't natural , thank-you-very-much . 
  at the same time , countering those comments with ` make up is not for anyone but me ' also does n't seem completely sincere - i mean , there must be larger things at work here ? 
  like insecurity and social conditioning . 
  i think it 's very refreshing when women like you are honest and admit that makeup is n't entirely ` for them ' . 
  the thing is - there 's nothing wrong with either positions . 
  why would i judge women who have an interest in makeup ? 
  good for them !, 
  they probably do n't care for my hobbies . 
  and why would i judge women who feel pressured into wearing makeup by the superficial and patriarchic society they were raised in ? 
  that 's the crux of it , as it is so often with how female attractiveness is displayed and valued in this society . 
  you are quite literally damned if you do and damned if you do n't . 
  men are intimidated and annoyed by women who use makeup to ` look different ' as they feel it 's ` hiding ' their natural face , but men ( and the society they have shaped ) judge women relentlessly for the way they look . 
  look at magazines . 
  the internet . 
  your local high school . 
  everywhere you go women are criticised and pressured to look as hot as they can - for men , mainly . 
  makeup has become a huge part of that . 
  even if one individual man claims he only likes natural women , i am convinced that the patriarchy at large certainly does not . 
  ` why do you look so tired ? ', 
  - ` you really should try wearing make up ' - ` you 'd look so much better ' . 
  can anyone blame women for being pressured into this whole dressing up and putting up makeup thing ? 
  and when that one nice guy \u2122 comes along and , oh he is so angry that stupid women are vapid and selfish and care too much about looks , and , well , he does n't want to date someone who is so obsessed with how they look , and why ca n't you just not wear it ? 
  - then he is the one who does not grasp how this world works , because women did n't choose to be objectified and bombarded with mixed messaged about their looks . 
  from reading comments like yours there really seem to be a number of women who are simply too insecure about the way they look naturally to go out into public and meet people without makeup . 
  i 'll just go out there and say i think it 's a damn shame and should n't just be explained away with ` but hey , i like doing makeup anyway ' . 
  when going out simply to get a pint of milk from the shops , do men feel like they have to dress up ? 
  nope , they 'll throw on some jogging trousers and a hoodie . 
  when ( many ) women worry about putting on something nicer and throwing on a little makeup , they may not even do it because they enjoy it , but out of fear . 
  does anyone else think that 's a pretty ridiculous double standard , no matter how you twist and turn it ? 
  so , to sum it up , i think this is a pretty big issue going on here , and i do n't necessarily think it 's women having to justify wearing makeup . 
  i think it 's that men do not understand how social conditioning has majorly fucked with how women are perceived and how they perceive themselves . 
  i think we should talk more about why women are so insecure , and what we ( women and men , too ) can do to raise the next generation of girls and boys to be better . 
  let 's treat each other with compassion and understand motivations - let 's not objectify and judge women who enjoy makeup , and let 's not shame women who do n't . 
  let 's shape a world where women do n't feel pressured regarding the way they look and the things they enjoy . 
  oh i hope it did n't come across like i do n't believe that women can enjoy makeup , because i absolutely do . 
  i was trying to make the point that there is nothing wrong with liking it , not liking it and anything in between , but was trying to focus on the women who are insecure/not that into it ( as this thread already covered the other end of the spectrum pretty well ) . 
  completely with you that women are individual and everyone likes different things - that 's exactly why i 'm so angry when society tries to judge women on a ` one size fits all ' or ` you 're doing the human female thing wrong ' basis . 
  there 's 24 hour donut places in the us ?!, 
  that 's the most awesome part of that story to me . 
  oh , dunkin doughnuts has arrived in europe , but i have never seen a 24/7 one . 
  they are pretty sparse anyway . 
  most towns that i 've been to do n't even have donut places . 
  it 's only slowly becoming a thing . 
  jealousy is real . 
  sounds amazing . 
  but that 's a city for you i guess . 
  it varies so wildly from place to place . 
  my hometown in germany : everything closed on sundays , all shops close by 21:00 at the absolute latest . 
  where i live now in the uk : some supermarkets are 24/7 , others close at 23:00 . 
  well , like most european countries , sunday had always been seen as the religious rest day . 
  in the uk it used to be like that ( and most shops still close early on sunday ) , but i guess consumerism was faster to take over . 
  the rest day thing is a lot more ingrained in german society , and actually protected by law in many businesses afaik ( kind of arguing that retail workers should not be forced to work on sundays ) . 
  so yeah , probably a religious background but it 's slowly changing , anyway . 
  now that people are seeing the advantages of 24/7 availability of goods , most will try to seek out supermarkets that are open on sunday . 
  fun fact : under current law , the only shops that open on sunday in the state that i 'm from ( lower saxony ) are situated in ` tourist locations ' . 
  it 's some bullshit clause that means that due to the increased need for shops , they can be open a few hours on sunday . 
  everyone flocks to those . 
  i 'm sure all that will change very soon and germany will adapt to the us/uk lifestyle . 
  yeah , the way that these comments talk about forcing people into doing stuff and making decisions for them in general is pretty gross . 
  especially in regards to therapy ... ` just call her and manipulate her into going ' . 
  newsflash , people have to make the decision themselves . 
  in either case , would they expect the therapist to agree with trp logic ? 
  ` hi , i see you 're here for untreated ptsd - i think the obvious solution is that you need to have more sex with your husband ' . 
  that 's actually a really interesting point i 've never noticed before ( and i grew up absolutely loving harry potter , was obsessed with it ) . 
  i can now see the flaws it has - but the character development being so limited is something i 'd never even thought about before . 
  it makes sense , i guess . 
  especially in deathly hallows , you can tell the book is primarily focused on how harry moves the plot along ( he arguably has some sort of arc ) , whereas many side characters feel a lot less complex ... 
  still pretty long - that 's the year i was born . 
  find it weird to think about how people have been fans during the time i was growing up . 
  haha , yeah totally bringing back the memories here - harry potter was my gateway into online fandom stuff , taught myself a lot of english with fanfiction . 
  i even went through the embarrassing ( but necessary ) phase of making fan vids and putting them on youtube . 
  my username was a monstrosity that involved a lot of ` xxx ' and my favourite ship ... 
  thank you so much for this comment . 
  i 'm in the creative industry ( only starting out as i just graduated this summer ) but what i 've seen so far only confirms this . 
  all of my friends ' experiences confirm it as well .
