  when i commented , i believe his score was 5-5 or something like that ... 
  i think this is not just about the aspect of physical pain the animal might experience , but more about the reason they died - cooked even though nobody would eat them . 
  a pointless death , regardless of how painful it was . 
  that sounds horrible . 
  i 've never worked in retail but i feel the same way you do . 
  i try to educate myself about where food comes from , how my choices matter . 
  i come from a very food-conscious family - we rarely threw anything away unless we absolutely had to . 
  now hearing stories like this about how a random guy in a grocery store who is bad with numbers wastes away tonnes of food just makes me angry and sad . 
  yay for england . 
  i pay 12 # a month for unlimited data , unlimited texts and 250 mins ( that i never use ) . 
  i know they 're far down but the fact that there 's so many people who feel the need to express their disappointment they ca n't fuck her is absolutely terrifying . 
  not just in the thread op linked . 
  there is a submission over at / r/cringepics right now about ellen page . 
  i made the mistake of going to the comment section . 
  yes they were downvoted , but there were so many people repeating they wished she ` stayed ' straight , jokes about her body ( ` she looks like an 8-year-old so i do n't want to fuck her ' and the obligatory follow up jokes like ` why not ? 
  ' ) , even michael cera references . 
  no matter if downvoted or not , reddit never ceases to surprise me with how many people can circlejerk over the same stupid jokes and comments . 
  a ) they are saying this stuff thinking it 's funny ( which , as a gay girl , i really do n't agree with ) , b ) they want to express their feelings about the ` loss ' of a straight woman ( and that 's none of their business ) . 
  what did i even expect from reddit ... 
  hm , it 's actually a popular theory amongst lesbians to speculate that kristen stewart is gay - not in a super creepy way , but on tumblr you find semi-serious posts linking her affection for plaid shirts , her all-in-all tomboyish appearance and the fact she 's kissed a female co-star with the possibility of her being a lesbian . 
  i guess i just know because i 'm gay and saw it on tumblr . 
  what you 're saying is so spot on . 
  i 've already been approached ( per pm ) by people wanting a commission - for free !, 
  i think rgd is a great place for learning and practicing art , but damn - it contributes to the steady decline of monetary worth that is being attributed to art . 
  rgd gives people drawings for free , so why would anyone pay anymore if they want art ? 
  imo that 's incredibly dangerous . 
  i 'm one of those crazy people who want to make a living out of art . 
  i hate seeing it being treated as a fun , free treat that you can aquire online . 
  art takes time , effort , sometimes money ( materials ) . 
  so is ` work for no compensation ' the image rgd wants to promote ? 
  as the sub grows bigger that 'll stay an important question . 
  rant over . 
  have you ever painted with drawing inks ? 
  they 're a fucking godsend for people like me ( and maybe you ) who like the sketchyness of watercolour but do want some lines in there . 
  indian ink can be applied like watercolour , but it dries much faster and the colours do n't run , meaning you can paint a base layer ( like an outline ) and go over it again without colours mixing . 
  haha , my girlfriend is a tattoo artist and paints with them . 
  i tried them out too and they 're amazing . 
  the colours are so nice . 
  i have [ these ] ( http://www.winsornewton.com/products/inks/drawing-inks/ ) ( i 'm in england ) , dunno if you can get them or something similar where you are . 
  in case you 're interested , i recently painted some [ portraits ] ( http://imgart.tumblr.com/post/75482706087/some-ink-portraits ) using those inks . 
  good luck !, 
  haha , ` eldest porcupine ' . 
  i think what takes the cake is when people ask for a drawing because they want to make it a birthday present or something like that . 
  if you want me to spend time on some good work , consider paying me o.o, 
  looks familiar . 
  had that earlier this week . 
  but my butter still looks wrong ... 
  related confusion story : my girlfriend 's mum sent her to get some mince . 
  she came back with a bag of mints ... 
  they do sound similar , though . 
  kind of like an english person from the south ? 
  i 'm in the uk for uni and i never realised that ` room ' was pronounced as ` rum ' by so many people ... 
  could make your own if you have tomato passata . 
  do you have any other sauce that you cod use instead ? 
  other than that you 're pretty much out of luck , unless you want to make a pizza variation , maybe garlic bread ? 
  garlic butter and herbs ? 
  you 're making me want some garlic bread now . 
  mean . 
  the uk thing is pretty noticeable in my opinion . 
  queuing is mentioned a lot more than is necessary ... i live in england and while i like joking about it sometimes , i would n't think of it as that defining ? 
  but still it is the only trait that is consistently brought up on the internet . 
  even though the brits clearly love tea and biscuits more than queuing . 
  well no one is forcing you to speak german ... 
  yeah especially for images like this that are so original , new and accurate . 
  germany does have states but they are not at all relevant when posting something . 
  it 's more like in the uk : you put the street , town and postcode . 
  huh ? 
  i 've lived in germany for 17 years and i have never seen a letter that had the county in the address . 
  my parents do n't do it , no one i know does it . 
  well you do n't have to ? 
  as far as i know ? 
  ( i 'm in birmingham in my first year studying ) . 
  my english gf also says she rarely puts it . 
  and something other than anecdotal evidence : often when you order something online ( to the uk ) you are not required to put your county . 
  hey , some quick advice for the second drawing : it looks like you are mixing shading with colours . 
  i assume you are painting in a program like ps or gimp or sai with layers . 
  make a layer called shadows above your base colour and , using a normal hard brush , draw in the shadows in black . 
  set the opacity of the layer lower than 100 % . 
  this way , the colour still comes through and by adjusting the opacity of the shadows layer you can control the darkness . 
  keep adding different shadows layers , play around with the colours/opacities . 
  see what happens when you set the layer to multiply . 
  really , when it comes to painting it 's trial and error . 
  good luck !, 
  i agree with this . 
  why not get something that also reflects on your abroad trip , like you wanted , but planned out nicely ? 
  you say you do n't have any others . 
  it 's important to research artists ( !!!, 
  ) , find one with a style you like , and then go to them and speak about what you have in mind . 
  does it really have to be a ` matching ' tattoo ? 
  most good artists do n't like doing copied designs . 
  in a few years , when you look at your tattoo , you 'll probably be much happier if it 's something really nice that you really wanted and helped planning . 
  it 'll probably also remind you of the good times you had just as much as a matching tattoo would . 
  i 've heard nippes but not the other one . 
  kitsch is more common imo . 
  why not just tell your so you did in fact receive the message ? 
  ask her if she wants to explain ( before listening to it ) . 
  i think by ` secretly ' listening to it you 'll only create an awkward distance between the two of you . 
  hola unblocker does it for me . 
  germany does n't even have netflix ( yet ) . 
  afaik there is no subreddit .
