  since they were the first european country to set foot onto the ` new ' continent , the way that they treated the native population set a precedent for how the western world perceived them . 
  they kidnapped , murdered and enslaved the natives and thought they had a right to do so . 
  i studied this topic extensively in my a-levels at school and it 's one of my favourite parts of history . 
  it 's something that is often overlooked . 
  i think them being the first country to have contact with a new continent and seeing it as an opportunity to enslave it says a lot about european history . 
  haha i did type the comment half awake . 
  maybe i need to delete it because i probably did n't say exactly what i meant to . 
  what i was trying to express was obviously not that i think that colonialism is good in any way . 
  i meant that it 's a very fascinating period of time that , arguably , a lot of people did n't really learn about . 
  maybe i can offer some insight , i just finished my ba at an art school , so i studied with graphic designers and animators etc. 
  my university offered both macs and pcs , though there was definitely more macs . 
  note that the engineering and computer science faculties had more pcs , so it was definitely a conscious choice . 
  i noticed this really weird ` chicken and egg ' phenomenon : a ton ( maybe 75 % ) of my classmates bought a mac or macbook specifically for the art course . 
  why ? 
  ` because i thought it was necessary ' , ` because i was told macs would work better ' . 
  if everyone going into the industry uses macs because of the apparent pressure , it 's no wonder that it still has the reputation for being the only choice . 
  i have always been a windows girl myself . 
  i have a pretty high end laptop which runs adobe and autodesk software just fine , i also have a cintiq that works perfectly fine with windows 10 . 
  i was an absolute minority with my windows laptop and android phone . 
  nobody ever made fun of me though , i think they genuinely just assumed i could n't afford a mac ... 
  during my studies i 've had to work on macs , too . 
  to me , it was obviously slightly challenging as the work flow is completely different ( the damn command key !, 
  and the mouse ! ) . 
  nothing that ca n't be learned , though . 
  i 'm confident that i 'd be able to adapt if , say , i had to work on a mac in a company . 
  however , comparing just the functionality ? 
  i did not have the experience that macs are superior , just that they outnumbered pcs . 
  the software runs the same . 
  the screens on macs are obviously fab , but you can buy a high end computer and a secondary ( good ) screen for the same money it costs to buy a mac ... at the end of the day , i think the work a designer or artist does speaks for itself , not what it was created on . 
  tldr : while macs are definitely dominant in the art and design industry , i would n't say it 's because of a logical reason at this point , it 's just because everyone keeps buying into it . 
  i am a happy android and windows user and have n't faced any major issues so far . 
  have you looked into the budget motorola phones ? 
  similar sentiment here . 
  am german . 
  i like living here . 
  but i increasingly have the feeling that the uk does n't give a shit about the eu and just wants to take the benefits for granted . 
  if the country votes out i 'll take that as my confirmation that they clearly do n't see themselves as part of the european community . 
  cool . 
  my partner ( british ) and i will most likely leave , for germany . 
  the point i was trying to make was less about individual 's attitude ( i know brits simply do n't see themselves as european ) but about the general views . 
  if the majority of politicians and the public do not even want to trade with the eu , travel there , etc then count me out . 
  it 's not just that people are separating british identity from europe ( which is fair enough , every single country in the eu is unique !, 
  ) , but that feelings have turned downright negative . 
  do n't think that attitude is feasible in the 21st century . 
  i think characters staying the obvious/retell events might also be a ) cus shows air weekly on tv ( normally , for people who do n't binge on netflix like me and you ) , so they serve as reminders ; and b ) people who are tuning into the show mid episode or mid season . 
  never thought about the angle of it being blind friendly !, 
  i also enjoy putting on shows that i 've seen loads of times before because it genuinely does n't matter if i pay 100 % attention . 
  actually drowning in them here . 
  please feel free to come and take them all . 
  zubat is pretty rare so far though , have only caught a few where i am !, 
  oh , i obviously keep catching them , got ta do it for the xp . 
  but it does make me wish for some variety ... 
  it probably depends on the area . 
  which pokemon are common where you are ? 
  this is the middle of england , for reference, 
  related story : i 'm european , live in the uk , have always used british spelling for everything . 
  was recently commissioned for a job by a canadian company . 
  product included a word with an ' - ise ' ending . 
  i spelled it the british way , assuming that canadians would adher to their commonwealth origins - then , i was informed ( in no uncertain terms ) that i had unfortunately ` misspelled ' the word . 
  i had to change it to - ize . 
  which made me wonder - do canadians use - ize spellings due to proximity with the usa ? 
  note that the behavioural patterns in bipolar are similar to other mental health disorders , too . 
  there 's several other things that might explain your symptoms ( mood disorders , mild personality disorders , ... ) , and only you and your doctor of choice can really determine what it is . 
  bipolar is a manageable but still very serious mental disorder . 
  think of mental health as more of a spectrum !, 
  every single person is on a different part of it . 
  what i 'm trying to say here is - consider this carefully . 
  if you see some part of yourself in those symptoms , spend time thinking about what exactly it is before coming to any conclusions . 
  hope this perspective helped at all . 
  more or less !, 
  the vibe i got from the email was that they had fully expected me to know that they 'd want the - ize spelling ( hence calling it ' a spelling error ' ) . 
  it 's one of those things that happen when working with someone abroad , i guess . 
  i just wish i 'd have known beforehand ( had to go back and edit it after everything else was done ) . 
  just read this to my girlfriend and we both laughed quite hard at your misfortune . 
  the image of pavement casserole \u2122 is just too good . 
  your family sounds like they took it well at least , 
  i have the tendency to burn myself on hot pizza ( i get really excited about pizza ) . 
  got a scar on my left forearm from brushing over the fresh out of the 250 \u00b0 c oven pizza crust . 
  pizza was tasty , though . 
  oh , and while we 're on pizza : in my first year of being a student , 17 and new to unsupervised alcohol consumption , i came back from some flat party with my girlfriend , roommates and friends . 
  i had two pizzas in the freezer . 
  we decided to heat them up ( which , for drunk students , is quite the feat ) . 
  my girlfriend found me slashing away at the plastic packaging with the biiiig chef 's knife my mum had gifted me , and she had to gently pry it from my hands . 
  ` you probably should n't be doing that ' were her words ( she was definitely right ) . 
  pizza tasted like 1.50 # supermarket-made disappointment . 
  i feel your pain . 
  was making one of my favourite chicken recipes ( basically baking the chicken in a delicious coriander and lime broth ) which is slightly above my usual effort level , so i feel extra bad for fucking up . 
  the sauce needs to be reduced with white wine , which i did n't have . 
  in the spur of the moment ( and thanks to quick googling ) i thought white wine vinegar would make a great substitute . 
  i did n't even use that much , but oh god did it stink of vinegar . 
  tasted like it too . 
  spent the next half hour panicking and adding more chicken broth , water , brown sugar , anything ... 
  it came out edible in the end . 
  i subbed a cup of wine with like half a cup of vinegar and that was already bad ... did n't know baking soda helped !, 
  the internet recommended brown sugar , which did fine . 
  think cheap chilled supermarket own brand pizza , on those terrible crusts that taste like cardboard . 
  you can get them as cheap as 1 # . 
  the slightly nicer ones run for about 3 # to 6 # . 
  yes i definitely did n't mean to imply you can get decent pizza for that price - but that was a lesson i had yet to learn when i was 17 and amazed at how cheap the pizzas were ... 
  you got an instagram or a website or something ?
