  maybe a pumpkin spice latte or one of the new christmas drinks at costa . 
  yeah , especially when they ask repeatedly . 
  it 's not hard to remember whether you have a saw and knives in your bag ... 
  well ca n't you read between the lines ? 
  op is in fact jesus , returned to this world to spread love/nike shoes . 
  have n't seen a german post ( checked all the comments ) so i thought people might be interested . 
  this is how i grew up . 
  breakfast : on weekdays , roll out of bed and set the table with bread ( any bread ) and preferred condiments . 
  some people prefer sweet ( jam , honey , nutella ... ) while others prefer savoury ( meat , especially ham , cheese ) . 
  now , weekends are a different deal . 
  you start by sending one member of the family to a bakery to retrieve fresh bread rolls ( and croissants , cinnamon/chocolate rolls , seeded rolls ) . 
  includes all the food from weekdays but maybe with scrambled or fried eggs and more leisurely eaten . 
  my family drank tea all day but coffee is just as common . 
  snack : at school , i 'd have a packed lunch consisting of a sandwich or two ( ham and cream cheese wins ) and some water/juice . 
  at work , people drink coffee/tea . 
  lunch : lunch is meant to be the biggest meal of the day ( the only warm meal ) . 
  at home , this can be any home cooked meal . 
  we had a lot of pasta , rice and meat , but it can be anything . 
  pizza , noodles , a roast on sunday . 
  at school/university/work you would be able to eat warm food in a cafeteria . 
  can be eaten between 12:00 and 14:00 . 
  dinner : abendbrot - evening bread . 
  like breakfast , but oriented more towards savoury food . 
  my family was influenced by the turkish food now popular in germany so often we would have the typical bread ( fladenbrot ? ), 
  and olives , feta cheese and other spreads . 
  typically happens between 18:00 and 20:00 . 
  nowadays , i believe families are shifting more towards eating the main meal as dinner instead of lunch . 
  but i ca n't really vouch for that as i live abroad . 
  the most important thing to note is that bread is the key . 
  give a german a piece of good bread and the meal is complete . 
  whether it 's toast for breakfast , baguette with soup , a crusty loaf with some spreads ... it is truly the thing i miss most about germany . 
  i live in the uk now and have adapted to their model of eating barely anything for lunch ( typical sandwich + crisps + drink situation ) but i skip it a lot because it depresses me . 
  then i cook warm dinner when my partner comes home which can be at any point between 5 and 9 . 
  sometimes i wish i could have my german schedule back :(, 
  that 's a great time line , i like how you went into detail and explained exactly why it makes sense for the others to return at that point ( but not earlier ) . 
  i too believe it just does n't add up to be much earlier ( you 'd think we 'd have heard about it before , especially in the north ) . 
  this still begs the question of what exactly catalysed their return ; how did bloodraven manage to wake them , if your theory is true ? 
  on a slightly different note , one of the things that has always confused me about asoiaf is how little regard people pay to the others . 
  and yes , i know that 's ` kind of the point ' ( humanity too busy fighting each other to see the real threat or something ) , but i mean simply from the perspective of the wall . 
  multiple people saw wights with their own eyes , and the attempts to spread the worth south ( which i think were bit a half-hearted ) were met with complete ignorance . 
  it 's like no one thinks it 's very serious , yet i had assumed westeros was decently afraid of all those legends and monsters . 
  i 'm a native german speaker and the entire thing reads as if written by someone with good english , maybe even anative english speaker , most likely from america ( choice of words would be different for a brit ) . 
  it 's of course possible that it was written by a german with good english language skills , but then why would they be asking if their english is good enough ? 
  does n't add up . 
  it 's a thing in the uk as well . 
  i 'm from germany too and i was surprised to find out that after i moved to england , i had to find my own seat in a cinema ( which , if you 're going with friends , basically means you have to go inside the theater way early so you can grab seats together ) . 
  the ticket usually just says something like ' 16:00 o'clock showing ' . 
  good point . 
  southern houses especially seem like they pay no mind to any of the old tales/gods . 
  it just seems insane that the wall sent multiple people south to let everyone know that freaking ice monsters are coming , and they were simply turned away . 
  you 're probably right about the small folk ; they 're most likely a bit preoccupied by the devastation brought upon them by their lords fighting each other . 
  i can see them shrugging off the tales from the north , it 's not like it matters to them much that another faction now wants to murder them . 
  i was thinking more about the lords and ladies anyway , since they are the part of society we see the most of . 
  i wonder what the maesters and the various religious groups think about the others , and if they could inspire some respect/fear in people . 
  i did this last year !, 
  i 'm a broke student and had packing paper . 
  i bought vintage looking string and finished the look with old stamps ( to make it look like it came through the post ) and luggage tags as gift tags . 
  i 'm also an art student so i 'm into doing stuff like that . 
  it was a ton of fun . 
  but as other people have pointed out , it might be easier/just as cheap to buy a 1 # pack of wrapping paper . 
  this made my girlfriend and me smile so hard !, 
  hope lil planck gets better . 
  i 'm glad all the transportation went okay . 
  we have a hamster and when we first got him we had to transport him home in a paper box in a cab . 
  he managed to chew his way out of the paper box !!!, 
  rodents are crazy good at finding escape routes . 
  hey , i recently opened a case on etsy after not receiving an item . 
  before opening the case , the seller had n't replied to my messages ... 
  but as soon as i opened the case , they actually tried to sort it out . 
  i guess it 's because they 're scared of the consequences ? 
  definitely go through with it , it 's quite obvious that the seller is at fault here !, 
  same here . 
  experienced it last year and thought it was pretty cute to see everyone freak out/help each other/share traditions . 
  been looking forward to see it again for weeks now . 
  it 's fun because i do n't have to go through the stress myself . 
  i 'm sure if i was american i 'd be right up in here stressing about turkey temperatures too haha, 
  just finished those chapters . 
  they eat , and piss on the road . 
  never forget that it was described in detailed fashion when and how bathroom breaks are taken . 
  you can even relate to the post if you switch out the subject . 
  you could replace wife with girlfriend or with husband . 
  wives are n't the only people in the world that cry , as far as i know . 
  this makes it easier for more people to relate and thus makes the content trivial enough for this subreddit . 
  one of the most random/obscure crossovers of fandom i 've seen so far, 
  this is a really good summary i think . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  as readers , we have obviously not taken his pov so far , just of the people around him , but from that inside alone it is difficult to see him as anything other than what he appears to be . 
  the saying ` words are wind ' does ( for once ! ), 
  apply here : we simply have n't seen any grandiose plans by him that actually work . 
  sure , he might have some sort of cool endgame ( who does n't ? 
  ) , but we will have to hold out for proof . 
  at this point , it 's more than speculative to assume him to be a tywin level mastermind . 
  also , ` speariest spears ' made me laugh way too hard . 
  he does quite a few more bad things than just kill the mad king , though . 
  throwing a child off a tower comes to mind ... 
  yeah , exactly . 
  it 's quite an exhaustive list ( not to mention the way he generally thinks and talks about other humans - especially brienne ) . 
  i was on a train earlier but your examples are exactly what i would have added . 
  what about colour printing ? 
  see , i 'm a pretty frugal person but me and my partner are both artists , we recently bought a photo printer ( ink jet ) .
