  cool . 
  edit : i especially want to point out [ this ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1obpyu/til_that_in_auschwitz_an_ss_guard_fell_in_love/ccqqdmx ) comment and the follow-up . 
  i 'm actually pretty sure that the person who posted this did not draw the characters . 
  i have seen the same comic multiple times , but with other text ... they probably just edited their own text into the image . 
  i missed that . 
  i had never seen the site before and assumed that the horrible non-journalistic style was due to just bad writing . 
  apologies . 
  it 's written in a mocking way , thought it was the page taking the piss , did n't turn on my brain to figure out if it was a satire page, 
  i agree with you because in my opinion it 's important to remember where rock music evolved from . 
  it only gets annoying when people claim that music has evolved backwards since then - as if there is no music today that sounds similar to the beatles , and as if it 's not possible for music to get better . 
  the difference between ` music in the top 40 ' and ` music in general ' is apparently hard to understand . 
  and then there is people who counter the ` beatles r the only good thing ' claims by saying they were n't that great after all . 
  at the end of the day , each to their own opinion . 
  is that on american keyboards ? 
  the ) is on the 9 for me . 
  i 'm from germany on a german laptop  i am aware our keyboard is different , was just wondering !, 
  turtleboners is right , though . 
  it does n't have to be related to being obese . 
  i 'm not fat and i have stretch marks on my hips that i got at age 14 when i randomly started growing really quickly . 
  ugh , the reverse is true for me . 
  i 'm in university in england - using librarz computers is mildlz annozing :-), 
  ask any trainer to train you in a specific skill . 
  then when they turn around , pickpocket the gold you just paid them . 
  levels up the skill you 're training and pickpocket incredibly fast . 
  yeah , of course !, 
  ( plus any gold they had before ) . 
  example : ask the priest in whiterun to train you in restoration . 
  cost : 360 septims . 
  you pay , she turns around , and when you pickpocket her it will say something like gold ( 366 ) . 
  you steal that , train next level , pickpocket it back . 
  warning : you do need to be at a medium pickpocket level , and maybe even have a perk in it , else you might not be able to steal that much gold . 
  i just started a new character last week and levelled pickpocket up to 65 using that method . 
  i can easily pickpocket 450 + gold now . 
  yes !, 
  if you quicksave before every attempt ( honestly ) it wo n't be as frustrating ( if you 're at a low level , getting started might make you want to give up ) . 
  the more the item is worth , the harder it is to pickpocket , so just work your way up from potato to venison to silver ring to amethyst to 100 gold , 
   want to get outa here and get a bite to eat ? 
  i 'm starving . 
  only if we 're going to the gourmet :-), 
  yeah , i heard one time when someone tried to serve chicken a group of guards arrested everyone . 
  maybe go for the firebolt roasted bunny ? 
  this explains so much . 
  thanks . 
  most people include their age in self posts or have a flair , so if you scroll for a while you get a picture . 
  i 'd add a third thing . 
  the two points you mentioned result in an extreme feeling of superiority . 
  all i did was click a random self post on the front page ( to be found [ here ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/childfree/comments/1ombi9/so_ive_been_thinking/ ) ) , and bam , the same kind of elitism that we had in / r/atheism . 
  i realise that these comments probably do not represent the majority of subscribers and posters in the sub , but this serves as an insanely good example of what happens when communities single themselves out as being `` better . '', 
  `` perhaps i 'm generalizing but it seems folks here are more likely to take a step back from accepted societal norms and question many aspects of life . '', 
  `` cfers seem to employ more critical thinking on the average . 
  we recognize that the `` traditional '' ideal for life is n't all it 's cracked up to be , and we 're much more likely to take a step back and analyze things based on consequences instead of going along with the herd mentality . '', 
  yeah not even something i 've ever used or heard anyone say ... 
  i 'm with you . 
  first year being away from home and i miss my fam more than i thought i would . 
  happened to me the other day , but i was the asshole waving person giving mixed signals . 
  was waiting outside for my girlfriend and when she came down the road i gave her a wave . 
  the guy walking in front of her started getting really excited , smiling at me , pointing to himself saying ` me ? ' . 
  saying ` sorry buddy , not you ' felt so cruel . 
  i find that there still seem to be enough body fluids involved to make wet stains . 
  hey there . 
  i 've had my glasses since i was 7 and been through lots of different frames and shapes . 
  i assure you that you 'll find something that suits you and that you wo n't even notice sits on your face . 
  and just like other people have mentioned , the effects you experienced now will go away . 
  i get them every time i get new glasses - it 's just your eyes adjusting . 
  be aware though that if you go without glasses for a longer period ( for me a day ) you might get a slight headache . 
  depends on how strong your glasses are . 
  how strong are your glasses ? 
  are you required to wear them all day , every day ? 
  are contacts an option for you ? 
  a tip : be sure to stop by a optician shop ( or anywhere they sell glasses ) once in a while . 
  ask them to re-adjust the glasses to your face . 
  makes a hell of a difference . 
  no wonder you 're paranoid about contracting herpes . 
  all you can do is get tested ( both you and the guy who made the smart move of sleeping with potientally infected people ) . 
  maybe they used protection and he did n't get it ? 
  you still have the right to be worried , though . 
  get tested , speak to the guy , do n't have sex with anyone without protection for now . 
  i do n't want to sound like i 'm defending this subreddit too hard - however , since i was subscribed to it for quite a long time , i thought i should share a few thoughts . 
  i unsubscribed a few weeks ago because i found it turned into a very circlejerky place with the same things said over and over again , repetitive stories , no positivity , and , like you point out in your post , many smug , spiteful comments . 
  see , when it all started out with not as many subscribers as it has today , it was n't like it is today . 
  i stumbled upon it accidentally and i went there every few days because it was entertaining . 
  to me , it was a, 
  place where people shared stories . 
  some of them were very well written and very funny , sometimes about the op and how they lost weight . 
  in fact , the comment sections often consisted of people trying to lose weight helping each other . 
  there was a strong focus on positivity , with comments reminding people to be civil . 
  i know that it sounds like the subreddit was made just to hate on fat people , but i never perceived it as that . 
  it was a place where people posted about shitty people . 
  like others have pointed out in the comments here , the subreddit was not used to lash out at fat people because they are fat and `` gross '' ( or whatever it does now , i have no idea how bad exactly it is ) - it was rather about the mentality that many saw in fat people and themselves , bad habits , and , like i mentioned before , just stories to point out that being morbidly obese is very unhealthy . 
  a motivation to be healthy , in short . 
  written in a 4-chan style format , with many exaggerations , not necessarily meant to be taken seriously , i accepted that lots of the stories might be invented . 
  the nicknames you mentioned ( hambeast , girtha ) are sort of a thing in the subreddit - people basically compete to come up with the most `` creative '' ones . 
  i remember a certain story that was posted to the subreddit in episodes more than half a year ago , where the op made a game of trying to use as many band names , modified to have food elements , as she could . 
  i personally found it hilarious . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/fatpeoplestories/comments/1btvtb/tales_of_hamthrax_iv_scary_monster_and_loads_of/ ) to one part of it . 
  puns like `` alice in fast food chains '' and `` bruno mars bar '' got a chuckle out of me . 
  point is - yes , these stories can be taken as very , very offensive ( and now , the subreddit might be . 
  as i said , i do n't really go there any more ) . 
  but , like with all things on the internet , there is a certain type of humour present here ( greentext use , mention of `` small moons and larger objects '' being pulled into obese people 's gravity zone as soon as they enter a room , the nicknames , the exaggeration ) and you might hate it , others might not . 
  all of that said , i understand that you find that this place is a massive circlejerk .
