  i 'm pretty sure that if war broke out in the uk , people would n't want to claim asylum in , say , mexico - they 'd try to get into the us or canada , where more people speak their language and the reputation of the government is better . 
  wow , sounds like they 're quite desperate for maths students . 
  i 'm doing a ba in something arty and people from the education faculty came in and half heartedly tried to tell us to go into teaching - but it 's pretty clear that everyone knows it 's a bad idea , especially since art in schools is being cut right left and center anyway . 
  so my family ( mother 's side ) has a super unique ( but short ) name - we 're the only family with that name that exists in the world . 
  my dad ( wanting to get rid of his super common name ) took my mum 's name when they got married . 
  so my sister and i have her last name and i thought this was pretty normal and acceptable . 
  it was n't until i was a teenager when i realised that apparently , men taking the name of women are totally weak and wrong and natural selection is coming for them !, 
  ( for me , it just means that security questions asking for my mother 's maiden name are quite awkward ) . 
  i also have an aunt who kept our surname when she got married , husband kept his own name , their kids both have her surname ( so they can pass it on ) . 
  i suppose he also totally failed at being a good husband and father . 
  how will his wife and children remember that they are his property if they have a different name ?? 
  the strong emotional bond they have could n't possibly be enough for him to assert his inclusion in the family ? 
  that made me laugh out loud . 
  you better bestow it onto your children too , so you can remind them where they came from . 
  ` steven semen demon , come downstairs for dinner right now ' . 
  also , since they are celebrities , it is distinctly not creepy to post pictures of them . 
  it 's acceptable . 
  it would be significantly less acceptable if the posts were in the style of ' i have a mutual friend who is hot , here 's a picture i stole of his tagged facebook pics ' , or ' i saw this dude on the bus this morning , and he was quite attractive , so i took this snap with my phone !, 
  ' , or ' i saw a good looking guy on my way to work , so i hacked into the city 's surveillance cameras and managed to pull this picture of them ! ' . 
  women are going to find random people in their every day life cute or hot but it 's not like they can post about that ? 
  are you a lesbian ? 
  from my perspective i do n't think it 's necessarily misogyny or misandry when lesbians set ( absurd ) standards like that . 
  there 's lesbians who are very proud of the fact that they are women who only sleep with women . 
  it 's an identity . 
  there 's plenty of lesbians who are scared that a bisexual girl will leave them for a man , so they make a point not to date anyone who is n't exclusively gay . 
  there 's also lesbians who would never date a trans woman . 
  i think it 's all due to having a very specific belief system and holding onto that version of their sexuality . 
  they 're outdated views and ca n't really be rationalised , and i do n't think misandry explains it at all . 
  the point of being gay , for literally 99 % of gay women , is that they do not care about men . 
  they do n't hate them - they just do n't want anything to do with them . 
  i 'd be more willing to agree that internalised misogyny could play a part but , as i said above , i think the biggest reason has more to do with specific dynamics of lesbian identities and relationships . 
  not sure if that makes sense . 
  just trying to speak from experience as a gay woman with a ton of gay friends . 
  yeah i agree it 's really important to be careful when throwing around the word misogyny - there 's a shit ton of it already . 
  it really rubs me the wrong way as well when lesbians are accused of being misandrist or misogynistic , or both ( make up your mind , we ca n't hate everyone ) . 
  the issue is more complicated than that . 
  if you like the con aspect , try leverage ? 
  definitely does n't take itself seriously and i never seem to find anyone who likes it . 
  personally , i think it 's a brilliant show . 
  follows a con team pulling off heists on evil corporations . 
  edit : it 's also on netflix !, 
  i think there 's a few episodes every season that were definitely ` meh ' . 
  but then there 'd be some that would just make up for it !, 
  ca n't fault the season finales imo . 
  hope you enjoy !, 
  thanks , will do !, 
  i 've been looking for a replacement ever since it ended :(, 
  nate was definitely an asshole , i did n't really enjoy watching him much - he was a drunk who fucked stuff up , it got boring after a couple of seasons . 
  well , she was a good actress ( the character ) . 
  i know for sure that i could n't talk people into doing what i want them to do . 
  it 's shown quite often that the other characters find it intimidating to speak to people ( she prefers to climb around in elevator shafts , hardison prefers to be halving etc ) . 
  i thought it was quite interesting how almost all of the cons rely on having a grifter to talk their target into something . 
  oh god , yes i remember thinking the ` programming ' was bullshit . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker , i moved to the uk for university - was pretty worried i 'd pick up the local accent ( midlands ) . 
  my english has gotten more `` natural '' ( lived here for 3 years now , people tell me that i sound like a native ) , but more neutral than some hardcore accents that i hear . 
  i have picked up loads of local expressions , though . 
  i assume you will too when you 're in scotland !, 
  ( i 've met americans who 've studied here and while none of their accents changed , a few would try to participate in local slang which is really quite cute ) . 
  reminds me of when i was younger and tried to pick up american and british slang to make myself sound more fluent in english . 
  ahhh yes . 
  men : i wish girls were n't into lame girly things . 
  women : hey , i 'm actually really into gaming/sports/tech / [ anything remotely interesting ] . 
  men : i wish girls were n't always trying to be like me . 
  why ca n't they let me have my fun :( ( ( (, 
  i enjoyed her amazing language skills . 
  finds soviet dog tag , with name and one word written on it . 
  `` you can now translate level 3 russian ! '' . 
  glad that word made such a difference , lol . 
  i had this issue - webpages would crash because of flash , out of the blue . 
  this advice did not fix it . 
  i spent hours looking for the solution - and every single website seems to say the same thing , `` you must have two versions of flahs !!!, 
  disable one !! '' . 
  frustratingly , i only had one version of flash running , so this did n't help . 
  what fixed it was : i clicked `` details '' unter chrome : / / plugins and under the flash plugin enabled `` always allowed to run '' . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , how 's the camera on the op2 ? 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i 'll have to look around some more and compare some shots , i 'm trying to find a phone that has a great camera & good ram . 
  i 'm on a sony xperia z1 compact and i love the size of it so a newer one would be a no brainer if the specs were a bit better . 
  the 2g ram in the xp5 compact is a bit weak imo and i 'm also worried about battery life . 
  i had n't heard of the mi5 - looks really solid ( 4gb ram ! ), 
  although i 'm not sure about the physical button . 
  i 'll keep an eye out for the release . 
  i 've considered an lg4 or v10 - might be best to wait for the g5 to come out and hope for price drops ? 
  i 'd love an lg or a nexus 6p ; the op2 would be a backup plan - current phone has been dying a very slow death and i might need to get a replacement asap . 
  i get the feeling that lexa waving her death dramatically in clarke 's face was heda-level flirting . 
  ' i might die ... that 'd be a shame ... you would never see me again ... look at this face before it disappears , clarke !, 
  maybe now 's the time for a little kiss ... ? 
  guess i 'll see you never ' . 
  * locks herself in room and listens to linkin park *, 
  i agree with this . 
  i think people are really enraged by this plot because bellamy is a fan favourite and people are angry that their ` golden kid ' is suddenly making an obviously bad decision . 
  however , you just need to look at what has happened on this show before to realise that there 's been a fuckton of bad decisions . 
  many of those were made by adults ( in the first season , we were shown that everyone on the ark was kinda incompetent and had weird motives ) , and viewers generally identified with the kids more , their plots only started mixing last season . 
  they sky people have experienced a lot of setbacks because of mistakes - i do n't think this pike subplot is too far out of line . 
  think about it : things were going really well . 
  the sky people became the 13th clan , kane and abby were on board and wanted the right things . 
  the show has always been about showing how most things are never that easy . 
  a radicalist group is n't an unrealistic obstacle . 
  i 'm very interested how far they 'll take it , and whether they plan on redeeming bellamy to us again . 
  i 'm in a situation like this with my girlfriend ( tried to get help and nhs has n't helped , just made things worse ) .
