  i agree with all of that . 
  lots of people have kids for the wrong reasons - or for no reason at all !, 
  it 's such a huge , huge responsibility . 
  and the complicated thing is that no parent is 100 % perfect - even the ones who try to do everything right . 
  there 's parents who think they do n't care what their kids do in life , but then they actually do care , and they feel hurt and betrayed ( even though their kid did n't mean to hurt them ! ) . 
  to relate this back to rp ideology i think it 's especially true when the kid turns out to be something you really did n't expect - so if you 're just kinda assuming the kid will be straight , and then she 's actually gay , they 'll inevitably be disappointed , because in that moment it feels like it 's about them . 
  not about their kid 's life and feelings and emotional health . 
  oh , i really did n't mean to imply that parents need to have some sort of noble reasons for parenthood . 
  you sound like a great parent !, 
  what i was trying to get at was people who really are not fit to be parents but keep having more . 
  it 's completely different to expectation-filled parenting , almost like the other end of the spectrum . 
  i live in the uk where you actually do see a lot of young couples have kid after kid . 
  kids have a slim chance of getting out of council house misery . 
  i 've heard people talking about having them as if it 's a pet . 
  it makes me irrationally bitter . 
  this is exactly what i was trying to express - that realisation that your parents might want what they think is best for you , which is nice in theory , but they have no idea how much it hurts to hide who you are . 
  when i came out , my parents seemed under the impression that it 'd be just a phase , that i 'd come to my senses sooner or later . 
  `` you can still marry a guy one day , right ? 
  it 'll just be so much easier for you . 
  we just want you to be happy . '', 
  it really fucked with me when i was 15 and unfortunately i still deal with it now as they see my partner ( ... who i 've been with since i came out ... ) as an `` option '' that i should upgrade on . 
  funny you bring up the issue of telling friends - it 's really very insightful to hear how you 're being talked about in front of friends and family . 
  why not g4 ? 
  if you 're looking to keep removable battery and sd . 
  else , get the nexus 5x , really similar specs and may be cheaper . 
  my z1 compact died on me a couple weeks ago ( a slow and painful death ) . 
  i actually worried about the exact same thing as there is just no good small phone available atm . 
  finally settled on a lg g4 ( need to update flair ) . 
  have had it for a week and now i ca n't believe i thought the size would be a big deal , i got used to it in less than a day !, 
  i 'd still prefer a slightly smaller phone , but i 'm just trying to say that the size alone should n't rule all phones out , 
  it was between those for me too . 
  in the end i just wanted to be sure that the phone lasts longer than two years ( the battery died in my sony after less than 2 ) . 
  have had the g4 for a week now and can only recommend , really worth the money imo since it 's not got much worse specs than this year 's flagships !, 
  are you going to go to the uk ? 
  plenty to climb here . 
  hey dude i found it really interesting to read what you wrote . 
  hope you do n't mind me asking - i 'd be interested to hear your opinion about the game industry in the uk - would you say it 's possible to get into it without going south ? 
  it 'd be my absolute dream job , but i do n't want to get my hopes up ( can do other things , too ) . 
  graduating next month with a degree in illustration and live in the midlands . 
  i always find it interesting to hear from people who work these kinds of jobs while not in london . 
  thank you so much for your extremely detailed response . 
  i will definitely research all of the names you 've mentioned !, 
  as i said in my previous comments i 'm still really undecided as to what i am going to do with myself . 
  i 'm still weighing my options . 
  i started bouldering just a few months ago so i 'm very much a beginner . 
  however , i do know ( from skimming magazines and websites ) that there 's a few top notch locations . 
  wales and the lake district come to mind but please do read up on it yourself . 
  so far , the only place i 've been is the roaches ( in the peak district ) which is in staffordshire , near where i live . 
  it 's a really pretty location and has boulders suited to lots of different grades . 
  i 'm sure that wherever you go in the uk there 'll probably be climbing not to far though !, 
  good luck . 
  it would n't be hosted in australia . 
  who cares that germany was able to sing ? 
  she was dressed like a fucking pokemon . 
  i can not understand why they decided to send a weeaboo . 
  i 'm not surprised it did n't win . 
  yes , the directive does state those sentences you copy & pasted and [ can be found here ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:32011r1333&amp;from=en ) . 
  it seems to me that you did n't actually read anything else from it and are trying to imply that the eu does have that silly rule ? 
  the directive applies to unripened , green bananas only and is meant for whole salers and growers - to ensure that bananas are sent to retailers intact , and not damaged . 
  retailers are * not * affected by this and can sell bananas in whatever number they want . 
  thank you for your reply , i appreciate the insight !, 
  i too believe that scottish power is largely at fault for not taking over the supply properly , but i did not think to give them the meter number in the beginning ( nor did they ask for it ) . 
  maybe a lot of this could have been avoided if we 'd discovered the mismatch in the national grid earlier . 
  i 've been able to stay pretty nice on the phone ( i know it 's not their fault ) and know many of the names of the eon customer support team as i 've spoken to them all multiple times . 
  a few of them were quite helpful , but nobody seems to be willing to commit to any answers . 
  everyone seems to want to play it by ear ( `` we 'll see '' , `` i do n't know what will happen '' , `` we 'll be in touch '' ) . 
  it 's frustrating not to get any direct answers . 
  do you think writing a complaint letter would move things along faster ? 
  i want to stay nice , but it has n't gotten me very far the last few months . 
  hey ( if you read this ! ) . 
  i just wanted to let you know that i grabbed the pro apk , was curious and wanted to try it out . 
  i love what you did with it , the customisation and the user friendliness are great . 
  i promptly uninstalled facebook ( though i 'll keep messenger around , i do 99 % of my messaging through it unfortunately and the bubbles are way handy ) . 
  i would definitely like to buy this app in the future . 
  i 'm a super broke student - so at the moment , words are all i have . 
  again , thanks so much for the insight . 
  will start writing the complaint letters tomorrow . 
  okay , i 'll bite . 
  in what way does the eu tell communities what to do ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean by that . 
  do you mean local communities ? 
  how do you feel the eu negatively effects them ? 
  i 've only really seen the eu involved positively by giving a lot of the funding the uk pays back into communities that need it , and usually into specific development projects . 
  i do agree with you that it can sometimes feel like the eu parliament is quite far removed from normal citizens , but i 'd argue that is the case with the actual government too and just a part of democracy . 
  nobody seems happy with the tories , yet evidently someone voted them in . 
  similarly , someone voted ukip into the eu parliament - and they 're now representing the uk . 
  i feel like what you want ( an open government ) may just not be compatible with the current political climate in the uk ? 
  either way , there 's other sides to the referendum too , maybe the consideration of those ( economics , travel within eu , insecure future , etc ) will influence your opinion until the vote day , 
  thanks for the advice , yeah i get that first part - that by moving in we were technically obliged to pay eon their tariff . 
  but since we were not informed for four months that they were our supplier ( and have taken two more months `` sorting it out '' ) i am quite unhappy . 
  i had only heard good things about them , and my experience with their customer support was positive too ( nice , wanting to help , but seemed like they just had no idea what was going on ) . 
  i 've fortunately confirmed which meter is ours by doing a load test ( it was the one i thought it was all along , it just turns out that the suppliers had the wrong number ) . 
  is there a way to calculate the usage even though we do not have a meter reading from when we moved in ? 
  actually just received a letter today from scottish power : they just sent me a bill for the 90 # i just managed to get back from them . 
  ( the money they charged me wrongfully while eon was supplying us ) . 
  i 'm going to try and get complaints letters sent as soon as possible because i feel like this situation is just getting worse and worse . 
  i 'd rather have the ombudsman deal with this . 
  it 's estimated that the spanish and portuguese conquistadors killed about 97 % of south america 's native population ( those are the numbers i learnt at school , at least , i ca n't say how accurate they are ) . 
  of course some of it was unintended ( they imported a lot of european diseases ) , but i would n't rationalise this and say ` they did n't kill as many natives as the british ' . 
  what they did was brutal and horrible on a different scale .
