  now ( as the other comment says ) it really does n't make a difference . 
  they 're really great if you 're an artist as well . 
  i 've been looking into an alternative to a wacom and a ton of digital artists use surfaces . 
  i 'd love to try one out for digital painting , seems like an awesome device . 
  but i guess if op does n't have a use for it , it seems a bit less cool ... 
  if you do n't mind me asking - do you use it as a on-the-go drawing tool or main work station ? 
  ah , interesting . 
  the higher spec on sounds really great . 
  i 'm in the market to get a wacom or similar product to replace my really really old pen & touch , so i 'm always interested to hear other people 's experiences . 
  i 'm very confused by their comment as well . 
  i guess this is the point where you 'll get accused of being german and not having a sense of humour !, 
  ( has happened to me on reddit ) . 
  so much for ` accurate stereotypes ' ... as a fellow german let me just say i think your post is great and all in good fun . 
  that 's a great idea , thank you . 
  the only thing that make it better would be a way to see whether the link is timed or untimed but i guess that 's up to the original poster ? 
  haha , helps to break them up !, 
  they only look scary because we do n't like using periods !, 
  ` gradepointaverage ' would also be quite scary . 
  let me know if you ever need help with the language though !, 
  i agree with you , i 'm sure that there 's different odds for rares vs legendaries . 
  like you , i too believed that box bear did n't exist until i finally managed to get one . 
  so , they do exist !, 
  however , i 'm missing legendaries out of other chapters that i 've also thrown ten thousands of coins at ... 
  i think the system of dispensing legendaries is due for an update ( limiting chances of rares you already have ? 
  paying more to definitely get a legendary , or even the bear directly ? ) . 
  meanwhile , the only consolation is that we do n't have to use the coins for anything else , really . 
  this also confuses me . 
  i live in the uk and have never once heard it said . 
  is it common in the us ? 
  kind of like the sims . 
  spam the ` talk - chat ' and ` tell joke ' interactions a few dozen times , throw in a back rub or ` romantic hug ' and you 'll be able to have sex with her the first day you meet her !, 
  i completely got what you meant !, 
  and thanks for the reply . 
  interesting . 
  especially that it seems to be common in some states but not others !, 
  i always thought ` sir ' was a very military-based way of addressing someone . 
  egg bear never dropped for me . 
  veggie and house bear : 4 , bacon : 2 , burger ; 3 . 
  so , that 's 13 games in total ? 
  not actually that many !, 
  i know of people who got box bear after even fewer games . 
  i 'm also missing chef , koala , jolly , buddy , arcade ( frustrating as i 've spent the most coins on that one ) . 
  working on it slowly . 
  just today , i spent 1500 coins trying to get koala bear but no luck again . 
  haha , no problem at all . 
  i kinda feel like talking a celebrity since i see you all over the leaderboards in verses mode . 
  yeh , agree with this . 
  that is a nice way of wording it , too . 
  it 's an important lesson to learn to be proud of your achievements and confident about what you can do . 
  nobody will be upset at you for sharing something awesome you 've done - it might even make people respect you !, 
  ( whereas they certainly wo n't like you for pulling that fake attention seeking bullshit ) . 
  speaking from experience here - i 'm pretty modest and had to teach myself to be confident online about what i 've done ( and my livelihood depends on this . 
  artist . 
  hey , they probably would n't be able to use dollars where they 're going . 
  the op would make much better use of the 75 $ dollars . 
  he 's probably still on planes today , buying overpriced ham sandwiches ... 
  have lived in germany and uk . 
  uk : think half the size or less of the aisle pictured in the video . 
  germany : a quarter . 
  i 'm honestly quite impressed - knew that your supermarkets were meant to be extensive , but not that they were this extensive ( the picture of the oranges in the comment was also insane ) . 
  can you tell me how common supermarkets of that size are ? 
  ( do you find them in towns , or do you have to drive out ? ), 
  edit : as reference , something like this seems about right . 
  [ germany ], 
  ( http://www.oberberg24.de/pics/artikel/070228_dornseifer_pizza.jpg ), 
  thanks for the reply . 
  puts things into perspective !, 
  thanks for clearing the thing with the orange display up - i was wondering if that was normal or an extraordinary thing . 
  i also find it hard to find pizzas here - many of them seem to have pepperoni or chicken on , whereas i prefer vegetables . 
  the ristorante pizzas are awesome and are such a huge part of my childhood in germany , haha . 
  wow . 
  thanks for posting pictures , could n't imagine my local supermarkets doing something like this . 
  i could n't find anything that was close to how it typical looks ( it was late and i needed to go to bed ) . 
  it 's some sort of special display in tesco i think , but do n't you think the size is comparable ? 
  with everyone saying that they 'd have to drive out to their supermarket , at least it 's not instant access !, 
  walking distance in europe seem to be much shorter ( i could be down to the next supermarket in 5 minutes and also buy pizza ) . 
  i did n't think it was little - i 'd genuinely never seen that the us had so much selection !, 
  sharing is caring , how about you send pizza packages ? 
  i 've never heard of hyvee before , which is weird ( i usually see other american supermarkets like trader joes , target , walmart etc mentioned on here often ) . 
  seems like your concept of towns and cities is just on a much larger scale than ours ... 
  i live near the second largest city in the uk - which ` only ' has a population of about 1.1 mil . 
  i lived in the city for 2 years and it was reasonably difficult to reach bigger supermarkets ( as i do n't drive ) . 
  and they all are probably smaller than the ones you have . 
  that sounds about right . 
  what i 've learnt about america is that the distances between their home and anything else is usually only doable by driving , so that means it 's easier to buy in bulk . 
  in germany , they also place a lot of importance on buying fresh , local produce ( in my home town , there 's a market twice a week for fruit , veg , cheese , meat etc ) , and being able to nip to a bakery every morning to buy fresh bread . 
  in the uk , i believe the shopping model is shifting to what it 's like in the us as buying in bulk is becoming more popular . 
  i guess the huge variety of products comes with the fact that their supermarkets are so big , even if the demand is n't that pressing . 
  that is a really neat story . 
  reminds me of my own reaction when i moved from a fairly rural german town to the second biggest city in the uk . 
  in the supermarkets , i almost lost my shit because , wow , they 're selling clothes and cookware and books and playstations . 
  wow . 
  you can but anything here !, 
  this is now increasingly happening in german supermarkets too , but seeing it on a large scale in tesco and sainsburys when i first moved was super weird . 
  and i bet that 's still nothing to american supermarkets . . 
  the uk is so ridiculously expensive - i rarely buy frozen pizzas because i cringe inside and remember the german prices ( about half ) . 
  and our bread . 
  never forget our bread . 
  out of interest , how big would you say your aisles of chips are ? 
  ( in the uk it 'll be half of one side of an aisle , usually ) .
