  it kind of hurts me , because i had hoped that the place would stay original and full of people who care about being healthy more than making fun of obese people . 
  pointless rant over . 
  i agree . 
  the only reason i ever come back is to check for titp , because going on the actual blog gives me headaches . 
  i am glad you were inspired by something on reddit . 
  i had the same impression of fatpeoplestories - that it actually helped some people . 
  you can be offended by the subreddit if you want . 
  when i read the title i knew there was going to be bad things , but i did n't know how many ... 
  even the whole ` hitler loved his doggy ' thing makes an appearance , and hitler 's ` inspirational ' rise to power . 
  shudder . 
  yes , correct spelling would be g\u00f6ring , but if you do n't have a german keyboard and want to spell it correctly , ` oe ' is the substitute . 
  umlauts can not be replaced by their dot-less counterpart . 
  i was also wondering about this . 
  i would assume/expect that a literature professor checks everything handed in to him for plagiarism, 
  just a note from a german : most german parents do n't let their kids drink when they are under 16 . 
  however , it 's still pretty awesome that we 're able to buy beer at 16 . 
  and also get into some clubs that sell alcohol ( with parental permission and a friend aged 18 ) . 
  well i am not an expert on george orwell essays and know admittedly little about the topic at hand . 
  it just made me wonder a bit since george orwell is a fairly well known author , and a professor might have read many essays dealing with the topic that he assigned an essay on . 
  i know that 's not a given though ; technology makes it way easier to check for these things today . 
  yep , that must be it . 
  what i meant was that i would expect a professor to be proficient in the literature immediately dealing with the topic that he assigned students to write about . 
  haha , no worries . 
  i think in my country ( germany ) everyone is aware about how plagiarism works now because a former member of the government ( guttenberg ) got busted for stealing stuff in his dissertation which kick started a massive search for other government employees cheating in theirs . 
  surprise , surprise : back when there was no internet , lots of people took advantage of other people 's writing ... 
  i 'm not at all familiar with the college system , thanks for clearing that up . 
  my dad let me have a taste and i 'd be allowed a little drink on occasions like new years at 15 . 
  after turning 16 i was allowed beer but my parents never encouraged drinking , at all . 
  they still do n't . 
  it is expensive but it 's fun with the right people . 
  hard being in uni without doing it . 
  my history teacher used to say ` never underestimate coincidences ' . 
  when i learnt about processes , cycles , events , turning points and if and how that terminology can be used in history , we discussed what factors influence history . 
  is it single men ? 
  people ? 
  cultural shifts ? 
  slow movement or rapid changes ? 
  inventions and economy ? 
  i 'd say all of those and more , including coincidences . 
  for example - think about stauffenberg and the attempt to assassinate hitler in 1944 . 
  it went wrong because an assistant coincidentally moved the briefcase with the bomb away . 
  i 'm submitting this here because i thought / r/badhistory would appreciate some of the bad reasoning going on in this post . 
  i am not an expert on the topic ( immigrants to scotland ) , and maybe someone here could help me out disproving some of the things said , but i think it 's easy to point out some very odd arguments . 
  ** `` so sure that slavery was the only way that poc could get there besides an extensive historical worldwide trade network originating out of both the continents of africa and asia '' **, 
  and, 
  ** `` your complete lack of understanding of the past is exactly the reason that diversity is necessary - you ca n't imagine a world where poc might be present as non-slaves , as people with agency outside of what the british empire dictated '' **, 
  this is just mixing up many different aspects of history . 
  of course we do not know exactly what year brave is meant to be set in ( plus , it 's a pixar film , so probably not entirely accurate in everything ) , but it 's fair to assume that the film is set around the 10th century . 
  as someone points out in the tumblrinaction thread , `` there was no british empire in 10th century scotland . 
  there was n't even a united england . 
  '' , not to mention that england was n't enslaving asians and africans then . 
  as for the `` trade network '' - of course there was trading , but geographically , scotland was probably mostly involved with england and scandinavian countries . 
  this does n't suggest a presence of people of colour at all . 
  the following chain of arguments was especially confusing to me :, 
  ** `` during the roman occupation of scotland , there were over 260 camps of roman soldiers , the archeological remains of which are visible from the air . 
  so , there were romans in scotland at some point . 
  ** `` in fact , the rather famous disappearance of the ix hispana roman legion is still being investigated , but analysis of primary sources shows that after a bloody defeat , the survivors may have just become part of the population of scotland . 
  okay , so the legion was called hispana . 
  ** `` hispania , the origin of the legion , was under carthiginian influence until the punic wars almost 100 years later '' **, 
  and the place the legion was from was at some point under the influence of carthage . 
  what ? 
  how does this prove that there should be dark-skinned people wandering around in the film `` brave '' ? 
  even if we follow that argument , it just leaves too many holes to be a valid theory . 
  carthage was phoenician , sure , but we do n't really know if that roman legion the op is talking about was therefore full of dark skinned men . 
  still , if we assume that these romans make their way to scotland and build up settlements - does that small number of immigrants immediately result in non-whites all over scotland ? 
  even if the romans reproduced with the scottish , the gene pool of the population would still be like 96 % white ( as it is today ) . 
  some other random arguments against the `` black people in scotland theory '' that come to mind :, 
  - if black/asian/whatever merchants arrived in scotland , they 'd probably be in places with ports . 
  - if there was a stray immigrant , they would probably also stick to cities . 
  - brave is set in the highlands , which was ( according to what i can read on the internet ) kind of hard to reach and isolated . 
  i know that 's not a very good overview - i 'm not even saying that everyone on the post has no idea what they 're talking about . 
  i just find the theory very , very , improbable and find that it expresses a one-sided view . 
  i 'd appreciate some discussion !, 
  thanks , good explanation !, 
  perfekt . 
  currently addicted to that because my sister introduced me to it . 
  agreed . 
  i 'm studying in england but am from germany . 
  i appreciate being here and do n't expect people to pay attention to the fact i 'm german , but i 'll be damned if i do n't eat some chocolate tomorrow morning in celebration of nikolaus !, 
  i think you 're being a bit judgemental here - i think the descriptions that woman gave were pretty realistic . 
  if i went on a mission to try those tips , it would probably go down a similar road . 
  i 'd probably try out the pepper beforehand as well ... you know ... just to see how extreme my reaction to it is . 
  the article was written with a very non-serious approach ; it 's obvious that her and her girlfriend must have a pretty light-hearted relationship , considering they were both down to trying all of that stuff out . 
  it 's not really half-assing , it 's probably more realising that the tips are completely impractical . 
  would you be able to take a blowjob involving a donut seriously ? 
  would you be able to have sex knowing that you 're going to get pepper sprayed in the face ? 
  would you really feed your girlfriend ice cream in the dark without putting a second sheet over the bed ? 
  cosmo tips just are n't made for sexiness . 
  good luck in your exam !, 
  yup ... the subtitle one of the pictures reads `` at work with just chilling '' . 
  ashamed of my country right now ... 
  i just thought of them as germans :p, 
  maybe she was referring to the ` rechtschreibreform ' where certain spellings were changed ( da\u00df became dass etc ) . 
  but that does n't mean we do n't have many words with the \u00df - and not using it is mispelling it . 
  i understand that people without a german keyboard may prefer using oe , ue , ae and ss , so that 's a different story . 
  but we still use it  ( in different words . 
  in the rechtschreibereform , many words spelled with the \u00df were changed to be spelled ss . 
  but not all of them ) . 
  i 'm in my first year at uni away from home . 
  my flatmates are antisocial , so i mostly am by myself .
