  mixing up not just two , but three languages !, 
  so random !, 
  haha that 's awesome !, 
  i 'm german - i live in the uk , so i definitely have had many moments where i 've gotten german and english mixed up . 
  i relate . 
  on an unrelated note - i went to korea last october for a week and absolutely loved it , what an awesome country !, 
  usually buy them for 1.50 # in the uk when they 're on offer ( and they 're always on offer ) , so about 3 canadian $ , think about 5 $ when not on offer . 
  and i thought that was overpriced !, 
  actually not just america !, 
  a ton of other countries . 
  ( like germany ) . 
  maybe yours is the decoy one ... 
  that 's a great catch !, 
  only adds to the other ( less subtle ) things that made the mm insufferable . 
  agreed - we know for sure that titus ( and other grounders ? ), 
  know about the col and want to find out more . 
  it will be interesting to know exactly what kid of connection alie and the grounders have , especially since the grounders live practically devoid of technology . 
  interesting thoughts - though the part about the vikings made me laugh . 
  it would be super interesting to learn more about earth 's relationship to space - how many stations , what nations funded them , when they were put up , etc. 
  i especially like the idea of learning more about how becca pulled off what she did . 
  yeah , i know we saw the flags . 
  however , it does make you wonder how all of it came about . 
  i mean , the ark is like 80 % white people ? 
  ( so not a lot of asians/africans/hispanics ? ) . 
  it seemed to be like it was n't a very accurate representation of earth 's population . 
  of course it all depends on who had the money/influence to be launched in space . 
  when i started watching it ( last year ) i was super ill - spent one entire weekend watching season 1-2 . 
  it was a bit hazy , but so good . 
  amazing commentary . 
  i love the idea of a raccoon that hangs out outside people 's houses to give them grammar advice . 
  thinking about it , i 'd take any rodent 's advice over that of this rp buffoon . 
  no language , no society but all those furry creatures are still wiser than the oh-so highly evolved terp . 
  not to mention that reading is a super good replacement for entertainment when phones die ? 
  i commute and also travel a few times a year - have a shit phone so at the moment , i try to take books with me . 
  2hr wait at airport + 2hr flight + train = time you have to kill anyway and ca n't really use for work ( hard to concentrate ) . 
  what about measuring audience response across media/genres ? 
  i study visual communication and am writing my dissertation about the representation of lesbians in video games . 
  no idea how i 'm getting away with that . 
  but it 's awesome . 
  ` go worry about something that matters ' . 
  representation does matter . 
  it matters to lgbt teenagers . 
  it 's great if you 're in a place in life where you are not affected by stuff you see on tv . 
  but a lot of teenagers are . 
  i was when i was 15 . 
  gay fans on tumblr raised 30k for the trevor project , a charity dedicated to help lgbt teenagers . 
  and talking about it on social media makes people more aware to the issue . 
  you seem to feel above it . 
  but let me assure you that it does feel real and important to thousands of people . 
  life is strange is my main focus , though i did consider gone home !, 
  the problem is n't that she died . 
  gay characters obviously should n't be protected from dying , and no one has argued that . 
  sure , there 's less queer characters than straight characters as it stands , so personally i 'd like them to stay alive , but you 're right about lexa , her death was hinted a lot , and there was scheduling issues . 
  understandable . 
  what i personally found offensive was the queer baiting the show runners employed ( attracting an lgbt following with the promise of a non clich\u00e9 storyline ) , and then to kill her off in a very quick , cheap way . 
  there was no build-up - killing her directly after the love scene essentially discarded the character . 
  just look at the pr nightmare that has happened - the backtracking , the hinting at bellamy/clarke . 
  it really is n't respectful . 
  and then there 's the part where it totally is a clich\u00e9 . 
  tara on buffy , delphine on orphan black , the chick on chicago fire , just to name a few . 
  jason r may try to sell this as an original plot twist , but it really , really is n't and it 's infuriating that he is playing dumb . 
  you ca n't argue with me that lesbians usually get happy endings . 
  they do n't . 
  the fandom is n't just upset that their favourite character died ( sucks , but happens ) , they 're upset because of the way it has been treated . 
  so how much do you usually end up paying for a pizza in the us ? 
  ( say , a not horribly cheap one - maybe something like domino 's or papa john 's ? ) . 
  asking because in europe we just do n't tip even for delivery , i 'm wondering how the total price compares . 
  late to this post but wanted to add that i saw someone do the maths for this and apply it to straight characters - if the same percentage of them had died , that would apparently mean around 330 character deaths just january - now . 
  like that is clearly a very high number and i am certain that people would complain if shows were killing all characters off at this rate . 
  yet , when lgbt watchers complain about their representation being killed off , straight people like to say that they 're being killed off `` because equality '' , aka anyone can die . 
  i completely get that . 
  but it is not equality ? 
  woah woah there cowboy do n't forget about movies . 
  there 's still the lgbt category on netflix with 2/5 rated movies that feature the same horrible cliches over and over !, 
  ! 11 it 's all good because i s2g we will never run out of films telling the groundbreaking story of old-lesbian-woman-who-is-probably-a-teacher seducing younger-woman-struggling-with-sexuality !, 
  yes , completely agree . 
  nobody is complaining about characters dying in general . 
  it just changes a little bit when there 's like less than 10 other gay women on tv who actually have plot lines ( i am currently binge watching rizzoli & isles because i can always pretend they 're gay ) . 
  it 's all a very complicated mess ( for example arguing what alternatives there would have been ? ), 
  but at this point it 's pretty clear that it 's not just about lexa dying on the the 100 any more ; it 's about how it was handled afterwards ( the creators did not show an appropriate amount of compassion or care imo ) and the media in general . 
  i 'm very glad that the 100 got this conversation started , i hope that we can keep it going . 
  yeah i 've tried that , does n't change the emojis : /, 
  i 've downloaded almost every keyboard available including the google one and they do n't change the emojis . 
  that sucks . 
  maybe once the warranty is over i 'll do it . 
  i will probably look into it ... 
  just to add some perspective - i do n't think it 's just about the sexuality . 
  as you said , kids can act stereotypical for their gender and still be gay . 
  so why do those parents still get upset ? 
  because it 's not just about how their children look and act . 
  parents like that do n't give a shit about what their kids actually do . 
  you could see it in the vague description : do n't be fat , do n't be stupid , do n't be different . 
  it 's about ` saving face ' and having kids that are like everyone else 's . 
  i was super tomboyish growing up and my parents did n't actually have a huge issue with that . 
  but as soon as i came out as gay ? 
  it 's about the concept of it : some parents have this fantasy that kids need to fulfil for them . 
  it can be having good grades and it can be marrying a man , having two kids and living in a suburb . 
  parents often want the ` normal ' and ` easy ' life for their kids - even though they do n't realise that their kids do n't want that . 
  they want to follow their hearts , even if it is n't easy . 
  sorry i rambled , this is a pretty emotional topic for me !,
