  the cartridges are expensive as hell ( 55 # for the whole set ) and obviously do n't last that long . 
  however i 'm inclined to say it 's an awesome printer and the quality is worth it ... 
  that sounds fair enough . 
  i 'm a student still , and my university charges absolutely ridiculous amounts ( 25 for a coloured page afaik ) . 
  finally motivated me to get my own . 
  also means printing from the comfort of my home :-), 
  this is crazy to me because i know people from my uni were on a class trip to paris during the bombings , too . 
  nobody i know , but people from my course and a few tutors i know ( like this cute older lady ) . 
  i saw on facebook that there was people from my course in paris and was immediately concerned and then relieved when they updated to say that they were all safe back at their hostel . 
  i 'm the first person to make jokes about my uni but in that moment it was just not cool . 
  glad you made it home safe mate . 
  i 've seen lots of different combinations mentioned ; personally i did it with grasslands ( level 55 ) , rpg ( 30 ) , arcade ( 5 ) and box bear . 
  this took me weeks because i was playing to level up rpg and i had to do it over a long time . 
  you can do it , you just need to find the combination that works for you and absolutely clear 100 % of the board . 
  i 've been waiting to get 8bit ( played the treasure event more than 20 times over the last few weeks ) but no luck yet . 
  did it take long for him to drop on your game ? 
  i did n't have any trouble clearing it but it was super satisfying . 
  coins as rewards were the best part of it . 
  is n't it closer to 2 and a half years or so ? 
  we know that arya is 9 or so in got and then she is 11 in affc , right ? 
  also , jon goes from 14 to 16 and so on . 
  there is a compilation of this somewhere . 
  definitely more than one year , though . 
  my thoughts exactly haha . 
  do guys think that periods are embarrassing ? 
  still does n't really work though . 
  i 'm german ( but do n't live there ) and since that movie has been announced and the notion of ` krampus ' has gained traction , i 've been asked many times now abour it . 
  i did n't even have any clue what it was !, 
  i think it 's a legend limited to a very , very small region . 
  ( edit , someone is saying it 's from bavaria , so nevermind ` very ' ), 
  if you 're trying to be funny here , you 're really not . 
  bavaria is n't a small region of germany , but it is a region . 
  i actually grew up in the south ( not bavaria , but south ) . 
  so it is regionally limited . 
  did n't say anything about austria which of course is not a small region . 
  and you 're being a bit weird . 
  all i did was bring up that i ( as a german ) had n't heard of something that 's german , dunno what it has to do with my sense of humour, 
  hi , you sound really knowledgeable about this stuff , maybe you can help me too ? 
  i 'm trying to go through your reply and see what applies . 
  my problem : laptop is incredibly slow on wifi ( no streaming , pictures and websites super slow ) . 
  all other devices are fine on wifi . 
  laptop works fine with ethernet cable . 
  as far as i remember this has only been an issue since upgrading to windows 10 ? 
  i tried to find my driver for wifi but it all seemed up to date . 
  is there anything else i can do ? 
  oh man , those tesco extra value chicken packages ... just the way they look makes me feel kinda weird about where it came from . 
  i know the 3 # chicken breast probably did n't come from a chicken that lived a super happy life and died happy but i do wonder what happened to the meat in the 1 # big plastic bags ... : /, 
  hi , it 's a bit unclear how big the problem is . 
  are you financially dependant on your parents ? 
  do you have to live with them ? 
  if you are independent , you can choose to do what you want with your money and visit your partner and wait ( or hope ) fir your parents to come around . 
  was in similar situation once . 
  pm me if you want . 
  i ca n't believe i had to scroll down so far to find this !, 
  seems weird how people do n't know there 's free launchers that have the premium nova features ... 
  i think it depends what cinema you go to ? 
  our local cinema does n't do it , i have n't been to an odeon that does it ( besides premiere i think ) but cineworld does it, 
  wow , how bad was working for hallmark ? 
  i 'm in the uk and they do n't seem that bad here ? 
  interesting . 
  what area did you work in ? 
  dude , where did he say that the application requirement was lowered ? 
  i 'm in the uk and it 's bloody expensive to study here too , so a scholarship just makes it a bit easier for people to pursue the subject they 're passionate about ? 
  hey !, 
  hope you see this here . 
  i 'm loving the verses matches and especially the ability to match with someone random . 
  however there is one feature that - imo - would vastly improve the experience . 
  i usually do n't play the first challenge i get matched with : sometimes i specifically want a timed challenge and sometimes the challenge that appears has 0 points . 
  to find a new challenge , the match has to be discarded and the dialogue opened again , which takes some time . 
  would it be possible to implement a ` find a different match button ' or even swipe functionality ? 
  ( easily swipe through challenges until one appears that you like ) . 
  there is disproportionately more untimed than timed challenges and i 'd just like to be able to find a timed one faster !, 
  thanks for being awesome developers !, 
  after that first line , i expected a rude ( racist , sexist , sarcastic ) comment and was sorely disappointed . 
  never before did i consider innocent puns about ` wheat byproducts ' being grounds for eternal torment in hell . 
  i guess the pun just left such a fierce burn on her drinking friends that a hole burned into the ground , directly leading her to hell . 
  i hear she is still toasting with satan today . 
  what country are you from ? 
  thought it was pretty obvious he 's american , they use gpas of 4.0 and under and the mention of the sats makes it pretty clear . 
  he also mentions multiple unis from the us . 
  i think the uk also has sats but no gpa . 
  what country are you from ? 
  ( i 'd assume germany because of the 15 point system ? 
  oh , that 's quite interesting , did n't know australia had the 15 point system . 
  had it in germany although we do n't really use the word gpa . 
  well , the translation of ` grade point average ' that we use is ` notendurchschnitt ' , and afaik there is no commonly used acronym . 
  in years 5 - 10 , the average is taken from grades that vary between 1 and 6 ( so a to f ) . 
  an average of 1.0 would be all as ( extremely good ) . 
  in the last two years of school ( 11 - 12 ) we have points from 15 - 1 . 
  however , those grades are also commonly transferred back into the 1 - 6 scheme . 
  so , you could average 15 points in a subject and it would then translate ( roughly ) to a 1.0 . 
  sorry , this is a bit complicated !, 
  it 's interesting how the systems are so similar in aus/ger . 
  i live in the uk now and it 's a nightmare to explain the german school system to anyone here because it 's so different . 
  they do n't use gpas of any sorts . 
  if you do n't mind me asking to explain your school system further - are your secondary schools like the us where all kids go to the same type of school ( high school ) or is it different ? 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  it 's an example of sexism because you would n't read those kinds of comments applied to men . 
  box bear was worth it in the earlier levels . 
  definitely helped me beat the boss in the chapter where he drops .
