  ( in this case , however , i was just wanting to add something over my pencil sketch ) . 
  hey there !, 
  i know you apologised in the title , but i 'm just letting you know i 'm personally passing up on this because of the low resolution - the face really is n't detailed enough for me to come up with a drawing . 
  good luck !, 
  it really all depends on the specific picture , haha . 
  other people might be as well , though . 
  woah , i might give that one a shot !, 
  cool colours . 
  had a lot of fun drawing this !, 
  bout an hour or so in total . 
  i also could n't resist sketching the booty . 
  i 'm aware a lot is wrong with it  after spending time on the actual photo op posted i managed to just get a quick sketch done . 
  feel free to give me advice on how to improve !, 
  with some marker colours - http://i.imgur.com/q8ujtph.jpg, 
  was fun to do , thanks for the picture , 
  i started posting here again a few days ago , so you might have . 
  glad you enjoyed it !, 
  ah yes , it is simple in theory . 
  take a look at the reference picture i used - my sketch definitely exaggerates its proportions and that 's why i 'm happy with it , 
  mods seem to be really strict around here , every time something like this happens ( i posted here last year and i remember a op telling me i did n't draw him correctly ) something was said . 
  in general i 'm not bothered at all by criticism , especially when they have n't proven they can do better  thank you for the support !, 
  well , or instagram . 
  i 'm in uni in brum and my course mates from london talked about how happy they were they do n't have to go back home just to go to one there . 
  ah , i know the kind . 
  oh god . 
  thanks for this , that 's just ... wow . 
  well i do n't follow reddit 24/7 , randomly saw it here and am glad i did . 
  where 's that ? 
  how about legalising gay marriage first . . no ? 
  chill , i was n't serious . 
  i 'm aware homosexuality does n't land you in jail ( rightfully so ) . 
  i was merely poking at the fact that there is such interest in this recommendation which seems like less of a pressing matter than gay rights do . 
  there are no moral issues that would speak against gay marriage being legal , as opposed to incestuous relationships . 
  yeah , i do agree with this . 
  i know there 's many people in germany who are very biased towards homosexuality . 
  that 's why i 'm wondering how the would handle a demand like this , as that surely would be seen as worse ? 
  or are incest and homosexuality on the same level of ` shock ' to conservative people ? 
  and although your reaction is on an emotional level , you 're reacting based on the moral values and facts you 've picked up growing up  it 's subjective , but still holds value imo . 
  i prefer ` i 'm a photographer , and i can definitely picture you and i together ' . 
  i actually think 3dnpc did a great job with followers . 
  generally voiced really well , suitable for different playstyles . 
  not there to be sexy , either . 
  sometimes , travelling alone gets boring , and qa ` dojo , my khajit follower , always puts smile on my face . 
  edit : oh and you actually find them quite randomly , like you would meet lore characters . 
  a jacket potato , beans and cheese has to be one of the easiest thing you can make without buying it packaged , right ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  thanks for sharing these , awesome work !, 
  do you do art/design stuff for a job , or are these just for fun ? 
  that 's awesome to hear !, 
  thank you so much for replying !, 
  if you are comfortable with it , pm me any social media you post your work on . 
  i honestly love your work . 
  i am a second year illustration student and just trying to take advantage of looking at other people 's greatness , 
  thank you !, 
  it seems a lot less active but i 'll make sure to post there . 
  absolutely !, 
  it 's lyrics by the german artist casper from the song xoxo . 
  it says ` we live the songs that we love ' on top and then ` the plans that we make ,, 
  unspecific , young and stupid ', 
  thank you so much !, 
  i 'm glad you enjoyed it , 
  yes , i was simply asking where to post , as i was n't sure if any subreddit was really suitable . 
  lettering does not have a lot of digital work either . 
  calligraphy is a very big sub , which is why i asked , 
  also , what says that all of these people are taking the class because they 're aspiring graphic designers ? 
  from what i 've heard about college in the us , you can take random classes if you just feel like it . 
  maybe they have other strengths and were forced to do these assignments that are n't in their usual area of practice ... 
  i study something art related and i respect it if people are not great at every aspect of design . 
  i 'm studying a 3 year bachelor of art course in the uk . 
  i have modules within this course . 
  i ca n't take classes in other subjects . 
  when applying to university here , you choose one subject and apply to different universities that offer the course you want to do . 
  i have heard about the us system and am kind of jealous . 
  i would love to be able to attend some different things , and be able to change what i 'm `` majoring in '' . 
  hope this clears up what i meant . 
  i also encounter people like that . 
  goes to show that people like that will be around no matter if it 's their major or their minor . 
  it 's all about attitude . 
  personally , i 'm shocked to see just how many people are lazy , unmotivated or simply ignorant . 
  i came to study art because i am passionate about it . 
  it brings me down to see that others are just there because it 's `` easy '' or because they do n't know what else to do . 
  in my current module this term , i have seriously learnt new depths of how lazy ( or efficient ? ), 
  professors can be when it comes to reducing their workload . 
  besides the final assessment being of our group project , my teacher has also decided that she ` does n't have the time ' to individually mark each persons progress . 
  ( uk here so you fill out work check assessment sheets ) . 
  so she asked us to turn to the person sitting next to us and have them assess our progress , write it down ourselves , and email it to her . 
  no effort for her . 
  i 'm concerned with this because my group members filled out my assessment sheet and i ended up with quality feedback such as ` quality work ' and ` you talk to the group !, 
  so disturbed he does n't even use proper german grammar anymore :(, 
  thanks for your comment ... been reading this thread incredibly confused as so many females have said they find it weird to cuddle their female friends . 
  i get that that everyone has different levels of affection with their friends , but i 'm surprised that so many people perceive cuddling female friends as weird . 
  especially close friends . 
  meanwhile , my amazon recommended men 's underwear to me :( i 'm female and have never bought underwear off amazon . 
  yeah , i do in bed , but not in every day life . 
  does n't go well with skinny jeans if you get me . 
  i 'm sure most girls do n't wear them anyway . 
  that 's the impression i got as well . 
  and holy hell , i would never act this entitled if invited to celebrate with a different family . 
  seems like there 's more important parts about the festivities than certain food . 
  ( and i say that coming from a family with a very odd christmas dinner ) .
