do any of these group support secular liberal western democracy ? 
  at least assad is a secular dictator at this point what the syrian population want is not relevant . 
  their problems are now hurting us . 
  we must restore order with iron fists . 
  at least it must be split like germany with assad retaining the coast and the turk border, 
  yes all 13 million people ethnic cleansed were nazis right ? 
  and the entire population of dresden ? 
  who ? 
  the kurds ? 
  the fsa is islamist , so is al nusra so is isis . 
  assad is an evil man but best of bad option, 
  not america who burned our cities to the ground ... and comitted war crimes against our civilians that have gone unpunished . 
  i 'm not pro russia either . 
  i 'm neutral just anti american, 
  syrian refugees or turks ? 
  oh is that not where rue des rosiers is ? 
  because i remember seeing kosher shops and religious jews over there but this was about 5 years ago, 
   open and diverse society apparently the open and diversity is n't working because people are dead . 
  tolerance and apathy are the last virtue of a dying society - aristotle, 
  screw that nwo stuff . 
  we are not one world we are all seperate nations . 
  there is no moderate syrian opposition unless al qaeda is moderate to tusk, 
  that is the jewish neighborhood right ? 
  could there be another attack ? 
  he also just did an interview where he said that irish media should guilt irish ethnicity people in the uk to vote to stay in he is a bad bad man, 
  no but it adds an unnecessary amount of problem that we do n't need . 
  ask anyone who comes from landstuhl for instance . 
  it is not just germany too american soldiers are animals in japan and korea and phillipines too , troop prescense also strains our relations with the russian federation which from a practical place is much closer physically to us then america and we should try to move closer to them . 
  http://boards.straightdope.com/sdmb/showthread.php?t=342191 answers the question, 
  i would like to leave both but since germany is ( self appointed ) leader of eu that 's not practical . 
  you do n't have to be nato to be eu , sweden is not nato , serbia is joining and is not nato . 
  i do not want american troop bases here either they get drunk and commit rapes and it 's generally bad news . 
  what does this mean ? 
  my country has its own problems at home that we need to care for before a foreign country . 
  i am not french . 
  i would love too so much, 
  it is not an either or . 
  climate change did not cause isis , islam caused isis . 
  isis is just being pious muslims and following their god . 
  very sorry about that and military intervention in the mena was a mistake but at the day 's end we owe nothing to non eu citizens and we must prioritise saving one european life over the entire population of syria and iraq . 
  this is the first responsibility of our government to take care of its citizens first . 
  i agree with most . 
  also she wants a cheap labour force for german industry ... funny how far leftist like linke support exploitation of cheap workers when it fits their agenda . . do some research on irishman peter sutherland ... he wants to `` destroy national homogeneity '' and bring in lots of cheap workers . 
  it 's disgusting, 
   as for poles being anti-german , do you really blame them/us ? 
  no i do n't . 
  it is a terrible history . 
  one is preferable to the other also france has all demonstrations banned right now, 
   have you studied these religions ? 
  who are you to say they 're not compatible with german society ? 
  why are n't they compatible ? 
  because islam in its common form is about where christianity was during the wars of religion in europe . 
   people were crosses openly i 'm sure . 
  does that make you uncomfortable ? 
  do you make them feel uncomfortable ? 
  a little cross , sure but if you wear a big cross emblazoned on your chest yes it makes me a bit uncomfortable and i would stare yes . 
   people are n't allowed to retain any parts of their culture ? 
  at all ? 
  they ca n't hold any of their own practices ? 
  does that mean they can never speak their own mother tongue anymore ? 
  does that mean that , they should n't go to any restaurants that has food from their home country ? 
  they ca n't wear any clothes that represent the place they came from ? 
  they ca n't have any sort of pride from there ? 
  at all ? 
  if you want to do that then why are you here in germany , in europe ? 
  look at the germans who went to america , the anglicise their names and spoke in english to their children only . 
   it 's a personal choice , and they have every right to compromise their own values . 
  it 's their lives , not yours . 
  you do n't get to decide how much someone should integrate . 
  if they adopt your culture , and preserve their own . 
  i see literally nothing wrong with that . 
  why does it have to be so black and white with you . 
  it make me feel like you want to get the benefit of our society without the work . 
  like a parasite feeding on the host . 
   why does religion have to be associated with a national identity . 
  where do christians go in that case ? 
  what country do they go to ? 
  they do n't have an israel , or an islamic country . 
  where do you send them off to ? 
  many country in europe have an official church and are thus christian countries ...  they have every right to practice their religion , and the laws in europe protect those rights . 
  yes and the law also protect my right to be made uncomfortable and regard them as permanent foreigners ...  freedom , that 's a western value . 
  that 's something that clearly you do n't respect . 
  because you 're not respecting their freedoms . 
  i do n't respect the freedom to come to a western country and wear what is akin to a shirt that says `` i hate the west and what ever it stands for '' . 
  freedom has limit ... scientology is banned in germany . 
  back in the old times the communist party was banned in america . 
  national socialism is banned here . 
  my grand father came to the ruhr region as displaced person and orphan originally from lw\u00f3w in 1950 . 
  because then it became part of the soviet union . . 
  i have heard that from poland nationalist there is still anti-german sentiment because of long ago . 
  i just did n't want to intrude if i was not welcome . 
  i speak barely any polish but i have a polish surname . 
  why should we put ourself at any more risk . 
  i am against bombing but i want no more . 
  even if 0.02 % of migrants are terroristic and kill one european is too much . 
  my government is not responsible for the lives of earth but for the lives of citizens . 
  if 100000 migrants ca n't stay or go back to their potential death and it saves the life of one german or french it is worth it for me . 
  also even if refugees are plenty good people what about their kids ? 
  many of the terrorist are euro born . 
  too much risk for me .
