  they might be grammatical errors according to today 's standards , however it is actually possible that language rules were different . 
  for instance i 'm pretty damn sure that at one time using `` be '' instead of `` de '' was the norm . 
  or `` orc\u00e1d '' is another example . 
  the word is n't used any more in daily use ( probably confined to poems now ) since it 's now `` arcod '' . 
  most of his errors are also in words that use a double letter which admittedly i have no idea if they once were correct , but i do n't find it impossible that they were in the hungarian used a 100 + years ago . 
  ( since the op does n't know who the writer was he also does n't know his age , but i think we can agree that j\u00f3zsef is over or around at least 18 when he wrote that based on the topic , but he could also have been 50 , which would put him back to the 19th century and languages can change in the time between then and now ) . 
  however it also completely plausible that he is n't hungarian . 
  i would rule out him being german because `` siv\u00e1k '' does n't sound like a german name . 
  then again it is definitely not a hungarian one because traditional hungarian names denote your origin or in cases your trade/trait , i.e. 
  `` magosi '' ( someone from magos ) or `` kis '' ( someone who is small ) and if it ends with `` y '' instead of `` i '' than it represented nobility . 
  since the austro-hungarian monarchy existed between 1867 -- 1918 and it included czechoslovak territories it might be that his name was hungarianised ( totally made that word just up ) and since the official language was hungarian he might have learned it but not perfectly . 
  i mean he could definitely speak it properly , but writing is not the same as speaking ( just look at english how differently some words are written ), 
  ** kiptsak ** definitely got it right . 
  it 's a love poem/song . 
  very good one too in my opinion . 
  csak egyet is l\u00e1tn\u00e9k aki anna and my crappy english translation :  songish ^ 1 songish song   this book belongs to siv\u00e1k j\u00f3zsef . 
   i bought it on 9/17 1900 ... ...  1 . 
  with a long stare i look at the silent night sky . 
   thousands of stars waving from the  heights . 
  there is n't a road that will lead me  to you . 
  oh how far , oh how far  is this paradise ^ 2 . 
   on a silent night i 'm sitting facing you . 
  from your lovely eyes my bliss  laughs back at me . 
  the destiny , the chain  of love ties me to thee . 
  your beautiful  face bathes in a shower of kisses . 
  oh  how close , oh how close is this paradise ^ 3 ;   1 why does the flock of white  swan up in the clouds  fly to the west why does not  it fly to the east . 
   2 if i could see only one who   ^ 1 untranslatable , it does n't have a meaning , play on words . 
   ^ 2 literally translates to `` heaven '' , but i found `` paradise '' to be more appropriate  ^ 3 same as above , except it is meant to be more emphasised by taking apart the compound word `` menyorsz\u00e1g ''  and pronouncing the two words , `` meny '' ( heaven ) and `` orsz\u00e1g '' ( country , kingdom ) , separately to give them more weight . 
  edit : fixed spelling errors, 
  hungarians use \u00f6 and \u00fc . 
  there are not german or english words in that text . 
  it certainly is bad news , especially since i just bought a mondeo from that factory i feel bad for the people who worked hard on them . 
  i would n't have thought that ford is losing that much money in europe but at least they are n't moving production to asia . 
  [ i see your crap and raise you mine ] ( http://i.minus.com/ijaxfcnn7kxrc.jpg ), 
  socially , i would be ok with it . 
  i do n't have a problem with people and their customs . 
  in fact i 'd prefer it if certain aspects of american culture would just stick with us , but i do n't think we 'll ever be that close . 
  america is the melting pot of cultures , the eu is n't . 
  in fact i 'd say the eu nations are characterised by a strong national identity and we first have to accept each other , before we try to accept the us . 
  politically , hell no . 
  i do n't want the eu to be run by corporations and industries ( although i fear one day it will be inevitable , censoring tpb is just the start ) and liberties , rights thrown down the gutter . 
  no ndaa , cispa , sopa , patriot act and other shite they come up with . 
  hopefully acta will fall . 
  economically ... well no comment . 
  i guess economic relations are good already . 
  i never heard of this before . 
  sounds fake to me . 
  i ca n't say i agree with you . 
  i lived all my life alongside gypsies . 
  have you ? 
  i know for a fact that decent ones exist . 
  i also know that a lot of them are wealthy . 
  however their numbers are relatively small and some of the wealthy ones are connected to organised crime in romania . 
  if i 'd really have to name some decent ones , then i 'd say they are the ( g\u00e1bor ) gabriel-gypsies . 
  they are a group from transylvania most easily recognisable by their distinctive hats every male member wears . 
  they are good artisans and they are n't the ones migrating to western countries , because they actually work . 
  i 've never seen a g\u00e1bor beg nor was i ever bothered by one . 
  here 's a link to wikipedia , but unfortunately it 's only in hungarian http://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%a1bor-cig%c3%a1nyok, 
  the pot calling the kettle black . 
  do n't generalise , what the nazis did with the jews was horrible . 
  i do n't even want that for the gypsies . 
  all i want is to be able to go to the supermarket without 4 gypsy children begging for money promising prayers to god in my name . 
  if you however refuse then they curse you down to the devil . 
  every single time . 
  i also want to sit in the park without being bothered by gypsies yet again begging for money . 
  i want to go down the street without a gypsy woman with the kid on her breasts begging money using her kid to morally blackmail you into giving something . 
  ( i do n't ) i also want to stop at a red light without a gypsy banging on my window yet again asking for money . 
  i also do n't want to see them using the fountain in the middle of town as their personal swimming pool . 
  if they ca n't become productive members of society they ca n't integrate . 
  school is free here , getting proper education is not an excuse . 
  universities have specific scholarship programs just for gypsies . 
  i would n't have a problem with them otherwise . 
  as for work , only those ca n't find jobs who do n't want to work . 
  there is always something to do and instead of sending out their kids onto the streets to beg threatening them with a beating , they should go do some jobs that they are capable of handling . 
  not everything requires a university degree . 
  of course the first is easier then the latter , not to mention the government is giving away money in form of aids , but also in cash so they can survive , yet they do n't give anything back . 
  i 'm not saying the government should n't offer this to them or to anyone , they however should impose a limit on how many months you can get this in your life . 
  currently there is a time limit based on the age of your child , the only problem is once , the times up , they just make another child and the whole thing starts over again . 
  that 's why they came up with esperanto , but it never caught on . 
  tl ; dr : american media and business . 
  ----------- since american media is practically shoved down our throats , it 's not surprising actually that the numbers are growing steadily . 
  i do see the benefit a common language and wish more people could speak english . 
  the thing is , as a foreigner you are more likely to meet with or introduced to people who can speak english , but the truth is , the number of english speakers in romania and hungary is n't that big . 
  at least from my experience romanian online seem to be more versed in english , with most of them including a few words in their posts , however i also frequent some hungarian forums and the situation there is that they either speak english , or they do n't speak it at all . 
  ( although i 'm hoping irl it 's better ) english is mandatory in schools but kids still wo n't learn it if they are not interested . 
  my ex-classmates are perfect examples . 
  english taught in school is very basic and it 's impossible to fail the course , but the problem is with the curriculum imo . 
  it 's simply not engaging enough , it ca n't catch the attention of the students unfortunately . 
  the best you can do until you finish high school is a1 without any extracurricular activities . 
  however thanks to the internet , video games and films ( since they are often not available in romanian , or hungarian ) most of them are forced to read , play and watch ( with subtitles ) in english and that is contributing greatly . 
  the number of english speakers is growing imo , but it 's stopped being an asset and is nowadays a requirement . 
  if you give in a cv they basically already expect you to speak english . 
  i was at a job expo a few months ago and most companies are now searching for people who can speak german . 
  i learned it from tv back in the early 90s when cartoon network first came to romania . 
  i also learned german from tv so i 'm good to go . 
  the plan is that i 'll also learn a few other languages but it 's not a priority at the moment . 
  no shit . 
  scum remain scum wherever they go . 
  queue the downvoters who have no idea what it is like living alongside these people . 
  there were some quite awful ones last year too , but imo a few were acceptable .
