  hey , 3 strikes here we come . 
  i think it 's a bad idea to unite telecoms , but mr. almunia has it right : `` mr almunia has taken a tough stance against national mergers ... he has indicated more openness to cross-border tie-ups that would help build a single eu market , generate cross-border services and drive digital investment . '', 
  isps should connect their networks so speed and latency between countries is better , but that 's about all i 'd personally like . 
  eu should make downloading for personal use legal too . 
  he is right about the west taking political correctness way too seriously though . 
  especially america . 
  yeah sure i want them . 
  i 'd like to see every european country in the eu eventually . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  the article says they 'll lose out on 12 million euros ... that 's a lot of money to lose , out of good will . 
  but i guess if they can afford it then it 's good , i would n't mind it happening here too but only if they could sustain themselves somehow . 
  well if they have proof against them , then go for it . 
  i wonder what will be the outcome , but i wo n't be surprised if the `` church '' gets away without punishment . 
  as someone who has been to both private and public hospitals/clinics in oradea , i can vouch for you . 
  i also know people who chose to go to hungary , most of them couples , to give birth . 
  the beds and rooms are pretty clean in hospitals imo , ca n't say that about the toilets , but it 's a certainty that you have to buy your own medications or disposable tools like syringes . 
  it 's the same pretty much in the whole partium region of romania . 
  but they can still block stuff if they want . 
  it 's a move in the right direction though . 
  so what are we seeing there ? 
  in hungarian : ( linking google translate for pronounciations ) - american : [ amcsi ] ( http://translate.google.com/#auto/en/amcsi ) - japanese : jap\u00f3 or japcsi - russian : [ ruszki ] ( http://translate.google.com/#hu/en/ruszki ) somewhat offensive ones : - blacks : feka ( pl . 
  [ fek\u00e1k ] ( http://translate.google.com/#hu/en/fek%c3%a1k ) ) from fekete , meaning black - romanian : [ ol\u00e1h ] ( http://translate.google.com/#hu/en/ol%c3%a1h ) ( historically correct term , but usually used in a derogatory way in casual language , the romanian equivalent against hungarians would probably be [ bozgor ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=bozgor ) ) - german : fritz ( probably offensive , i would n't use in front of germans ) as for romanian nicknames , i dunno . 
  i 'm not a native speaker so i just call everyone the normal way . 
  i 'm pretty sure using a canoe on the danube is not a good idea . 
  i was one of the uninformed . 
  did n't know the eu as a whole was against it . 
  i was sure that western european countries would n't be signing , but i was n't sure about romania . 
  in this country anything can happen . 
  what about the mafia , triad etc. 
  true , true ... look at the brouhaha it caused and is causing in france . 
  good , while i personally did n't even try to get into the program , i think it 's a really good idea that is worth keeping . 
  i 'm happy they did n't end up scraping it . 
  i 'm proud of the eu for standing up against this bs . 
  to be frank i was slightly scared things will go the wrong way , but in the end freedom prevailed . 
  i love europe . 
  that 's just what we need . 
  my mum is a heavy smoker , nothing they can find in / r/wtf will change her mind about it , i tried convincing her . 
  romania already has these grotesque pics on packages , but not as big as the aussies ( and i see uk has them too ) . 
  even though i 'm not a smoker and i usually do n't like cigarette smoke , i 'm against these pictures . 
  they are fucking disgusting and i literally do n't know anyone who these persuaded to stop smoking . 
  there is one where they show a silhouette of a foetus , saying that smoking kills babies , every time one of my friends gets a package with that pic ... `` do n't smoke or you 'll get pregnant '' is what they say . 
  people do n't take it seriously . 
  never heard of it either . 
  i do n't really like to take medicine if i do n't have to , i wo n't start taking enhancement pills of any kind . 
  if i ca n't learn it i 'd rather fail the course . 
  although i heard chocolate/sugar can help so i usually eat a few pieces of choco or maybe a bar , but that 's it . 
  i have no idea whether it actually works or not ( i like to think it does ) , but i wo n't turn down a chance to eat some sweets . 
  good choice in my opinion , hopefully this will stimulate the growth of turism and be a good promotion for the hosting countries . 
  it might also be nice if the didnt host them all in capital cities . 
  almost got it , i mixed up estonia/latvia/lithuania , i just ca n't remember which is which . 
  edit : if someone is interested [ enigeo ] ( http://www.enigeo.org/en/ ) is a pretty good game just like the one linked . 
  the difference is that this has flags , capitals and includes every continent . 
  yes please . 
  yeah , if it 's domestic products than sure , but anything multinational will cost you or be the same . 
  for example electronics or clothing . 
  the worst part is everything costs the same or more here than it does in germany . 
  although admittedly i 'm better off than most of romania 's population , but i ca n't stop thinking how nice it would be if i everybody here could earn at least $ 500 a month and $ 1000 is really just a dream . 
  i 'm against federalisation , but if that is what it would take to get this country on track , i 'd might be willing to vote for it . 
  while i like the eu , i do n't like it that much and i 'm afraid it would turn into corporate america really quick alongside introduction of laws that again i would rather not have . 
  when i 'm abroad in a country where they usually ca n't speak english or german , i just pretend that my left palm is a paper and my right pointing finger a pen , pretend to write and say `` money '' . 
  they always understand it . 
  as for tips , i go for 10 % of the final fee . 
  i also find it disrespectful that for instance in italy they actually charge you the tip . 
  let that be my choice because if service is crap , i 'd rather not reward it with a tip . 
  do n't . 
  nukes should be absolute last resort . 
  i 'd watch this on tv . 
  thanks for the tip . 
  i 'll check them out . 
  aww , that 's too far away . 
  i was hoping some store chain carries it as i visit debrecen regularly . 
  which store sells that ? 
  same thing happened to my grandmother last year . 
  she received financial aid because she is blind completely on one eye and can barely see with the other . 
  they re-evaluated her documents , sent her to the doctors and after 15 + years they cut off the benefits because she can see enough to function in her home without aid . 
  1000 ron ( ~ 220 euros ) gone . 
  thankfully we have enough to support her , but her pension alone would n't be enough to cover all the bills in winter for instance . 
  that really rustled my jimmies especially because it 's clear it was politically motivated . 
  afaik a lot if not all people who were sent to retirement because of health issues were re-evaluated , most of them all people . 
  i 'm so fucking happy the dna is at least doing its job and putting the politicians behind bars . 
  all my friends started to drink strong bow ... fucking strong bow everywhere i go . 
  it 's especially popular with the lemon flavoured beer crowd . 
  yes , but the good thing with hungarian is that can you pretty much write everything down phonetically whereas in english that 's really bloody hard . 
  if ju n\u00f3 v\u00e1t \u00e1j m\u00edn  edit : forgot a word :p, 
  hungarians : tenses and why they have to use `` there '' in there is a cat in the living room . 
  also some/any . 
  sentence structure is more similar for romanians , as well as the use of the verb `` to be '' and some other stuff . 
  i am george . 
  in my opinion , it 's easier to learn english if you speak romanian instead of only hungarian and that 's probably the reason why more of the romanian youth can speak english while hungarian kids around here ca n't really . 
  yes . 
  i did this . 
  lost 42 kilos without much effort , you just have to be patient as weight loss is a slow process . 
  a word of advice though . 
  get used to muscle fever if you do n't exercise anything . 
  you had to move something heavy , muscle fever . 
  a dog chased you down the street , muscle fever . 
  you had sex , muscle fever . 
  as someone with a vodafone contract until august . 
  fuck that guy !, 
  probably made by some guy on a small scale from ops hometown or from a nearby village .
