  i also do n't want to lie , i 'm too lazy to do it myself . 
  yeah , i was just about to say it . 
  when he pronounces \u00fc , \u0171 both sounded pretty much like \u00fc too me and he could 've stretch out \u00f3 and \u00fa too , to make the difference more noticeable . 
  i also just totally realised that i would really like to take a hungarian course in an english speaking country or even in romania . 
  edit : just to see what kind of challenges people face when learning hungarian . 
  i use piros for t\u00e9gla . 
  i had two classmates in high school who did n't know where n/s/w / e were on a map . 
  edit : they were caught during recitation . 
  needless to say the prof flipped , they learned it though , but they still could n't find bigger cities like bucharest or cluj, 
  if anyone is interested in stuff that 's not mainstream american , here 's a pretty good hungarian film : [ taxidermia ] ( http://hungarian.imdb.com/title/tt0410730/ ) edit : oh yeah , the film is nsfw and contains disturbing images we 've talked about it in one of my philosophy classes . 
  i wo n't bore you guys with the topic of the lecture , so ... the film depicts three different generations , wwii , the communist years and post communism through the life of three characters , father , son , grandson . 
  you could interpret it in the sense that the main characters ' situation , life , bodies each represent the state of the country in the specific period the characters live in . 
  think of it as social criticism and satire , both of how things were in hungary during the three periods , but it also criticises the west and how they perceive a post communist country . 
  if anyone wants to follow this up with a discussion either here , or in private i 'm up for it . 
  in fact , ** if the mods have time ** , they should totally do a bi-weekly thing where we choose a european film , watch it and then talk it through here on in the subreddit . 
  although i suppose we would have to get a team up and running to do subtitles into english if they are not on the internet . 
  this probably is n't related to this announcement , but i just heard on the news today that telcos in romania have agreed that all calls between their networks will cost the same . 
  apparently they create `` bubble monopolies '' on their own , as the higher prices discourage subscribers from calling people outside their own network and in turn this makes it really hard for start-up telcos to gain marketshare . 
  basically the consumer wins in this case as it should drive up competition and it 's cheaper to call people . 
  i 'm surprised by our low number . 
  every village around my town has at least dsl from romtelecom and apparently rds is lying down fibre optic cables this year for them . 
  i usually listen to it in the car when i 'm not alone ( my music tastes do n't cater to most people ) and if it 's morning and i happen to be driving since there 's a great show called `` the morning show '' on class fm ( hungary ) . 
  i also use internet radio at work , classical music . 
  i do n't listen to radio in my free time . 
  i get where you are coming from and i agree , sometimes people will just stand by doing nothing because that 's the convenient thing to do as it removes any responsibility , but politics usually is n't a life or death situation . 
  killing a person to save five is still a burden that you have to bare and a moral obstacle . 
  choosing who to vote for is probably not that hard compared to your example . 
  i also think that by voting you can still justify complaining especially since you fulfilled your end of the bargain by casting a vote for your candidate of choice and if they do n't live up to expectations and their promises you have every right to complain . 
  i bloody hate how nobody here goes to vote . 
  i 'm in my 20s and 90 % of my friends do n't give a damn about voting . 
  the indifference towards elections or referendums is mind boggling ; even if the candidates are shitty at least you can try to choose the less bad of the two instead of giving up or try you can decide whether something should be done or not through a referendum . 
  the most common excuses i get : `` i do n't care '' , `` it wo n't make a difference anyway '' , `` all of them are shitty anyway so why bother '' . 
  i always go to vote , it takes literally 10 minutes tops . 
  it requires less effort than going to church and people do that every week not every few years . 
  so how much is the tax ? 
  this might also explain why one of the biggest online stores ( think wannabe amazon of romania ) is having a sale on printers ... or might be coincidence . 
  also , fuck them , this is stupid . 
  cyberbrains please . 
  thank you . 
  also if we could have simulated ai of our brains it would be great . 
  i 'd like to enjoy my theoretical immortality ... until they turn off the electricity . 
  fuck yeah , it feels good to finally select ma instead of ba on the survey . 
  now i can finally whine how i hate work instead of school . 
  yeah , the new infamous is the game i 'm looking forward to on the ps4 . 
  it 's gon na be awesome . 
  speaking of awesome , if you have the chance , try out journey . 
  i just got it yesterday and i have to say , it was one of the best games i 've ever played . 
  it 's still not fair for those who can permit to buy the consoles . 
  since i supported sony during this gen i 'm a little sad that after 7 years romania still has n't got a ps store if not for anything else , then to redeem the extra code for the stupid cars i got with the collector 's edition of gt5 or the activation of online passes . 
  there 's of course no xbox live support either . 
  xbox live and the ps store are n't even available in romania . 
  that 's my biggest complaint at the moment , since they give you online codes , but we ca n't redeem them unless we make a fake account . 
  edit : the eu should work on removing these bullshit region restrictions , but they should n't force the publishers to localise . 
  not just on xbox and ps , but also steam , itunes , spotify etc. 
  if you order online though , in some states ( of the us ) you do n't have to taxes afaik . 
  but i might be wrong . 
  if you can find them in english then : [ the m\u00e9zga family ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_m%c3%a9zga_family ) [ cat city ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cat_city ), 
  as someone who lost business because of poland , i 'm flabbergasted how the hell can they manufacture stuff so cheap so that they still make a profit and the final price ( includes transport to romania ) is still lower than the domestic price . 
  i know a friend who works at an online retailer in my town and the owner is in negotiations with romanian subsidiaries of internationals to get them to service ( in warranty ) products he buys from poland ( i.e. 
  tvs ) and sell them here . 
  i do n't know wtf you guys are doing there , but come here and tell us too . 
  well those jugs are always bloody dirty anyway . 
  it 's like they fill it up one time and they 'll never clean them ever again . 
  ( same goes for salt and pepper ) not a great loss for me or anyone i personally know . 
  if you 're not in a relationship , it 's cheaper to live with your parents . 
  not worth wasting your money on rent and bills imo . 
  tl ; dr agreed , i too wish it would change for the better . 
  i actually would n't really have a problem with the gypsies if they 'd be honest , i would even employ them , but those are rare and the prejudice ( which is not unfounded ) makes it harder for these honest ones to get any decent job . 
  i do believe that with effort they could catch up with others , maybe not in a generation , but two-three and the public opinion on them would definitely change over time as well . 
  but the romanian has to change as well if we in turn want to catch to western societies . 
  the mentality on work is really a negative one in romanians in general imo . 
  i never hear anyone say a good thing ever about their jobs , it 's always complaints ( prick boss , prick co-workers , prick customers , shit pay , shit job ) or they refuse to go to work even for 1200 lei god forbid it would pay 850 lei ( that 's how much my salary is ) because they are n't going to work for that kind of money , instead they 'll sit home dreaming of the $ 500 - $ 1000 job they do n't have . 
  also most from the younger generation ( read in their 20s ) pretty much wants to end up in a high position from the get go , but that 's not how it works . 
  you have to start somewhere and build up from there if you will be working for someone . 
  the final thing i noticed is that they are n't even motivated to work if they have a job , they simply do n't realise that if the firm is doing good , that means they 'll have a secure job , they can have bonuses or a raise etc. 
  instead they often times do a shitty job because the idea is that the boss is only leeching on them and using them , a heartless bastard . 
  or do n't care about equipment because `` the boss can afford it , he 'll just buy a new one '' . 
  if you accept a job then do it right imo . 
  if it 's an article where romania is in it , and it reflects poorly on them ( us ) , someone will always bring up the gypsies . 
  it 's kinda like how everything is upvoted to oblivion in / r/atheism and the top voted comment basically tells that op is an idiot because what they said is stupid . 
  good enough logic for me , i ca n't really speak for the entire country , i just based my comment on the assumption i have from what i saw around my town . 
  one of my friends ' mum works at charity ( ca n't think of a better word , they get a meal and help with homework ) which deals with poor children ages 6-13 and asked her because i was curious whether there were any non-gypsy children there and there are . 
  frankly i was expecting her to say no and i realised i was naive to think that . 
  i 'm not trying to downplay the problem as i have talked with several of the gypsy kids who beg at supermarkets and i would n't like to be in their shoes . 
  i just wish the gypsy community would get its shit together , send the kids to school , go to work and if the only work you can do is manual labour then do that instead of living completely on benefits and the money the kids beg together . 
  fixed , i always mix them if i do n't pay attention . 
  read what it says on the picture , `` national median '' , it does n't matter how poor the country is . 
  also apparently romania is rich . 
  i ca n't help but think that we earned top spot here because most gypsies are poor and they have way more kids on average than other people in the country . 
  edit : not then , but than, 
  no it should n't . 
  that 's a dirty way to deal with the `` separatists '' and most likely discriminatory . 
  either strip away romanian citizenship from everyone who has another one , or do n't do it to just a specific ethnic group . 
  also , a hungarian ethnic person is still a romanian citizen so they should be allowed to enjoy every right that a romanian ethnic and citizen can too . 
  stripping them of their romanian citizenship would also give rise to more animosity between the communities instead of helping the just cause of not allowing them autonomy . 
  would it then be okay for hungary to strip every romanian ethnic from their hungarian citizenship ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  if you have been born and lived your entire life in romania should you be forced to choose between the two ? 
  you wo n't have to pay vat twice , only to the country from which you bought it . 
  you also wo n't have to go to the customs office ( if you had to previously ) and the postman will bring the package home ( if it can be carried ) .
