yes , it 's the same here at the moment . 
  there was a big boom when the borders first opened but things have settled down a lot since then . 
  a lot of people also bought houses in the nearby hungarian villages because prices were incredibly low . 
  i 'm from carei which is even closer to the border than oradea so it was worth it to some people to make the commute . 
  i do n't think western countries will be enthusiastic about anything that is related to romania . 
  we are already used to it . 
  border guards asking for licence and registration . 
  i fucking hate it , ca n't wait for the day when border checks will be gone . 
  so please let romania into schengen already . 
  guess i should n't complain because this takes like 5 minutes instead of a day like it was before the eu , but still ... pls netherlands , the gypsies who wanted to go are already on your streets anyway . 
  also , i travel to another country to eat baked goodies and watch films . 
  sometimes i go shopping as well . 
  ca n't wait for the day we all finally adopt the euro . 
  there 's some truth to this . 
  i did my ba studies in english lit . 
  at a private university and there were people who could n't even speak english properly but still managed to get a diploma . 
  there even was an exam where like 80 % of the class was cheating and i actually overheard the professor 's assistant telling him `` you do know that all of them are copying right ? '', 
  and his reply `` yeah i know , what can you do ? '', 
  also one of my teachers continuously kept pronouncing piano as pie-anno and `` creature '' not with a long `` i '' sound but like the word `` create '' . 
  it made me mad every single time but i did n't dare to correct her . 
  so i went and got an ma degree in english lit from hungary instead of getting it in romania . 
  i do n't know what 's the situation at state universities in romania , but the professionalism i encountered at the hungarian university blew my fucking mind . 
  also for the first year i was struggling to reach the level of my colleagues who did their ba there in hungary . 
  so i for one can only recommend private universities to people who actually have the willpower to study on their own , otherwise the lower expectation level of the university will just ruin your education since most people only tend to do the bare minimum that is required of them . 
  i regret going there . 
  that 's about the same in romania . 
  gyros , shaorma , souvlaki , kebab and d\u00f6nner are literally the same thing here . 
  yes it will . 
  i ca n't wait to try it . 
  we also have a soylent equivalent in europe but i forgot the name . 
  i read about it in an ars technica article about soylent . 
  you 're making sense and i agree that fat people should n't get extra privileges like parking spaces but if i truly want to be honest i would n't go to a place that would offer all these services like as they do to drug addicts for instance . 
  you first have to admit that there 's a problem to commit yourself and i 'm still struggling to admit it even though i know i should . 
  i think the general fat person is lazy and unmotivated and they would n't go because overeating is n't viewed as big of a problem as drug addiction . 
  for some going to therapy might even be absurd . 
  plus checking in to something like this would change a few things in peoples lives . 
  i can only speak from personal experience , but i like my life without major changes ( ex . 
  changing jobs , moving , finish university ) , hell even small changes are annoying like how your favourite tv show gets cancelled on wednesday because it 's a national holiday . 
  once the rhythm sets in , if it gets disturbed it becomes uncomfortable , so for most , swiping that daily schnitzel/fry for a salad and the daily reddit time to walking would be a no-no . 
  this would also relate to the motivation part of losing weight . 
  what you gain by putting in all that effort must be worth disturbing the rhythm ( and well the effort too ) . 
  i 'll try to stick to water , no fast-food and a few walks a week . 
  luckily i recently met a guy who lost quite a lot of weight and he keeps me bugging about it so i constantly have someone who keeps bugging me about weight loss . 
  also i love ping-pong . 
  i ca n't find a single bloody person who would play 1-2 hours of ping-pong every day with me . 
  fat guy here , can confirm . 
  i lack the willpower to put down food . 
  i first read it as `` miners '' and i even gave it some thought : `` why the hell do they have to ban energy drinks for miners ? '', 
  anyway , good going . 
  all the kids just drink these cheap piss energy drinks , i do n't even trust red bull that much , but they might have a higher standard than my local brand from a shitty town in romania . 
  ( or for that matter other domestic brands ) . 
  georgia can be our alaska as it wo n't be connected to the main body of the eu . 
  apart from the scuffle it had with russia and the name of their capital , i do n't know a thing about them . 
  so i ca n't form an opinion on whether i 'd like them in the eu or not . 
  maybe someone could post a few points as to how it would benefit the eu if georgia becomes a member ? 
  ( i actually first learned about georgia when i was 12 , played splinter cell . 
  it was a good game . ), 
  sorry , i literally have no opinion on the people . 
  never been to the country , never met a ukrainian and never really even think about ukraine . 
  i 'll go once you join the eu , i heard stories where it took people 8 + hours to cross the border . 
  the most that comes to my mind of the country are cheap and mediocre quality cigarettes/fuel , long lines on the border , the klitschko brothers and thanks to the russians , crimea . 
  this tradition exists here as well ; we also use bacon ( [ szalonna ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e8uxyba.jpg ) ) to give the eggs a shine . 
  not necessarily true , i 'm eating a chocolate egg right now and some in recent years started to only display chocolate eggs in their homes because it 's easier to buy them than to bother with boiling and colouring the real eggs which get given anyway to kids anyway who prefer sweets over proper food , so win-win . 
  you 're missing kal\u00e1cs for the true easter experience . 
  i dunno , everyone i know will vote for him because he was the guy who gave us hungarian citizenship . 
  i am pretty sure this was his plan all along and it seems to be working . 
  here 's my [ regular handwriting ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bmcjod6 ) if i 'm not in a hurry . 
  the text is in hungarian . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6gcc4rw ) almost the same text with me trying to write pretty but the difference is not that big . 
  cursive is cool and i wish my handwriting would be better , more curly , stylized but more importantly uniform throughout longer periods . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hhioapt ) is the way cursive is taught in school here . 
  read the paragraph under the `` some precautions '' heading . 
  you ca n't make whole countries available for offline browsing . 
  or if you 're cheap ( sorry reddit ) , there 's a greasemonkey script that does new comment highlighting . 
  so true . 
  i wish google would just allow offline maps , i do n't care about facebook and internet browsing that much . 
  next phone will be a nokia ( a microsoft * sigh * ) if google wo n't add offline map support . 
  ( caching those ~ 50 km ^ 2 is useless ), 
  the burned area looks like lungs . 
  something like books are the air our minds breathe . 
  say no to smok ... book burning . 
  it 's more like : hey friend can you help me out with a little money ? 
  they call everyone `` friend '' . 
  i fucking hate it . 
  do n't call me friend , mate . 
  i guess it 's okay though when the kids do it , but when the older gangster types do it in the evening/night especially when you 're alone on the street , that 's annoying . 
  fuck them , i 'm not talking and i 'm getting the fuck out of there before a few of his friends teleport in from nowhere and beat me up and/or rob me . 
  i 've some bad news . 
  http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2014/01/who-wants-competition-big-cable-tries-outlawing-municipal-broadband-in-kansas/ now that 's fucked up . 
  the amount of anti-consumer/citizen lobbies in america is ridiculous . 
  i think the operators are full of shit . 
  one of the worst decisions of last year was to switch to vodafone . 
  i can seriously recommend orange and cosmote over them . 
  you 're never too late on / r/yurop, 
  surely you mean poortugal ? 
  this might come in handy : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_computer_hardware_manufacturers it would 've been really nice if they would 've compiled a list of whose in on this though . 
  but now that he has admitted that they will also censor `` extremist '' websites there 's another motive . 
  also do n't we have organisations like aclu and eff in europe ? 
  so why is n't anyone protesting against censorship ? 
  this will only get worse over time .
