  worlds where they can run free , and care not for the needs of their fellow man !, 
  i noticed a lot of little things in berlin i wish they would do here !, 
  agree , it looks somewhat staged , even if not directly . 
  yes , it happens every time i 've attended such a launch . 
  including the xbox 360 and several iphones . 
  apple even hand out cards so you know what you 're getting if anything at all . 
  if that were my store , after seeing that , i 'd have told them all to fuck off . 
  we have things called queues . 
  to be honest i though germany had them too . 
  love the fact the us one has concrete roadblocks cutting the street in two like a bunch of paranoid inconsiderate arseholes . 
  i nicknamed that street little baghdad . 
  no offence to any americans , it 's just a funny sight to stumble upon in the middle of scotland :d, 
  force fields are n't real . 
  - the daily mail blamed immigrants for something . 
  - ed miliband was outraged at * insert controversial subject * and promised that if he were pm he would never happen and everyone would get free beer and lollypops . 
  - ian duncan-smith has announced that the unemployed and disabled have no rights to have teeth and they will be removed or their benefits will be stopped . 
  those are the main issues at least . 
  having an elected head of state does not imply that at all , it just tens to happen because people are stupid . 
  i for one would like to see heads of state who are n't politicians , and who are barred from having a political allegiance if elected to the post , much like our presiding officers must resign partly allegiance when they take the position . 
  a president should be there to uphold the constitution and represent the country on an international level , they should have no influence on policy unless they are blocking it because it is unconstitutional . 
  yes , yes indeed , and westminster . 
  they can both sink as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i 'm quite surprised that there is n't a movement in east germany to regain independence . 
  dangerous ? 
  only to the uk political system . 
  not that , i 'm assuming the magic of electricity is what is distracting our backwards government for actually doing anything useful or logical . 
  i 'm hoping that once they are finally over the awe of it they may be able to move on to becoming a proper country again . 
   they invented the metric system not entirely true , but they played a big part and were the first to embrace it fully . 
  i look forward to the day britain figures out how electricity works so we can move on to another project like full metrication . 
  yeah , but was n't merkel involved with that one too ? 
  i mean you ca n't blame them for spying on her after what she did on 11/09/2001 . 
  hold on !, 
  no wonder you guys like it here !, 
   beautiful women everywhere there is a polish girl works at the cafe down stairs and she is perfect in every way imaginable !, 
  very pretty and lovely to talk to . 
  actually , i 've found in recent years poles get a lot more respect than they used to , it seems people have moved on to bulgarians and romanians . 
  i think most see poles as having a good work ethic . 
  i 've even seen a painter and decorator once advertise the fact he was polish in his ad . 
  uk : uselessman . 
  ability to start sensible projects but then never finish them because his people are lazy and grumble about it and his leaders are too much a bunch of pussies scared they wo n't be re-elected as top z list celebrity . 
  also expects europe to give him all the benefits but does n't want any responsibilities . 
  you need to study biology . 
  nothing in your genes relates to your country , it 's all in your head . 
  all cars in the uk have had dual measures for decades , from when we decided to go metric and then fucked it up . 
  cant offer much help , but i agree with what the others have said , bringing a car here would be nuts . 
  sell it and buy one when you get here . 
  i ca n't imagine shipping a car here would be that cheap in the first place , then you 'd have to register it , you may also need to have it serviced here and may require a few switched parts , the roads use km and km/h here ( except in backwards britain ) and your dials are probably primarily miles . 
  you may also find cars here are more economical with fuel which is important as fuel is taxed more here . 
  ukip threw him out immediately . 
  i meant individuals , but if the rest of the uk joined scotland that would be a vote to dissolve westminster and have a new system . 
  they were n't even standard across the uk , in fact it was n't until the magna carta they were standardised in england , and the act of union 1707 saw scotland adopt the english system . 
  right , and who will arrange this ? 
  westminster ? 
  they could n't arrange a pissup in a brewery . 
  scotland has a way out , come join us if you like , 
  tell them to throw in a rum and raisin ritter sport and full metrication and i 'll think about it :p, 
  what i 'd give for a tin of spam right now !, 
  :( #broke, 
  i have a 24 hour shop just across the road , and our big tesco stores are 24 hour too . 
  where do you think the deficiency is in the eu with regards to democracy ? 
  we have directly elected meps , and other roles filled by people appointed by our elected government . 
  we can also withdraw whenever we like . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  do we really need to elect everyone and the kitchen sink ? 
  come join us !, 
  independence . 
  or schwip schwap . 
  haha . 
  it 's a great phrase !, 
  :d have n't heard of ardmore , from the looks of it seem it may be a small area more than a town , i can only really see a farm near it . 
  if i ever visit the us i 'd like to see westerly ri , it has links to my home town from days gone by , and a lot of folks moved there when the quarrying industry was in decline here . 
  the choice is basically between a system imposed on britain by a bunch of interfering europeans , or the metric system :p people these days think that the system is `` british '' and ukip and other eurosceptics have convinced them that si is a eu conspiracy . 
  in fact scotland had a different versions of imperial ( as burns references in the poem tam o'shanter `` we think na on the lang scots miles '' ) . 
  the system is actually stemmed from rome when part of the british isles was under roman occupation . 
  however the imperial system was never the same in different places . 
  britain could n't arrange a piss up in a brewery which is why we still use them , and one of the reasons i support scottish independence . 
  [ am i bovverd though !? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/sfkjvagvsri?t=3m30s ) , 
  cockburn street ( co-burn street ) , seriously !? 
  even as an english speaker i see no sense in that :d, 
  i 'm an app developer myself and i feel we need to redesign language for the modern age , i have methods in my app to literally add an s to words if a condition is more or less than 1 !, 
  nightmare !, 
  haha , we still have ' t finished metrication yet either , we are taught metric in school and then thrown into a society which mainly uses pirate measures . 
  `` arrr !, 
  me car get 's 18 hogsheads to the barleycorn , shiver my timbers , al be needin ' 14 litres of petrol ! '', 
  another reason i want out !, 
   also things like `` tomb '' and `` comb '' where pronounciation is based in history and does n't reflect in how it is written nowadays . 
  you know , it 's funny you should mention this , i remember as a child having problems with words like these , where the way the are written is almost the same but they are pronounced completely differently . 
  you know , there is possibly the danger of that happening to german too , while visiting a friend who is studying in berlin she told me `` if you are ever unsure , just say die , it 'll be right most of the time '' . 
  not sure how true that is as to be honest , not finding that to be the case so far :d, 
  what about esperanto ? 
  :d is english considered easy ? 
  the yes campaign may have thought it but the no campaign confirmed it . 
  those adverts and flyers they put out were blatant bullshit . 
  i only ever saw two no campaigners in all my weeks and that was at the count . 
  a victory for wealthy tories and their singe every-house mail shot of shite . 
  yes should have done exactly the same days later and put them right rather than waste the money on everything else they did . 
  being serious for a second , the yes campaign was largely positive and educational , the no campaign was 100 % lies and fearmoungering . 
  did not see them say a single true thing or defend fptp in any way . 
  in the scottish elections we use a mixed member system similar to germany , but i 'm not sure if it works the same mathematically .
