  for example if a party get 's enough pr votes for 5 seats , but it already got two seats in the member list for the same region , the party will only get 3 more seats . 
  it was designed to give a balanced representation for the people , and more importantly to ensure that the separatist snp never ever gain a majority in the scottish parliament . 
  [ whoops !, 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-13319936 ) , 
  as someone on the streets as a yes campaigner , i can confirm the campaign was dire . 
  we had about 30 boxes of leaflets with nick griffins face on them ( a knee jerk response to `` no '' campaign propaganda ) which not a single one of us wanted to hand out . 
  if you try handing a large picture of nick griffin to a stranger you 're gon na have a bad time !, 
  when i was handing out the polling station leaflets ( which told you the allegiances of each party , tories and bnp were the only `` no '' parties ) i always handed them over with my thumb over the bnp logo . 
  clearly you missed the `` grand theft auto stabbing '' article on the front page about the guy who was mugged ... and happened to be on his way home from buying gtav . 
  despite the fact that it appears to have been a regular everyday mugging the bbc persisted in calling it the `` grand theft auto stabbing '' even reporting later that three people had been arrested in connection with the `` grand theft auto stabbing '' . 
  at no point have they ever mentioned that gta was in any way a motivating factor in the mugging , but the fact the guy was on the way home from buying the game meant it was a `` grand theft auto stabbing '' :p, 
  apologies , i got my figure from the bbc , who were probably distracted by trying to find a link between gta v and some random crime or trying to find news about what prince william had for lunch :p bbc are seriously a joke as of recent . 
  probably is the case , but he can ask the government to scrap the monarchy , but he wo n't , he can as the government to not give him $ 100,000,000 a year , but he wo n't . 
  he 's a hypocrite in that case . 
  haha !, 
  that 's similar to a collage i once made , i 'll see if i can dig it out ... http://imgur.com/rvjullc, 
  would one of our german friends be so kind as to outline the key policies of each party and a brief outline of each party leader in terms of their personality and record . 
  i only really know merkel . 
  they assigned it to 20 years of secrecy because they feared that if the people knew the extent of north sea oil and gas revenues they 'd figure out the snp plans were credible and may vote for independence . 
  they expected that by the time the 20 years was up that most of the oil would be extracted but more was discovered and actually there is as much remanning today as they thought there was at the time . 
  the snp submitted a freedom of information request a few years back which is how the document came to public attention . 
  heres the link if you 're interested  http://www.oilofscotland.org/mccronereport.pdf, 
  are you suggesting they wrote some kind of secret document in the 70s that basically called us idiots for sticking with westminster ? 
  i ca n't believe it 's true , labour would never lie to us like that !, 
  oil and gas are worthless , they ca n't be used for anything so i 'm surprised russia even wants the stuff , they 'd probably have to pay someone to take it away . 
  at least that what westminster tells us . 
  that 's a lot of places speaking german !, 
  i think i choose the right language to learn !, 
  glasgow !, 
  me too , which part of scotland are you from ? 
  i 'll decide on my city so we send different places , 
  after being involved in london 2012 i saw just how well the event got money changing hands . 
  everything from the big transport contracts taking us to work training to the new burger van outside one of our training centres . 
  it 's not always about bringing money in , it 's about getting money moving around . 
  there was a big ripple effect from it , and that kept people in jobs who were n't even involved with the games . 
  none of this was even near london . 
  as far as i am aware the ecb is , like many central banks , `` independent '' . 
  i would assume they keep the profits . 
  ecb has it 's own gold and foreign currency reserves for example . 
  i may be wrong , i 'm sure someone will give a better answer soon . 
  i see a few people saying the like flower of scotland , which personally i think is awful . 
  if scotland becomes independent i 'd much rather have [ highland cathedral ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiefs785qpk ) as an instrumental as our anthem , or with new lyrics . 
  i agree the lyrics are past it , the tune is great though , i think a few countries could do with a lyrical update . 
  for me 1 . 
  germany 2 . 
  east germany 3 . 
  france worst by far united kingdom , nothing national about it , a dull monotonous tune and lyrics about a spoilt old woman and religion . 
  as a scot i wish to point out that we have no official national anthem , and if it ever was flower of scotland i would emigrate in shame :p, 
  he 's maybe talking about those cheap pink ones you get from time to time , they are gro\u00df :(, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dixjb92mjlc yeeeaaahh !, 
  just said this a few comments above . 
  when i was in berlin i was surprised by how much germans recycle . 
  every bin had separate slots and people seemed to use them as intended ( here in the uk on the odd occasion there is a recycling bin most people just treat it like any other bin ) . 
  also plastic bottles can be recycled in every store and you get 25c refunded for each one . 
  i was very impressed , wish i lived over there !, 
  on my last day i was rushing for my flight so i left two plastic bottles on top of a bin so a homeless person could cash them in . 
  i was thinking this too , because when i was in germany they recycle everything , and here in the uk we recycle next to nothing . 
  i once worked in an argos where a shipment of cluedo board games came in and a few boxes were greek , and a few other languages too . 
  been a while since i watched that video but as i recall he makes a rare and substantial error in his reasoning . 
  iirc he misattributes ownership of the crown estates which belong to the crown ( state ) and not the family . 
  i do n't have time to rematch it at the moment . 
  crown estates belong to the crown ( state ) not the saxe-coburg-gotha 's . 
  liar !!, 
  liar !!, 
  queen queen queen !!, 
  i 've never looked into it but i cant be wront because i am me !!, 
  everyone downvote this guy !!, 
  actually that 's just palace pr and there is no source to back of of this up . 
  they cost us # 300 million a year before security . 
  what are you talking about !? 
  tourism !!, 
  tourism !!!, 
  no other country has tourism !!, 
  only the uk because of the queen !!, 
  also she shits gold and diamonds !, 
  that 's because the majority of the uk has no idea what a waste of money they are . 
  let 's have a debate and then we 'll see how people feel . 
  i did , that 's how i know it 's propaganda . 
  it really does n't . 
  yes , it was a joke how bias they were during that , i know many folk who now flat out refuse to pay for a tv licence . 
  i used to use the bbc news website daily , even though i could see biases and backhanders in some of the tech reporting and their coverage of the monarchy , but the referendum coverage was a final straw for me . 
  i no longer have the bbc news website bookmarked . 
  i would ' t waste my time on it anymore . 
  you need only look at the way they cover the monarchy to understand that the bbc is a rebranding of mi7 . 
  that was a software bug !, 
  great so see an appearance from our foreign minister on this list !, 
  technically , you should be using [ european english ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/translation/english/guidelines/documents/styleguide_english_dgt_en.pdf ) . 
  which is pretty much british english with a few exceptions , like bruxelles . 
  ireland is phasing them out . 
   ( unrelated : all the people referring to notes as ` bills ' makes my poor rosbif stomach queasy ) agree !, 
  why are we all calling banknotes bills ? 
  when did europe become america ? 
  a bill is something you pay , a banknote is something you pay bills with . 
  [ we already have one !, 
  at least he did n't go gandhi . 
  i think the point of a constitution for the most part is to limit the government . 
  i understand your confusion , it 's because we still use an ancient roman measurement system and act like it 's not absurd . 
  the uk does not . 
  if it 's only stored in the head of the queen / prime minister then it 's not really a constitution , it 's just a mandate to dictate . 
  there are a few sites in the uk that recommend political parties in this way .
