it was my understanding that there would be a ed miliband checking passports . 
  did he not want to be photographed ? 
  vodafone are a uk wide network , therefore the tile should be `` what happened to you unit ... '' no wait england is fine . 
  i forgot we voted to abolish my country :p, 
  have they blamed it on the yes campaign yet ? 
  the monarch approves the first minister after the parliament votes on which one of it 's members to put forward for the post . 
  i 'm not a fan of italian food . 
  it 's alright , but not my first choice . 
  my ex took me to dinner last week and she made me choose . 
  i chose an italian place because i knew she would like it , thinking i could get a pizza . 
  turns out i chose the only italian restaurant in the city that dons ' t do pizza . 
  it 's surprising to me how many of you here have forgotten the stasi . 
  do you seriously think those people came to the uk just because there is an old woman in there ? 
  do you really think i 'm a republic people will not visit it ? 
  as i said , visitbritain do not consider the monarchy a significant source of attraction for tourists , do you have a source to counter them ? 
   as long as ** people think ** she contributes more tax revenue than she takes out even the people who dislike the monarchy here do n't mind ftfy !, 
  :p explanation : the monarchy does not raise money and is a huge expense . 
  visit britain ( the uk tourism agency ) make no special consideration of them . 
  the top monarchy related site in the uk is windsor castle at a mere 17th place on the top uk tourist attraction , ten places behind legoland windsor . 
  it should also be noted that windsor castle would still be present in a republic . 
  and before someone chimes in about the `` crown estates income '' , the crown estates belong to the `` crown '' aka the state and do not belong personally to the royal family . 
  also before someone links me to cgp video i was very surprised to find that video quite erroneous , which is not like him at all . 
  as a fellow pedantic infonerd i usually find his videos spot on . 
  get the feeling he may have rushed that one . 
  let the downvotes begin !, 
  i do n't see how the scottish system would be that difficult , unless you mean the scottish council votes which are done by stv ? 
  even then i can see ways it could be done . 
  also as the blockchain is a public ledger , any transfer of votes not between the voter and the `` ballot '' can be discounted or even rejected automatically . 
  indeed you do , but your apathy is essentially a vote for the winner . 
  i 'm not specifically saying bitcoin , but it could be done with bitcoin or a new variant . 
  government or relevant body buys up x units of ` democracoin ' . 
  each voter is issued a satoshi . 
  user sends their satoshi to the relevant ` wallet ' to cast their vote . 
  the blockchain keeps a public ledger of votes cast and the results are known instantly as they come in . 
  if i were n't so lazy and useless i could have my own wikipedia page for bringing digital democracy to the world , 
  while i think this is kind of an excuse for laziness ( i do n't believe that you do n't agree with any party on anything , did you read any manifestos ? ), 
  i think it 's at least better to turn up and spoil a ballot than to register you vote for whoever wins by not voting . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scotland/4446610/snp-demands-inquiry-into-missing-glenrothes-by-election-records.html voting by bitcoin , now that could work . 
  first voter at glasgow kelvin , gave the greens a commanding lead of 100 % of the vote there  probably changed since then . 
  i think you answered your own predicament . 
  scotland is n't subsidised , the figures are right there to read . 
  public spending is around # 1300 higher in scotland , but scotland generates around 9.9 % of uk tax revenue and has only 9.3 % spent on it . 
  these figures are from westminster , home of the no campaign . 
  if you do n't know a simple fact like this you 've clearly not looked into matters at all . 
   nobody else is allowed an opinion ? 
  nice new nation you 're building there !, 
  i fear for no voters if independence goes through if this is the attitude to any dissent . 
  that 's not what he is saying , they are entitled to their opinion , but they should to do their research before they form one . 
  i dont believe i even touched on the london tories argument , i was talking about cameron specifically . 
  he is pm of the uk , scotland included , and he needs to defend his position . 
  as to `` dominated by the scots '' . 
  in the last 70 years in only one election ( 1964 ) have scots mps ( in fact , one single seat ) changed what would have been a tory government to a labour one . 
  the fact of the matter is we have in reality no influence whatsoever about who wins in westminster . 
  nobody asked for brown , nobody wanted brown . 
  brown was an embarrassment . 
  as to triumphalism , i 'm sure we wont . 
  it 's only our nations independence we 're talking about , not something important like a world cup . 
  the fact that cameron is not scottish and does not have a seat in scotland is entirely irrelevant . 
  he uses that as his excuse and yet sends every member of the cabinet up here to lecture us instead . 
  what is this referendum about ? 
  it 's about whether westminster or holyrood is best placed to run scotland . 
  he is the head of the westminster government , it is his responsibility to defend his own job . 
  he wo n't , because he 's scared or he just dos n't care about anyone more than 100km from london . 
  probably both . 
  hold on , cameron is going to have a televised debate with a b-list headline grabbing politician but he does n't feel it 's worthwhile bothering to defend his own job in a debate with the democratically elected leader of the scottish government ? 
  he just wants us to vote yes does n't he ? 
  prime minister nero needs to man up . 
  do n't really partake these days however as a kid we would always boil eggs up , take them out to a picnic and then roll them down a hill until they break open before eating them . 
  that and chocolate . 
  happens in the uk when the queen is due to be attending something . 
  i do n't think we was implying they were , i think his point is when a state is annexing it neighbours it 's probably not a good sign . 
  nazi germany , he was talking about nazi germany . 
  it is !, 
  i always get the filter . 
  more ? 
  no problem , how about this ... 
  so you 've been sued , and it was so unfair !, 
  i know !, 
  let 's get our own back !, 
  coins and legal tender , so lets pay him his # 5000 in pennies !, 
  well wait just there young timmy !, 
  one penny is legal tender , 20 pennies are legal tender , but 21 pennies ? 
  nope !, 
  there are limits on how many coins you can use as legal tender . 
  if you offer someone more than 20 pennies as part of a payment to settle a debt they can refuse to accept them !, 
  the amounts vary and are ... - 1p and 2p coins to a maximum value of 20p - 5p and 10p coins to maximum of # 5 - 20p , 25p , 50p to a maximum of # 10 - # 1 and # 2 coins to any value !, 
  so lets pay the fine in # 1 coins right ? 
  can do !, 
  but there is an even more annoying option !, 
  # 5 coins are legal tender to any amount and are giant , heavy , and a pain in the ass to get rid of !, 
  so pay your debts in # 5 coins , they ca n't be refused !, 
  pedantic scotsman here . 
  boe notes are british notes not english . 
  do n't let the name fool you :p, 
  basically , they are not `` legal tender '' , but 99.9 % of people have no idea what that means . 
  your northern ireland notes are as valid in day to day transactions as boe notes . 
  legal tender means that if you offer boe notes as settlement of debt they can not be refused by the creditor . 
  they must be accepted . 
  though the creditor is free to accept anything you offer . 
  interestingly in scotland only coins are legal tender .
