  scottish and boe notes are not . 
  interesting fact , no banknotes are legal tender in scotland , only coins . 
  this . 
   because it makes 80 % of my laws . 
  because it 's helpful to harmonise laws which every country in europe will have anyway . 
  it reduces bureaucracy thus reducing business expenses and leaves everyone in europe understanding their rights . 
  what fucking difference does it make if the law is made in london , burxelles , or the moon ? 
  as long as it makes sense the place the law was discussed makes no difference . 
  additionally we are the eu !, 
  you make it sound like someone else is imposing laws on us . 
   i have no control over it . 
  european elections , coming soon to a member state near you !, 
   it answers to no one . 
  european elections , coming soon to a member state near you !, 
   it is corrupt as fuck . 
  in soviet europe , bullshit is you !, 
   it prevents us from deporting criminals and terrorists . 
   it forces us to take criminals and terrorists . 
   it forces us to take 3rd world cunts who are fucking up the entire country . 
   it forces us to give these people money . 
   it forces everyone in my country to make 10 % less then they would . 
  it taxes them 20 % more then we would . 
   english people are priced out by dirt cheap shoddy labour . 
  `` english '' people should get some fucking skills then . 
  or move to poland !, 
  it 's a free market !, 
   english people are priced out of areas by 10 migrants willing to pay 1 million in rent a year to live 10 people in a 3 bed room house that is only worth 100,000 . 
  english please ? 
   i ca n't even hear english in london let alone an english accent . 
   i 'm sure the is more . 
  yeah there is more , your next instalment of bullshit will be in the daily mail tomorrow !, 
  seriously , go read a fucking book . 
  my guess is that westminster do n't even know about it , they tend to do that with europe . 
  do n't quote me on this , but i 'm pretty sure the ddr banned the lyrics to the national anthem in the 70s as they were considered too pro-germany . 
  that 's possibly it , though i do recall i was reading the menu , and noting how it 's identical to those in starbucks in scotland . 
  still i 'm sure i still looked out of place , 
  i 've only been learning a few months , i can only do present tense :p how about ich nehmen kaffee mit milch , bitte ? 
  eww i did n't even think of that !, 
  i was mailed some sweets from berlin a few days ago and i saw eiwei\u00df on the nutrients list which i knew was egg white but later translated to protein , it just came to mind and i added junge to the end as it was just the second random word to come into my head . 
  i 've made a huge mistake !, 
  when i was in berlin i 'd go into a coffee shop and join the line , the barista would work down the line speaking german to everyone , i 'm next . . `` hi , what can i get you ? '', 
  ... `` how do you know !!!?? '', 
  every . 
  single . 
  time !, 
  it annoys my friend a little as she lives in berlin so it 's not helpful for her learning german when everyone speaks english . 
  did someone mention ukip ? 
  you made that word up !, 
  i once red an article arguing for canada to join the eu :p, 
  iirc unicorns in mythology are considered to be super powerful badasses , so to have one untethered would be dangerous . 
  some scots think it 's a sign of oppression , they do n't realise it 's just that everyone is feart of us !, 
  ahh yes i see your point  the funny thing is the only time i hear history ever brought up in this debate is when the no campaign claim that the yes campaign never shut up about william wallace , which i 've yet to hear them mention at all !, 
  the british isles have been the british isles long before britain the state was a thing . 
  where do you think the term `` great '' comes from in `` great britain '' ? 
  great means large , `` great britain '' is the largest island of the british isles . 
  the second largest being ireland ( the island ) . 
  you could find this information on a 2000 year old roman map . 
   so please help me out and explain to me why ireland would be considered an island of britain in short , ireland is not an island of britain , it 's an island in the british isles . 
  the fact you ask me this question shows you fail to understand what the british isles is . 
  when i was at uni we had a number of irish folk in our class , they would spend half their time telling us how britain is shit and how we 're all `` murdering bastards '' . 
  it really puzzled me as to why they choose to move here . 
  you 're absolutely right , i consider most western european countries to be similar , and ireland and the uk even more so . 
  we have far more uniting us than dividing us . 
  let 's all get along and forget things that happened before we were born , it should n't matter to us . 
  both sides ? 
  really ? 
  i 've yet to see the case for the uk . 
  what part of lying about border controls and roaming charges is not an attempt at fearmongering ? 
  fear is an emotional argument . 
  kosova 's independence was a unilateral delectation which was not recognised by serbia . 
  the scottish situation is completely different , the uk has already agreed to recognise scotland in the result of a yes vote . 
  we have permission to become independent so there is no risk of spain upsetting relations with london or the international community by recognising scotland as an independent state . 
  you are correct , the number of mep 's is pretty much fixed ( or at least , does n't necessarily increase by proportion with new member states ) . 
  scotland as a region currently has iirc 6 of the uk 's meps assigned to it , which is about the same as malta which is no bigger than edinburgh . 
  when scotland is a member state the uk will loose more than 6 meps and scotland will gain more seats in line with states of a similar size . 
  you do n't understand the difference between the british isles ( geography ) and britain ( political term ) . 
  please go learn why you are incorrect . 
  thank you for being irish and understanding the difference between the british isles ( geography ) and britain ( political entity ) . 
  i 've be down voted to oblivion in the past for being right , as you are . 
  because the second anyone creates a product i can copy it and sell it myself . 
  so why would anyone innovate ? 
  near everything becomes worthless , the economy collapses , your life gets shit . 
   a number of christian aid organisations , including frelsens h\u00e6r ( the salvation army ) , have been blasted after it surfaced that every tenth christmas aid ( julehj\u00e6lp ) applicant is muslim . 
  [ 3 ] what have they been blasted about ? 
  giving aid to muslims ? 
  because that 's what i 'd expect of christians . 
  as others have said there is no process or precedent . 
  westminster could ask the eu to consider the possibly , but they wont because that would mean acting in the interests of the scottish people which they would never do . 
  this is exactly it , bundling in things will count against a possible yes . 
  if they say they do n't want the monarchy that alienates voters who want an independent scotland but also want the monarchy , sam if they said scotland would leave the eu , i 'd then vote no to independence . 
  there is no doubt in my mind that an independent scotland would quickly become a republic , in fact i 'd even go as far as to say the monarchy would never be part of our constitution . 
  many snp voters want a republic , but support maintaining it separate from the independence referendum . 
  to be honest , neither was i until about 5 years ago , but yes , though i do n't see scots at tightfisted at all we apparently are known for it . 
  the way i see it better to be tightfisted than hungry :p i 'll see myself out ... 
  ich habe no money , i 'd need djsa and housing benefit , and my german classes have nicht got that far yet . 
  you are more than welcome to join us friend !, 
  ohh !, 
  no that was n't meant to be an `` independence '' thing , i genuinely want to live in berlin :p, 
  which wall ? 
  the real question i want answered is when can i leave !,
