  by showing you statements or policies and asking you how much you agree , it then tells you which parties are mot in line with your views . 
  or , rather , which parties claim to be most in line with your views . 
  reluctant brit here . 
  i concur with this guy . 
  yeah !, 
  i hate that the eu forced us to have a queen and the house of lords !, 
  we demand our democracy back !, 
  boiled in the tin then used on banoffee pie . 
  that 's how i use it . 
   if scotland was independent you 'd still be geographically british , no if 's and 's or but 's about it . 
  your passport , strangely enough , is n't the authority on the issue . 
  yes but your reply was entirely out of context , the discussion was in relation to nationalities not geography . 
  your comments are as out of context as saying `` oranges are orange '' and then strutting around like you just scored a point . 
  let 's face it , you just just wanted an opportunity to take a swipe at sturgeon . 
  as if anyone here cares . 
  so let me just add that cameron is a cunt and the queen can fuck off . 
  i have no loyalty to your ( our ) shitty backwards country and i look forward to the day i can move somewhere where 2000 year old roman measurements are not used on a daily basis . 
  happy now ? 
  did i say i was n't ? 
  also i think your are confusing the term british with briton . 
  those who reside on this island are britons . 
  the nationality of people from the united kingdom is british . 
  if you 're going to be pedantic get it right . 
  sadly that is what my passport says . 
  the [ auld alliance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auld_alliance ) will never die !, 
  if anything that 's the british . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:george_r_r_martin_2011_shankbone.jpg ), 
  i think the english language predates game of thrones . 
   democracy in ukraine does not mean the same as it does where you 're from . 
  where i 'm from it means an unelected head of state appointed by god himself , i should bloody well hope no democracy is modelled on here . 
  yes , people who believe in freedom and democracy should not turn their backs on others who believe the same . 
  thus we should not turn our backs on a nation that is being deprived of them by an aggressive invader . 
  better wording ? 
  it 's not . 
  stop talking things out of context . 
  you 're right , we should just hand ukraine and eastern europe to russia . 
  thanks for making me see sense . 
   as much as i dislike russia 's government and their decisions , praising war and destruction is not ok , even if it 's for the `` good '' side . 
  i do n't think anyone is praising war . 
  ukraine is being invaded and has a right to defend itself . 
  if you bend the knee and fight for a corrupt militaristic regime then unfortunately you may get yourself killed . 
  keep in mind these people shot down a civilian passenger jet . 
   the salmond incident was clearly exaggerated almost like making a documentary because you 're a politician and someone threw and egg at you . 
   it was probably so you have ' t looked into it . 
   one woman claimed to have got kicked and the only source the `` newspaper '' the herald put forward was `` eyewitnesses '' i never saw the article you mention , but i do remember seeing the video of her being kicked . 
  you 're probably right though , it probably never happened . 
   and the idea that no one being pinned with arson means it did n't happen is ridiculous , if they were just having fun , why did n't the others get burnt ? 
  did i say that ? 
  what i said was around the corner on one of my sites we head an arson attack on the same night . 
  the exact opposite . 
   that proves the bias . 
  the riots were two sided , it 's just that the scottish media were so furious at the result that they needed to attack unionists as an outlet . 
  i was there and this is utter bullshit . 
  there were bnp thugs trying to provoke incidents all over the place during the campaign . 
  the yes supports never gave into it . 
  then in fear they may not get the fight they were after they decided to celebrate their victory by setting fires in george square and staring fights . 
  most of the yes supporters dispersed almost immediately when this became clear . 
  you clearly have no interest in the facts of the matter . 
  take care . 
   oh yes , the `` scaremongering '' we saw during the campaign , right . 
   the `` scaremongering '' was a view , one you dislike , fine , but a view , of the future , and sometimes that is negative and not all flowers , plumdrops , oil and rainbows . 
  it was n't a view i disliked , it was utter bullshit . 
  they were spouting so much bullshit i do n't recall hearing them make a single credible argument . 
  this is why it was nicknamed `` project fear '' because that is what it was . 
   the only scaremongering i saw was the campaign of intimidation by independence campaigners , shouting down the opposition , launching rabid attacks at labour politicians that wasted police time , the burning of campaign signs on private property , it goes on , and now this neverendum , which threatens people with another two year campaign of abuse and threats of social alienation or even vandalism to make them concede to your defeated goal of independence . 
  wow !, 
  quite the devout ar n't we . 
  well for balance lets just remember : alex salmond being almost run off the road buy an idiot . 
  you maybe did n't hear about that because he did n't make an hour long documentary about it like jim murphy did with the egg . 
  the pensioner canvasing for yes scotland who was pushed down stairs and broke his arm . 
  the pregnant woman kicked by a unionist thug on argyle street . 
  the riots in george square and their attempts to instigate them through the referendum `` that wasted police time '' , etc. . etc. . 
  the key difference between us is that i recognise that these events were cause by the small minority of idiots and had nothing to do with either campaign . 
  as to murphy being heckled , welcome to politics !, 
  respect to him for being the only westminster mp to show his face in public and for keeping it up given the opposition he was facing . 
  i 'd also like to specifically ask you to provide evidence pinning `` the burning of campaign signs on private property '' on yes supporters . 
  i ask this because on the same night one of my sites not far from this had two of it 's poraloos set on fire . 
  now i know better together were also full of shit but i do n't think people would confuse them for a portaloo . 
  it sees someone was just having fun with a lighter that night . 
  there was no evidence that i am aware of pining the burning of those signs to anyone . 
  it 's not necessarily ridiculous given that westminster just spent two years scaremongering scotland into staying in a union with one of the major points being `` you 're guaranteed to be in europe '' only to then offer the rest of the uk to rescind on that guarantee . 
  i 'd be quite happy if england declared independence . 
  why ? 
  shetlands is under the jurisdiction of scotland . 
  she has n't said that specifically . 
  in fact she has argued for the eu referendum to require a majority in all four regions of the uk before the uk would exit . 
  if the uk does vote to leave and there is no majority in scotland for it , i can see her holding a second referendum . 
  the public demand for it will be there . 
  he said once in a generation , and he 's no longer the leader , and such a fundamental change in the makeup of the uk only a few years after we were `` safe in europe with no '' makes it difficult to argue that a referendum is unjustified . 
  exactly , once project fear is in full swing pro votes will be overwhelming . 
  unless they 've taken a hissy fit and are now backing the leave side . 
  the funny thing is the outer slot is big enough to put a # 5 coin in despite the fact the actual intake on the machine is too small . 
  do n't ask me how i know this . 
  are those tiny and gold tinted ? 
  i picked up a small polish coin yesterday because a polish girl dropped her purse and her change spilled . 
  do they use the same machines as tesco / most other places ? 
  the machines ended up being unable to handle change as intended and would jam too often , so the slot was placed in to slow down the flow . 
  i 'll be checking that hinge tip though !, 
  pay by card or pay $ 10 . 
  whenever you get age blocked on youtube replace the `` watch?v = '' part of the address with `` v / '' and you can view it without signing in .
