  that said , it 's still a great move , e-voting is not worth the immense amount of work required to make it safe . 
  france has a murder rate one-fifth that of the united states, 
  average here maybe :(, 
  those look so tacky , like something my dad would wear . 
  socks are good enough for me, 
  it was once a custom to shake hands before debates here too !, 
  if/when assad wins it will still be a failed state . 
  the cities are bombed out husks , the people have been shooting each other for years , and if europe does force the refugees to go home , well who knows . 
  as for the saudis . 
  well i would prefer a shia government to keep ksa in their place , but i would prefer anyone but assad, 
  ca n't be much worse than how assad has run the country into the ground can it ? 
   in 1890 , the uk gave us a backstabbing ultimatum so they get their african plans . 
  that 's why they 're known as perfidious . 
  do n't worry , they 've done it to everyone, 
  the phrasing makes it seem like they 're saying portugal is still a kingdom . 
  `` has been '', 
  it 's just an airport , kinda like frankfurt, 
  ca n't be as expensive in ireland as it is here haha, 
  thanks doc . 
  how much do i have to pay you for this diagnosis ? 
   it has been a kingdom for almost 800 years actually they 've been a republic for like 100 years , 
  too soon imo . 
  gerry is really na\u00efve if he thinks the assembly election results mean a border poll would work out well . 
  i also think it 's bad timing for scotland , unionists could compare these two negatively and scaremonger about the eu partitioning the uk or whatever . 
  but it would be hard to get tanks through there . 
  there 's so much empty , flat land in doggerland , perfect for tanks !, 
  it also provides a convenient path to invade britain from . 
  just putting it out there , you know . 
  yes , all the things are on the bottom . 
  yes yes i know , i was just teasing . 
  alaskans would first need to know that the dutch exist, 
  oh you mean plattdeutsch, 
  i would bring this up to my bolognese friend , but she 'd yell at me :-(, 
  only two did , britain and poland . 
  pay attention next time : ^ ), 
  if they were vassal states , surely they would have fought in iraq , right ? 
  if they 're this nationalistic , why campaign at all , they 're going to vote as erdogan wants them to, 
  that 's hilarious :'d, 
  how different is cornwall from the rest of england ? 
  i always had the impression it was fully assimilated centuries ago, 
  it 's also got the busiest airport in the world . 
  and we invented coca cola . 
  it 's also one of the wealthiest cities in the states . 
  we also have the largest painting ever painted , the largest granite formation in the world , the largest cable news network , a very prolific music and film scene ... :-( i love the republic of georgia though , they 're my second favorite georgia in the world, 
  this is something i can get behind . 
   an irish-american dual citizen  one of sinn f\u00e9in 's biggest supporters in north america , pat donaghy ( 74 ) , a native of carrickmore , co tyrone  thomas `` fay '' devlin , like pat donaghy , hails from co tyrone  belfast-born s\u00e9an mackin most of these individuals are irish , not american . 
  as for the unions , fair point . 
  these all seem like a fraction of the total donations , however, 
  sure , but i feel in that case it 's different . 
  i do n't know for sure , but i have a feeling it 's mostly just working class folks in boston , rather than three megarich donors but sure , it probably should n't be happening, 
  not for the same reason , though . 
  sure , maybe there should be an official statement . 
  i do n't think it would make any difference one way or the other . 
  so why not ? 
  reparations i can not agree to . 
  the us can only be blamed for the natives in the plains , south and perhaps in the west , a very small fraction of native peoples in the new world . 
  i do n't really know much about the plains indians , since we do n't learn about them in georgia , but what was done to the cherokee by the federal and state governments was indeed criminal , even in those times , since jackson ignored the supreme court 's decision maybe if we first sort out things like healthcare , education , pensions etc. 
  in this country i 'd be open to reparations , but not until then . . 
  and has spain , france or britain done any of those things ? 
  why would there be a pardon ? 
  were they convicted of any crimes unjustly ? 
  reparations are stupid , since neither me , nor literally any of my family , were in this country , or any country that engaged in any form of colonialism in the new world , but anyways , various tribes have received lots of money from the federal government at various times for various different reasons , natives also get scholarships and such . 
  rehabilitations ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  some tribes have been given huge tracts of land if that 's what you mean . 
  as for monuments , what does it matter ? 
  it 's a useless gesture that benefits no one . 
  but there is the gigantic crazy horse monument , but as far as i know it is privately constructed , but again , why does it matter who pays for it ? 
  and no one denies it . 
  your point ? 
  that 's also completely wrong , in two ways : 1 . 
  europeans are very critical of their countries . 
  just ask any irishman , brit , frenchman , spaniard , italian , grecian , etc. , about politics . 
  of course , if you come off rude or insulting , they 'll be rude and insulting back !, 
  americans are n't very critical of america . 
  most of the time , they 'll just say `` at least we are n't north korea '', 
  this is one of my biggest pet peeves . 
  for example , when people complain about our declaration of independence , for the line `` all men are created equal . '', 
  i 'm wondering , do french feminists say the same things about the declaration of the rights of man ? 
  that 's not true in europe ... maybe you have not been to europe or talked to europeans because if you have , you 'd know that 's not the case . 
  for example , on my first day in berlin , there was some weird nazi-esque demonstration in front of the reichstag , saying things like `` ww2 never ended '' `` brd is not the real germany '' and `` the eu is exterminating white people '' . 
  they were n't arrested . 
  perhaps you should get out of your bubble and face reality ? 
  do n't think so . 
  maybe in privileged rich schools in like california, 
  you do n't really see people offended at using `` man '' , `` men '' , `` mankind '' ( in their respective languages ) in continental europe . 
  at least , not in german areas ... that crap started in american universities my dude, 
  some parts of the south do n't really suck . 
  some are even metropolitan , allow abortions , and maybe even have schools : - /, 
  strangely enough the mad dog is the most sane person in this administration, 
  i 'm pretty sure most americans have felt this way since like the 70s . 
  american cars suck . 
  japanese cars are great bang for your buck . 
  european cars are luxurious . 
  american cars are ... american . 
  that 's their only selling point . 
  all american news , wapo included , fuck up german politics so bad it 's funny, 
  everyone hates bavaria except the bavarians . 
  this holds true for most states, 
  even if every single man , woman and child from syria and iraq moved to france they would not be a majority fam,
