from my perspective all airports are smaller airports, 
  i 'm not sure where you 're from but there have been a ton of good deals lately going from atl to smaller airports like dublin , maybe your airport has had similar deals, 
  i doubt it . 
  no one ever says `` why are n't italy , spain or turkey contributing more ? '', 
  it 's always germany . 
  i do n't really understand why honestly , just feels like right wingers have a weird axe to grind with germany, 
  bayern , was that really necessary ? 
  ^ ^ ^ / s hope he 's not too badly hurt . . 
  not many americans even acquire a passport in their lives even though it 's really easy . 
  if someone wants to travel to france this probably wo n't discourage them . 
  by that logic the only countries in nato would be like , america , greece and estonia . 
  real scary . 
  why target germany in particular ? 
   christ ... 
  i do n't really give a toss either way . 
  sounds like it, 
  i was always under the impression they were n't because they actually border europe , korea , and the mid east , and that all their ports were frozen half the year . 
  but apparently the soviet navy was pretty impressive in its heyday, 
  you could be right , i can only speak for my home town , never lived anywhere else . 
  carry on, 
  well , were the soviets ever concerned about naval stuff ? 
   high income once upon a time maybe . . 
  so it was done to make it harder to change down the road ? 
  funny , sounds awfully familiar to the politics in my state, 
  i 've never understood how that can even be considered a constitution , just seems like a ton of different laws . 
  not even a bad thing , just different, 
  what you said does n't contradict what i said . 
  it 's explicit is all . 
  it 's not vague like our constitution is . 
  it 's just pretty weird for something like that to be ingrained in a constitution , it does n't have to do with the framework of the state, 
  grats ? 
  we are now more liked than the english thanks poles, 
  if you must build skyscrapers , at least make them pretty ... 
  i do n't know why everyone builds these weird glass cylinders , they 're so ugly, 
  luxembourg is kinda surprising, 
  it 's actually expressly forbidden by the irish constitution o.o, 
  less than a month left but he 's really soaring . 
  hmm, 
  you did tend to have military excursions into canada however, 
  jesus , i did n't know it had gotten so bad . 
  400 in italy just this year ? 
  what the fuck, 
  everything in poland is ... sideways !, 
  `` i 'll make a stupid , uninformed strawman that does not contribute to the conversation at all ! '', 
  - cowboy, 
  also if an uber takes you down a wrong road , you can get a refund , whereas with a taxi ... do n't hold your breath lol, 
  an extremely mountainous and unpopulated region of afghanistan , would n't say it 's significant, 
  ends in stan , must be like pakistan or afghanistan , right ? 
  thanks m5s, 
  wow , three people died , the end nigh !!!!, 
  meanwhile there are like 30 murders every night in america, 
  not sure what this has to do with my post brudi some european countries do not allow multiple citizenships for those who naturalise, 
  i was at one point in favor of dual citizenship but this whole incident has swayed me . 
  have them choose when they 're an adult imo sure it may suck for me too but this is completely unacceptable, 
  if only they actually wanted to stay in the uk : ^ ), 
  zeit published that ... ? 
  russia 's lol, 
  part of it is west of the urals, 
  what is the argument against this ? 
  are you an expert on marktpl\u00e4tze :0, 
  in the states we have aldi s\u00fcd . 
  in case you were curious for some reason . 
  it looks cool and vintage, 
  ah , cheers , 
  em , yes , i know that mesopotamia was a province . 
  that was precisely my point . 
  what does being a roman province have to do with being latin ? 
  greece is not latin , just like iraq . 
  i did n't think this was a crazy view . 
  it makes sense to me . 
  in english sister  sissy . 
  i 'm not aware of anything like that in german though . 
  i thought for sure it was a real thing . 
  oh , i know the tram does n't actually go across the ocean to st. louis , missouri . 
  it was a joke rest assured, 
  is there really a difference between nationalism and patriotism ? 
  i mean they might have different connotations sure , but they are practically the same word and often used interchangeably . 
  patrie is nation after all . 
  i 'm very aware . 
  i watched it for the first time recently ( my city was in the super bowl ) and the game itself was pretty fun to watch but it could do with less breaks and less ads . 
  for some reason a lot of people love watching the ads , i guess americans now resort to worshipping commercials, 
  ca n't say i agree that a piece of fabric is primitive , violent , hateful , fascist or supremacist . 
  but a nudist may feel that way . 
  somehow i do n't think so, 
  it 's totally random . 
  if there are rules i never heard of them . 
  in speaking it does n't matter as much but in writing it 's very obvious : - /, 
  is iraq latin too ? 
  numbers i guess, 
  well surely the second biggest religion in the world and in europe as a whole should be taken more seriously than a random nudist cult, 
  wow , they go all the way to st. louis the second pic ... yikes . 
  the first two trams are nice though, 
  i use / r/de a lot still haha, 
  whoever thought this was a good design choice ... why ? 
  this might be the worst tram on earth, 
  does sweden have `` approved religions '' like denmark does ? 
  very pretty city but i can barely see the tram !, 
  greece seems out of place, 
  very good tram, 
  this tram looks pretty cool but probably filled with tourists given its historic nature,
