  this tram is not great . 
  too boxy and plain . 
  and the coloring is meh, 
  we 're very easy to impress, 
  you got ta memorize them all . 
  all of them . 
  good luck , brudi . 
  i 've mostly given up after 3 years :-(, 
  why do you ask ? 
  i 'm thinking * most probably * france given current circumstances . 
  but a lot can happen in the next 5 years so who knows , 
  one of the better trams i 've seen today, 
  even when they 're the bad guys they 're still posh, 
  i meant the fact that their usual line of reasoning is that brexit will keep the muzzies out while scandinavia is a muslim hellhole . 
  unless they think immigrant babies are happier , but i do n't think they did given their post history anyways , i plan on expatriating , so i do n't really care what the country will be like in 2044 :-), 
  that does n't even make sense by retarded alt right logic, 
  maybe in 20 years or so , when all the geezers are gone, 
   they ensured the survival of european civilisation though so you need to give them some slack . 
  \u00c4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4hm , was ? 
   but if you are n't intervening in the middle east anymore ... 
  soup kitchens and slums galore !, 
  but at least there was no medicaid !, 
  listen , i know donnie wants to take us back to the 30s , but europe ai n't about that anymore . 
  get out of the past, 
  we 've already got enough nutjobs !, 
   `` we are unable to respond to emails asking for references . '', 
  oh my god that 's actually fucking hilarious, 
  yup ... good education , welfare , transit , low murder rates . 
  how terrible . 
  god no , we do n't want them either they can go to australia, 
  yes actually . 
  people did n't make it up in the last couple years just for funsies . 
  it 's a pretty popular term in america at least, 
  is it really that big of problem ? 
  protestors were saying similar things in florence a year ago . . 
  reality is hard to swallow, 
  hey even if you do n't know what the pale was , `` beyond the pale '' is a relatively common phrase, 
  why would they be counted with the uk tho ? 
  i 'm really tired of hashtags . 
  why would they be included ? 
  flat earth is a meme , i doubt most people actually believe it . 
  it 's fun to think about i guess . 
  kinda like / r/pyongyang, 
  how could we be so stupid ? 
  i was only 4 when that was written , do n't blame me !, 
  [ this is my favorite version of the commonwealth ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e2/poland1764physical.jpg ) . 
  the weird thing in prussia gives it definition and the east looks nice, 
  we have a * functioning * government too, 
  hey , that sounds awfully familiar, 
  if only they cared about their own government as they do ours . 
  where 's the `` no to boris '' signs ? 
  hey if you want to pretend norn iron does n't exist , i know someone willing to take them off your hands, 
  everyone erdogan does n't like is responsible for the coup . 
  dictatorship 101 . 
  i meant when franco died , it should have happened , i guess . 
  now it will forever be an issue, 
  surely there could have been a referendum like in italy, 
  are there not right wing republicans ? 
  okay , do you want to be reminded of all the other shit the uk did in india ? 
  well he could n't have known at the time . 
  we supported bin laden once too . . 
  but the tricolor flag is beautiful :(, 
  no homo . 
  maybe they 're akp voters, 
  * draws a map of serbia with kosovo * see guys , we own kosovo !, 
  this document proves it !, 
  there 's a wee bit of difference between pkk and isis . 
  if you 're going to take that stance , i hope you are so willing to say the same thing about the free syrian army, 
  which european countries are on the brink of civil war ? 
  that 's in fact the opposite of what i 'm saying, 
  it 's not about winning people over to your cause is the thing, 
  i do n't think it 's an anglo saxon name considering the anglo saxons had n't even begun migrating to britain by the time he was born . 
  and does p\u00e1draig really sound so anglo-saxon to you ? 
  i think you 're looking at history with rose tinted glasses . 
  american freedom fighters would assault innocent tax collectors and soldiers only for doing their jobs . 
  serb freedom fighters murdered an austrian statesman . 
  and so on . 
  it 's easy to look at these events from so far away and call them heroic , but many at the time did not, 
  so was it okay during francoist spain ? 
  and what about turkey today ? 
  like the french or italian partisans ? 
  some groups have achieved their aims through terror . 
  if it always failed , no one would do it , would they ? 
  it 's worked . 
  that 's why they do it, 
  please do n't defend ketchup on pasta , do n't let those lunatics feel good about themselves, 
  no i 'm not saying that , he won fair and square , but the comparisons are so tired and make no sense, 
  you 're right , i was going to correct myself but i was high on the karma, 
  they meant polls wise i believe, 
  was it brexit or the us that had multiple choices with none more than 30 % if you mean the us , under france 's system hillary indeed would have won, 
  well officially the areas in georgia are not annexed , they are separatist states that have russians `` protecting '' them . 
  so you will not see any map that says those lands are russian since not even they claim to have annexed them, 
  perhaps they should have been given a real choice , instead of being asked if they want to be an independent state or part of russia . 
  slovenia and albania were once pfp members , and are now full nato members . 
   why ? 
  the us has a very long history of causing death and destruction in other countries for the interest of their corporations ever heard of voc ? 
  eic ? 
  you 're right , no one is alleging that , not even folk like schumer and such . 
  reuters is normally pretty solid . 
  hmm .
