if the police had attempted to distribute the food more evenly , many of the migrants would have started causing trouble and trying to skip the line . 
  the police made the best of a bad scenario in this case . 
  still shocked from the six irish students that died because of a shitty balcony in ca . 
  head up buddy , you 're still young ( it seems like ) . 
  you 've got plenty of time to do awesome shit after your military service, 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily this bunch of people who are susceptible to extremism , but rather , their children . 
  we 've seen this so many times with westerners joining the islamic state , even though they were born and raised in a western country . 
  does n't germany have a very old population ? 
  they could take the immigrants and spend some money training them up in various trades . 
  that way , both the immigrants can make a living and germany can keep up its economic strength . 
  congrats guys !, 
  hope this war ends soon . 
  there are plenty of wonderful pubs all around dublin city that do n't charge $ 6 or more for a pint . 
  more genuine irish experience too . 
  what is it with the abrahamic faiths being so shitty to women ? 
  i ca n't understand it . 
  my guess is that eurovision wants to avoid any political messages . 
  it 's a song contest , that 's it . 
  maybe something got lost in translation ? 
  strong backing of a strong statement . 
  good to see some pushback against the ostrich brigade . 
  ah ok , that 's not good . 
  thanks for the lesson !, 
  i would n't count a politician 's religiosity against him/her , but i would have a problem if they used religion as an important factor when deciding which laws to support or oppose . 
  is that the case with this guy ? 
  rightfully so , after comparing israelis to nazis . 
  right , some are from somalia !, 
  so that means he 's not a creationist . 
  all politicians are constantly under the spotlight , not just muslim ones . 
  you mean dancing is n't haram ? 
  wow . 
  just wow . 
  `` islamophobia '' within the muslim community itself . 
  right , that 's why debate still goes on to this day as to whether turks are european or not . 
  what an obnoxious comment . 
  old habits die hard . 
  the original graph says `` turk or greek '' . 
  do n't think either will like being compared to the other . 
  big mistake . 
  have some dignity and resign for the good of your republic . 
  sensationalist title but excellent op-ed . 
  `` occidentiphobia '' is a term i 'd love to see kick off . 
  on your last point , i would n't say that france 's secularism played a role in the terrorism we see today . 
  rather , it is the failure to integrate and assimilate many of the immigrants arriving there . 
  the ghettoes we see in paris and brussels play a large role in creating jihadists , along with the unwillingness to challenge the islamist ideology within those communities . 
  perhaps i worded that too strongly . 
  i did not mean closing mosques , churches , synagogues , temples etc. 
  what i meant was public expressions of faith being restricted like they have in france . 
  freedom of religion , like any right , is subject to regulation and restriction . 
  if you 're going to equate that with mass removal of civil liberties , then i have nothing more to say to you . 
  the attackers were belgian citizens . 
  what do you mean when you say attacks will always come from outside ? 
  show me where i said we should increase government surveillance . 
  vigilance and keeping religion at home = / = removing civil liberties . 
  we are sleepwalking into another terrorist attack . 
  our response to paris and this have been nothing short of metaphorically bending over and taking it up the arse . 
  we need action now . 
  that does n't mean taking away our civil liberties . 
  we 've tried that and it does n't work . 
  each and every citizen of each and every country with pluralistic , secular , and democratic values must be vigilant . 
  assimilation must take place , feelings be damned . 
  religion must be kept a stricktly private affair . 
  criticism of religion must not be equated with bigotry and racism . 
  only then will we see any progress towards intellectually terminating islamist extremism . 
  i 'm sure that 's what they think of when they hear `` cologne '' . 
  you do realise we left the programme in 2013 ... right ? 
  and that the recovery has only really kicked off in the last year ? 
  i 'm 99.9 % sure you 're being sarcastic , but i 'll spell it out in case anyone does n't see it . 
  i am , of course , referring to the fg/lab coalition . 
  same happened with ff taking power after the rainbow coalition . 
  wait for the next government to take the credit from the one who laid down the framework for this happening . 
  that thing is an abomination, 
  jokes tend to do that sometimes , shockingly enough . 
  title is not at all misleading . 
  this is political correctness gone even madder . 
  fuck those people who report those who `` insult '' erdogan . 
  i 'd point specifically at the gulf arab states who have taken in very few if any refugees . 
  the regressive left never fail to deliver . 
  fucking everything , not just spiders, 
  jesus fucking christ , what is wrong with people ? 
  i love how it 's set to irish, 
  right but how many paedophilic acts by catholic priests could have been avoided if they just had a stroke by themselves every now and then ? 
  pent up desire for sex due to lack of it in months ? 
  try having a wank . 
  works better than raping little boys . 
  an amazing sight . 
  i 'm gon na guess you did n't read the article . 
  `` my god 'll bate yer god ! '', 
  `` nah lad , it 's my god that 'll bate yer god ! '', 
  fair enough . 
  i would n't want kids to get in trouble just for the act of having sex, 
  holy shit 14 ? 
  the muslim reform movement and quilliam foundation have a huge task at hand . 
  however , as maajid nawaz said , it 's more realistic to reform the religion than to get 1.6 billion people to leave it . 
  `` germans are not children who need to be protected from the truth for well-intended reasons . '', 
  could n't agree more . 
  suppression of information for fear of what people will think is a despicable thing to do . 
  welcome to global warming , where the wet places get wetter and the dry places get drier . 
  or who we thought they were . 
  this would be true if it was equal among all demographics .
