  ha , tell that to the rest of the world that have n't recognised it yet . 
  you guys should be proud of yourselves especially the pressure turkey must have put you under . 
  ca n't wait to see the brilliant work of the ministry of truth ( minitrue in new speak ), 
  slight correction : pretty much all arab states were against the establishment of israel , not just palestinians , who were occupied by jordan and egypt afterwards anyway . 
  the irish one is `` tiocfaidh \u00e1r l\u00e1 '' . 
  i 'm very impressed by the irish effort . 
  well done lads !, 
  and everyone else is caught in the crossfire . 
  this is not good . 
  yeah i 'm getting that vibe . 
  sometimes i just ca n't help but feed one from time to time though , ya know ? 
  you must be joking me with that map . 
  well , are n't you edgy ? 
  down with consumerism and all that !, 
  best of luck in your quest to destroy civil society across europe . 
  and what does abortion have to do with this ? 
  we are debating this issue fiercely , which is ideal in a liberal democracy . 
  but of course , debate is never the strong point of extremists , whether left , right , muslim or anything else . 
  that 's pure bollocks . 
  anti-semitism : the most enduring cancer of the human collective . 
  that sounds frightening . 
  i 'd rather have some political freedom , thanks . 
  i know each of those `` world regions '' are diverse in themselves , but can they be compared to europe in this way ? 
  we 're talking about a bloc of at least 27 countries , and that 's just the eu alone . 
  we can never have enough carbs . 
  the chips work well with whatever sauce remains on the plate after the lasagne is scoffed up . 
  `` southern ireland '' have n't heard anyone but northerners say this . 
  then i like to inform them that the most northerly point of the island is in the `` south '' :d, 
  now you 're just being silly . 
  so you have no meaningful answer to my question . 
  got it . 
  that 's why i said eu , not ireland . 
  buy a pair of glasses , aul pal . 
  ah ok , i did n't know that . 
  is it entirely at their discretion , or is it mandatory to begin the process once certain conditions are met ? 
  fair enough . 
  at least there 'll be some measure of consistency . 
  aye , and same with our viking , celtic and norman descendants . 
  those descendants of settlers belong on this island just the same as us , and do n't you dare try to claim otherwise . 
  here never mind them lads . 
  you 're always welcome to join us though . 
  we can get the eu to keep you alfoat when the funds dry up as a result of brexit , 
  in order for the six counties to join the republic , there would need to be support from the majority in both jurisdictions ( i.e the north and the republic . 
  overall majority in the island of ireland is not enough ) . 
  this means a referendum would need to be passed with a simple majority . 
  in the republic , referendums are initiated by the oireachtas ( or the legislature ) . 
  once it passes the oireachtas , the question is put to the people . 
  i 'm not very familiar with northern government structure but i imagine it 's close to identical , if not identical outright . 
  i 'll concede that last point you made . 
  however , you should read up on the definition of `` execution '' . 
  killing in combat is not the same as execution , and i see nothing to support your claim that she believes her worldview is 100 % correct and flawless . 
  the fact that the m1 is still being tolled to this day is just farcical . 
  i 'll repeat what i asked earlier to another post . 
  what ethnicity ? 
  as far as i know , ypg accept fighters of all backgrounds and ethnicities , and are fighting for a pluralistic and secular democracy . 
  why do you have such strong doubts ? 
  what makes you more knowledgeable than any of these people on the ground who witness the war on a daily basis ? 
  you seem so certain you 're right but offer no justification as to why you think this , just pure speculation and fluff . 
  except is jihadists apparently . 
  what problem is that ? 
  and what ethnicity ? 
  as far as i know , ypg accept fighters of all backgrounds and ethnicities , and are fighting for a pluralistic and secular democracy . 
  i thought denmark followed a model where they allow terrorists back into the country to try to rehabilitate them ? 
  this brave woman actually went out there and fought them and now is being held on criminal charges ? 
  that 's a fucking disgrace . 
  all who are involved in this travesty should hang their heads in shame . 
  both northern ireland and the republic voted in a referendum to ratify the good friday agreement that had been signed by the heads of government of ireland and the uk ( bertie ahern and tony blair ) . 
  the agreement guaranteed that northern ireland would be able to join the republic if there was a successful referendum in favour of it . 
  in the republic we voted to repeal the part of our constitution that claimed the 6 counties of northern ireland . 
  in the north they passed a referendum accepting the contents of the agreement . 
  you can find out more on wikipedia here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_friday_agreement, 
  the most northern part of the island is in the republic . 
  northern ireland is part of the uk with the consent of the majority of the people . 
  anytime they wan na join the rest of us , they are 100 % free to do so . 
  that is why the north is not occupied . 
  nah , we 've got it covered . 
  cheers, 
  do n't you cunts start calling us `` little britain '' now ... that 's wales ' schtick . 
  without population growth , our economies are fucked . 
  continue population growth and our planet is fucked . 
  either way , we are truly fucked . 
  good to get a cypriot perspective on this . 
  i admit i know little about the country 's culture and older history . 
  interesting . 
  the thought never occurred to me that cyprus could be anything other than a european country , even though it may be physically closer to middle eastern countries . 
  not to worry , we 'll fight tooth and nail to protect that, 
  those people are crackers . 
  would you argue that cyprus should be considered more middle eastern than european ? 
  would you argue that cyprus should be considered more middle eastern than european ? 
  i like how you think that 's an inevitability of neutrality . 
  i 'll take that chance if it means avoiding being a part of the bullshit conflicts nato gets itself tangled up in . 
  country *, 
  and what about those of us who wish to be neutral ? 
  fascist as a political term is meaningless nowadays . 
  it 's pretty much just a buzzword used to describe people who are quite extreme in their views , whether left , right islamic etc. 
  we passed marriage equality by 62 % -38 % in a referendum though , so i 'm not sure where this map is getting the 80 % + figure from . 
  islamic extremists , far right russian nationalists against `` fascism '' in ukraine . 
  do try using your brain a little bit , there 's a good lad . 
  indeed , but it mostly tends to be extremists of a different type that oppose nazis the most ardently . 
  worth keeping that in mind .
