  however , more people in certain demographics tend not to vote . 
  older people in america reliably voting while younger people less so . 
  hence one of the reasons republicans keep being re-elected . 
  the higher the turnout , the more representative of the people the government is . 
  higher turnout = healthier democracy . 
  this is what happens when only one party takes an incredibly important issue seriously . 
  it gets elected and works to pass laws that has nothing to do with that issue and that nobody wants . 
  i read somewhere that the literal translation of the verse that prohibits alcohol is that `` wine of the grape '' is haram . 
  vodka anyone ? 
  fantastic photos . 
  such a huge amount of ethnicities and cultures within the russian empire . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  reminds me a lot of what women wear in afghanistan . 
  if all you hear is that muslims are the root to all evil then you must just be hanging around crazy right wing forums or watching fox news . 
  the fact is that the middle east has a tumultuous relationship to secularism and pluralism compared to western liberal democracies . 
  when middle easterners hear `` secularism '' , they think assad , saddam hussein , and other despotic tyrants . 
  an islamic government does n't seem so bad in comparison . 
  except in many way it 's actually worse . 
  there are plenty of passages in the qur ` an that the likes of al-qaeda and isis can reliably use to justify their evil . 
  what 's the difference between christianity , judaism and islam in the context of western liberal democracies ? 
  the former two have been challenged robustly during the enlightenment and in modern history . 
  islam has not been intellectually challenged until recently , which leads many people to believe that it 's muslims as people who are being victimised , rather than the doctrines of islam being challenged . 
  good point . 
  critical thinking would be a better way to teach people . 
  learning to think for oneself is vital to preventing future terrorism . 
  classic `` blame the west for everything '' bullshit . 
  that 's why you 're being downvoted . 
  try and add some nuance to your views . 
  silly borders play a role but so does political islam . 
  two things can be true at once . 
  everyone 's talking about helping the `` syrian '' refugees . 
  but only half are actually syrian . 
  correct use of the word `` only '' , in my opinion . 
  rt is a bogus news site in almost every way . 
  other than gauging the average russian 's thoughts , it is absolutely useless . 
  personally , i think the whole palestine/israel thing will continue with smoldering violence over the next few decades and israel will eventually annex the west bank by virtue of jewish settlers outnumbering the natives . 
  there was a documentary not too long about kurdish isis fighters , including abu khattab al-kurdi , a commander and recruit . 
  i think he died recently though edit : i meant `` recruiter '' , not `` recruit '' . 
  so you would have arrested those guys ? 
  good luck with that mate, 
  the rebels and jihadists do have some crackshots alright . 
  did abe have bad luck with the ladies or something ? 
  thank you !, 
  do christians chant the takbir in arabic speaking countries ? 
  honest question , not trying to be a smartass . 
  no , he 's saying that islamists want to seize power and other muslims feel compelled to follow or else be punished/ostracised . 
  this is terrifying . 
  too windy to get married there , bud . 
  history never repeats , but it certainly rhymes . 
  yeah it gets really annoying having to point out the flaw in the `` no true scotsman '' fallacy over and over again . 
  wow that 's beautiful , no wonder the russians are coming to steal georgia, 
  not sure if a westminster style government , or indeed an american one , would work for france . 
  username checks out . 
  more like fundamentalist islam , at least in saudi 's case . 
  eu law applies to eu member states . 
  not really that complicated . 
  a country can not with a straight face call itself a democracy when `` insulting the ... president '' exists as a crime . 
  no country should have a leader with close to 90 % approval . 
  that tells me there 's something very wrong with that country . 
  turkey is facing a dark and uncertain future . 
  i wish them the best of luck , but removing erdogan and his ilk has to be the first step . 
  ireland favourite : northern ireland least favourite : northern ireland, 
  i heard many refugees were refusing food anyway because it 's not halal . 
  do n't know if there 's any truth to that . 
  god have mercy on any germans who visit switzerland, 
  i think they were quoting him from the interview, 
  i 'll believe it when i see the official opening ceremony with mine own eyes . 
  how are things in israel between the jews and arab-israelis ? 
  is there the same fear that people have to self-censor themselves to avoid offending muslims ? 
  so the membership vote for an essentially pro-brexit , pro-russian leader . 
  they truly are a deluded lot . 
  i see they 're assimilating well . 
  what an odd comment . 
  not only convention but a strictly enforced rule . 
  if its a wedding , it 's probably isis . 
  if it 's a police or military installment , it 's probably pkk . 
  not that i support the latter at all , but it 's certainly not as bad as targeting civilians and children specifically . 
  what about the provisional ira of the 70s and 80s ? 
  the gulf countries would be better . 
  saudi has 100,000 air conditioned tents that can house up to 3 million refugees . 
  plus , they bear a lot of responsibility in what 's going on in syria . 
  i do n't think it 's appropriate to make comments like that at this time . 
  those are used more as a military tactic in iraq and syria rather than the shock and awe of terrorist attacks, 
  i 'm surprised it 's not lower in ireland since it 's outright illegal here . 
  no , unless the north was already part of ireland and terrorism led to the formation of a northern irish state . 
  honestly i do n't think it 's worth the trouble the loyalists would bring if we reunified . 
  yeah that draw was a lucky result for ye !, 
  you 'll need a bit more to compete with italy and belgium , 
  sorry , i meant that between those two there should be a line . 
  we just have to figure out where to put it . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  i do n't believe society owes anyone anything with regards to accommodating their religious beliefs or practices . 
  i guess it all comes down to figuring out what 's reasonable in religious accommodation . 
  there 's a line between allowing someone to pray at home and allowing human sacrifice . 
  it all depends on the person . 
  whether a religion has one follower or one billion is irrelevant ( or at least it should be ) . 
  that 's a solid argument you 've just made . 
  far better than just dismissing an opinion because it may or may not have been made by a person of a certain skin tone or class . 
  i 'm getting the feeling that people are misunderstanding your idea . 
  why does the strength of an assertion lie in the race and class of the person who made said assertion ?
