i think it also has to do with the number of games won . 
  every team , no matter how good , must periodically contend with their opponents good luck and with their own bad luck . 
  i think spain has shown an almost unprecedented consistency in overcoming luck ( good and bad ) through the sheer number of wins . 
  if im not mistaken , this has n't been done since west germany in the 70 's . 
  i 'd say that 's enough to make a pretty admirable footnote in the history books . 
  since when did djibouti give us money ? 
  banks that chance to be in our country ? 
  are you shitting me ? 
  this statement is the height of rationalization . 
  you are determined not to care that `` your '' banks took `` your '' money and made lousy , overleveraged bets with well known deficit countries ... and in the process , risking the entire economy of your country and all those dearly saved euros you have worked so hard for . 
  you care not that `` your '' banks with `` your '' money are sitting on a mountain of tangled derivatives that could take your country back to the stone age with one single catastrophic event . 
  no ... you must insist that it is only the fault of greeks , or spaniards or whatever auslander you can target . 
  the complete mismanagement of your bankers seems entirely forgivable to you . 
  it defies the very prudence that you so gleefully espouse . 
  i think you 've done a pretty good job proving every one of my points . 
  lonely , bitter , pessimistic and above all completely blind to the benefits that germany has reaped from the euro . 
  the shear willfullness of your denial of reality would be laughable if it were n't so generously laced with such bitter self defeat . 
  you mean you told your mommy . 
  in that case , please let her know that the internet was not aware that calling someone a djibouti ... an ... ite whatever ... was racist . 
  arent you from djibouti ? 
  how are they with debts ? 
   those are the same allies , btw , who copied our ethnic cleansing , who were famous for their rape brigades in the east , who would let us starve to death in the winter of ' 47 , and who specifically ordered their soldiers to not even talk to our civilians . 
  that whole situation only changed when the soviets broke away from the alliance and france and britain started to understand germany was the only thing standing between them and the red army . 
  true ... and i never implied that the actions of the allies were altruistic . 
  they were all self serving . 
  the difference is in the approach . 
  history has taught us that you can gather more flies with honey ... that does n't imply that you are giving honey without gaining something in return . 
  the allies realized this this and thus changed their approach . 
  of course it was for selfish reasons ... who cares . 
  it would have been just as easy for the us to occupy germany outright just like the soviets did and maintain that buffer zone ... they chose a different approach and germany is better for it . 
  this is undeniable . 
   well then , how do we benefit from giving free money , effectually the wealth we amassed by hard work and good trading , to black holes , who have a long history of deficits and no political will to ever get better ? 
  ( yes , greece , i 'm looking at you ) if we burned those banknotes , at least we would save on heating in the winter ... first , you start by admitting that you are not giving money to greece ( aka black hole ) when the vast majority of the money has gone to banks , including german banks . 
  you are paying off the debts owed by greece to your banks so as to protect your economy from too-big-to-fail banks . 
  second , the money you are transfering to greece is in the form of loans ... therefore you are not giving anything away . 
  it will have been given away only if greece defaults . 
  otherwise , greece will be spending the next countless decades paying you back . 
  this is a vastly different story than `` we are giving all our money to profligate greeks '' . 
  i understand that it sounds better to the population as opposed to `` we are saving our banks from their bad bets with a profligate country '' ... but it does n't endear you to the world ... because it is a lie by ommission . 
  these things matter . 
   ah , now we 're at blackmail . 
  do n't worry , in the end , disenchanted partners and stewards will return . 
  just do n't trust that we will then be as cordial as we are now . 
  if stating the reality is considered by you to be blackmail , then you might consider the help of a psychologist because your paranoia is leaking all over the place . 
   so what would be acceptable conditions ? 
  what would you be ok with ? 
  time is a rather critical factor , and we did n't have ten years either . 
  we just transformed ten years ago . 
  from before the crises , germany should have relenquished its mercentilist tendencies and acknowledged that trade in europe under a single currency is a zero sum game . 
  germanys insistence on being a trade surplus country should have been tempered with a willingness to increase inflation and serve as a consumer market for its deficit nation counterparts . 
  we are a bit late in the game and the markets have already tasted the blood in the water . 
  how do you stop sharks during a feeding frenzy ? 
  its hard to say . 
  from the very beginning of the crises there should have been a willingness to stimulate growth in the periphery to balance off the necessary cuts in greece . 
  it would certainly have been cheaper in the long run . 
  with such support you could likely have still kept the same time requirements for spending cuts . 
  now , i think the only hope for europe is a clear roadmap to integration ... which will be much harder for merkel to sell at home because she 's spent the last 4 years pitching the tired and innaccurate story of profligacy being the sole culprit of the crises . 
  greece is a lost cause ... we will suffer regardless as we 've crossed the rubicon and there is no solution ... just a choice of which bullett might feel less painful . 
   what we want is to be kept alone and not be burdened with the results others ' irresponsibility . 
  this statement reinforces my point that germany can not cope psychologically with the burdens of leadership . 
   awww , nice . 
  the allies needed western germany as a puffer zone to protect france against the soviets . 
  if this puffer zone was well-off or not was mostly irrelevant . 
  we would have rebuilt , sooner or later , with those 19 billions or without . 
  i do n't think you understand the concept of hearts and minds when it comes to leadership . 
  the allies needed a prosperous germany so that the german people would feel secure in their futures and less prone to aggression . 
  it was well agreed to even during the war that the german people supported the aggression of the nazis simply because it was their only perceived hope for a future ... and not because all germans are simply war mongering supremicists . 
  as for your buffer zone argument , that is true . 
  but again , a buffer zone of poor disenfranchised people is not a buffer zone at all . 
  whereas a buffer zone of prosperous people is a true and cooperative buffer zone . 
   you would be surprised how common those idiots are . 
  try living in our shoes for a day or two . 
  it 's not only the net or media , either . 
  i can not claim to know what it is like to be german . 
  but i do know many germans ( as i live and work in germany ) . 
  one thing i find to be true is that despite the idiotic nazi claims made by morons , germans tend to be harder on themselves about the issue . 
  these are the shackles that i refer to . 
  the fact of the matter is that all of germany 's efforts and struggles have been with a focus on germany . 
  certainly they are commendable , but in the end , they serve only germany . 
  if you were just a bit player on the world stage this would be a non-issue . 
  however , you are not a bit player . 
  you are certainly the engine of europe and more than that , you are looked to as the example of europe . 
  to say that you do n't benefit from it is actually an admission that you simply do n't know how to benefit from it or are unwilling to step fully into the spotlight in order to benefit from it . 
  there is a great deal to benefit from having a european periphery that is stable and prosperous and committed to a relationship with germany ... never mind the mere fact that they would continue to be a vital market for you . 
  more importantly , it is entirely beneficial to have a periphery that is not imbittered toward you . 
  they will seek partnership and stewards elsewhere and germany could find itsel ; f politically and economically isolated ... all because of its short sightedness . 
   excuse me , but in my dictionary , hegemonial power is not an synonym for `` money press '' . 
  sometimes , you have to act responsibly , and we have a very different view on what the responsible reaction to the situation is . 
  this might be related to our view of responible behavior is hurting you a lot ( just like our way hurt us , badly , ten years ago ) . 
  time will tell which of us is right . 
  you are right and i never suggested that germany 's support should be without conditions . 
  but when you ask a country to achieve in two years what you yourself took 10 to accomplish is rather preposterous . 
  not to mention that germany underwent its own austerity during a time of relative global economic growth and was able to capitalize on that . 
  we are asked to achieve these things at a time when the global economy is at a standstill . 
  no one in my country thinks germans are so stupid as to think that the two situations are identical and therefore the same medicine is required ( at least not in the german government ) . 
  therefore , it is no wonder that those who are suffering might conclude that germany wants greece to feel pain more out of a sense of retribution and a threat to spain and italy rather than an achievement of some positive outcome . 
  this is short sighted protectionism pure and simple . 
  it is decidedly not leadership . 
  the markets are looking to germany to commit solidly toward the direction of integration . 
  kicking the can down the road and forcing austerity that pushes recession even deeper ( albeit not be intention ) while sending mixed messages to placate voters on the one hand and the markets on the other , is decidedly not the right approach .
