  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ruin_value the nazis actually had their own architectural dogma , buildings were designed to leave good ruins when they finally collapsed , like the roman columns and such . 
  the japanese are not western so they do not have the same liberal elitists as we do . 
  but the people coming are africans and bangladeshi ? 
  i still dont understand peoples obsession with jerusalem . 
  christ was born over two thousand years ago . / s, 
  lol, 
  powerful people tend to get away with things . 
  but even fewer voted to join eu ( participation rates ) so you cant say one is legitimiate and one is not . 
  so if i were to socially reform my country backwards it would be progressive ? 
  nationalism creates nations and peoples without it no civilization could have been created it is the very foundatin of the world . 
  the muslim population of europe is 4 percent ( immigrants ) easily handled . 
  we must make it clear thet europe is ours and the muslims must stay in the middle-east , there are only two options that you propose to me . 
  1 . die without struggle 2 . die fighting for my people , why should i give in and surrender my civilization because some barbarians come knocking on my door ? 
  the difference is modern technology , if we stop the majority we can easily deal with the dregs that slip between the cracks its not like its hard to know who is foreign to europe . 
  most people do not disagree with me look at the opinion polls nationalists are either the largest or second largest parties in all european countries and the latest polls regarding muslims show a majority of europeans wish to halt all muslim immigration . . 
  we can and we will , europeans have walked on the moon , sailed the seven seas and built the greatest civilization ever known and you are telling me a couple of dinghys across the mediteranian is going to topple us , and our only option is to bow down and welcome people who have come to our continent for nothing but our money , the foreign populations are still small in europe and as long as we stop further growth they will be no threat . 
  why cant we stop them ? 
  what prevents us from doing so , a wall at gibralatar and navy ships in the mediterannian . 
  isolationism did not destory rome a seperate and distinct people mass migrating into thir country destroyed them , we can stop this mass-migration and we will . 
  the people who says we can not are not peuple with the best intentions of europa in their heart they are globalists first and europeans second . 
  we will stop this mass migration all it takes is the political will and once we have stopped the entry we must repatriate those within us . 
  we walked on the moon over 50 years ago but we cat stop some rubber dinghys crossing the meditteranian ? 
  why cant we we are the most powerful continent on this planet , and we cant even convinve people and nations to accept back their own citizens . 
  maybe europe needs to back to the good old days , 90 percent of the afghan budget is aid mostly from europe we cut that and mass starvation will kick in after a couple million have died maybe they will be more willing to negotiate . 
  isolation works , its simple people want to come to europe , we put up walls and tell people they cant . 
  not in my country :(, 
  because the immigration is larger than the native birth ,, 
  ill break it down , the '' people '' is pissed because their economic situation is deteriorating , their faith in democracy and institutions get grinded down every day when they read of foreigners and immigrants getting priviliges and they notice that the people at the top do not give a shit about them so they elect people who do or atleast pretend to do.liberals fucked up , you cant force mass immigration and demographic change and expect the majority to just sit back and take it , they have made their bed now they got to sleep in it . 
  sorry my german friend , i am protestant , so my catholic education is lacking sorely , altough i do remember `` do not take the lord `` s name in vain '', 
  one pope `` s sermon 50 years ago . 
  any canon source ? 
  or more important, 
  they dont . 
  indeed , not like nationalist parties are the largest or second largest party in most countries in eu/s, 
  its called indirect indirect democracy . 
  when power is moved too far away from the people it is indistingushable too dictaotrship, 
  glad i got to vote for this/s, 
  indeed , but the trends are going in the right direction , so no worries , 
  most parties are more disliked than liked . 
  because all the liberals in the party left . 
  it was expected . 
  2 out of 20, 
  i should , i will . 
  paying someone for their vote is illegal ? 
  yes , not like he is the leader of the largest military the world has ever known or something like that/s, 
  but isnt it now ? 
  or maybe the question was would you use nukes if it was necessary ? 
  not would you genocide muslims !, 
  no it is not , it is the very foundation societies rest on for the upbringing of children . 
  yes . 
  they do not want people who do not agree to comment . 
  because r/all allows content from for example / politics which is just the same as the_donald . 
  a fan subreddit can do that , that is its purpose !, 
  your argument was that the voters of the `` far-right '' are accomplices to the actions of them/enabling them , then that would mean that people who supported letting the migrants in should be held responsible for their actions as they are enabled by those who supported their entry . 
  so you are responsible in part for the sexual assaults in europe on new years ` ? 
  since i assume you supported letting them in ? 
  hjalmar branting the first socialdemocratic prime-minister . 
  only if you fight proportionally . 
  fire with fire is bad . 
  fighting fire with a firestorm though ? 
  tell that to russia !, 
  how do you think trade routes are defended , hugs ? 
  i think there is some quite clear contributors to that chart . 
  can do !, 
  a large part of someones iq is determined by their parents iq and is inheritable and some groups of people have lower iq . 
  make of it what you will . 
  he has like 90 percent support among republican voters.they will . . 
  translation : i would burn my house to the ground with me inside and rebuild on the ashes as long as the liberals were inside with me . 
  no because his base is quite solid at 40 percent he cant get lower than that to a degree because that is his base of support . 
  i never expected him to get higher support than 40 percent anyways if he can raise that to 45 percent he should win re-election due to more motivated voters and more favorable location of those voters . 
  i never seriously considered trump as relevant when it comes to the worlds future i am more concerned with europe and thankfully the nationalist movements in europe are doing better and growing stronger . 
  yes . 
  i agree to a large extent but honestly as long as he opposes the liberals in the media and government i will support him , i just wish the nationalist message could be carried by someone with some brains and dignity . 
  so when liberals like soft weak leaders they wish too live vicariously trough them becuase they are so weak themselves ? 
  yes europeans are split between should homosexuals adopt on equal grounds ? 
  the muslims are discussing hanging stoning or beheading . 
  tribalism is what creates society 's and maintains them . 
  no there is not . 
  you people who support the eu always show your true faces . 
  `` this is okay to vote on but not this because people are too stupid '' how can you claim to be a defender of democracy you are a defender of the elites . 
  no it is about the kulturkampf !, 
  the cost would fall on the company not the individual doctor/nurse . 
  a society is more than just following laws . 
  if jesus was alive today do you honestly think he would be pro-abortion and gay-marriage ? 
  do you honestly think that ? 
  jesus was born over 2000 years ago . 
  the most conservative nationalist party would be far to the left of him . 
  i agree with you on both points , just a quick question on th last part isnt the idea that because they are fewer ( the eduvated ) that they are seen as the ruling class ? 
  because the people with too much education does not see the world as it is but the world they think is real . 
  their education changes their view of the world to be wholly unrealistic . 
  of course educated poeple are people too i am a uni graduate but i do not fall into the trap of looking down on people who choose a practical field or see them as uneducated and stupid because they do n't know every political theory , there is more common-sense knowledge in the farmer than than the university graduate . 
  yes you can . 
  the viewpoint of the overly educated is so detached from reason and reality and regular people that they just sound mad . 
  what i mean by overly educated is not the engineer or the doctor but the people who become naive and rude to people without education they see them as stupid and old fashioned fools . 
  no its been around for quite a while . 
  yes a national community is arbitrary and changes but that does not mean it is wrong or faulty , we are not a global community , are we a global community because upper class over educated city-dwellers from europe go to vacation in africa ? 
  most people have no connection and never will with this `` global community '' they have the national community and they are happy . 
  how would you solve the problems i mentioned earlier ? 
  there is nothing wrong with solidarity and friendship between nations and peoples . 
  i am arguing that destroying nationalism and patriotism would not create a utopia but a world were people just look out for them and their families possibly their clan at best a selfish unfriendly world were no one looks out for people outside their blood-relations like areas of the middle east and africa .
