  as a nationalist i am greatly pleased with this change . 
  would you like to talk about immigrant crime stats and average iq among africans compared to other groups ?? 
  thanks man , 
  do you know anyplace i can watch the debate ? 
  i tried youtube but it was only a couple 2 min clips . 
  damn i studied french for a year , i should have known , oh well ;(, 
  is it ? 
  darn i think i tried having space between them but i do not think reddit usernames allow it :(, 
  yes , 
  try to talk immigration in sweden , all sides have their loonies , the left more so . 
  finland has one of the fewest amounts of non-whites and foreigners in the entire world , how racist/s besides you have the true finns in goverment a far-right party ,, 
  fine lets put it another way , i do not want power to be more concentrated to upper echelons of the political spheres . 
  how are they impossible ? 
  human rights is a made up word with d\u00edfferent meanings to everyone , and the constitution can be changed/ignored if the people wish it ? 
  the police is bound by what they can and can not do by politicans , politicans are bound by what the people want , if you take the power of the police and move it away from elected politicans and into the hands of the unelected do i really need to tell you what is at the end of that road ? 
  wtf ? 
  fuck orban because he got a majority ? 
  it is called democracy ? 
  oh and brilliant idea by the way to create a political burecratic police force not bound to any nation or peoples what could possibly go wrong ? 
  yes she can , soon enough ,, 
  no it is not , certain groups target other groups , you would feel far more uncomfortable as a black man in a deeply racist part of your state/country just like you can feel uncomfortable as a swedish woman in a muslim area . 
  sure but not to the extent they dislike other groups , those groups were simply used as masquerade and disquise to tackle the real `` threat '', 
  the reason the brits left is because of non-european immigration , the nationalists in europe is not pissed at the poles they are pissed at the muslims . 
  once they have gone over and voted for the nationalists the barriers in their heads to not vote for them ( social pressure ) it is already too late , but the fact remains just because they are not called no-go zones does not mean they are nice areas , the problem is not swept away by calling them `` economically-troubled areas , and such people know what they are . 
  yes because nationalists believe in and trust the established government and mass-media , you are a genius . 
  probably like germany but more musim-hostile , is how we usually land in these polls , dude the nationalists are almost the largest party in the polls , we are not all liberal college proffesors . 
  thats just the first step , second step is segregating bath houses like in my country . 
  fair enough , have a nice day you too . 
  i am not arguing that is bad , please do not misunderstand me i am not arguing that it is bad i am arguing that it affects the rest of society , the individual decisions of random people are what makes up society and what shapes it , i am not arguing that gay marriage is bad i am simply arguing that it affects others just like all decisions . 
  i am not placing a value judgement , my 2 points were simply . 
  individual decisions affect more than the ones who make them 2 . 
  society legislates based on morality ( whatever morality that maybe ), 
  that is not true we infringe on freedom even when it is between consenting adults in cases concerning cannibalism or necrophilia if you were to take the extreme standpoint . 
  my point is not to argue against gay marriage as i do not oppose it my point is to argue against the idea that society does not legislate based on morality . 
  society does legislate based on morality not . 
  and it is absurd to say that 2 adults decisions do not solely affect them , if the soldiers decides to stop fighting , or the doctor to stop working it affects more than the individual making the decision . 
  all actions affect society and others both for good and for bad . 
  yes over 70 years ago , they have changed ,, 
  lets do it , i have faith in the swedish peoples belief in democracy but you seem to be lacking , classical sosse, 
  no , i belive lgbtq shoud get to marry i am not arguing agianst it , i am simply trying to understand how you accept for example widening the definiton of marriage but not widening it to allow polygamy or other kinds of marriage , and i am simply stating that your beliefs and mine that gays should be married are simply moral decisions not based in logic just as is the case with the people woh do not want gays to marry . 
  nope . 
  then they are welcome . 
  i want my people to have a stake in it . 
  i do not want foreign peoples claiming my country as their own . 
  before death , signing consent in the will . 
  seriously ? 
  yes but the point is that you also place limits on freedom . 
  yet we can eat a animal and butcher it but not marry it ? 
  my point is that you too use morals to limit freedoms . 
  good than you should support multiple marriages ? 
  and necrophiliah if it is with consent ? 
  a nation and a residence is different . 
  no , if i pay rent in a hotel it does not mean it is my home . 
  hi am swede , still vote for nationalists , not everyone want their country to turn into detroit/malm \u00f6, 
  oh please . 
  sd are the largest champions of referendums/folkomr \u00f6stningar because they know they have the majority on their side, 
  yes , i live in sweden ... 
  who would think refugees lack the necessary social skills to assimilate and lack the will to educate themselves to be able to find employment in the swedish work-force and live on benefits as the social-democratic goverment said they would `` nt . 
  yes but in my country of sweden those areas are owerwhlemingly muslim and are bad because of that . 
  no but it is extremely difficult for the average people of europe to influence their policy-makers , the carpenter in the countryside does not have the time nor perhaps the skills to organize international political movements . 
  i vote , but how do i get eu wide legislation to change it is basically impossible , because there are no way to gather the amount of people necessary to get politicians to act across the eu , the eu rules trough indifference . 
  if you have a decision involving ten people , their vote carries more weight whilst if you have a large group of individuals with different cultures and nationalities you can not cater to them specifically leading to legislation that makes no one happy . 
  a lot of the most powerful people in the eu are unelected and hold power way beyond their democratic responsiblites . 
  yes but the idea of the eu is to move power away from people in order to create continent-wide legislation , this means less democracy and less possibility for people to influence legislation , lets say i disagree with a european law passed . 
  how do i get it dismissed ? 
  but if decision making power is moved away further from the people ? 
  governments is the peoples arm to defend them against groups they view as threats , how should people defend themselves against threats that require more than one person to solve them ? 
  such as crime immigration or large companies exploiting individuals ? 
  if you were to cut down the immigrant population you would have money , for both if you were to cancel many benefits given to immigrants as well as encouraging them to return home , you would have plenty of money to lower taxes aswell as increase social benefits . 
  such as ? 
  which specific proposals are you thinking about ? 
  as far as i know her policy is similar to the left who you might disagree with but its not gon na worsen the economy more than currently . 
  how ? 
  stopping immigration is not impossible eu leaders are working on it currently , what is more impossible is more eu integration in the current political position , so macron does not use buzzwords and catchphrases ? 
  according to the polls they are expanding their base . 
  they dislike the eu , not because they are bullies but because they have a different ideology , thats it ... 
  0.4 percent better than 0, 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth my bad average 0,5 percent growth , not good, 
  sigh economic growth in the euro countries have been standing still for practically ten years concerning growth , its a lost decade . 
  the euro has been failing for at least that long . 
  thank you  i love the irish too , 
  because there are no way nationalist can ever get into the eu ???? 
  like me ,, 
  i agree with you we are in the europe sub reddit so we should use eruopean vernacular liberal : ecomoic free-market . 
  conservative goverments are not conservative they are economic liberals . 
  bro not a single swede shoot of those rockets i can guarantee it . 
  metals merchant not stock broker - get your facts traight man . 
  it was the japanese who refused to surrender fully ,, 
  yes there is go to the banlieus . 
  well arent they ? 
  its called free speech , not free speech under certain goverment mandated ruels speech . 
  my point is that just because it does not effect someone personally does not mean they cant have an opinion on the matter . 
  i am a swede a lot of my money goes to immigration . 
  am i allowed to have an opinion ? 
  your idea of a society and ours probably differs , which is quite unfortunate , br\u00f6drafolk :(, 
  its quite clear that the leaders of the eu are pro immigration . 
  i dont see why you keep denying it . 
  they did that out of necessity not out of choice , they want more immigration but the massive pushback is holding them back . 
  eu wants qoutas and are pushing for more immigration/more pro immigation ,, 
  the fact that here has not been a terror attack in sweden yet ( except stockholm 2011 ) just means that s\u00c4po is really good .
