when you talk about parties that are right there are two different groups in europe the establishment `` conservatives '' who care more about companies and lower taxes and the conservatives populists who care more about national identity and stopping immigration . 
  trust me the nationalists hate the conservative establishment far more than the liberals . 
  no but the economy in the north afrian and middle eastern countries have completely crashed combine that with a surge of syrian refugees and you have a stampede of people trying to get in before the borders are closed , its like watching a fight as soon as one person shows weakness he is jumped by the group . 
  because of the surge of syrian refugees the borders were weakened which meant the large groups of people wanting to flee acted simultaneously and then you have a massive surge . 
  you make a good point , you have given me some food for thought . 
  he was the former leader of the young muslims assocation , which is well connected to the muslim brotherhood . 
  i think is opinions are quite stabile , atleast thats the experience i have of nationalist in my country , they are pretty clear whit what they think and they dont change . 
  still just becuase he called it a national tragedy dosent mean he is looking for nationalist votes , thats like if their was a massive oil spill and a nationalist said its an enviromental catastrophe just declaring the obvious wont mean he will get green voters to vote for him . 
  nationalist supporters ? 
  the monument was a historical norwegian monument . 
  the mayor who said this was a social democrat aka a leftist so no he was n't looking for nationalist votes . 
  you were just triggered by the word nation , jesus christ man . 
  are you saying it is n't a national tragedy , i do n't think the politician was playing to party allegiance simply by referring to it as a national tragedy . 
  i know but sometimes , the census are quite confusing with their definitions . 
  or how they measure single parent ,, 
  when they talk single parent households do the mean non married or sambos ? 
  we have a very generous welfare system wich allows single women to live decently even without their husbands, 
  my fallacy is that xenophobia and nationalism are different thing , nationalism is a political ideology , i bet that any one of those who abuse these people could n't name a single nationalistic principle or a single nationalistic doctrine . 
  i would if i could , but they are not nationalists nor patriots simply xenophobes, 
  no it is n't , nationalism has evolved to become cultural nationalism . 
  not ethnic, 
  ffunny how the uk leaders was one off the biggest suporters , not the people , the leaders, 
  possibly . 
  yes thank you , 
  ethnic english . 
  is that better, 
  no , but the internal minorites, 
  true . 
  i agree . 
  brexit wont really change anything it was just the first opportunity votes had to `` punch up '' so to say . 
  thats what i think atleast . 
  minorities had much higher rates of stay than leave compared to ethnic brits . 
  is there something wrong with wishing the capital of your country has a majority of your people ? 
  would it be okay with you if beijing was majority european ? 
  the reason there was a large leave vote was because of the large amount of minorities . 
  alright . 
  fair enough  you make a persuasive argument, 
  the large companies like the eu because they can use the eu to get regulations to pass that will price out smaller competitors , what kind of insight or oversight can you get into the eu ? 
  instead of bribing all national parliaments they just have to bribe the most powerful men in brussels eu : good for big business . 
  yes ... :(, 
  i honestly do n't know , i agree he should be sent to a juvenile detention centre , but swedens laws in my opinion were n't prepared for this , we have never had these sorts of situations in sweden , and the law was n't ready to change that quickly , the goverment has started to age test them but most likely even if he is over eighten he wont be deported or sentenced harshly fine or community service if they are really hard on him, 
  do you speak swedish ? 
  or should i translate, 
  not if they are under the supervision of the migrationsverk , then they fall under state supervision ,, 
  welcome to sweden , , , :(, 
  they were released because they claim to be under 18 which means that they could not be detained but were returned to their asylum home . 
  they were released because they are young asylum seekers that claim to be under 18 and sexual assault is not a hard enough crime to be arrested if you are under 18, 
  i see , that makes some sense  thanks for a polite conversation on the internet, 
  that sounds horrible , im just pointing out that i dont believe ther has been a massive spike of it in just three days , like the eu was keeping people from being hostile to foreigners . 
  could i have a source , please crime stats regarding hate crimes massively spiking three days ago , do you honestly believe that , you should nuance yourself more ,, 
  the sweden democrats do ague for a stop to legal immigration but they do not argue for the removal of non ethnic swedes with citisenship . 
  where did you hear this could you show a source please ? 
  the sweden democrats paln have 3 steps 1 . stop immigration 2 . assimilate . 
  3 voluntary repatriation with benefits given and money to immigrants who wish to return to their homecountries . 
  fair enough . 
  true but to argue someone is rich because of two houses is extremely faulty thinking , what are those two houses ? 
  one living house and a cottage in the country is not extreme but two london apartments might very well be . 
  because it suggests the annualized income of my family , you can afford two houses without being rich . 
  my family ,, 
  i live in sweden . 
  my father is a mechanic . 
  and my mother is a secretary, 
  we have two houses but we are not rich . 
  looks like we finally came to an agreement , i agree , i should have used some more text in the beginning to not come off as accusatory . 
  i am not arguing that it is bad !, 
  i am simply saying that it is done for a reason , i do not care either but to claim that it is not propaganda is misleading , the problem with all this is that you think i am against it when i use the word propaganda because it is a negatively charged word , perhaps some other word can be used for purposefully designed movies to influence social change . 
  no that is not what i am arguing , i will give you another example in stranger things there are 4 kids as main characters one of them are black , do you think that is realistic considering the show took place in a rural area in the backwoods of america in the 70 `` s ? 
  i liked the black kid and thought he was a great actor and really enjoyed his performance but do you honestly think his inclusion was just random , or when they make movies in my country/sweden ) where the black population is 2 % yet they still are lot of black people in a rural school in the middle of the country ?? 
  it is done for a reason , i am not arguing that it is good or bad i am simply arguing that you have to be stupid to realize it is not purposefully made to influence opinions . 
  in movies unlike real life all details are relevant , they are purposefully adding a gay character to normalise such behaviour ? 
  if you watch several movies you will notice that they always add in extra details to villains for example they make them fat or ugly or stupid , its very unusual to add a evil character without giving him several character flaws , they are adding a gay character to normalize and affect social change in the people watching the movie . 
  its social propaganda ? 
  i do not want to talk about them , you might have noticed the sarcasm ? 
  birmingham is barely british . 
  muslims ? 
  they do not come to europe for our values they come for our wallets otherwise they would go to countries other than sweden and germany . 
  a guy picking your pocket is still doing it even if he is smiling at you . 
  why not remove them ? 
  how are they domestic ? 
  they are not europeans . 
  they do not say it openly but that is the result of their polices , its like saying i do not want to hang someone but i do want him to put a noose around his neck and jump of the stool . 
  25 percent of th swedish ppulation is now foreign and 40 % of german children under the age of 5 are foreign . 
  ill check it out , 
  i have seen some of friedman , i did not know he was in favor of basic income , well today i learned i guess . 
  redistribution is not a libertarian ideology . 
  i think ? 
  and many libertarians are far-right wing and believe it on racial grounds not on ideological grounds so to say . 
  yes but then he continued by adding that its gone to shit , here is how rhetoric works you draw a picture and then you change it to appeal to people , 1 . you are smart 2 . but now you are dumb . 
  indicates that you have become dumber over time . 
  i do what i can , 
  : normal . 
  no because you pass trough several safe countries -, 
  of course you should visit , but talking of beautiful coasts in sweden is quite a compliment coming from a guy from portugal  . 
  yes either you rent a boat on the west coast or the east coast suggest you rent one in stockholm or some other coastal city on the eastern coast and you go northwards , i have not personally done such a trip since i live on the western coast , but i have friends who have done so and it is magnificent the bays and inlets its quite an experience . 
  i highly recommend it , 
  i agree , , 
  but there are proven statistics that show that some groups are more gifted than others when it comes to the range of iq . 
  i am not arguing for this to be done , but if we are going to sit here and call right wingers genetically prone to the right wing instead of just being people with a different opniion , then some other debates should be opened . 
  what a decent person should do is defend and love their families and their peoples and act morally righteously by them and fullfill your responsibilities to the community . 
  so its cool to talk about biology dictating behavior again ?
