  nationalists enjoy helping others they stay the extra hour to work because they love their country and its people they are the ones who work hard to help the elderly and the weak . 
  that national community imagined or true is what makes people willing to care for people that are strangers to them . 
  i am not arguing about genetics ? 
  nationalism is a way of creating and imagining a community based on shared history culture and values . 
  it is true that you identify by profession and region but those are small identifiers compared to nationality/ethnicity or religion . 
  nationalism can be cultural or ethnic or many other ways the point is people are not willing to give to others for nothing and the welfare state if you would research the history of social democracy is based on a shared community sharing resources based on those who earn and those who need . 
  if you were to say to a guy that all taxes collected would be sent to afganhistan and all of afghan taxes would be sent to you people would not do it . 
  there is a reason there is no welfare state in usa the people who produce income and taxes . 
  generally whites do not wish to give money and benefits to a different group , those who consume benefits aka minorities . 
  so welfare states break down when there is not a common identity or solidarity between citizens . 
  nationalism is what unites a people and makes them care for each other it expands the identity of family to an entire group it is as best we can do . 
  no i like being able to park my car without having it burned or my sisters to safely walk the streets , i am not a fan of the `` new exciting sweden '' that the politicans mumble about . 
  i wrote that . 
  to create a welfare state or a peaceable community you need nationalism . 
  say that to people who believe it . 
  `` hi guys please do not bully me we are all equal '' and then they go `` thats cute but we are a unified nation how about we fuck up your day '' . 
  its not a outdated term because people believe in it go to anywhere in the world and pull that shit . 
  i would pay for you to go to china or africa and tell them that their country/nation or tribe is not important and `` outdated '' people do not agree with you and people like you play a dangerous game when you say it . 
  we are not one people and we are not one world , if you think that you should say it to your `` brothers '' to their face and not behind a screen . 
  say it to the african or the asian or the european that their culture and people and its traditions and history is nothing but dust in the wind . 
  and that you i am guessing , a young overeducated city-dweller knows better . 
  do it . 
  he is 70 not late 70 `` s. 
  thank you 1 irish dude summarising your peoples entire opinion on it with 3 words . 
  of course we knows he is not a friend to our country but we could use him to our interests . 
  generally i think its a bad idea but its either russia or liberals . 
  we are not selling out our country . 
  or would you say that when liberal politicans use support and influence from other countries in europe that they are `` selling out '' sweden . 
  if you are fine with calling that treachery then we will too . 
  we nationalists do not support russia because of political ties ( money ) we support him because he is an enemy of the modern west , and its elite politicians . 
  as a swede it has not been working out . 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/19/5-facts-about-the-muslim-population-in-europe/ we should act now . 
  but the muslims are many more . 
   i did exaggerate but at-least the message got across . 
  `` how is islam responsible for the state of affairs in turkey today ? '', 
  you serious bro ? 
  erdogan is a islamist !, 
  use that attitude on the immigrants more . 
  use that attitude on the immigrants more . 
  there are different groups of muslims who come to america compared to europe . 
  and that leads to different outcomes . 
  this is not new information . 
  are you in the same reality as the rest of us ? 
  i am swedish . 
  not a russian bot . 
  nope swede, 
  that was my point . 
  poor swedes with low education are not nearly this overepresented !, 
  when we cut out education and income whats your explanation ? 
  but they do ? 
  european stats are quite clear no matter which country they are overepresented in crime especially violent rape . 
  no they dont confidence in the police is lower than it has been for a long time and suggests a massive crime wave if at the same time as police confidence is at record lows crime reports still increase . 
  firstly , people do not report crimes for no reason and it still does not explain the massive increase nor does it explain the increasing worry and fear of swedes about crime . 
  what must be given to people like you to convince you ? 
  victim reports increasing ( they are ) fear of crime increasing ( it is ) reported crime increasing ( it is ) amount of women scared to go out at night at record high numbers ( it is ) what statistics must i give to convince you ? 
  liberals are willing to believe in 55 genders but not government and official stats from one of the most reliable goverments in the world . 
  no it has not worked `` amazingly well '' the new police report showed that violent assaults and sexual harrasments increased by 20 percent in one year . 
  it is not a sucess . 
  yes i agree the one above mine . 
  nope, 
  its great . 
  fixed that for you, 
  how ? 
  a common subredit culture is created and born by constant engagment with others . 
  russia is authoritarian traditional and higly state-run , when you say to a t_d suporter that putin kills journalists as a way to dissuade them they see it as a + . 
  how ? 
  yes but when they say police they are refering to the political leadarship in stockholm which is appointed and his name is dan eliasson and the swedish police chief , i am not disagreeing with you i just do not want the blame to be misdirected at the average policeman . 
  nope they were ordered to by the police leadership appointed vy the social democrats . 
  she will get at least 40-45 percent this election , after 4 more years of neoliberal multicultural macron i think she got a good short next time . 
  europeans have not been in genetic contact with africans and asians for at least 25-50 thousand years why take pride in the achievement of people with no relation too you ? 
  so you argument is simply that humanity is too `` mixed to take pride in just one nation ? 
  but we do know that there have been separation between europeans and other ethnic groups for at least 50 thousand year , so we can take pride in achievements of europeans instead of swedes ? 
  of course you can both feel pride for what they have done and guilt . 
  because you take pride in the people and nation you love , you can be proud of your family ? 
  then why can you not take pride in your national community and its achievements ? 
  can you only take pride in things you do yourself ? 
  of course you do you can feel regret but not guilt . 
  because it can not be broadened in such a way peoples national identity is special and unique and can not be broadened in not such a way . 
  it would be like saying , `` i know you love your father but why do you not love all men over 45 in the same way '' ? 
  you love your nation and community because it is yours . 
  we should feel pride for the achievements and great works done by our ancestors , just like your are proud of your father so should you be proud of the `` fatherland '', 
  people with foreign background is counted as people born abroad or with both parents born abroad of those 25 percent half are from outside the eu . 
  returning `` swedes '' give me a break . 
  meaning 12.5 percent of the population is from outside the eu of those 12.5 about 2-3 percent are african and most likely muslim and the rest except for a miniscule amount are muslims too . 
  andelen personer med utl\u00e4ndsk bakgrund , ( enligt scb definition d\u00e4r b\u00e5da f\u00f6r\u00e4ldrarna \u00e4r utrikesf\u00f6dda ) , 23,2 % ( 2016 ) om vi vet om att 800 thousand come from countries with a almost 100 muslim background than it is safe to assume they are muslim . 
  the muslim population is about 8-10 percent . 
  stop lying . 
  on the first part ??? 
  if a small group is responsible for disproportionate amounts of crime then they are . 
  and the second is of course they will not disappear but they will drastically reduce . 
  yes but some groups carry certain behaviours in general , you can not import a massive amount of nazis and then be shocked that a group with those values act in a certain way . 
  http://www.statistikdatabasen.scb.se/pxweb/sv/ssd/start__be__be0101__be0101e/utrikesfoddar/table/tableviewlayout1/?rxid=dc1c2aa0-e0fe-4a15-bf10-2628d61e91a7 these stats only show foreign born and not their children but if , the population of muslims in that group is about 600 thousand , add to that 160 thousand and you get up to about 770 thousand and if you add the population of africans which are mostly from muslim countries like somalia and you get a muslim population of about 770 thousand + 200 thousand africans and you get about 970 thousand . 
  all these facts can be found in scb the statistics bureau . 
  we won that referendum and then he stepped down , can you imagine a politican who does what he says he is gon na do and then leaves politics . 
  before the migrant crisis the muslim population was bout 800 thousand add to that 160 thousand muslims from syria iraq and afghanistan and you get circa 1 million . 
  1 million of 10 million are muslim . 
  i know . 
  sigh :(, 
  it is not a right . 
  marriage was never designed with gays in mind .
