  so no i am not american nor russian . 
  sigh . 
  look at the trends . 
  enjoy, 
  industry and commerce are not conservative they are ecomonically liberal organization , and the churches ? 
  european churches walk around in pride parades for chris tsake, 
  i am seeing jewish organizations , migrant associations and unions . 
  and eu and muslim and lgbtq wow those sound conservative as hell/s the only conservative i found was `` victims of stalinism '' cna you find some right-wing organizations there ? 
  svt is both . 
  in a country as small as sweden it is very easy for the state to control public funded broadcasters . 
  do you think it is not happening ? 
  yes atheists are great at standing up to muslim fundamentalists/s , the fastest growing religion in germany is islam not atheism . 
  or can you show some stats for that ? 
  i agree the problem with religious fundamentalism in europe is those blasted christians running around bombing concerts and cutting of head and massacring journalists who print pictures of jesus / s, 
  so you do not need to pay for it ? 
  or are you jailed/fined if you dont ? 
  lol . 
  enjoy the future friend . 
  the liberals, 
  http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2017/07/10/is-social-democracy-facing-extinction-in-europe/ . 
  enjoy the future the nationalist parties are now the largest or second largest party in every country in europe enjoy , [ a ] nd in the eyes of the hungry there is a growing wrath . 
  in the souls of the people the grapes of wrath are filling and growing heavy , growing heavy for the vintage . 
  which social organizations , the society for patriotic germans or more like liberal organizations both you and i know which organizations run the media . 
  come on . 
  atleast have the courtesy to admit their biases . 
  so fuck the enviroment aswell because you are not going to be around ? 
  fuck your kids and grandchildren and fuck everyone nut you and your own generation ? 
  of course the swedish goverment have control over svt , just because it is not official does not mean it is not happening . 
  and in the future german culture will be mosques and ramadan . 
  enjoy your future . 
  perfectly good examples of state media funded by the peoples money . 
  look at the trends , liberals are losing across the world , nationalism is the only political parties in europe that are gaining ground on the working class base , the future belongs to us . 
  wow they include right wingers how nice of them . 
  is that your definition of fair , they allow them to speak ? 
  just funded by the state and by compulsory fees ( taxes ) how is it governed by a non political board ? 
  just like in sweden . 
  i guess you can just but the label non political board on anything and people like you will buy it ? 
  it was funded by the zdf the state media https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zdf, 
  and people like you make elections easy for us , 
  you should get one too , have you heard of the roman empire ? 
  do you know how it was destroyed ? 
  great you can raise my kids on your dime then ? 
  or maybe your wife can sleep with someone else if it does not matter what genetics they have . 
  you will raise them anyway ? 
  your opinions are not only against common sense but nature . 
  people who think like you wont have kids and so will not move to the next generation thank god . 
  everything changes is just another moral relativism liberals use to avoid morality . 
  same with cultural relativism . 
  there is a much larger difference between a somali and a german than between a bavarian and thuringian i hope you do recognize that . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2017/jul/25/sperm-counts-among-western-men-have-halved-in-last-40-years-study https://www.populationpyramid.net/europe/2017/ european population in 2020 : 739 million european population in 2010 : 645 million , most old and many non europeans, 
  which politics is criticised ? 
  the media has and will always be left leaning , espcially in germany/sweden, 
  yeah fuck those poor people and their `` needs '' / s you are just the type of liberal bourgeoisie that guarantees the right wing easy elections . 
  hopefully this migrant crisis combined with this madness from our political establishemnt will lead the people of europe to create a new europe . 
  or maybe they are liberal because they come from upper-class and highly educated background , i do not think the job made them liberal , they were liberal before they became judges not the other way around . 
  well after the cold war too . 
  actually read and write, 
  the majority can barely read and write and will be strain on our nations for generations . 
  honestly that sounds like some kind of freudian nonsense . 
  `` erzats phallic exercise '', 
  you will deserve everything you get . 
  so the same thing liberals do with hate crime and bathrooms ? 
  what about your employent participation rate ? 
  and where is this unmeployment and economical hurt concentrated ? 
  im a european and i hold those values and most do , sweden is very atheistic we still support voluntary school prayer and having our last school day in church singing hymns and listening to the priest sermon . 
  it is tradition . 
  there is only a difference of five percent ( urbanization ) , as a swede it is quite obvious why sweden sticks out among all our nordic neighbours , we swedes know it and the world know it . 
  groups are not created arbitrarily they are unique parts of our identity and character , it would be like removing the very core of people , groups are created to organize society to live together and from communal bonds , the naivety in believing removing groups or `` groupthink '' would solve problems is naivety at its worst . 
  and impossible, 
  he did get elected so people do like him . 
  please dont , have we not suffered enough ? 
  i do not think so . 
  i think the rates of interracial marriage are far lower in europe . 
  1 . higher white population 2 . 
  groups that whites do marry are asians and light skinned hispanics two groups that have not immigrated to europe in any significant extent . 
  groups that do immigrate africans and arabs are very lowly viewed as marriage partners by whites across the western world . 
  `` white americans were statistically the least likely to wed interracially , though in absolute terms they were involved in interracial marriages more than any other racial group due to their demographic majority . 
  2.1 % of married white women and 2.3 % of married white men had a non-white spouse . 
  1.0 % of all married white men were married to an asian american woman , and 1.0 % of married white women were married to a man classified as `` other '' . '', 
  right below your cited stats !, 
  is the subreddits i frequent relevant to the strength of the argument ? 
  if a socialist and a capitalist says the sky is blue they are both equally right . 
  i did not change the title , that was the suggested title , secondly i added a question do liberals support this or do they not ? 
  that was my question . 
  do you support this or do you simply wish to have the post removed ? 
  yep still relevant now that its predictions are coming trough . 
  have i said anything of the sort ? 
  i am not claiming immigrants are all sexual predators . 
  i am claiming they are massively overepresented because of cultural factors . 
  i do not think their countrymen would condemn this . 
  attitudes about swedish woman is particularly low among certain segments of the immigrant population, 
  because the people doing this is not swedes and to infer it is is a insult to people who have nothing to do with this . 
  in the legal sense , but what is right and what is legal is often different things . 
  yes that is true but it is always bound in ethnicity and takes many decades to form , you cant just take some africans throw them into sweden and say they are now swedes when they are not culturally ethnically or in any discernible way anything swedish . 
  so the only thing that makes someone a swede or not is their passport ? 
  if the goverment database of citizens disappeared would there still exist a swedish people or would we magically become a non-entity ? 
  if the goverment disapeared tomorrow there would still exist a swedish people of a certain ethnicity and culture !, 
  what makes someone swedish is culture and/or blood not a piece of paper given to everyone with a pulse ,, 
  sure thing bud , we do not like muslims because they are different ? 
  or maybe their actions now and in the future show they are no friend of us ?
