  it will happen i am guessing within a year . 
  brexit-less immigration-less muslims-less mass murder : simple is it not . 
  you sound liberal . 
  o sorry i will make sure to read the entire thing trough next time , 
  i am not . 
  more than 200 percent more criminal than native germans , `` relatively few '' ? 
  my face when ?? 
  forced us ? 
  what issue is bigger than the mass migration into europe , the media didnt force the people to talk about it , the people wanted to know and the media reported on it . 
  people talk and argue media reports on what people are interested in . 
  pardon ... dont you mean president-elect donald trump ? 
  google it . 
  he is the partyleader for the largest party so i would assume yes . 
  in the polls , and this trial is probably helping judging by the uptick the latest weeks . 
  indeed . 
  i will be keeping a close eye on the elections in march . 
  why would he move to america when he is a inch away from becoming prime-minister ? 
  yes to the first part . 
  they think the free market is evil , and that democracy is bad because : brexit/trump , the left always whines about democracy , read the guardian . 
  yep , i cant wait , 
  yes i know ... 
  i said physically possible ... that does not include moving to a new star system , i meant for example when they say a wall cant be built . 
  of course it is . 
  if the political will exists and it is physically possible it can be done . 
  no problem . 
  so the bbc article and her comments are opposed to each other i am afraid i only studied one year of french so i cant really read what she said . 
  in my country , sweden , illegal immigrants and their children get free education , so what may not be controversial for you and me is quite controversial to some . 
  the article ... 
  the first sentence . 
  `` french far-right leader marine le pen has called for an end to free education for the children of illegal immigrants '', 
  illegal immigrants ... is what she said . 
  no if you move to france illegally purposefully hiding yourselves from authorites you will have to pay some money for your children so they do not mooch of the backs of the french ,, 
  of course they can , if the people wish it anything can be done , the muslim ban is allowed under the constitution and so is the right to deport foreigners living illegally on american soil . 
  no but because they enter the country illegally and against the wishes of the french state and the french people . 
  i am not arguing for exclusionary and divisive nationalism but rather a open civic nationalism , i believe that is possible . 
  no but i think both you and i especially i as a swede notices as my country becomes more multicultural trust in society drops and such , just this year trust in the police in sweden dropped by 20 percent , as a country becomes more multicultural it becomes more divided and inhospitable . 
  when i speak about nationalism i do n't mean the `` active nationalism '' so to say of army parades and and flag waving but the passive calm and peace of a trustful people , you do n't have to have a society filled with flag waving and and army parades to reap the benefits of `` nationalism '' i am sure i could spend some time looking up sources for all this , but i doubt anyone would be convinced , on either side . 
  nationalism or a shared common identity creates a common identity among groups of people outside the small family-structure we all have and make us identify with the larger group of people around us making up the `` nation '' . 
  the number 1 argument for nationalism is this societal building effect that nationalism has witch makes for example people in sweden willing to pay half their income in taxes or makes the soldier ready to die for his `` country '' aka his fellow citizen . 
  nationalism encourages social responsibility and social care of other members of the nation ( tribe ) and encourages self-sacrifice for the common good . 
  why should a man sacrifice his life for his country ? 
  because he places the life of his fellow countrymen above his own . 
  the impulse to nationalism ( tribalism ) is inherent and powerful in each and every human and is the bedrock on which a society rests on , multicultural countries which are countries where groups of people live in which they identify as belonging to different nations do not survive in the long run as their own tribal identity override the larger one . 
  for example iraq with the kurds . 
  best regards tojourspur, 
  patriotism and national identity is what holds a society together and a common national identity is what makes people willing to pay taxes to support common goals . 
  front national are the largest amongst the young in france ... 
  anything is possible if the political will exists . . trump got better numbers amongst the young than other republicans . 
  yes but then the levels should stay the same , i would argue that the amount of `` patriotism '' was higher in the `` 70 '' for example yet the `` antidemocratic views '' grow so i dont believe there is a connection between patriotism and anti-democratic opinion otherwise how do you explain the surge in anti-democratic opinion in other countries that are not as patriotic as usa ? 
  what mess ? 
  i agree with the elderly . 
  and so do a large proportion of the young , the nationalists are the largest party among many youths ... in sweden , austria and other countries . 
  he went into debt defeating the soviet union ... 
  the left is not winning the `` identity-war '' every day that goes by the nationalists make larger and larger steps towards power by gobbling up the working class , the lefts natural allies who have abandoned the left because of their massive focus on blacks and minority 's . 
  i am not a neoliberal and i despise their policies . 
  just like i think you do . 
  let me explain you have to groups group b and groub b. 
  group a is a bunch of liberal europeans who care about democracy and shit like that . 
  then you have group b they dislike democracy and womens rights etcetera . 
  group a has two kids per couple group b has 7 kids per couple you do the math . 
  i think it is because if you look at the survey it is not judged on a yes/no scale . 
  not even measured trough a `` approve very much approve neutral disapprove strongly '' . 
  this survey is done trough a 1-10 approval scale which when there are over 20 questions people just go straight down the list clicking , because they cant be bothered , this was also a very large survey ( many questions ) meaning question fatigue . 
  well there are illegal settlements and gypsies outside every supermarket in sweden . 
  but not anywhere close to your scale . 
  or perhaps we can protest with some kind of dignity and respect instead of trying to inflame feelings and stir passions that perhaps should not be stirred . 
  or we can just encourage child growth trough subsidizes and a changing of the national culture ? 
  yes but in sweden when we talk about immigration it is usually only that witch is talked about . 
  the immigration of norwegians and europeans do not cause the problems asylum immigration does . 
  `` yeah fuck those people for having communally celebrated symbols to celeberate their country '' , a edgy american teen/s, 
  do you believe the same with drugs ? 
  for you ? 
  the line between culture and religion is often blurred . 
  culture is far deeper than holidays and food it is also about how we view `` manhood '' and strength proper actions and impropriety , how we rais children and how we govern ourselves those things are culturally affected aswell . 
  the life of the individual is but a part of society if people do whatever the hell they want without thinking about society then we will have problems . 
  do you think the values taught in the middle east is superior to the western values of democracy and equality for women . 
  if you believe in democracy and equality then you must support the cultures that are more democratic and equal , those ar the superior cultures unless you are going to equalise the cultures of stoning women to death and the eu, 
  not really . 
  when the left wont even talk about immigrant crime rates or problems associated with them and think there are 55 genders with no biological difference between men and women its pretty easy to tell who is the anti-science ones . 
  as long as it is not new year !, 
  a majority in parliament and they still maintain high approval ratings , when liberals speak of `` the people '' they are talking about 20 year old university students who have nerver used a shovel or tool in their life not especially scary . 
  the have the majority and are still popular . 
   forcing people into a mould dictated by the elite through social conformity is a dangerous game . 
  thats exactly whats happening currently . 
  so the liberal elite that forces their values on the populace against their will . 
  are they also playing a dangerous game ? 
  keep tearing at a wound and it will never heal . 
  kd always makes it , but perhaps the moderate voters wont support-vote because of the dire straits of the moderates ,, 
  ireelevant a c leading the alliance is not going to work sd and kd would never support it . 
  voldemort was simply trying to preserve traditional wizarding clture against the ministry ( incompetent bureucrats ) and dumbledore ( muggleborn supporter ) . 
  the growing muggleborn populations led him to act to save wizarding britain . 
  there is some slight sarcasm in what i am writhing . 
  both a nationalist and a harry potter fan , why not both , 
  who controls the zdf private enterprise or a council of politicans ? 
  or a `` independ '' board ? 
  immigration ? 
  feminism ? 
  `` socially liberal '', 
  yes liberals both the right wing burgher parties which are economically liberal and the social liberals . 
  the greens .
