  whe are beastuania when it comes to internet speeds . 
  a bit more like middle eastern stand-off . 
  obviously porn . . 
  well all estonians live on the internet , where we have a lot of people who would struggle to find a browser . . 
  that is how revolutions start . 
  eastern europe is pretty much florida of eu . 
  is n't florida a fictional place with a villain called florida-man running wild ? 
  damn that is way worse , at least here no one got hurt . 
  and in general i believe that this incident actually benefited us , police can now look at what they do wrong and correct itself ( of course that will happen . . ) without any harm done to people . 
  accidental exercise . 
  i was really hoping that it might be not real and just an joint police and aras exercise in case of emergency . 
  i was not saying that they did not have them earlier , but they were given out to way more policemen than usual recently . 
  i am quite chill , that was just a joke . 
  i think that my country might just be mental . 
  usually , in normal countries , police tries to take automatic riffles away from people , our police are giving them away . 
  usually most of bars will have potatoes , you are fine . 
  apparently he worked mostly on bmw cars , this might explain why so many of them crashed into bus stops recently , it is all according to keikaku !, 
  it is just hard to understand how is this happening , some random drug addict with mental issues can outrun and hide from all of the police . . 
  dude , we live in eastern europe . 
  so ... apperantly #prayforvilnius is spreading , and this video is also pretty common https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghxqiittttu&amp;app=desktop , this whole thing is so crazy . . 
  i think that he might be some super spy from uk . 
  i hope not , apparently they handed out ak-47 to police yesterday because of the paris events and heightened danger . 
  magic !, 
  the ak was in the police car , how did it exactly go we might never find out . 
  i thought shit like that can only happen in movies . . 
  we also have china 's athlete factories which might not use doping but could also be considered unhealthy for athletes . 
  soviet brainwash is lingering on . 
  he is american , he would die if he did not tip . 
  that 's why i ca n't call myself lithuanian , i hate both of those . 
  pretending that you know something is basically the key element of politics . 
  guy probably lives in the colonies . 
  do n't forget the terrible food . 
  yea i realized that from source of that comment , but just weird way to code text bolding . 
  edit : why does hashtag make the words bold . . 
  that would not be easy to afford for a lot of people in ee . 
  come on everyone knows toilet water is best water . 
  so that is where the secret cia prison is !, 
  i think that guy is trolling . 
  he ca n't be serious . 
  we like to pretend that that is not vilnius . 
  i always found this building intimidating . 
  quite fitting place for them . 
  pretty cool how fast some of the things are build . 
  sad that renovations are lagging all the time though . 
  those renovation companies are so mismanaged . 
  glad that my apartment block got finally renovated and it is definitely huge improvement in how much heat remains inside . 
  the annoying thing is that them running away is going to add additional costs and draw of resources when they already were given so much . 
  i think it really depends on the city . 
  hey no spoilers , i am still not sure it is him . 
  oh so that is why it seemed so familiar . 
  and why they used hitler so casually . 
  that portrait of hitler was hilarious . 
  interesting that they used him the way they did . 
  poor russian warship , being bullied by tiny malta . 
  drifters have pretty interesting concept , pretty decent animation and fun action scenes . 
  though it is not perfect i have been enjoying it a lot . 
  the problem is that lending to russia is not as attractive as to other high spenders . 
  obviously us baltic countries are plotting to topple down russia again . 
  yeah , did n't india recently send strikes against `` terrorists '' in pakistan ? 
  can there be more than 20 parties making it possible for non of them beat the threshold ? 
  that 's because he takes into account russian regions which are not in russia , like crimea . 
  seems a bit impractical and uncomfortable to use though . 
  it is like asking fish not to swim . 
  luckily he is very rich now . 
  yea but i am not sure how much nato can rely on turkey . 
  that is almost how brexit went . 
  they are silly people . 
  we decided that it 's a silly sport . 
  they were also the ones who were holding us back . 
  nah , we need to turn them into a snowglobe . 
  the problem is that we have snow but we do not have mountains . 
  heck we had to build some http://www.skiresort.info/ski-resort/snow-arena-druskininkai/ . 
  yea , the dumb media is full of segments about this . 
  yea , we only hate local poles . 
  i am pretty sure that this will actually increase costs for them in the long run . 
  lower than 3 % is bad . 
  that at least explains why are they all so extreme in the same direction . 
  no shit . 
  like what the hell are these newspapers . 
  they get posted here with their crazy covers so often . 
  are these some kind of fringe newspapers ? 
  has been raining whole day , still surprised that there is quite a bit snow left . 
  looks nice , but this creates so much waste . 
  difference is couple of thousands of nukes . 
  pretty nice , but red tide is coming . 
  our diets are also pretty crappy . 
  but why would anyone open door for random people ? 
  it just does not make sense . 
  you never know who they might be . 
  ignore that part , we have had u\u017egav\u0117n\u0117s for a long time which is essentially halloween just more for the kids and the masks are creepier and this might have more impact on peoples acceptance to halloween . 
  ah brings back good memories , saaremaa is such a great island to travel to , lots of small things to explore and good place to go camping . 
  though i think there was no water when i was at the crater , might be remembering incorrectly . 
  more like icarus . 
  surely sabas is more famous . 
  have you seen how stupid the sample size is ? 
  also if you checked you would see that syria is the top1 as the # 1 threat with 6 fucking votes . . 
  though the latest data is from 2013 . 
  i have degree in statistics and that is probably worst survey i have seen . 
  results are literally worthless with sample sizes like that . 
  you clearly have n't . .
