  that is not the purpose of the book , have you even read the article ? 
  ah yea , a hollywood movie is the best indicator of how people act in war . 
  well it kinda what it is , just re-purposed for educating general public . 
  out of all the things , this is where you see the waste ? 
  something never happens until it happens . 
  being prepared never hurt anyone , spending pennies on it will not bring our economy down . 
  we have been calling them a threat forever . 
  we are not the only ones . . 
  nice try mr. putin . 
  i think these are not refugees , these are migrants . 
  though i think that a lot of neighbor countries are taking quite a few refugees from ukraine which is oddly are not taken into account when eu is talking about quotas . 
  how many damn trump supporters might be hidden between all these us refugees ? 
  think about safety guys !, 
  again ? 
  i would guess all ukrainians went to poland ? 
  yeah , sometimes i feel like the only person in the country who does not like them . 
  the thing is , the distribution of consumption is very skewed towards top drinkers , so an average person will drink 50 times less than 5 % of the top ones or something strong like that ( numbers out of my ass , ca n't find the article which discussed this ) . 
  sometimes i am not sure how are those people even are alive . 
  they import 50 % more than they export . 
  what normal country would want to support army which is killing so many innocent people in syria and not even hiding it ? 
  the thing is , as time and technology moves forward putting huge numbers of troops into frontline is becoming more and more pointless . 
  especially when a lot of people dies , discipline drops and the force loses strength . 
  most of the acts still do n't try , it 's just us . 
  kim is just too good of a dancer . 
  unless you yourself are corrupt . 
  so does kim . 
  you should read up on those massive freight ships . 
  they produce stupendous amount of pollution ( though they are still pretty efficient when compared to other transport ) . 
  poland has that already covered . 
  ah yea , the stupid ideology of `` the party which i do not support won , it means everyone else who voted are sheeps '' . 
  funny thing is that we had increased turn up from people who did not vote in the last election . 
  these results might indicate better on what the population wants and it is a good thing . 
  time will show if they were correct or not , but they ca n't really do worse than what we had . 
  they are also plan on going against the illegal production very heavily . 
  again , if this is done slowly and with enough thought it can be done correctly . 
  only time will show though , i myself did not vote for them but i think they might be what we need . 
  huge problem with that . 
  our it sector is growing every year , we have plenty of highly educated people returning to the country an we have a lot of businesses moving here because of the fact that we are above the west when it comes to infrastructure . 
  same goes for biotechnology and physics related businesses . 
  those 33000 are mostly leaving for unskilled labor . 
  the more you talk the less i see any arguments from economical perspective . 
  you do not sound informed or educated enough for this discussion to lead to anything since you are repeating yourself over and over . 
  i do n't think they will go trough with all their alcohol policies . 
  they are quite pro technocracy so they will have plenty of time to analyze it better . 
  our taxes are one of the lowest . . 
  we have tons of people like this . 
  luckily they are more likely to just emigrate and stop bothering us . 
  a lot of corruption scandals in most of the other major parties and need for a change has led to this . 
  they are not radically leaning to either side so this might be good for the country in the long run . 
  the question is who will they form coalition with . 
  you really sound like someone who has no idea what he is talking about . 
  joining eu created a lot of jobs especially to those who are educated due to the fact that businesses which rely on such labor is very mobile . 
  you will fund ministry of health regardless if you have public or private hospitals . 
  no they do not have to be more expensive , they have better taxation and are more interconnected . 
  also keeping people healthy is way more profitable than them going to hospital too late for a cheap solution . 
  the drag bad healthcare has on economy is massive . 
  most of what brexit proves is that there is quite a few flaws in eu and we are still sluggish at improving due to bureaucracy . 
  hopefully brexit will help us to move forward . 
  ha , suck that estonia and latvia . 
  yeah , when irishmen stand on the scales , the scale says that it is not designed to weight livestock . 
  it definitely ca n't be because leftists are more likely to seek carrier and financial stability before forming families . 
  because it is too cheap for people to get help , duh . 
  helps to have all that russian state sponsorship / s. 
  they merged few years ago in order to try to win some more seats . 
  yeah , it takes a big chunk out of most peoples income . 
  especially hard for ones living on minimum wage . 
  greek prices are quite similar though . 
  the difference is no where close to justify 1000eur being the baseline for poverty . 
  maybe latin alphabet hurts his eyes . 
  so we are just more honest . 
  until another hack happens and it will drop in half . 
  it is for the better in the long term . 
  well it used to have cyan boarder and white text until i changed it . 
  so it can be worse . 
  well , that 's not very classy , but that channel is cancer . 
  bars are usually overcrowded and because of that very expensive . 
  we could use more anti-booze . 
  it is probably the peasant part of the party which was why people voted , so hard to tell how it will go . 
  hopefully it will not focus too much on rural development . 
  just because you do n't think we are important does not mean it is true . 
  eh conscription is not that bad of a thing , especially when it 's not hard to get out of it if you are very much against it . 
  rain during election day is tradition for us . 
  for a second i did not realize this was sarcasm . 
  quite a few parties are very fringe . 
  lithuanians , might explain the suicide rate . 
  the thing is , the political parties here are totally random and do not even conform to their core values . 
  lefts are voting for right wing policies and vice versa . 
  the more i live here the less i want to stay because of hopelessness . 
  nothing is safe against them , everyone just agrees that all the deaths are the necessary sacrifice to keep them at bay . 
  hmm , can we include a gasoline generator inside the trunk which heats water and transfers it trough pipes around the battery ? 
  but it totally makes sense , the unpredictability of situation is what is causing this . 
  hopefully a lithuanian will get one tomorrow . 
  listen to the french , they are experts in protests . 
  we have political party which fits all of this completely . 
  part of me ca n't believe that he is serious . 
  i mean , most of these are not too far from the truth , a bit went wild on sky and water things , but rest of them are close enough . 
  warm is a relative thing . 
  40 is swarm of bullets . 
  not being able to think is a bonus on reddit . 
  we need to build a wall .
