  still bad at the game . 
  going to be privateer nation ? 
  can i pick asian countries for example korea ? 
  for that one week . 
  you are neighboring water , global climate change will make sure it will invade you . 
  original constitution of 1918 had vilnius as our capital . 
  why would we ? 
  it is historically and culturally lithuanian city . . 
  that is not how it works ... heck after soviet union we ** reinstated ** independence . 
  all of your population is made up of immigrants . 
  you forget that in those 240 years we had europe 's infrastructure devastated by wars . 
  us barely felt a hit . 
  yep , and you probably can get it in other countries for free too , not only your own . 
  it is kinda correct , that is the point of taxes . 
  the ratios are just off when it comes to refugees . 
  are we sure that this is not actual hitler who gets angry about this arrest , time travels to the past and starts ww2 ? 
  obviously serb replied with that . 
  they are were vikings and we were land vikings . 
  or when police arrested a guy in vilnius , who proceeded to steal ak from police car when they stopped for w/e reason and then got out of car and ran away while handcuffed . 
  city went quite crazy with police sirens everywhere . 
  the salts part . 
  though poland is known for their salt mines . 
  we have beaches and bitches mate . 
  ofc we are part of florida . . 
  more kids = more people earning money for the family , add medical achievements of 20th century which reduced mortality before adulthood and you get population explosion . 
  for countries in asia/africa differently than in first world countries children do not add to the cost but add to the income . 
  obviously this is changing nowadays , but will take some time until they drop to europe/us levels of reproduction . 
  it looks nothing like it though . 
  you mean the strangled chicken ? 
  sea freighting is pretty much the only thing latvia does . 
  recent events in romania shows that crap is actually shoveled on top of the rug . 
  we ca n't into canada . 
  just because we are being critical of the source it does not mean we hate russia . 
  russia and most of their people are not the problem . 
  oh i understand that you are joking because of the context . 
  but seeing comment like this outside of this would be tougher . 
  the sad thing is that it is hard to tell if you are joking or you are getting paid for it . 
  come one russian news channels are the bestest source of facts ^ ^ ^ tm out there . 
  vikings pillaged some maybe ? 
  there was that one time they stole water from neighbors to fight some fire . 
  so they were involved in international firefight . 
  did so , he told me he was my third cousin , not sure how he ended up there from northern europe and became prince , but good to know my family is doing well . 
  probably worst impression out of all so far . 
  how is that a joke . 
  i really hope we will have one of these for every country in the world . 
  those are strong words coming from a romanian . 
  probably a big issue in surveys like this , though do not think it would have big effects . 
  and a lot more of elderly uses internet than you think , again we need to look at other countries and our relative usage seems to be oddly low especially knowing how good our internet infrastructure is . 
  this says nothing in this case . 
  latvia and estona has high % . 
  well technically we are 3rd . 
  because china numba one and america is tied with them . 
  surprised our number to be that low . 
  well i believe she sounds very right . 
  i have similar view on russia and some other places . 
  it is quite clear that a lot of countries under this type of rule are suffering economical problems and people are not getting better . 
  how can they not see that it is the government which is failing them ? 
  sun ? 
  i think this fin is trying to communicate , but cant understand his speech . 
  can someone translate ? 
  it is cloudy and gloomy , ofc it is summer . 
  triggered . 
  no they are leaving both economical and political union with europe . 
  well it is a legit thing . 
  humans are not perfect , too much accuracy could indicate an ai . 
  sorry but when the bridge decides to detonate one of the ramps it is hard to serve a purpose of a bridge . 
  you think a bot could write something that dumb ? 
  still have the hannibal . 
  well once we are all second eu will be first !, 
  you do n't understand , corruption is obviously better , you just never tried it !, 
  has any of you even tried being corrupt mp ? 
  this guy has real experience and he knows what is good . 
  how dare you to barge into his echo chamber ? 
  cool bot . 
  so when are the riots since protest did not work ? 
  in putins russia you buy grad rockets in duty free . 
  markets only factored in the unpredictability of situation , that is why pound has dropped . 
  same . 
  if she is from kaunas then her view might be skewed . 
  would not be too different ( probably larger % ) if we looked at 25-30 . 
  we only do n't like the poles who live here because they are very reluctant on assimilating and cry wolf on every tiny thing . 
  and we had black sea before the commonwealth . 
  well it is more realistic after brexit than it was before it . 
  lithuania can into education . 
  they do n't really have european values though . 
  heck this probably shocked vw out of their stagnated state and now they will push for something actually new and innovative . 
  what ? 
  it has been european thing for long before us existed . 
  it is surreal to see that people from one country in alliance want asylum in another country in the same alliance . 
  we are busy shopping in poland so we do not notice latvians . 
  did not expect estonia/latvia be higher than us . 
  new tourists ? 
  yea , they sell puke marketed as chocolate . 
  why ? 
  line ups somewhat similar without having the same implications it represented . 
  the gdp map is not about changes in gdp so how does it show how it fallen or risen . 
  damn this article is hard to read because of it 's lack of accuracy . 
  everyone knows that redline skin on ak increases your headshot % . 
  oh dear , our braliukas is retarded . 
  zombies i guess .
