  to keep all the mexicans in before they realize we are not friendly . 
  well here drunk people jump from bridges trying to reach escape velocity . 
  though that is misinterpreted as suicides, 
  with enough high grade alcohol any finn can become a space weapon . 
  only the ones who call the shots are relevant . 
  is he uk version of trump ? 
  that is why us is coming after the whole airplane thing . 
  of course it is real , how dare you insult the great leader ? 
  yea , sometimes term experts really is considered too broadly in surveys . 
  talking from personal experience . 
  then why such a big difference from performance results ? 
  damn , we are almost last at perception . 
  very self conscious . 
  agnosticism is not about only god , it is wider thing . 
  orange does not really fit because that implies they believe supernatural things exist . 
  so agnostics probably would be in yellow zone ? 
  i am way more annoyed by people who are in our country for 30 + years and still ca n't speak lithuanian . 
  normal immigrants who actually want to try i welcome with open arms . 
  i am just going to trust you because you are greek , that is your field . 
  in few decades . 
  water levels rise so it will be cheaper since there will be no holland . 
  somehow for me it would seem counter intuitive to smoke when you have relatively small salary . 
  this , i do n't mind people who smokes in private where they affect only themselves , but walking behind or near someone who smokes is disgusting . 
  also taxes does not prevent the smugglers smuggling cheap cigaretes from countries like belarusia . 
  this is what happens when psychological help is such a taboo and not enough effort is put into finding people at risk . 
  we have a hotline , and it is well advertised . 
  the problem is that almost everyone know friend/family member or their acquaintances who killed themselves . 
  god darn bug refugees . 
  is n't this also due to economical problems ? 
  lets have it in vilnius . 
  probably most expensive shitty pizzas you could buy . 
  belgium already pays for it . 
  god damn chinese people coming to my country taking all my milk !, 
  not all the jobs fits all the people . 
  just because they are looking for a job does not mean they will take any job . 
  usually unemployment is calculated by taking only the ones who are looking for a job , sure this not always is done correctly but deviance from true value should be pretty low . 
  the question is in what country are they employed . 
  yea i kinda stopped caring about lithuanian news , got economist subscription and it gives more than enough useful information . 
  well , not as bad as delfi with all the clearly bought up articles . 
  rule # 1 of youtube , do n't read the comments . 
  and yet france and germany is pushing for decryption laws . . 
  i am a bit confused about the ban . 
  why ban something harmless like that ? 
  i understand the veil bans and etc because of security , but burkini seems odd thing to ban . 
  that is why he is putting so much effort in putting rift between kurds and rest of turkey . 
  only pepes can save us . 
  russia still sees us as gdl . 
  we are # 1 at drinking and we are not going to give our place up without a fight !, 
  this holiday in lithuania is more pagan than christian . 
  we call it grass day . 
  heck , libreoffice is way more intuitive . 
  hopefully he learned how stupid that was . 
  if only his name was scott . 
  for example ? 
  what is the point of turkey being in nato then ? 
  in reality refugees might be positive thing for us , because we would be getting the properly processed ones . 
  emigration might have helped boosting this number . 
  wait , there is a car there now ? 
  i am really hoping there will be a project to put some new statues there representing modern vilnius ( just do n't give the project to the guy who made the pipe ) . 
  well you two sound like fun people . . 
  that and basketball are pretty much the only thing we are known for . 
  careful , you might summon the beholder . 
  yeah , they make it very hard for our history researchers to do research . 
  i mean , lithuania spanned quite a big chunk of europe back in the good old days , until someone screwed it up . 
  did not say their opposition was bad . 
  as opposed to flowery government you have now ? 
  really hard to tell who are actually worse . 
  the coup might not have happened if not for his powergrab . 
  not to mention that there is no proof that was them who attempted it . 
  they oppose erdogans autocracy . 
  it probably is . 
  we copy both , and then scandinavians a bit . 
  at least in modeling . 
  thanks spain and greece , because to you almost all of us are better than average !, 
  it is weird to think that someone in russia would be shocked about more troops in bordering nations when russia went over to ukraine and just stole a piece of land with all the ukrainian assets still on it . 
  visegrad proposals are far from sensible or promoting safety . 
  hard to tell these days around topics like that . 
  ugh what ? 
  this has little to do with refugees . 
  turkey slowly is becoming syria . 
  elektrenai god is multiple creatures connected in hivemind trough wires . 
  have a sun behind it and it will look totally opposite of evil . 
  they also had pretty much no medical knowledge in that time and peasants quite a lot of the time had less food than necessary . 
  no it was not clear , hyperbole can be used in both jocular content and not . 
  what source are you basing these claims on ? 
  or are you just using your degree in bullshit ? 
  that false retreat was an interesting tactic to beat teutonic army , i wonder if we would have won without it . 
  implying they were . 
  does n't something like this ( on wayy smaller scale ) happens often in israel ? 
  at least we beat everyone in suicides and alcohol consumption ... wait ... 
  woah 50 % ? 
  i mean , if you are going to post a wall of text , could you at least format it ? 
  edit : thanks for editing , now it is easier to read . 
  ah so 5 000 000 workers will support 50\u00a0000\u00a0000 not working people . 
  we seem to have an easy group . 
  only scrubs like spain and argentina . 
  a choice between a racist bigot and someone covered in sponsor tags is still not too nice . 
  you just had to go and build something taller than our flying saucer tv tower . 
  first we send our ~ ~ invading force ~ ~ imigrants , then we send people to take the leadership . 
  next step is occupation .
