  it probably would be banned under some wider law in most european countries . 
  we need to build a wall to keep mcdonald supporters out . 
  well we had tanks rolling in our street so i would not say it was without conflict . 
  is mannequin challenge just an normal everyday view of estonian life ? 
  is n't that what france usually does ? 
  i think you mistook this sub with / r/the _ donald . 
  yeah , we do n't want this year end with big bang . 
  yes you . 
  had no idea that russian language had linguistic links to turkish . 
  i am guessing this is one of those things which spread trough trade routes and a lot of countries have similar word ? 
  not sure if 15min would put that much effort in their content . 
  but did not know that this is being done often . 
  from some pictures i would have guessed that it was done at times close to dawn so that is probably only time that there are no people . 
  sometimes when i am going home at 2am there are still plenty of people in gediminas street , which is pretty cool . 
  impressive that they managed to find time when there are little to no people . 
  do n't engines emit water vapor ? 
  just sit them under the rocket when you launch it . 
   what if something goes wrong and it hits an unintended target ? 
  well only russian supported rebels manage that . 
  they are already doing it . 
  not only in their own boarders too . 
  what does tovarish mean ? 
  i have heard it many times but never really considered . 
  what time of the year was that ? 
  well it starts every year and then nothing changes . 
  was there 2 months ago , was still in pretty bad condition . 
  well we do have kaunas . 
  which is basically represents a battlezone quality of roads . 
  hopefully this lesson will spread . 
  so it will be 10 years . 
  i also wonder about correlation between this and alcohol consumption . 
  heck he was dishing points on level of random reddit comment . 
  without proper arguments or understanding how the geopolitics work . 
  did he not prepare what he was going to ask ? 
  or how baltics are comparable with russia . 
  do n't you see the thousand people stampede we are having each week ? 
  i do n't really agree with much what linkevicius does but gosh this interviewer was annoying . 
  he seemed very keen on pushing some kind of agenda , not familiar with the show so maybe it is because of that . 
  inside the tree ? 
  is he an elf ? 
  lucky for you it is not paid by government . 
  yeah one of rare places where population numbers started to recover . 
  i do n't know , this one kinda looks more festive than the elf house tree we had . 
  ah typical comment just repeating the echo-chamber . 
  lets ignore that business is booming and a lot of educated people are returning . 
  let 's get stuck on wage hunters of unskilled work . 
  http://www.euroncap.com/en/results/tesla/model-s/7897 not sure about where to get the american report where they allegedly topped the scores . 
  but here we also have it score 5 stars . 
  what idiocy , this claim is according to regulatory testing . . 
  as if when petrol cars crash they are perfectly fine and never explode . 
  teslas are still far safer than any cars out there . 
  teslas are at least reliable . 
  pretty cool place , funny thing was how many lithuanians i met there . 
  sailing around estonian islands is a great adventure , so many interesting little islands and people are quite chill and friendly . 
  how is russia viewed by people in china ? 
  heck these days it is probably easier for us to pay it due to low rates . 
  is it about a conspiracy ? 
  yea not arguing with that . 
  hopefully russia will just chill and let us have a peaceful life . 
  i do n't think they can afford involving themselves in more conflicts at this moment . 
  common sense . 
  porn tourism in germany will spike . 
  i would argue that germany can use those funds better than russia . 
  the levels of corruption are not on the same level . 
  or us . 
  reducing access and creating a state monopoly are two different things . 
  and i am not basing it on my beliefs , i am basing it on evidence in countries where it was tried . 
  well you could share one because i ca n't find anything in whos alcohol program which would align to what valstie\u010diai wants . 
  mostly because it would actually increase the problem . 
  their view on alcohol is definitely more extreme than whos . 
  they want to create either a state monopoly or go towards prohibition level of stuff . 
  when was who stating that as a good option . 
  they are definitely populists . 
  most of their campaign promises are not going to happen nor their are a solution . 
  look at their whole alcohol skit . 
  they were just shouting what people wanted to hear and now they are pretty scrambled . 
  they already forgot they promised more technocratic approach . 
  their political background is also pretty pour . 
  they are more tame than trump or la pen or whatever the balcan countries are having , but calling them populists is not incorrect . 
  well it is partially due to that is one of the few ways they know how to deal with recession . 
  that and infrastructure spending . 
  i mean , we elected a quite populist party . 
  not a far right one , but still . 
  good thing that you only have russia as an option . 
  yea but atlantic ocean has identity problems . 
  that 's why it is called trans-pacific partnership . 
  he comes with tpp though . 
  yeah , good thing they got a good kick in their ass during elections . 
  yeah , too bad we ca n't choose trump . 
  and a very beautiful one to say the least . 
  well fluctuations like that have happened , but most of them have explanation . 
  and those explanations do not help to explain the climate change . 
  there are not really too many of us and you can live on eu/us standards and still be environmentally friendly . 
  the problem is that the people in charge benefit for not being so . 
  widespread corruption/lobbying is causing a lot of misinformation . 
  heck these days it is hard to tell how much fossil fuel based energy generation costs because of very complicated subsidy chain in the production cycle and global market . 
  yes it is sizable enough if we switch . 
  there is no doubt in that . 
  though we are having other problems like deforestation which if having just as big effect . 
  the climate changes before humans were completely different .
