  i never studied russian and my family barely uses it , but i still could hold a basic conversation . 
  though cowboys are extremely allergic to it . 
  i guess i have to stop snorting m&m s. 
  west : `` you are grounded russia !, 
  stop picking on ukraine ! '', 
  russia : `` you think i want to leave this place anyways ? 
  its you who needs me being outside . . '', 
  and his best friend ron weasel from riga . 
  easy to catch them though . 
  damn polish mexicans taking our jabs in uk . 
  a lot of similarities . 
  i am now going to call all polish people in lithuania damn mexicans . 
  neighbors and terrible rulers happened . 
  it would kinda make sense if the money would go directly to supporting refugees without any subtractions . 
  yep , they are illegal in lithuania . 
  orbital trading . 
  finglish is the best english . 
  hard to make something better than something supported by unlimited funds . 
  that 's where refugees will be relocated . 
  are n't they actually telling that ? 
  as if with the point of ttp/ttip being a tool to compete with china better ? 
  especially since coal should be taxed significantly higher on how terrible it is . 
  exactly , just because it will be bad for russia does not mean that it will also be good for eu . 
  we are developing , please give us money !, 
  we will even eat frog legs !, 
  [ well you do n't need votes to be the winners . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbadolqpbwg ), 
  those are also lithuanian . 
  that 's because half of uk viewers are lithuanian . 
  `` make eurovision great again ! '', 
  well i guess leave campaign can use this as a pitch too . 
  the point is to do it on purpose , you are not trying to be bad , you are just bad . 
  i like it for all the bad songs . 
  which is kinda weird ? 
  to like something because it sucks . 
  they are too bad at it even for our pity votes . 
  gun smugglers pay good bribes . 
  someone correct me if i am wrong : fiba created their own basketball league , but since there are already quite a few tournaments and leagues like euroleague with long roots and dedicated viewership , and because teams have to choose ( they do n't have time to play everything ) all the teams stay with euroleague ( and few other ones ) . 
  fiba then decided to tell the countries/teams that if they do not join their new league they will not be allowed to play in eurobasket , but most of countries realize that they have the say in this because they are what attracts the viewership to eurobasked so they did not agree to anything . 
  and now fiba is considering to ban those countries . 
  i 'm sure that i remember something wrong so please correct my mistakes . 
  maybe has to do with poland not being very good in basketball competitions . 
  what do you even mean ? 
  basketball is pretty big . 
  no one will watch eurobasked if this happens , what fucking leverage does fiba think they have when threatening to pretty much ban all teams which make up all of quarterfinals ? 
  some random lithuanian kid in his basement . 
  well what for us looks like mistake might look for them as correct thing . 
  in that case repetition would be natural . 
  we call them `` forsai '' they wear tracksuits , constantly eat sunflower seeds and spit everywhere and usually they listen to annoying music on phone speakers . 
  ha , we beat those yanks !, 
  well i doubt anything proper will come from them . 
  interesting how our politicians missed the bullet . 
  i guess they could not afford this law firm . 
  yea but the impact that percentage has on russian economy is quite huge . 
  i then reject my own reality and substitute with my new reality . 
  hey !, 
  some of use are one third of an american !, 
  i believe that i do n't want to believe . 
  oh wow , i was very very confused of what sub i was in until i realized what day it is . . 
  it is a bit different thing . 
  but generally from mathematical point of view most of the things are random . 
  lithuania stong !, 
  seriously , big part this probably is caused by having belarus near us . 
  sadly did not work out that well . 
  technically you are correct , everything in the universe is random . 
  or derived from a random process . 
  as if we are any different . 
  like true broliukai . 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ dictator ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ erdogan aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa, 
  by a lot you mean barely any ? 
  huh what happened at poland/lithuanian boarder ? 
  well the country is at war with rebels ( of which several groups are extremists ) , does that really count as terrorism ? 
  nah , he will drink some bad soup . 
  really hope that guy got away okay . 
  also why american ? 
  well it is not like migrants want to come to lithuania , the true refugees are probably more likely to be willing to come here . 
  wow did not expect something like this . 
  that 's the point . 
  what 's a belgium ? 
  yea it adds up , he wanted to help his ally assad to get more control and weaken his enemies . 
  even though i am against putin and his actions in syria , it seems like he succeeded to acomplish most of what he wanted in this case . 
  latvia ca n't into baltics . 
  ublock lets me see everything . 
  guys on the left had better clothes . 
  can someone tl : dr , too lazy to read clickbait . 
  sending alcohol might be harder ? 
  hard to say . 
  i would expect that most of asylum seekers from past 2 years were from ukraine ? 
  that 's what tobacco lobby wants , not eu probably . 
  oh , the country where everyone were millionaires before joining eu . 
  well you applied as a joke and got accepted . 
  applied as a joke and forgot to withdraw for 20 years . 
  depends on whether local channels has contracts to show them , if so then netflix might not show . 
  ( house of cards has that problem ), 
  with the content we are getting , i would rather watch paint dry and keep the money . 
  we first need to find good ways of keeping our people from leaving . 
  we got tanks !, 
  politicians . 
  we are billionaires boyz !!, 
  brb , going to buy some beer from maxima .
