  compromise is giving proper prices and not being manipulative . 
  such is life . 
  yea some of the titles is the best part of economist , though i do n't read it anymore , a bit too expensive for me . 
  from fascists duh !, 
  well the risk of them not paying the loans is what causing this , nothing too special . 
  so how will this be enforced ? 
  what 's stoping gasprom from ignoring this since countries will continue to need their gas for now . 
  humans . 
  russian money . 
  the big outliers who do these things would do the same even if everybody would have xbows . 
  i do n't know man . . 
  if i go there i might think twice before eating ice cream . 
  i see a lot of points , its just too economically unfeasible . 
  once i have enough capital to have a safety net and our rent industry gets better regulations , i 'm out of this nest . 
  i think he still did n't . 
  it 's a vowel , kinda like long i. 
  nah that 's just normal in france . 
  or sign of business to their kids/spouses when entering parliament like in other countries . 
  it 's i with wings . 
  well i guess it depends on what people you communicate with . . 
  what might be legit reason to you does not mean that it is legit reason to others , and vice versa . 
  huh , we use y and not only for loanwords . 
  lithuania and latvia are n't slavic also , but we might have borrowed c pronunciation from them . 
  or an unicorn . 
  what is stopping you from grabbing a book and reading it up ? 
  school in reality is not about pushing your mind full of random info , it 's about teaching you to learn . . 
  guys , stand up to the overlords in the north !, 
  sure . 
  we will bring good lithuanian beer . 
  but does n't usa also produce quite a bit of export which is policy driven and not really healthy ? 
  ( stuff like rice to japan ) sorry i 'm not too familiar with export economy . 
  that 's because it 's the most recent example , but the russophobia is deeper . 
  if they would use super cars as instruments i would vote for that . 
  nah it 's russophobic since it also relates to times in russian empire . 
  nope , but yea she lives in a rural area , and this comment was said during easter , so more people tend to go to church during christian holidays . 
  though i know quite a few people in vilnius who go semi-regularly to church , but scope of people i interact is quite diverse . 
  my grandma called me a communist because i do n't go to church ( i 'm agnostic ) so go figure . . 
  the one problem i see is the batteries , you still need to change them eventually , and they are costly . 
  i think there is 1 tesla in lithuania so we hub got electricity cars !, 
  now ? 
  i would guess that in lithuania that gets him more points than he would get elsewhere in western world . 
  these days more and more fishes are from fish farms too . 
  well the number would be bigger so it 's obviously more , right ? 
  ofc iceland , everyone there has an uncle in parliament . 
  does n't russia see fascists everywhere ? 
  hold on , i 'm russian to do that !, 
  metal birds only live in finland . 
  france ? 
  that 's a famous landmark , does n't count . 
  works for those on mobile . 
  yea radio , television has to use generalized language , like in a lot of places . . 
  no you fucking ca n't be fined for that . . 
  no `` bendrine '' means something along the line of `` generalized '', 
  well i guess it depends on how you like to define it . 
  grammar is a bit more than century old , language itself is older . 
  lithuanian here , it 's a really hard topic here since we have big polish/russian minorities and our language had so much challenges to stay alive during russian rule ( and during commonwealth but for different reasons ) , but i think we are pretty nationalistic since our language is also pretty unique , and we love it , our gov is pretty nationalistic when referring to our language . 
  well it 's about time . . 
  so they are certain about this now , no hopes of getting loan ? 
  well in soviet russia there is a saying `` youth camps for youth champs !, 
  i thought the greece joining eu was then giving us a big wooden horse . 
  i better learn how to make a fire , then again , i 'm in eastern europe , so if nukes start flying from russia , i do n't think i will have a chance to make fire . 
  no , i think it 's suzuki . 
  the same people would still control the decisions russia makes , you think these events are only putins ideas ? 
  i 'm sure nk would congratulate them . 
  well this fact is probably true , just no one reached that amount yet . 
  because she always talks what people want to hear , not always she acts on those claims or usually goes 180 on them after some time . 
  yea , minimal wage is 300 $ , and median salary is probably pretty close to that , she gets a lot of money , but what can we do , she has black belt so it 's hard to oppose this . 
  such is life . 
  i hope this will help to do the same here in lithuania , dubbed shows are so annoying when quality of dubbing is terrible and some of the translations seem to be done with google translator . 
  now we have to use `` other means '' to get quality non-dubbed tv shows . 
  yeah , if only grybauskaite would get less , our minimal wages is lower than other baltic countries , so politicians should also get proportionally lower amount . 
  she makes a lot of money on the side anyway . 
  he/she is feminist and hates all d 's . 
  well it 's like in most countries . 
  there are as many good people as there are bad ones . 
  article does mention video games . 
  cool that you are such an expert in geopolitics . 
  but ukraine is also getting loans from europe , so issues are not that separate . 
  it 's because it would undermine china 's domestic laws , not sure about other countries . 
  also i do n't think that west had more people than asia . 
  it 's more political than anti-gay . 
  and there is no cure for assholes like you , at least no humane ones . 
  blame greek government , they were screwing people in the long run for decades . 
  where the hell did you read that this is what he means . . 
  maybe he got confused about colours , at thirst i also was thinking red were the ones against gays getting equal benefits . 
  results seem to be highly predictable . 
  probably sitting at home and watching russian tv and not realizing they drove through . 
  they drove through most bigger cities . 
  united states of europe sounds pretty cool , but very unlikely to happen anytime soon , european politics differ too much between countries . 
  oh god , this is too great ... also pretty expected from ignorant person . 
  at least lithuania is off the charts !, 
  what a load of bs . . no wonder it 's telegraph . 
  would be probably still as close to lithuania . 
  the key point here is , ignore the god damn upvotes ... did you come here for points or to express your opinion ? 
  now here at lithuania it 's probably reversed percentage , a lot of ignorant people out here , and a lot of tolerant ones are emigrating . . 
  come on , that sub is full of racist and all kinds of ignorant people , at first i thought it was just random people , but after a month or 2 i realized that that 's majority of the sub and i immediately unsubscribed . 
  he is swiss , what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  randomly from overall environment , its really weird thing . 
  i never use it . . 
  depends on people , i would not care about tourists doing it , but i , for some reason , get really annoyed if local tries to speak to me in russian or polish .
