  you have no idea what si units are . . 
  so double the fun , you destroy those pesky bugs in rainforests and get to eat nutella !, 
  because high progressive income taxes is not something what people need to worry in entrepreneurship . 
  mate , its just because they are part of ldk . 
  what ? 
  your argument had nothing to do with discussion . . 
  usually the researches measure atheism by beliefs not by what group you assign yourself to . 
  usually you rank lower in atheism rankings than romania . 
  well at least we manage to swallow them . 
  what do you mean , you are definitely a religious country compared to others . 
  sorry , sold my arms to get rich . 
  eu can into baltics !, 
  i thought we had more trees : /, 
  sorry , your salary is not enough to cover how much we lithuanians drink . 
  damn latvians are the rich braliukas it seems . 
  barely earning is a bit more useful than not earning if you are registered as unemployed, 
  photographer was holding his pint while taking this . 
  are you talking about our national stadium ? 
  i think with that funding it will be a mountain eventually . 
  25 % still would not be enough , and it is like always , alcohol consumption follows log scale . 
  it is a serious problem out here . 
  nah i am just talking from pure statistical point of view . 
  and then we celebrate the truce with a drink !, 
  because majority of gun deaths happen because people have guns . 
  you ca n't outrun a bullet . 
  yea but we are # 1 at drinking so our people are too drunk to run . 
  we would also need more than 0 mountains we have . 
  for whatever reason i have not noticed it in vokie\u010di\u0173 street , i guess i was not really looking for it . 
  now i wonder , i have n't seen one but we must have one . 
  but people on / r/worldnews told us we were baddies !, 
  we have a lot of stray cats though !, 
  in other countries it would be with sssr symbolism , in some way i understand that it would have negative effect on some people having all the horrors reminded , but it is still very silly . 
  kinda , for a lot of people it is easier to go abroad than take the minimum wage here . 
  for those who get average/above average it 's kinda decent but still not that great since we import most of the things . 
  seems about right . 
  half of people who can speak english moves away . 
  weird that there is no data for us . 
  and how would that help ? 
  the us company has majority of gmo patents under us law , you ca n't really make eu law which would ignore it . 
  there is no other solution except banning it to maintain the control over the supply . 
  now lets say we abolish the patents under eu laws , then the major companies which are already established will eat up the production/supply and get the control over price/quantity making others incapable of competing , this would be solved by giving the governmental organizations control over the production to drive price to marginal costs , which again has a lot of issues . 
  situation is not so simple . 
  the patent system is nowhere near being perfect , but it is also one of the devices to put some control over oligopolic market . 
  maybe eu just does n't want to rely on us patents on seeds . 
  maybe after we establish our own pool this will be laxed . 
  70 % of revenue goes to me . 
  playing cs : go drunk helps you to channel your inner russian, 
  but that 's when they start playing stuff like jazz !, 
  you would run out of alcohol though . 
  oh you just added another reason to why not to let that many of them in . 
  if only they would allow us to see the catalog before we subscribe ( sure there is trial , but after that we are blind ) . 
  it is kinda weird for them to hide , and we all know that most of the good stuff is outside of our reach . 
  well kinda close , but i think it would be better to look at something adjusted by something like ppp ? 
  gdp is not that great for comparison of pensions . 
  well that is just to blend in better . 
  and the attractive women is to hide our true intention , we are honey potting you . 
  you better not mess with us lithuanians , or else we will call our ~ ~ invaders ~ ~ emigrants back and you will have no workforce !, 
  one way or another , we will come to steal your jabs . 
  original link opened ok , but this one has the korean guys , wth ? 
  ah but we do n't pay massive pensions . 
  so maybe not as happy as in greece ? 
  i am sure that it is hard to comprehend , but when we usually have snow for 2-3 or more months every year ( though we might get less this time ) , we are prepared for it . . 
  we reached the new heights , getting ready for the jump . 
  okey , how is what they do even legal . 
  how are they still governing . 
  are there no safety mechanisms to avoid people abusing their power ? 
  we search for bmw because every week we have news about a bmw crashing into a bus stop . 
  it is an epidemic . 
  pft mate , i live in that city , so as everyone who lives somewhere they do n't go to see the local attractions , because they can go and see them anytime ( well ok , this time it will not be anytime ) . 
  since pis started stirring up chaos . 
  what the hell is going on with these comments . . 
  you can actually go inside it . 
  i think poland is just pranking us . 
  i do n't know man , i do n't see any pollution , in fact in ca n't see anything !, 
  what a fucking dumb logic is that ? 
  there is international law and other things preventing that . 
  if some random guy had a gun and will take your car it will be illegal , same analogy here . 
  it would be done in way more complex way , with all the compensations and asset transfers taken into account , too many people think that any western region would be able to just separate without doing this . 
  but it was ukrainian land and ukraine invested money into it and all those assets are still on crimeria instead of being returned to ukraine or being compensated for . 
  if people want to be part of russia they have the right , but what right do they have to rip part of old country away ? 
  well it would be weirder if we got snow and our northern brothers did not . 
  i would love to try this but i am too lazy , someone should make a game where you have to tell what country is shown on a globe ( bonus points for capital ) . 
  i kinda would not mind that here in lithuania , too much hassle to get clothes for different seasons . 
  that 's what happens when you use company to push geopolitical agendas and abuse monopolistic market . 
  i guess , they did nazi that coming ? 
  especially since pis got elected ( god what a perfect name for that madhouse ) . 
  i guess every time we fart we will have to pay you . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  both made in china . 
  will get stolen pretty fast . 
  it would be ok if it was just an accident , but it is more likely to be just another russian attempt to push their agenda and be an annoying prick at nato/eu side . 
  it is 2am , how can i got to sleep while rofl . 
  meh , from time to time you meet couple of them . 
  damn , you pretty much described sweden . 
  are swedes the true opposite of italians ? 
  i do econometrics so it is basically the same just a lot more fire and reversed crosses , and weird symbols . 
  i bet it was also full moon and the sun was going over libra . 
  shhh , that is a secret , we are totally not in control of the galaxy . 
  yes but it is irrelevant since for russia he does not have that symbolic value . 
  because sheen is most recent example .
