  most of educated people have been coming back + a lot of sectors have foreign people working , shit is not as bad as he is crying . 
  and pensions will not exist by 2050 anyway , europe will probably have some version of ubi . 
  depends if he is a banker . 
  well it is hottest temperature in the country and since kaliningrad is not a country the map is pretty clear . 
  it rained a bit more than usual . 
  we were leaders in lasers tech for years . 
  ended up at work with fully soaked boots and socks . 
  since most of people commute in the office the wet sock smell was only partially my fault . 
  it is about time for us to have canal system . 
  we were already involved with cern for quite a while , nice to see it being more recognized . 
  the tallship parade will look interesting this year . 
  me too . 
  nah that one is on top of europe . 
  3 of the mentioned countries are northern europe . . 
  you have to be politician . 
  there is always an option of strike . 
  yes , it is visa free , not open boarders . 
  one small thing about kermit , if you do end up taking it , it will be very hard to become independent because ming will come to my help since i am tributary . 
  more or less same here . 
  they are playing the hero schtick . 
  this sounds pretty bad for uk economy , not to mention they also have brexit to deal with . 
  yea the providers are now rushing to hike the prices and do some other weird things in order to cash in on this . 
  no wonder british politics are a circus . 
  he quadrupled his % in 25 years , going by the trend he will be elected eventually . 
  but surely turkey will have naturally lower numbers due to religion not allowing it ? 
  sure , lets grab a pint and talk it over . 
  that is how whole world will be turned into metas . 
  news from glorious land of manchu . 
  we started off wanting some peace in our northern lands . 
  unfortunately we got some offer from down under which would have helped us economically tremendously so we send some strong centaurs to help out hindustan . 
  the war for hindustan ended in crushing victory , manchu centaurs went off in a glorious battle to valhalla . 
  meanwhile on the american front manchu explorers and scientists after long talks with what is left of the tribes ( mostly fertile women ) found out that it 's actually not france they have found . 
  so we decided to be honorable and renamed our colonial nation to represent our mistake : [ new name ] ( http://imgur.com/a/eudsm ) sadly we had some bad news and found out that we had someone else contesting our claims on california : [ bad news down south ] ( http://imgur.com/a/pljm7 ) what will happen next only time will show . 
  will there be peace ? 
  will there be war ? 
  will france get coalitioned again ? 
  fits tekken well enough . 
  it is odd world when i trust this response from bbc less than a random songwriter . 
  probably while calling him fascist . 
  no roof though ? 
  yep manchu not there even though it has france . 
  hello , manchu here . 
  our glorious nation continued unifying oirat under our wing . 
  had quite a few casualties but ultimately ended up growing quite a bit . 
  meanwhile brave explorers of manchu had sailed trough east oceans and finally reached french lands , we started colonizing and teaching the way of the horse to those savage french tribes and formed our first colonial nation : http://imgur.com/a/fkjxc meanwhile rest of asia is entirely peaceful and nothing to see there . 
  not after coalitions . 
  you are one of those who is too crazy even for / r/conspiracy . 
  trump did none of mentioned things because their government system is robust against random antics . 
  where russia is different story . 
  we allied with someone who did not try to conquer and oppress many times . 
  add all the hacking , propaganda , other conflicts in countries like georgia . 
  political blackmail and gas price manipulation in order to control politics . 
  they definitely sound like a good ally to have . 
  i guess we will never know . 
  scots will be just the beginning i guess . 
  just draw boarders few kilometers shifted and we have nukes . 
  which makes me hope that it was just a stupid misunderstanding and he was left out by accident and not by malice . 
  but google and facebook makes their money trough a lot of different things . 
  break of waymo off google and things like that , you can still reduce their monopoly power by not directly affecting the main product . 
  that is basically what they often used to do with companies . 
  somehow it stopped happening and all companies started blobbing . 
  this is some imperial/soviet russia level of shit . 
  just outrageous how those american rioters attacked poor fully armed and trained turkeys guards feet with their faces . 
  no one is talking about greece , other places have it booming , one bad apple does not ruin the pot . 
  yea those people are actually starving as opposed to majority of these migrants . 
  did i say they were the only ones ? 
  they were doing it to detrimental extent though . 
  uk are the ones who were slowing most of this shit down . 
  glorious manchu was mostly recovering , has a glorious 38 development capital and spawned renaissance , took care of most of the siberian tribes , had a war with mongolia-oirat but had to keep it short due to both of them spawning tons of rebels so only took 6 provinces out of mongolia ( soon will take the rest once peace ends ) . 
  also finished first of the many colonies and discovered ~ ~ american east ~ ~ french western coast . 
  the great nation of manchu had scientists prove that earth is round , so to do it more empirically manchu has vowed to find sea route to france and we know that if we swim straight east we will reach western coast of francia and will be able to colonize their savage lands . 
  not yours , the qndzvoik guy 's . 
  heck that statement was xenophobic . 
  almost no one is doing that , it is something overblown by the media like everything is . 
  perfect for jobs which will be taken over by robots . 
  maybe the rebels chose him as representative !, 
  careful , sarcasm might go over his head . 
  the tale of glorious korea first years were hard . 
  rebels were still reneging trough korea taking provinces while korean people were recovering from manpower losses . 
  fortunately leaders decided to greek out and take some financial decisions to create enough troops to clean it out . 
  while all this was happening the war in japan between uesugi and ashikaga started , as korea saw that diplomacy was going better with the great shogun it has sided with him , was not involved in the war too much ( killed uesugi fleet ) and was more as a precaution . 
  war ended in glorious shoguns victory and during last months of this war korea decided to claim its rightful lands of yeren . 
  war was very easy and quick . 
  korea took all but 1 province out of yeren and then started coring hingan . 
  sadly glorious people of yeren were not so keen on being in hands of korean government and started rebelling . 
  this rebellion was a strong hit towards korean economy but fortunately with tactical maneuvers the rebel army was dealt with . 
  meanwhile the coring of hingan finished and the great state of korea decided that due to their superior numbers the official culture of korea will be manchurian , which also allowed korea to tagswitch into manchu . 
  with it 's eyes on new frontiers the new nation is holding strong . 
  all hail glorious manchu !, 
  well it makes the life fun . 
  you cant know if you will have to walk trough snow or wear short sleeves . 
  but it had that . . you had food from lots of places . 
  you should not bite them then , if you are allergic . 
  korea gloriously killed jianzhou during the first session and haixi + took some lands from yeren during 2nd . 
  had to deal with some misunderstood peasants called `` rebels '' , but my explanation of political situation trough swords and spears settled them down . 
  right now it has it 's eyes on the rest of ugly yeren in order to reach his promised lands and need to think on what to do with old ming . 
  all hail to ice king korea, 
  it would if the contract said so . 
  but it was what leave campaign spinned is n't it ? 
   eussr lol , at least you wrote that in first sentence and stopped us from reading .
