  well exiting for eurozone countries would already be bad for them . 
  sure euro at it 's present form has a lot of issues . 
  but ditching it and returning to whatever currency you had would be very very expensive and cause a lot of problems for local economy . 
  definitely helped vilnius attract more tourists when we held the title . 
  this helps to spread information about already culturally rich cities . 
  not sure if being this low is good . 
  our education system definitely needs more funding . 
  the salaries professors get are ridiculously small . 
  more or less . 
  they do cover several largest cities . 
  a lot of cultural differences between some regions . 
  because of low income the cultural differences dominates the effects i would guess . 
  though this is just speculation . 
  no data on us ? 
  i would expect with high consumption we should definitely have high numbers . 
  i will shout very loudly . 
  if you hear `` hey dumbass , duck '' you will know it is happening . 
  or from lithuanian perspective mass suicide . 
  did he just say that he will reinforce old alliances ? 
  i wonder how map would look like with non-govermental debt to gdp ratio . 
  french people are one of those who actually like eu . 
  banks are one of those companies who do actually pay taxes , well at least the old type of banks and not those mobile ones . 
  but this is the evidence that it is not happening . 
  yea , they have been doing piss poor performance . 
  damn , bringing me sad memories . 
  well technically they still have not left . 
  a lot can change in 2 years . 
  yea , main reason i am still here . 
  damn , here comes another wave of refugees . 
  that is the point , they target those people who would find even this reasonable . 
  similarly to how phone scams work . 
  target the weaker people who can you exploit by doing something what would make critical thinkers quickly dismiss it . 
  affected = / = lost due to it . 
  it kinda is a bubble , you can only use `` us against them '' argument to solidify your rule for so long until it pops . 
  and you are getting paid for these 3rd grade idiotic arguments ? 
  most of russian people who died in ww2 died because of a maniac running russia . 
  diamonds are worthless , forests in eu are recovering , soil will not really be a limiting factor in the future , world is full of oil and gas and demand for it will go down eventually . 
  they still look dull because for example in vilnius city architect decided the best colors are gray . 
  need pictures of our dull apartment blocks to contrast the fairy tale beauty . 
  well i guess i am staying away from hospitals . 
  typical lazy american programming . 
  i am still doubting that they will leave . 
  they seem to have no plan whatsoever . 
  do n't forget the whole russia fiasco which pretty much decimated russian tourist movement to turkey . 
  and they come in solid numbers . 
  i guess turkey having all the crazy stuff and greece with italy being full of migrants makes spain the most desirable vacation place in the region . 
  so it is fried chicken ? 
  our number is high because queues are never ending . 
  i blame the brits . 
  sadly it is something you kant avoid . 
  higher than expected . 
  the corruption is still pretty wide in our hospitals . 
  poland , the china of eu . 
  come one , it was only -25 . 
  it makes sense , calling baltics eastern europe is often very confusing because they differ a lot from actual eastern europe and it is hard to tell who they are referring to . 
  well she is from kaunas , those guys are particular breed of crazy . 
  we have a saying `` calm as belgian '' for whatever reason . 
  yes it will , for at least 2 years . 
  how is she so popular with all the obvious russian financial backing and bias ? 
  but you do want the migrants , you invited them with open arms . 
  except that you do get a lot of educated migrants , consumers and etc. 
  this stupid myth is too old . 
  germans invited the migrants opening the floodgates so obviously they have to get the biggest share of the burden . 
  that would probably still be against the law , would n't it ? 
  who invited the plumber ? 
  knowing how late we took in the christianity , vatican probably sees us differently than teutonia . 
  these maps are usually very wonky . 
  maybe lack of research by creators . 
  in our case we also have a lot of polish speakers . 
  lower pound probably helped with that . 
  well if you are going to wake up at 7 , that would be optimal time to go to sleep . 
  the more you watch it the better it gets . 
  i wonder , is there any correlation with abortion laws an this map ? 
  explains alcohol consumption and suicide rates . 
  we have ads on national television about not sticking those into computers . 
  the estimate is correct , just standard deviation of it is high . 
  yeah , for just 5million dollars solve something what international superpowers cant . 
  hopefully their will end up in the same place as ours this year . 
  we ca n't yet be sure that we could make a positive energy fusion reactor . 
  heck it does not even fully reflect the situation on rights . . 
  sorry , due to your pis poor performance we will not be joining you . 
  i guess it is time we got the band back . 
  / r/lithuania starts forming gdl back . 
  hmm looking for scapegoats i guess . 
  because it is a win-win political situation . 
  if you do n't get caught you can boast about how strong your people are and nationalism will rise . 
  if you get caught you can then yell at how the west is against you and the nationalism will rise . 
  this is weird graph , are n't prices of beer very different . 
  so obviously countries with expensive beer will have larger tax . 
  you still need certain number of public pools . 
  so would coke zero be exempt from it ? 
  what about juices ? 
  except that conversion therapy is still under nhs in uk . 
  yeah , it seemed too tame for a finn . 
  calling it cheese is probably a sin . 
  yeah these things are addictive as fuck . 
  though they are pricey . 
  you are generalizing it way too much . 
  well now , since you have all those expertise , i guess you are correct . 
  says the american .
