  a bit different things , going to mcdonalds is not bad by default , going too often or not having lifestyle which would help you process that energy is bad . 
  not to mention you eating a burger will have little effect on health of others . 
  that is how we are going go occupy uk . 
  basketball is genetic for us . 
  rankings are usually based on a set of tournaments because variance otherwise would be too large . 
  nah it was new tons . 
  in the article you can look at several different nukes going off on a single target or all targets . 
  i know that a lot of people like to hate on it but i enjoyed the song . 
  even when at first i did not know the story behind it . 
  pretty much non of them were . 
  that is to show that he is / serious . 
  there is definitely very little consensus between economists whether gdp growth goals are a good thing for economy . 
  there is a big movement to go away from gdp towards a set of better indicators . 
  gdp works not too bad in 1950s economy but in modern world it is very inaccurate for economic activity . 
  gdp is probably the worst metric to base this decision on . 
  they were imported . 
  sounds like some corps lobbied successfully this time . 
  sad that politicians kneel down to the green god . 
  the reason there is no data on us is because we did not want to embarrass the rest of the europe . 
  at least you win at taking bribes . 
  probably adds up to why we have all the psychological issues . 
  who needs language when you have free speech . 
  i read it in chav accent . 
  made more sense but still not sexy . 
  it was just unbearable , constant chattering and screeching . 
  far too many of us to make it work and since in game chat is terrible there is no good ways to discuss things with allies . 
  eesti has big flag away from all of us . 
  actually no , i will more likely find lithuanians here than on lithuanian sub , but that is beyond the subject . 
  why do you keep pushing eu , this is not eu sub . . 
  nhs already full of cancer . 
  but this is as much lithuanian sub as it is swiz or swedish . 
  why should we focus on eu ? 
  he is not saying paint danish flag , he is saying that it is way cooler to see national flags . 
  you say that we do n't give a fuck about our countries or what ? 
  you seem to be the only one trying to derail fun . 
  but this is european sub , not eu sub . . 
  this is for all europe and because of that the best choice is to see european flags on the painting . 
  that 's a hate crime !, 
  i bet a lot of the painters in / r/place are bots . 
  so hard to coordinate people to paint corner most dominated by them . 
  alternative russia . 
  it tells a lot about business owner if he does this , how could anyone trust him . 
  none of these pictures has soviet time . . 
  did not know someone can be that bad at history . 
  yeah even with good pc it takes some time if you dont have ssd . 
  and when you take into account crashes and etc. 
  where are the lands dedicated for korea ? 
  depression comes in different forms . 
  they would probably go to vilnius if they would go to ee , we have a lot of people who are educated for that field . 
  go start shit up in north america and be our colonial ally . 
  no wonder there are so many destabilizing investment bankers when even stupid people can call themselves that . 
  ** korea ** after being disconnected for the first session korea took it 's rightful lands from yeren and haixi and united those rebel filled lands . 
  the problem is that people are supporting a madman . 
  when you have half of your country supporting someone who is crazy you ca n't make much changes . 
  tons of them do leave their countries if they are allowed to , also in most of the places like that the life is getting better , that is opposite to what is happening in turkey . 
  the country best known for renewables . 
  especially when if you tried to fix the country you would get branded as gullenist and put to jail . 
  it is not medieval times , the world these days is pretty small and deciding to live in another country is arbitrary . 
  it is kinda annoying that other people try to project their nationalistic view on others . 
  you can still live in another country and be turkish . 
  location is just a location , it does not change who you are . 
  sabas is not more famous as other ones ? 
  was flynn the one being recorded or the russians , which do you think is more likely ? 
  i bet it will bomb . 
  the economist is also pretty fair in this regard . 
  they will most likely have to decimate their agriculture industry . 
  a lot of countries they want to do deals with wants to export that kind of product . 
  so there is already one industry which will be crushed because of brexit . 
  who knows what else will suffer . 
  bad , but all i have to do is go to finland to learn finnish and it will be enough . 
  global warming , we are under water . 
  eh i gave up on comment sections of anything . 
  i just read economist because it publishes interesting articles which are most of the time accurate ( though opinionated ) and because it kinda relates to my field . 
  other than `` kurwa '' none of that text means anything to me . 
  you can always come back under lithuanian rule . 
  that is pretty interesting , i thought she still had quite a gap in the first round ? 
  they let in china 's businesses with little restrictions , they are obviously world region . 
  baltics are northern europe . 
  which is the problem i am talking about . 
  they are by definition refugees . 
  they are escaping a war , quite a few are refugees . 
  also it seems ukrainian refugees do not count ? 
  those are for parties . 
  you ca n't take meme out of memelland . 
  heck it takes 2-3 years until current gdp estimate is decently accurate . 
  we all just need a sex change . 
  hopefully never . 
  news are silly . 
  only ? 
  seems like he is bad at corruption . 
  why the hell did you add random picture of cookies ? 
  i wish it was mandatory for presidents to wear capes . 
   ming damn , please do n't kill your korean buddy . 
  well we do have tendency overwork ourselves . 
  this does seem to be related to our bad rankings for psychological and heart issues . 
  though interesting stats for denmark and sweden . 
  they seem to be way happier even though they work a lot . 
  russia completely relies on china . 
  china without them would be mostly fine , russia without china , especially after current western sanctions , would be in ruins . 
  ok then i 'll pick korea , never played with them so might be a challenge .
