and of course a random asshole from my country appears . . 
  sometimes i do n't like being lithuanian . . 
  i think that there is more to it , a lot of latvian words which sound/look like lithuanian , actually has different meanings . 
  woo lithuania !, 
  though we do n't have 10 million people so even if someone was half lithuanian we would be on this !, 
  well fuck . . we are last again . . 
  i guess i should have read it before posting . . wo n't edit because its more awesome this way . 
  too much of water is sometimes also unhealthy even when drinking it . 
  six cups per day of most things do n't seem to be healthy . 
  its quite expected to have these results , its mostly the countries with highest numbers of milk tolerance iirc ? 
  glad we lithuanians are in top10 of consuming something not bad . 
  so 10 % of lithuania do n't fit the criteria , sound a bit right . 
  personally i do n't like binge drinking , i enjoy good bear , but i do n't enjoy being drunk . 
  they send unmanned drones to get rid of them . 
  vault 69 here i come , hope i get to the female one . 
  http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/refreshtableaction.do?tab=table&amp;plugin=1&amp;pcode=tesov190&amp;language=en took me 30seconds . . 
  just go to eurostat website and you can find the data . . 
  at least here in lithuania we appreciate our beer . 
  shut up meg !, 
  what is this from ? 
  i was setting up a credit line joke , but w/e . 
  do greek people follow lines ? 
  meh a lot of people everywhere are believing in conspiracies for one way or another , conspiracies are devised in a way to appeal to a lot of common doubts in society and its always tempting to believe in things which clears up doubts for some people being it true or total bs . 
  damn , how many conspiracy theories can you fit in one post ? 
  though at least you did n't mention chemtrails . 
  i think that 's one of the only people putin would say `` could you fucking please shut the fuck up '' to . 
  as long as this time it 's poland who gets bad end of the deal . 
  he only loves you because its cheap to shop in poland . 
  britain is already a colony of lithuania , we have like half of our people there . 
  yea , seems like they could not even find tea or bars in that finnish wasteland . 
  we are usually friendly when someone talks to us , but we are pretty introvertive and will not start up conversations . 
  also i find that the nicest people are the ones who most likely are depressed . 
  this , what is there being done to prevent that educated refugees are distributed evenly ? 
  we do n't need more homeless people here , hell , help the ones we have ... 
  hell , there is pretty much no one here older than 20 who does not have friend or person they knew to commit it . 
  the problem that there is little what is being done to improve this . 
  as if our comedy is a good example of quality . 
  yea , i love hearing how companies have been crying about lack of workers when they pay minimum wage of 300eur . 
  that 's theoretical phd in physics , it 's one of the harder ones . 
  considering how many people were skeptical about us even going past quarterfinals , silver is still a great achievement . 
  mayor wants that what is popular and would get him votes . 
  they are gone to be `` repaired '' . 
  we also need to take into account that cost of integration of 1 refugee is most likely not the same in different countries . 
  merkel sound more and more delusional . 
  luckily they missed our bridge statues . 
  can i become one of those ~ ~ migrants ~ ~ refugees ? 
  yes you are in semi-prison , you have no right to be free there without proper documents and visas . 
  well i sadly do n't have that one , and i cant really buy new games for some time ( i have quite enough games to play already so not that big of a deal ) . 
  i have the game but damn i cant put time into learning how to play . 
  one day i will learn that great game . 
  they replaced all `` order '' shouts with `` fuck '' . 
  he will be ruler of reunited gdl . 
  no need to measure our karma wangs . 
  your gdp have been jumping around in past 20 years more than a cossfitter . 
  we do not approve of your irish imperialistic potatoes . 
  you can just feel your mind going numb while reading them . 
  being called american when i am from eastern europe is also fun . 
  then again a lot of russians are pretty chill too , it just that vocal minority which is annoying as hell . 
  i think my noscope csgo skills will come in handy . 
  it will even feel the same with all the russians . 
  god damn british immigrants stealing our queue spots !, 
  still got a sick painting made about it . 
  worth it . 
  nah it 's like seeing little sister and brother fight , pretty entertaining . 
  because we do n't discourage different opinions here ? 
  i do n't know man , here people are pretty russaphobic ( not saying that it 's uncalled for ) . 
  so this time they do n't need to think of a bullshit reason to ban imports , they already have one which fits anything they can import . 
  i highly doubt that they would screw up if they did that , they probably just used their own outdated archives . 
  well planning stage has been going on for quite for time now i believe . 
  yea , not too much of facts . 
  but works as jokes . 
  it 's all about that bass . 
  i thought that 's where you make p0rn ? 
  we are cheaper too !, 
  half of us wants some video evidence too . 
  it was just hobbyist rc plane . 
  everything in eurovision is cheesy . 
  he should not have eaten that soup . 
  god i hate cepelinai , which technically makes me not a lithuanian by local rules . 
  they are fairly capable to sustain that debt and repay it with their current economy , pretty simple . 
  interesting , i guess i might be wrong . 
  true , but those would probably be the bigger number . 
  probably those numbers would be pretty unreliable anyway . 
  also they did not kill them , just send them far far away to die from starvation/cold . 
  in lithuania we also have similar things about `` paying back '' to pensioners . 
  it 's really an annoying topic , but then again , money grows on trees . 
  just ignore him , he seems to be trolling . . 
  just read the article for fucks sake , it explains whats the basis for this title . 
  whether its wrong or right only time will show . 
  well he is swiss . 
  well no shit , that bald guy looks like overgrown baby , this looked so surreal . 
  they are obviously looking for potatoes , brother !, 
  send them our way , we could use some tasty boar meat . 
  damn , this is a bit scary . 
  what ? 
  russian government says so , is that not enough proof comrade ? 
  god damn slovenians , i hoped we would be first , it 's really easy to get into universities/colleges here ( it might be a bit harder soon though ) . 
  so lithuania can into nordics ? 
  apartment where i live is going to get renovation in next couple of months , hopefully it will help , and the living expenses did not increase by much because government covered part of the price . 
  i would not really listen to what she says , she will change her mind in 2 months anyway , while sucking biggest adjusted salary in eu out of all leaders .
