  who needs extra letters . 
  heck , he even sabotaged hitlers army by giving dumb orders . 
  what are you exactly planning to do outside the single market and with a lot of new costs to do trade ? 
  as big as our prices !, 
  i mean . . look what they elected . 
  50 shades of brexit . 
  yeah , lithuania is known for their clean windows because of massive sales of that . 
  it is all that vodka . 
  ah seems like someone reads trashy journalism articles . 
  proper politician in right places could probably save more lives . 
  i guess being heart surgeon is not a real work to farage . 
  i mean starting a recession in uk and volatility in global markets is a terrible economical thing . 
  and there was no way anyone with their right mind thought that everything would be fine in short term if uk decided to leave . 
  long term effects is something what no one can predict . 
  we lost less money per capita . 
  but our economy is larger than uks and will recover easier from this . 
  he started with repeating the same criticism region is getting for years . 
  sure it was okay , but probably not really necessary . 
  his whole life is a joke . 
  you are terrible at reading data and you have no idea on roi we generate trough our leeching . 
  you buy goods for us and we buy shitloads of services from you . 
  and you rely on our market deals far more than we rely on your imports . 
  and you will not stop buying from us , just because you left eu does not mean you stopped needing resources . 
  which now will be more expensive for you . 
  the pale is quite a fitting name for an irish region . 
  it might also show to other eurosceptics how much leaving could hurt them . 
  we might also get more out of uk from new deals . 
  well no one expected the pro-eu parties to be so bad at pr . 
  as far fetched it is it would be funny to have united ireland , independent scotland and city-state london because of brexit . 
  - albert einstein, 
  most of property is probably owned by russians and saudis . 
  so russia is special !, 
  he was charged for use of chemical weapon . 
  once the news source says to you what to do is when you know that it becomes not a reliable news source . 
  they just helped some people get off the train quicker . 
  we have proof , but all of it is super secret and imaginary . 
  yea but czech has lower inequality and other better qualities . 
  and quite a bit different economies . 
  you are comparing apples to grapefruits and wonder why people see one to be more bitter when they have similar density . 
  gdp is not really a good measure on this case . 
  migrants do n't care about what the gdp is , they care about wages and cost of living which is not captured by gdp . 
  well we will all just believe you . 
  you misunderstood my point completely . . 
  no it is not . 
  big portion of youth does not watch tv . 
  again you give no reasoning behind why you think they would do worse job . 
  what makes them so different from regular people ? 
  but what is your reason ? 
  you think for some reason they would do worse job ? 
  sorry but we do not have `` a working model '' , look at how many mistreated children come out of families with traditional model . 
  and we are not even talking about surrogacy ( which is what i guess you wanted to say with artificial insemination ) , we are talking about adoption . 
  why are they not a real family ? 
  who decides what a real family is ? 
  and why the fuck do you think they should not be allowed to adopt children ? 
  just because a goal is unreachable it does not mean we should not move towards it . 
  moving towards a peaceful , tolerant society with no violence is a good target . 
  we are far from reaching that point . 
  what about all the people who marry and do not want children ? 
  that is quite a huge % of them . 
  they still get all the advantages , so why should lgbt people be forbidden to have it ? 
  who dictates this ? 
  what about lgbt people who do want to adopt a child ? 
  i mean when you have people behaving nicely and for the most part respecting other peoples lives you have a progressive society . 
  it is pretty simple term . 
  welcome to the internet and especially audience of commercial television channel . 
  people choosing to join russia does not mean they can also steal ukrainian assets on crimea . 
  easy , stop sending military to ukraine . 
  hmm a bit better than expected but hard to tell where the data comes from and how it would look adjusted to inflation . 
  this tells me nothing since i do n't speak russian . 
  what do you mean wages increased ? 
  they are down in real terms quite significantly . 
  almost same flag so must be same country , just upside down . 
  but in your case way less people would have gotten the information and the only ones benefiting would be the giant corporation behind nyt . 
  news sites should definitely be able to share information like this . 
  that is the whole point of them . 
  quoting something is a very important part of journalism and nyt themselves quoted a shit ton of others in that article . 
  this is how journalism and scientific literature works . 
  gib us money !, 
  what does this have to do with fucking snow ? 
  title is so weird ( not ops fault , article itself is titled like that ), 
  that 's because it does not exist . 
  well they argued about correctly managed migration not the shitstorm eu is having . 
  how the fuck is it that expensive ? 
  or in whole world in general . 
  2 would be unsustainable in long run , we need slightly more . 
  really good speech , hopefully his words will cause an effect . 
  you yourself have no idea of how the economy works . . 
  again , how do expect economy to be sustainable when ratio between elderly and workers is increasing ? 
  potential value of new people entering economy is higher than the cost . 
  damn , this is insane , this is probably worse than russian media . 
  24 hours `` is his comment deleted ? '', 
  translators and organizers for other refugees . 
  they do n't want to get bullied around even more than they are ? 
  yea , put money into creating more workplaces and infrastructure and it would help a lot more than giving it to deal with refugees . 
  and they do have the money to do it , germany has huge budget surplus , they just seek to spread the control . 
  nah , that 's china . 
  i think russia is just suffering from dementia . 
  interesting discussion , this guy definitely knows how to explain things and make them interesting to listen . 
  it has wifi , therefore it is smart . 
  the western part .
