dutch-danish empire, 
  why, 
  lol no one knows the capital of slovenia . 
  slovakia is way easier anyway , bratislava !, 
  andrew rayel is quite famous if you listen trance and he is moldovan , but also a lot of other but that one is quite special . 
  yeah i see now , did n't read all the comments . 
  but still thank you for referring !, 
  we ca n't even call them refugees anymore at this point , a refugee is someone who flees , especially to another country , seeking refuge from war , political oppression , religious persecution , or a natural disaster . 
  it makes no sense for them to go all the way to sweden when there are like 20 countries between them that are better then syria and probably just as good as the old syria . . 
  czech republic, 
  lol it 's not small at all if you 're dutch, 
  it does n't even matter how smart she is . 
  if she is n't smart enough , she 's going to a private school in wales and then after all she is still going to attend the university of leiden or something , the marks do n't matter because she is going to succeed and then she is going for a phd in god knows what . 
  it 's not going to be science or mathematics but yeah , she 's going to promote and no one will read here thesis . 
  that 's how it goes if you 're in a royal family . 
  bavaria is n't even beer , what the fuck is this . 
  would be great but those stupid french-speaking dickheads wo n't give away their capital . 
  they should join french imo . 
  it 's simple , flemish people are smart and know dutch is better , french speaking people are always ignorant dickheads so they do n't stop with speaking french, 
  is that where the aland island are located ? 
  cameron was probably that chubby guy in high school that got caught masturbating on the toilet . 
  wishing ` malignant testicular ' cancer to someone is way to long and no one does that and if you say ` kankerlijer ' or ` cancersufferer ' to someone you do n't exactly wish him cancer , it 's just something to say when you 're really mad , it 's a synonym to ` cunt ' . 
  making the disease more specific will only lead in coming over as sarcastic and adding ` fucking ' wo n't chance a lot and in the netherlands people mostly add dirty instead of fucking . 
  ` vieze kankerlijer ' or ` dirty cancersufferer ' . 
  but swearing with diseases is normal here if it 's not cancer . 
  a lot of people say ` mongool ' ( a synonym for someone with down-syndrom ) and ` teringlijer ' ( tuberculosis sufferer ) and ` tyfuslijer ' ( typfus sufferer ) . 
  but the swearwords used the most here are kneus ( translates to misfit ) , sukkel ( softy ) and mongool . 
  i 'm dutch , and all i can say is that of those 35 % , less then 5 % really cares about it and is going to be rude or saying something . 
  a lot of men just say it to come over manly with things like ` it 's not how it 's supposed to be ' and then they say it 's offensive but when it comes to the crunch they do n't care ( except if they 're in a group and still want to come over manly ) . 
  it 's just like , i 'm okay with it if they do n't hit on me/touch me in a weird way ( atleast 95 % of the men say that ), 
  euro-area unemployment is not equal to italian youth-unemployment, 
  it is the worst kind of insult here and there are even organisations that want to stop it . 
  it 's really bad but in dutch it 's normal to swear with diseases . 
  lol , never heard the english variant of kankerlijer . 
  we 're not assholes you fucking dickheads, 
  luxembourg rocking with their 0,9 soldier, 
  1 actually, 
  i think that this is a shit map . 
  a lot people have 0 cigarettes and the average per capita does n't show a lot . 
  it would be better if it was ` smoking people per 1000 people ' or something . 
  are n't greek people nowadays just not happy to have a job ? 
  it 's because a lot of people work ` black ' ( without paying taxes ) in spain and then they count them too as unemployed . 
  beer and bread is in the netherlands . 
  how many people work in the oil in norway, 
  that could ruin sport events . . 
  but we 're europe not america or the united states of europe . . 
  worst idea ever . 
  this makes it look pretty soft actually , thougth the world could be destroyed by one bomb . 
  why ca n't we just all speak dutch ? 
  yes , they had him in some sort of headlock that 's illegal ( still allowed in some american cities ) and he died of that later in hospital, 
  yeah and this  neighbors told media gonzalez attacked his mother , father and grandmother . 
  officers saw gonzalez with two knives . 
  the teen refused to drop the knives so senior cpl. 
  kevin gladden shot and then tased him . 
  police said he died at the hospital . 
  this is fucking stupid , he was 18 btw, 
  no kills between 1920 and 1977 ? 
  yeah sure . . 
  yeah , around the whole country but here , it 's almost normal that your train has some delay and when it 's too cold the trains do n't even ride anymore . 
  just when i thought that the netherlands was ` kinda ' big . . all my hopes get down when i see even taiwan is as big as the netherlands . 
  do you really think i speak turkish or something ? 
  and yes , also iran , iraq and turkey . 
  this is one of the reasons why turkey should never join the eu . 
  at least not when erdogan is the president , he is a disgusting piece of racist shit . 
  it 's syria and not turkey , a kurdish state is what the kurdish people deserve . 
  1000 euro a month left ? 
  that 's a lot . . 
  dutch , north frisian , yiddish , english , german & afrikaans are right , but all the scandinavians wrong . . 
  that was a greek one called katidis actually, 
  now from someone who is n't russian ? 
  ah , i 've found it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country but it 's probably hunting rifles or shotguns since sweden , norway and finland are also quite high, 
  i once saw some map on mapporn saying that there is a gun in more the 90 %  of the households . 
  is n't that true ? 
  yeah , look at finland . 
  they immediately think of russia and will say yes then , look at then denmark and it 's half of it . 
  okay , we 're among the worst countries in war history . 
  japan and germany and even under belgium . 
  wtf ? 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frikandel ) is a frikandel, 
  you have no idea what a frikandel is apparently , not a frikadele . 
  i used duolingo 2 weeks for danish and i can understand what you say expect for fiskefrikadele , probably something with fish and a frikandel, 
  nordic-baltic , 1 army ? 
  if russia nukes tallinn and they wo n't get a nuke back then russia will nuke more . 
  it started in 792 with a gift certificate that said ` villa ut marca appoldro ' . 
  apeldoorn was a small village with some houses , it never got city rights officialy . 
  in the sixteenth century there was a paper industry and apeldoorn grew fast . 
  in 1684 willem iii bought a house called ` house the loo ' and then let ` palace the loo ' be build . 
  a lot of royalties lived there and even napoleon used it as summer house . 
  in the second world war there where jews deported from apeldoorn , it started earlier in the war then usual but there was n't a lot of damage on apeldoorn in the second world war . 
  after the war in 1946 a plane fell down on a school gym and it killed 22 children and a pilot . 
  at queensday in 2009 there was an attack on the royal family by a guy in a suzuki swift , killing 8 people but the attack itself did n't succeed . 
  no royalties where killed . 
  yes . 
  high cancer rates i think . 
  fuck off you dickhead, 
  i used to walk the newspaper in the morning , after a rainy night you would always see loads of snails and earthworms . 
  especially snails , but no spiderwebs . . so i was happy . 
  no way , that 's just impossible . 
  we ca n't just take rights away and accept that there is a small group of extremists murdering everyone . 
  if there is going to be a small group like isis in france or something then they 're gone in a month .
