  our army is too strong for that . 
  like israel , uae , bahrain & qatar ? 
  or like saudi arabia , lebanon , iraq & syria ? 
  a really big difference between north & south europe . 
  countries like estonia & poland are getting to the level of northwestern europe . 
  lithuania , latvia and czech republic are n't doing that bad too and portugal , spain , italy , greece , albania . . and more are not really getting better . 
  got ta catch 'm all, 
  i think no one will care if we ban karne milk, 
  so we can have groot nederland . 
  only need luxembourg again and it would be perfect . 
  benelux would probably be actually important !, 
  oh , i used information from wikipedia, 
  and it 's surely really clean, 
  now you 're just making the situation twice as worse . 
  they have gdp per capita of around $ 4600, 
  slovakia ; it has a lot of space for good sportive outdoor activities , a nice nature , wolves and it 's not really expensive !, 
  great country . 
  actually she just painted it over and over again , it 's all the same dress . 
  bitch 99 % ai n't even possible, 
  97 % , goddamn bulgaria and hungary . . 
  97 % , did n't even know chisinau existed, 
  philip ii is a dick . 
  working !, 
  both days !, 
  that 's sad , it loses it 's original view now . . 
  `` you are 70 years late '' xd, 
  god damn chad . . 
  yeah , but english and dutch are germanic languages and finnish is uralic ( ? ), 
  denmark , it 's a lot like the netherlands . 
  yeah , it 's probably under-average both not really small . 
  reykjavik is probably like a lot of ` normal ' cities with 100k population . 
  iceland does n't really have a small population density if you exclude all the parts where no people live at all . . 
  2 $ 100 phones or 1 $ 600 phone . . 
  perfect score . . 
  benelux can rule the world if we want to, 
  like what ? 
  yeah , like 2,5 %, 
  people living in palaces do n't steal bikes . . 
  3.2 seems weird for the netherlands to be fair , i would say over 90 % speaks english but then the other language ? 
  according to [ this wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_netherlands ) 70 % speaks german too . 
  could be true . . but it also says 29 % of the netherlands speaks french and i have n't met someone in my life who speaks it other then my french teachers . 
  still do n't think that 3,2 is right . 
  only the fact that we can understand german does n't mean we can speak it . 
  yeah , and what company is going to hire you when it says you graduated from the islamic university ? 
  no one . . 
  reaction is way to late , sorry for it but yes . 
  can you unremove ? 
  this would ruin the game for a lot of supporters . 
  the netherlands will just change to an island when that happens . 
  you need to worry more about german and french speaking immigrants . 
  immigrant crisis 2 . 
  turkey 3 . 
  kroket of frikandelbroodje, 
  a country where 175cm is fairly tall is not a country i want to live in being 198cm . . 
  source ? 
  i 've been there !, 
  very awesome . 
  went climbing there with school, 
  water, 
  what 's a mp ? 
  got also # 1 , with my country being # 11, 
  i 'm better at guessing then my country is so i 'm happy, 
  i dunno , croatia looks pretty hot, 
  whorehouse , weed and gay . . 
  faroe islands , no doubt, 
  i want to go to chernobyl so badly !, 
  sadly , no friends that want to go with me . 
  they think i 'm crazy, 
  that 's what a drone , a 4k camera and a few smiling people does . 
  if it was almost any other country , everything would be stolen from the houses . 
  the difference between dutch universities on this lists makes no sense . 
  i 'm very confused by the luxembourg flag . 
  is it supposed to be a dutch flag ? 
  i mean it does say airbus ds nl, 
  i 'm jealous . 
  it rarely snows here and if it snows it 's shit snow . 
  you can search for it here : http://www.alexa.com/topsites/countries/ru but i did it already and it 's # 21, 
  a little more vk and a lot more youtube and maybe , but i 'm not sure . . some facebook, 
  vk is the second most popular websites in both countries, 
  you wonder about tunisia but not about the other ~ 8 countries that are n't europa on the map ? 
  haha it would still be google , google.it , google.co.uk etc , but except from google . 
  it would probably be a pretty boring map . 
  you would n't know like 80 % of the websites . 
  still a cool idea though, 
  what is ihmemaa ? 
  yeah , probably without top 10 websites next time . 
  otherwise it is still all youtube , a little bit of facebook and rarely an other website . 
  albania has the website http://www.gazetaexpress.com/, 
  lol that was what i thought it meant, 
  well it is starting to begin . 
  cities close to me like apeldoorn and arnhem , do quite a lot with it . 
  stores are full and organised halloween events, 
  haha i was just kidding . 
  do n't take it personally , but you just said something i already answered/explained to like 3 persons on reddit and did n't want to respond again so i just said that . . anyway , idk if you 're dumb . 
  you could be the most smartest in the world , i would n't know . . but you could also be maori . 
  completely missing the point . . again , but i ca n't blame you . . 
  yeah in the dutch limburg , it 's mainly people from who i 'm sure they are belgian, 
  you also have a limburg in the netherlands lol, 
  even 10 year olds know that . 
  that 's not the point at all . .
