do n't show this map to erdogan . 
  been fatal for 30 years , europe still alive . 
  ( sorry uk , only if you used linux ), 
  i thought it was against the anti-competitive law to divide the market like this . 
  `` dividing territories , an agreement by two companies to stay out of each other 's way and reduce competition in the agreed-upon territories . '', 
  the wages will go up , and it will generate inflation , just like here , where there is a shortage of everything . 
  people tend to forget a interesting aspect of this , inferior does not mean less tasty . 
  if you are used to one product , the higher quality version of that food may taste worse to you and it wo n't sell that well . 
  as far as i know , it is no longer allowed to write this on eu products . 
  i mean the country . 
  the cia and us trolls are behind this . 
  they should check putin 's connection with trump . 
  binary looks like the coordinates to me , if you just traslate the 4 lsb bits of the first few codes , it gives 51 ? 500 , but i do n't know morse code enough . 
  but not the same god . 
  every swedish people i 've every seen on the internet speaks perfect english . 
  i think they are born with it , then go and learn their own language later . 
  some countries know that quality is more important than quantity !, 
  hungarian skyscraper resting on its side http://s3.clevr.com/bf2cc7/48952-bf2cc7-f.jpg, 
  i 'm not sure if they had jpgs in the 17th century . 
  they are giving it away for free . 
  the head of our largest bank . 
  normally , war leaves more women alive . 
  unless the men flee . 
  but only in moscow , right ? 
  asking from hungary . 
  does islam recognize other religions ? 
  should denmark recognize islam ? 
  there is no blasphemy if they do n't . 
  can not find the relevant article now , but big television manufaturers tailor their products for poorer countries as well . 
  you will never find the same product number outside a given country where it is being sold . 
  that model is only for that place . 
  i do n't know why you are being downvoted . 
  it 's a valid opinion . 
  even though i also think it would be a colossal waste of money . 
  lgbp , do n't forget the nambla members . 
  edit : pedophilophobics downvoting me !, 
  now eat it , for a bonus record . 
  the iceberg lettuce is just the tip of the iceberg ( haha ) . 
  if you leave the eu market , introduce import taxes , devaluate your money , then the prices will increase and you may find yourself in a situation like venezuela . 
  people in western europe never experienced living behind the iron curtain . 
  the government ordered everything to be available and cheap , just the shelves were empty when you went into the store . 
  romani language is nowhere and everywhere . 
  same with slovakian and czech , only very minor differences . 
  source : reading plastic bottles on the toilet . 
  i must be last , because no idea what this is . 
  our great masters looked into the future and decided that our data transfer needs will only be three times as much in five years from now . 
  i can imagine a basic calculator app update to be over 1 gigabyte in 2022 . 
  do they accept 13 million iphone 7 's ? 
  plus version , of course . 
  this guy says the ukrainian are attacking in donetsk . 
  i 'm confused . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mczzabfcf4k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuoldvzvlto, 
  they did not cheat for selling less cars . 
  silly survey . 
  let 's see how many soap/capita each country consumes . 
  but i heard cold water was a good solvent for sticky things . 
  then why are there millions of turks in germany ? 
  oh just use lego . 
  if a block is too cheap , stick two together . 
  you got ta have added value , that 's where the big money is . 
  how does a satellite know when a clock is not giving the correct time ? 
  there are backups , but if only two are left , there is no way to `` vote '' them . 
  fools , everything belongs to the queen . 
  there are probably hundreds of cases like this under way , check back in ten years . 
  every web site i 've seen in the last 20 years automatically uses cookies . 
  they should have made those pop up a warning which do n't . 
  and here we are , the pound is weaker than at that time . 
  do they travel six times more ? 
  title is ambiguous . 
  37 % in the uk . 
  how could anyone from macedonia serve tea to erdogan ? 
  that 's a given . 
  red star . 
  the commies are back . 
  poland and sweden are not facing front ... it makes you think how few portraits they used . 
  still cheaper than hungarian highways . 
  if it comes to ww3 , the usa will lose . 
  that was my logic . 
  nothing more . 
  we are always on the wrong side of history . 
  now we are with trump . 
  but mo ' customers , mo ' money . 
  and do n't even think about getting back in the eu until you have better 4g than romania !, 
  i lived about 50 % my life sleeping during the day , it 's a myth . 
  i bet he wo n't run through eastern europe . 
  that 's an insult to the union !, 
  i am pretty sure it should be higher than 1.0 in hungary , primary may be one , but high schools teach two languages . 
  direct result of internet porn !!!, 
  no wonder they want to censor the porn . 
  dirty pigs . 
  same three days when north korea marches into the united states . 
  and on the balkan , too !, 
  they took our jobs !, 
  the honor system is and has always been in effect on public transportation of budapest . 
  you do n't want to cheat a poor company do you . 
  that 's like asking about the story in a badly written movie . 
  the author never finished it , okay ? 
  yes , western europe should be less greedy . 
  lower the wages . 
  eastern europe just needs to wait 20 years and all the old people who make up most of the population and was born after the ww2 will die .
