  that is a car thermometer , so the air temperature is probably around 35c, 
  this is something i see rarely on the internet , there 's plenty of pictures of american cities back in the 60s-90s , but not so many of western european cities . 
   we 've reached 10000 dollars nominal and 24000 ppp , since life is quite cheap here . 
  for comparison , in 2002 we were at around 4000 dollars nominal . 
  according to the worldbank our growth was even faster than that , back in 2002 we had [ $ 2100 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?locations=ro ) gdp per capita in nominal and [ $ 7200 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd?locations=ro ) in ppp . 
  in 2016 we had [ $ 9500 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd?locations=ro ) in nominal , and [ $ 23600 ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd?locations=ro ) in ppp . 
  they steered the ship into the bullets, 
  ok , just wanted to give you a heads up . 
  not related to your comment , but i see prostu in your username , does it mean anything in polish ? 
  in romanian your username would mean `` zbyszekpo the stupid '' . 
   just eastern european things . 
  nope , this one is only you . 
  if it were n't for communism , we would have had less people emigrate over a much longer period of time , which would have made our demographic issues a lot easier to deal with . 
  you can try and deny it all you want , but it 's not a coincidence eastern europe is the region most affected by these problems . 
   so ... not forced to have children . 
   forced to not have an abortion . 
  next level mental gymnastics . 
   you 're insane if you think people would n't be having abortions in 1960 romania if it was under capitalism . 
  under capitalism , we would have had abortions and we would probably have had a smaller population in 1990 , that much is true . 
  but we would n't have had so many working age population ( the ones that pay taxes which fund the pensions ) leave to western europe . 
  right now there is a huge imbalance in our country , we have less people working than pensioners , this is because communism ruined our economy and forced people to emigrate in massive numbers . 
  also , all the extra people that were born because abortions were illegal during communism will start retiring in 10-15 years , which will be a huge problem , that we would n't have had without communism . 
   what the government stood by their beds to make sure everytime you they had sex they 'd make a child ? 
  taken from wikipedia : to enforce the decree , society was strictly controlled . 
  contraceptives disappeared from the shelves and all women were forced to be monitored monthly by a gynecologist . 
  any detected pregnancies were followed until birth . 
  secret police kept their eye on operations in hospitals closely . 
  [ if you want to read more about the subject ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decree_770 )  the issue here that people are bitching about is native population dying of . 
  yes , and the problem is exacerbated in eastern europe because of high emigration rates . 
  if it was n't for those , we would have more than 22 million people in romania , instead of 19.5 million . 
   no it 's not . 
  yes it is , since 1990 , romania lost 4 million people , less than one million is because of low birthrates , the rest is because of emigration . 
   people already had worse economy than now and they choose to have more children . 
  they did n't choose , they were forced , that 's why birth rates dropped so fast after communism fell . 
   western europe has the same problem . 
  yes , they too have low birthrates , but because their economies are in a better shape , they have more people coming to their countries than leaving . 
  the main reason why the population is declining is emigration to western europe , the graph you linked earlier showed that . 
  if it was n't for communism , our economy would most likely be in a better shape and we would have less people leaving to western europe . 
  [ fertility rates ] ( https://www.google.ro/search?q=fertility+rate+romania&amp;oq=fertility+rate+rom&amp;aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l5.3433j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8 ) in romania dropped below replacement level in the 60s , then the communists outlawed all birth control and gave benefits to women with lots of kids , that 's the main reason why birth rates were higher back then . 
   e2 : also birth rates went down after the revolution because so many people started leaving . 
  less women less birth rates ... birthrates went down after communism because abortions became legal . 
  according to that graph , if it was n't for emigration to the west , the population of romania would have dropped by only around 500 thousand , but because of emigration it dropped from 23.5 million to 19.5 million , so he was right , it 's mostly because of emigration . 
  cisnadie is 10km south of sibiu , i do n't think people there would accept schemes like these when they could just go work in sibiu . 
  yeah , i read the article and the numbers come from a report from 2013 , and it said workers in this particular industry are paid minimum wage , and back then that was $ 133 net , nowadays they are probably paid $ 232 net . 
  stop being such a pessimist !, 
  just look at this [ debt timeline ] ( https://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) , all you have to do is make it through this year , then you 're gon na have a lot less debt payments to make and you can start growing , you 've already hit rock bottom the only way is up . 
  the picture is shopped , but the pm was at the government building today , doing his normal duties , but no other minister was there , so it probably looked something like this . 
  what is your point exactly ? 
   we are two individuals who have different opinions . 
  it just so happens that you 're really passionate about russia since it 's all you 've been posting for the past few hours . 
   do svidaniya bless you, 
  i 'll be checking on you again , i 'm really curious to see the evolution of a shill account . 
  lol , you 're right , i guess that 's what i get for listening to my high school history teacher . 
   or that they betrayed their own country for us . 
  his son that was born and grew up in romania did , carol i wanted to join the war on the central powers side . 
  holy shit you 're all over this thread too , now i feel bad i wasted my time arguing with you . 
  also , your account is 14 hours old , you could have at least waited some time before you started shilling for putin , to make it look more genuine . 
   ukraine losing the russian-friendly government and attempting to join the eu ( and later on nato obviously ) means another american satellite on russia 's border , and soon holding missiles towards moscow . 
  just like poland did once they got into the nato . 
  if you think ivan is gon na sit and watch his country getting surrounded by yankees and their servants , you are mistaken . 
  thus i definitely can see the reason why putin said `` niet '' . 
  this is just putin 's paranoia you 're spouting , nobody in europe wants to go to war with russia , we do n't hate russia , the only thing we care about is better lives for ourselves . 
   just because they do not follow the eu agenda ( why would they anyway ) yeah why would they ? 
  why would putin and his oligarchs give up power and create a better society to live in , this is what your argument boils down to . 
   does not mean they are getting `` destroyed '' , do not forget that putin 's actions , especially in the last few years , have made the life of the average russian worse , that is the only thing that matters , how `` powerful '' `` russia '' ( putin 's regime ) is , is irrelevant , this is n't a game . 
  what putin is doing is isolating russia from the west because he and what he represents are incompatible with western ideals , he does n't give a shit about the average russian , he 's destroying their future just to save himself . 
   there was indeed a reason when you look from russian perspective . 
  and what was that reason ? 
  really ? 
  i do n't even know where to start : * he 's been leading russia since 2000 , he did nothing to solve the corruption problem russia has , oligarchs are as powerful as ever * there 's no freedom of press , journalists get assassinated * the opposition is a joke which i doubt is a coincidence * their democracy is a joke , there 's villages in russia where putin gets 140 % of the vote * he failed to diversify the russian economy during the 2000s boom , he did n't invest in education and healthcare for citizens * he just randomly invades ukraine for no reason , the west puts sanctions on his country , plunging it into a recession all he has to do is work with the west like china does , yet he fails . 
  mate , putin is destroying the future of your country . 
   it 's clearly that this persons thinks we own their lands . 
  not really , if you do n't know exactly what they 're saying maybe you should ask them to clarify first before accusing them , because if you 're wrong you end up looking ridiculous . 
  i think what he was saying is that transylvania has more hungarians than other regions of romania ( although i do n't know why he would care about that ) . 
  stop getting triggered so easily . 
  it 's not a certainty yet , just a trend , but i 'm keeping my fingers crossed !, 
  they can at least build highways , which we seem unable to do . 
  this is a common view point in romania and maybe eastern europe too , taking solace in the fact that our neighbors have a hard time too . 
  but no , the fact that ukraine has it worse than us does n't make me happier . 
   romania has a fuckton of mountains . 
  no reason to look for excuses , it 's not like we just started building our highway network , we 've been at it for more than 20 years now . 
  countries like slovenia , greece , croatia , austria seem to have managed to build highways despite their mountainous terrain . 
  also , it 's not just highways , our infrastructure in general sucks , and it 's keeping regions like moldova or oltenia ( northeast and southwest romania ) underdeveloped . 
  there 's no good reason to deny it , trying to find excuses , it 's like telling a heroin addict to carry on , please stop . 
   also i love romanian roads ever since that top gear episode , the transfagarasan has been overrated , we have other nice mountain roads , like the transalpina or cheile bicazului , if you want to visit . 
   also the companies that win the auction to build the highway and then build at an incredible slow speed ( 12km/year ) or stop all togheter because they know they wont be sanctioned . 
  that 's still the fault of the government for not making proper contracts with professional firms . 
  if we had competent governments i do n't think we would have these problems . 
  awesome map , sadly it reminds me how incompetent romanian governments are . 
  fun fact , the patriarch of the romanian orthodox church ( the guy in white ) has a nephew that was arrested in 2015 for drug trafficking . 
  but take it with a grain of salt , officially the church denies the guy is actually the patriarch 's nephew . 
  well they do n't use gypsy , they use whatever term there is in their language , for example in romanian it 's \u021bigan , and it 's true , gypsies call themselves that , from what i can see only the academics/intellectuals call themselves roma . 
  slippers or socks, 
  it has been 40 + degrees celsius every day for a week , but it started raining last night , so it 's all good now . 
  that just shows how well integrated romanian immigrants are in spain , there 's like 800 thousand romanians there , most of them are n't gypsies and you guys have no idea they exist , which in my mind is a sign of good integration . 
  i do n't think there is a single romanian that does n't have relatives living in another country . 
  as for myself , i have relatives in italy , spain , the uk and germany . 
  also in canada , australia and the us . 
  also had some relatives living in israel but they moved to the uk in the 2000s, 
   even though it 's a song from moldova .
