dude ... stop, 
  i remember maybe 10 years ago a cigarette pack used to cost ~ 0.4 gbp and now here it is costing 2.57 ca n't complain though since i ca n't stand cigarette smoke . 
  what exactly are we supposed to do to help them in your opinion ? 
  since his nick is beck2012 i 'd say he 's probably 3 years old , that if my math does n't fail me . 
  got ta be there to bless the kids so they turn into geniuses . 
   ( maybe the ones with their heads down are praying , though , on second thought ) . 
  nope . 
  the blonde guy got knocked the fuck out . 
  how so ? 
  we barely have enough for ourselves . 
  you 'd think that people would have realized by now that romanians and bulgarians do n't need schengen to get into their countries . 
  anyways thanks for your response . 
  yes we could have a better business climate here , we could have less corruption , you could too . 
  also we fulfilled the criteria required for schengen , the only thing keeping us out is german and dutch politicians who ` feel ' that we are n't ready yet . 
  also you did n't respond to my question . 
  do you think that keeping us out of schengen for no real reason benefits you ? 
   and what would schengen do for your wages ? 
  it would probably help bring more investment into the country , also it would facilitate trade . 
  what do you think you gain by keeping us out ? 
  can you give a source ? 
  and how many syrian refugees do you have exactly ? 
  it was just a rant by the pm to appeal to his somewhat eurosceptic voters , it 's just talk . 
  to be honest with you i have no idea , [ i just remember that in q2 2014 we also had low growth . 
  ] ( http://business-review.eu/featured/romania-halts-its-economic-growth-gdp-down-1-percent-in-q2-compared-to-q1-68564 ), 
  i know but it still sucks : / at current growth rates it 's gon na take us like 40-50 years to catch up with the developed countries . 
  we always have low growth rate in q2 for some reason . 
  anyways it 's still kinda depressing that we 're so far behind and are only growing a little bit faster than already developed economies . 
  on the other hand our gdp grew by just 0.1 % in q2 2015 , one of the lowest growth rates in the eu . 
  well yeah i found that hard to believe myself , fact still remains tho that our contribution is n't zero . 
  it 's not as bad as some people make it seem , or at least it 's too early to tell if this will be a problem or not . 
  i find it hard to believe but according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) page some east european countries have taken in more syrian refugees than your country did . 
  i do n't even know if this is a thing yet , as far as i know it was some german politician who proposed it but i do n't think it 's official yet . 
  we fulfilled what was asked of us , we should be let in . 
  by us . 
  they get paid from the eu budget . 
  personally i am pissed because 4 years after fulfilling the criteria required for schengen we 're still left out , 4000 refugees in a country of 20 million is nothing , afaik we already have 1400 syrian refugees here and people are n't even aware of it ... 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ?? 
   high standard of living . 
  someday maybe ... 
  finland , the angry birds country, 
  my dad knows a guy begging in belgium and he says he made 50k euros in the 2 years since he 's there . 
  you do n't have bars in your villages ? 
  motels ? 
  gas stations ? 
  i get what you 're saying but in the village i come from there happen to be some turkish people and they have a motel so it 's not impossible . 
  it 's probably more expensive in africa . 
  it has nuclear in it 's name so it must be evil amirite ? 
  the only way this would be possible is with massive investment from the old eu members , in which case i would agree , since it would be a massive boost for our country :d, 
   wow , talk about ingratitude . 
  do you honestly think the net contributors of the eu are getting nothing in return and are doing this for charity ? 
  if that would be true and they were all so charitable then right now they would be fighting on who gets the most refugees and we would n't have this problem at all . 
  this is not about solidarity , you ca n't force the refugees into eastern europe , if they would want to come here sure , but forcing them ? 
  i mean what are we supposed to do ? 
  keep them in cages ? 
  do you think it 's accurate and if so why do you guys have so much crime ? 
  guy 's a fucking genius !, 
  i do n't know why you 're telling me this since i 'm not the guy who thinks whales are non-human persons , but you ca n't deny that whaling is a lot bloodier than fishing is ... also i think it 's pathetic to try and spin this as if the faroese need whales in order to survive , which is why i responded to limitlessltd in the first place . 
  this may sound stupid or ignorant or whatever but ca n't they just eat more fish ? 
  you keep saying that the faroese need whaling in order to survive but i kinda doubt that . 
  well shit , i 'm not gon na spend any more time arguing with you sir , would be a real shame to waste more of your time on this petty argument when you could spend that time in your crusade against all those freaking eurofags that need to be constantly reminded who saved their asses in the world wars , now go and remind those puny europoors that ca n't afford a proper army who 's the back to back world war champs . 
  i 'm not saying it 's unwarranted ( i do n't know how much the whole thing costs to maintain ) but going there with your whole family ( lets say 2 parents and 2 kids ) could set you back 100 ron which can be a lot of money around here . 
  how was your comment relevant to the discussion ? 
  if anything shoryukenist 's comment was relevant while yours was just some bullshit self victimization . 
  holy shit 28lei ? 
  for romania that 's not cheap at all , [ a regular zoo is a lot cheaper here ] ( http://zoo.sibiu.ro/info/detail/20 ), 
  i agree it happens a lot which makes it even more ridiculous ... honestly he should change his name to ltbutthurtreynolds, 
  it 's also funny how you seem to be anywhere someone says something even remotely negative about the us . 
  that website gave me 2000s flashbacks . 
  digi24 is probably pulling the average up, 
  yeah because immigrants are inherently bad ... 
  let me try something else , do you think it is good for the people and the economy in general to focus on cheap labor instead of trying to do something else , like push for better wages to increase consumption instead of keeping them artificially low just to compete with china , because i do n't think we 're keeping wages low to compete with germany for example since they are already like 4-5 times lower . 
  no idea , but i do n't think keeping minimum wage so low to be able to compete with china or indonesia is a good idea either . 
  look , i do n't agree with a pm marketing his country as a cheap labor paradise , i do n't know how it works where you come from but here there are a lot of people with only high school and finding people to work on minimum wage is pretty easy , you 're not exactly able to negotiate a better salary because they can just hire someone else , and if they have a bussiness model that requires cheap labour , when the job market becomes saturated , instead of increasing wages they are just gon na move to another country . 
  i do n't know what you understood , maybe it came out wrong on my part , but what i want to say is that if the pm of hungary attracts investors who pay minimum wage then most new jobs are gon na be minimum wage . 
  no but flooding the job market with low wage jobs drives the wages down across the board . 
  is that after taxes ? 
  checking wikipedia it says that the minimum wage is 350 for unskilled labour and 405 for skilled labour . 
  nah hes just rambling about the 4th reich or something, 
  no , we should go away from the cheap workforce model . 
  these look way better than the palace of parliament . 
  feel free to post some . 
  someone posted a satellite photo of another city from romania and i thought it would be cool to post it here too , [ sibiu , january 2015 ] ( https://i.imgur.com/cgaldvm.jpg ) . 
  there was no google maps in the 1960s or whenever that was built . 
  works fine on my touchpad . 
  that 's the mean temperature during the entire month ( including nights or when it rains or whatever ) , looking on wikipedia , the average high temperature in bucharest during july is 28.8 celsius , in madrid it is 32.1 , in athens 33.4 , in rome 30.3 , so while on average not as hot as in southern europe , it can still get very hot during heatwaves . 
  one crazy hot city though , is phoenix arizona , average high during july is 41.2 celsius . 
  depends what ideal climate means for you , for example i hate cold and consider the mediterranean climate to be ideal . 
  also it can get very hot here in july , 22c is for the entire month , highs can be like 40 + sometimes , even hotter in cities due to the heat island effect . 
  not again ... 
  is that actually bits or is it bytes ? 
  you jelly, 
  my parents are in the same situation , god i hate telekom . 
  deutsche telekom is trying to bring some of that goodness here too , my parents in the country side are stuck paying 10 $ a month for 6mbps . 
  if you want to know , it 's slovenia , spelled like in english but pronounced differently . 
  you 're making a huge mistake , when burebista and his people come back from the stars to reclaim this rock you 're gon na wish you were nice to us . 
   there have been a couple of projects in bulgaria imagining a canal from black sea to danube through bulgaria for precisely this reason . 
  noobs !, 
  we did that in the 50s with communist forced labour !, 
  yes you 're right , right now it feels like we 're not being taken seriously which is frustrating . 
  you 're right , the criminals wo n't have to potentially bribe the hungarian border guards , saving them some bucks .
