   i mostly used [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_cities_in_india_by_population ) when comparing anyone else think it 's funny how bangalore had the biggest increase in population between 2001 and 2011 ? 
   a bottle of water runs like 3,5 eur that 's still insanely expensive . 
  we do n't border greece , bulgaria does . 
  also i happen to be a person who despite all believes the eu ( not in it 's current form ) has potential and would like it to evolve into a federation , so of course i want my country to be part of schengen . 
  ( also it would shut up a lot of idiots who say western eu views us a second class citizens so we should just give up and go back to being a communist shithole ) . 
  haha then you guys should start taking geography more seriously :p, 
   the average uk citizen does n't see themself as european , feels little connection to the continent and a good amount actually feel contempt for continental europeans . 
  we 'll find out how true this is when you guys have your referendum . 
  and by free market you mean what exactly ? 
  fossil fuel subsidies ? 
  well it clearly is n't since we 're still left out : /, 
  you do n't say . 
  well then do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  you do n't get as much as you see in those pictures :p, 
  this graph is about average download speed not coverage . 
  since my family ( and my whole village actually ) receives this aid i think i can help make things clearer . 
  basically what you receive is some [ flour ] ( http://newsar.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/faina_ue-420x327.jpg ) , some [ cooking oil ] ( http://image.stirileprotv.ro/media/images/600x375/oct2013/61407767.jpg ) , some [ canned food , sugar , biscuits ] ( http://redesteptarea.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/ajutoare.jpg ) etc. 
  i think the requirements to qualify for this aid are made with western eu countries in mind since you can actually have no money problems and still receive it here in romania ( at least in the countryside ) . 
  so basically if everything goes as planned we will have the demo ready by the 2040s ? 
  [ pan flutes i think ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_flute ) , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nai_ ( pan_flute ) is the romanian version which is called nai . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wv3ya9nska ) is gheorghe zamfir playing `` the lonely shepherd '' which was also used in the movie `` kill bill '' . 
  he said it 's a shame the eu is not investing in this kind of infrastructure . 
  some paved roads in a poor neighborhood while nice are not the same as ports and railroads . 
  that 's how many people the country has per r/europe reddit user , so the uk has roughly 4 times the density of france . 
  i know right !, 
  exactly solidarity ca n't be a one-way street , that 's exactly why you get to keep the refugees and we get to keep the mon $ $ $ y ( thanks by the way ) , are n't you already feeling warm inside for helping both eastern europeans and syrians , seriously man you 're such a nice person !, 
   they need education expenses paid by the state ( they can not afford the school books , or living in the city for university study ) up until 11th grade they get those for free . 
  also if you 're really poor you get like 300-400 ron a month and pretty much everything you need for free , i know this because i got this aid for 2 or 3 years back when i was in school . 
   a national program for school meals would work a hundred times more than all the programs currently in place . 
  the parents would send their children to school just for those meals . 
  a lot of people laugh at the milk and bread ( sometimes apples too ) you get for free in romanian schools , but it is a godsend for the poor kids , i had colleagues in middle school who took home all the extra food the other kids did n't eat . 
  i might sound like a bigot saying this but the only thing stopping these people from getting an education is their parents . 
  yep , everyone thinks canadians are nice people , but we know , oh we know ... 
  never heard that in person , heard it on the internet . 
  also you should read that ama . 
  what are you trying to prove here bro ? 
  here i can get soup , french fries , cabbage salad , chicken , pancakes with bread and drink included for 12 lei which is 2.7 euros , it may look cheap for some of you guys but considering how low the wages are around here it is equivalent to something like 12 euros for a german , not so cheap anymore . 
  from what i can tell he used the [ long term gdp estimates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_imf_ranked_countries_by_past_and_projected_gdp_%28ppp%29#long_term_gdp_estimates ) but he used current population figures . 
   11,000 eur  that 's pretty good yearly income ...   less than welfare here : /, 
   the best thing about the facts is that they stay true regardless of whether you personally believe that or not . 
  i do n't see any facts , 1 +1 = 2 , that 's a fact , what you 're doing here is cherry picking , and you 're doing a pretty sloppy job too . 
  to be honest i 'm not even gon na argue with you , i personally do n't care about moldova that much , but to say that the moldovans living in republic of moldova are a different people from the ones living in the romanian part of moldova is funny . 
  also do you really believe that we , romania , went into russia and annexed part of their territory ? 
  lol, 
  wages are still way lower here , it 's just in some industries , like it for example , where we have good wages . 
   obviously , my point is to clarify that this : `` moldova was once a region of romania until the russians took it '' - is wrong . 
  nope , what is now the republic of moldova was part of the principality of moldavia ( which in 1859 would unite with wallachia and form what is now romania ) until 1812 when the russians took it . 
  also it was part of greater romania ( we did n't annex them , their parliament voted to unite with us ) between 1918 and 1939 when the russians took it again . 
  and ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm really tired right now so i 'm gon na be short-ish , what i responded to originally said that it 's bullshit that some people have it worse just because they 're born in another country . 
  and i said well the best way to help them is try to make their countries of origin better places . 
  i 'm not completely against immigration and refugees , i just think the west , if it does n't intend to solve the root problems , then they should be more careful with which refugees they receive . 
  also i 'm not saying brexit and trump where 100 % because of the refugee crisis but it played it 's part . 
   so how many european right-wing parties even got into power that were n't also in power in 2014 ? 
  far right parties had a surge in popularity during the refugee crisis , you ca n't deny it . 
  they 're trending down again because things calmed down . 
  you 're really tall are n't you . 
  as i said before , i think i would trust my kid with such things . 
  if my child wanted to be with someone it 's obviously because it makes them happy , it 's that simple for me . 
  not all gypsies are thieves like you say . 
  well , let 's just say that i 'm more optimistic than you are my friend . 
  idk , if my child thought it 's ok then why would i be against it ? 
  i do n't have children yet but if i did i think i would trust them enough to not care who they 're in a romantic relationship with . 
  there 's some people saying that refugees should probably stay and fight for their countries instead of fleeing to the west , is that a stupid thing to say ? 
  yes it is , in cases of countries like syria , but it 's not if you 're an economic migrant coming from some african country . 
  i think in the end it 's a good thing the mediterranean route is getting closed . 
  we should only take refugees that really need help , not poison the well with economic migrants , because as we 've seen people in the west do n't accept infinite immigration , we should be more careful with which people we accept . 
   yeah , but the west is n't anywhere near that point yet . 
  theoretically not , but things like brexit and trump getting elected makes me think that the west is very close to the practical limit . 
  in 2015 we got a million refugees and right wing parties were on the rise all over europe , what happens if things get worse and we get 10 million ? 
  we will probably go full fascist then . 
   they care more about the welfare of chickens than they do humans living elsewhere in the world . 
  well that 's because improving the welfare of chicken seems like a very trivial task for most people , and that makes them be like ` hey , why the fuck not ' . 
  on the other hand , solving the worlds problems seems impossible , so most people just do n't care . 
  taking in refugees is better than nothing , i 'm not saying it should be stopped , but in the grand scheme of things , it 's does n't do much to help , it does n't solve the root problem . 
  there 's probably 10-100 times more people being born into poverty than what the west takes in as immigrants . 
  also , sometimes those immigrants are doctors and engineers which undeveloped countries desperately need , which is why i originally said that if you actually want to help those people , you should rather try to improve their countries , not just take in a few people and ignore the rest . 
  the truth is that the west ca n't take everybody who needs help . 
  the solution is to step in and make the situation of our world better . 
  immigration and accepting refugees is just a band-aid . 
   but the fact of the matter is that it 's much more `` efficient '' to bring the problem to the rich directly than to just hope that the rich helps out of the pure goodness of their hearts . 
  well , alright then , the problem is right under your noses now , but noone seems to want to actually solve it , the right wants to ignore the problem and reduce immigration , and the left wants to continue the status quo which does n't do anything to solve the problems our planet is facing . 
  if you want to help them , make life better in the countries where they come from . 
  normally i 'm not pedantic , but for you i 'm gon na make an exception and say that according to your link latvia spends less than we do , and because of that i 'm gon na ignore everything else you said and disagree with you just for the sake of disagreeing . 
  well the video is a little bit dramatised , but what you see in it is mostly true . 
  the public healthcare system is close to useless , we spend the least in the eu as a percentage of gdp , we do n't have enough doctors , the waiting times are long , funds are mismanaged etc. 
  but contrary to what other people say , i never had to pay a bribe , i guess that depends on the region you 're from . 
  we 're nordics . 
   or i can simply emigrate to a place where some of this common stuff we 've been debating over here is also common sense and common practice . 
   well yes you could , i sometimes think about it myself . 
  the problems our country faces are very severe , and will take decades to solve , which is disheartening . 
  we are on the right path now , but our progress is slow , and it 's mostly because our economy is growing very fast , socially there is very little progress . 
  also there is no guarantee that some day progress wo n't reverse , and we will start going downhill . 
   if the majority of them ( that are actually affected by the lack of basic facilities ) do n't give a fuck about it and do n't question why things are the way they are , why should we ? 
  because we should have standards , the problem in our country is that after the revolution the political class took advantage of how little education the population had when it came to democracy . 
  there are a lot of people in this country who think of the politicians as their feudal lords or whatever , when in fact the purpose of the government is to serve the people . 
  we have to start imposing high standards to our government/president/parliament / mayor , this is the only way for us to get out of this mess . 
  if you do n't care about the problems of others , that do n't affect you directly , then the politicians can get away with ignoring them , and others wo n't care about the problems affecting you , and politicians can get away with ignoring your problems .
