   we do not have such faith in romania and bulgaria . 
  if the fact that we fulfilled the criteria required of us means nothing to you , then why do n't you update the damn thing so we know what we 're supposed to do . 
  and then again , the fact we were n't in schengen did n't stop those guys . 
  but your country fails to see that for some reason , and chooses to give the finger to the honest businesses instead . 
  we and bulgaria fulfilled the criteria required for accession 4 years ago , does that count for nothing in your eyes ? 
  is the eu this much of a joke ? 
  also if there 's someone talking bullshit here it 's you and your country since all you can say is that you feel we are n't ready . 
  give me an example of * massive fraud incursions by organized crime * originating from our countries . 
  this sounds like one of those template responses politicians use when they have no real arguments . 
  it 's bad . 
  yes habib ... uhhh ... 
  i mean friend . 
  the only thing we dub are kids shows , so that would n't be a problem here . 
  you have to understand that wages in the us and western eu are a lot higher than here , so those 8 euros would be equivalent to 40-45 dollars in the us . 
  basically , i do n't think it 's okay for them to ask more than they do in the us ( they pay in dollars , we pay in euros , and 1 euro is 1.08 dollars ) , while offering less ( a lot of shows are missing , even ones produced by netflix like house of cards ) , also contrary to what a lot of people are saying , piracy is almost as good as netflix , even better in some areas , because you get all the new episodes of all shows the moment they release ( sometimes before , like when got season 5 was launched and the first 6 episodes leaked in the first day ) . 
  in the end i 'd like to say that if it was cheaper , like 4 euros , i 'd consider it ( for example google music is like 5 dollars here ) . 
  and then they wonder why there 's piracy ... 
  depends , i paid $ 3,60 a few weeks ago when i went to see star wars . 
  yep , way too expensive , my internet connection costs me ~ 6 euros per month , no way i 'm paying 8 for netflix . 
  i think i might have went to highschool with one of the guys in those pictures , but i ca n't see his face so i 'm not 100 % certain . 
  it 's hilarious watching you silly americans and russians argue who has the best space program when our ancestors ( the dacians ) started colonizing the stars 2000 years ago . 
  you will fuck with the fork , and you will like it !, 
  yeah , but that 's when you 're asking them what the most important problems the eu is facing are , when you ask them what are the most important problems romania is facing , only 6 % are worried about terrorism , 27 % are worried about unemployment and 29 % about the economy . 
  also if you seriously think 1 in 5 romanian girls is a camgirl then i have to kindly ask you to go fuck yourself with a fork . 
  if you googled the history between the 2 countries , you 'd understand . 
  also most romanians see putin 's russia as the soviet union 's succesor . 
  you are in there , olanda = the netherlands . 
  i would n't say we hate them , for example if i was asked about china i would have answered * rather negatively * , because they are a dictatorship , but that does n't mean i hate the country or the people . 
  it looks very nice actually . 
  [ i think this one looks pretty bad ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/@45.7895612,24.1499162,3a,74.6y,52.02h,101.04t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sxwis3nqwklpyjwprwvkjia!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=ro ) , [ this one is also quite shitty ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/@45.7723468,24.1482029,3a,75y,104.32h,127.5t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1smxeizdshlewm7dejm9unjw!2e0!7i13312!8i6656?hl=ro ), 
  on the inside , on the outside it looks pretty bad in my opinion . 
  you know very well what i meant . 
   well , romania pulled crimea 2014 on us in 1918 . 
  from the article you linked , basically you pulled crimea on us in 1806 : `` as the russian empire noticed the weakening of the ottoman empire , it occupied the eastern half of the autonomous principality of moldavia , between the prut and dniester rivers . 
  this was followed by six years of warfare , which were concluded by the treaty of bucharest ( 1812 ) , by which the ottoman empire acknowledged the russian annexation of the province . 
  [ 1 ] before the russian annexation , the territory had no particular name , moldavia being traditionally divided into \u0162ara de sus ( the upper lands , the mountainous area of the carpathians ) and \u0162ara de jos ( the lower lands , the plains which included this territory ) . 
  bessarabia was the southern part of this territory ( now known as budjak ) , being named after the wallachian house of basarab , which ruled it in the 14th century . 
  the russians used the name `` bessarabia '' for the whole region rather than the southern area . 
  [ 2 ] bessarabia had an area of 45,630 km \u00b2 , more than the rest of moldavia and a population between 240,000 and 360,000 , most of them being romanian-speaking moldavians . 
  the boyars of bessarabia protested against the annexation , arguing that the ottoman empire had no right to cede a territory that was not theirs in the first place ( moldavia being only a vassal , not an ottoman province ) , but this did not prevent the sultan from signing the treaty in may 1812 . 
  [ 1 ] '' also what followed was n't pretty either . 
   i voted a few hours ago , and i was the only person there under the age of 60 . 
  so i have a feeling that the `` against '' side will prevail . 
  hopefully not , if you guys would pass it there is a greater chance more countries from the balkans and eastern europe will follow your example and pass it in the future . 
  yes it was not arbitrary , but i hope you can see it was n't fair either . 
  coming in late to take it home ? 
   yeah , a lot of high skilled wealthy immigrants . 
  forgetting the context already ? 
  they finally had some poor people show up and it 's turning into a disaster . 
  lets see these numbers next year . 
  this is not true , anyone from the eu can go get a job in germany , and they get a lot of unqualified people from the eastern states who cant find work here . 
  also they take in a lot of people from the balkans . 
   and a much higher standard of living and quality of life than either of those nations . 
  income inequality is a useless piece of information the far far left clings to to try and justify bad policy . 
  much higher ? 
  then why are so many of them risking their lives to work in shit conditions in the us , they would n't go through all that bullshit if they could make a living in their countries . 
   only if you 're in a dictatorship . 
  are you from the us of a ? 
  if so keep telling this to yourself , also remember that your poor people are the only ones in the world who can afford the luxury of owning a fridge !, 
   really ? 
  you do n't see how a larger population will have more variables ? 
  especially one that is based on poor people immigrating ? 
  take germany : 82 million people , gini of 26.3 one of the lowest in the world , a lot of immigrants . 
  take panama : 4.1 million people , gini of 51.9 , not that many immigrants . 
  inequality has more to do with the quality of your rulers than population . 
  also have you ever been to ukraine or moldova if i may ask , or have you seen gray commie blocks and said `` fuck this is hell on earth '' ? 
  also about uruguay , while i 've never been there myself , i know south america in general is plagued by income inequality ( corrupt rulers lead to this , romania has this problem too , albeit to a lesser extent ) . 
  because i 'm not gon na sit there and write all of the countries you mentioned all over again for no reason , also could you stop spouting that high population bullshit ? 
  i do n't see what population has to do with income inequality . 
  also of course the hdi adjusted for inequality is not perfect , and might not reflect reality perfectly , after all only things they take into consideration are life expectancy , income and education , adjusted for inequality . 
  you can look at it as hdi for the poorer citizens aka life is better for the poor in hungary than the poor in usa etc. 
  in my opinion these laws are really good because they raise awareness to smokers that not everyone can stand cigarette smoke . 
  also if you banned smoking in bars and nightclubs you could have smoke detectors , which would prevent tragedies like the one we had 2 months ago . 
  also why ca n't you as a smoker go outside and smoke ? 
  also you would get rid of all negative effects that second hand smoke has on health of course . 
  so you would for example be fine if i took a piss in your soup , i mean it 's my civic liberty to piss where i want right ? 
  no of course it 's not and for good reason , just like banning smoking in bars . 
  not in austria , back in your home country . 
  what ? 
  as someone from eastern europe , basically you see your relatives that ca n't get a job or have it really tough leave for germany or whatever rich country and after a year or two they buy a very nice car and build themselves a nice house after 3 or 4 years , and these are not doctors or whatever , just simple workers . 
  lol wtf is wrong with you people ? 
  i looked around a little on wikipedia and the eu ppp adjusted average ( not median ) is supposed to be between japan and south korea so not bad at all actually . 
  edit : just saw starvingm4n 's comment ... 
  it was foggy in romania all week , god dammit . 
   and yes , i am romanian . 
  why ? 
  no reason , you do n't have a flair so i was curious . 
  also my point is that romania is sadly still a poor and corrupt country , so we have to solve these issues first before we can realistically try to integrate the roma ( at least in my opinion ) . 
  also i began reading a little bit of that pdf , and while for example not having a toilet and a shower inside your house can be shocking to a westerner it 's quite common in romania . 
  hell , at my parent 's place we do n't have the shower and toilet inside the house , and i would n't say it 's because the state is discriminating me . 
  romania ? 
  i mean why the hell not the name fits already . 
  hate to break it to you bro , but this is romania , the second poorest country in the eu , what the hell do you expect ? 
  also , are you romanian ? 
  could you actually provide a source that says non eu migrants in the uk are a strain on the welfare system ? 
  really ? 
  i 'd like to see . 
  two words for you : predator drones . 
  shut up you freedom hating pussy . 
  yes but bangalore officially became bengaluru in 2014 and the population stats are for 2001-2011 , so my joke is still historically accurate :p also reddit auto correct likes bangalore instead of bengaluru so there 's that .
