  and that leads us to the current situation where most of our politicians only care about their problems , they take care of themselves and every now and then they give away some scraps to the voters , which are just enough to get them reelected because the voters never knew anything better . 
   survival of the fittest is still a proven form of evolution , even though less civilized than education . 
  survival of the fittest is not civilization . 
   you mean actually give a shit about them when there is n't an election in sight ? 
  well that is the entire premise , otherwise we have the current situation , where the mayor does n't give a shit , and the people who can afford it are supposed to find their own solutions at way higher costs . 
   they just prefer to spend the little money they do have on things that are more/actually necessary . 
  again , countries just as rich/poor as us manage it , i do n't see why we could n't given that we had proper governance . 
  that is the entire premise i base this discussion on , proper governance , without it we are in the current situation where a large percentage of the population does n't have access to basic facilities of the modern world . 
  i do n't think he 's a russian lover , he just likes getting into stupid arguments . 
  i know for sure he 's not a fan of the russian government . 
   that i personally know and that have this mentality regarding indoor plumbing and the associated taxes . 
  i do n't know , i do n't think they are a majority , and even if they are in some villages , there could be made some efforts to educate them on the matter , make them understand that it 's good for the environment and their health to have an indoor toilet . 
  and once the proper infrastructure is in place and most people have indoor plumbing , even the luddites will get indoor plumbing out of shame . 
   you seem to forget that many rural people prefer shitting in their back yard ( as is tradition ) since this is free of charge while indoor plumbing is a service that you pay for monthly . 
  jesus , that just is n't true , i know because i come from such a village , i do n't have indoor plumbing at my parent 's house . 
   most of our rural areas are firmly stuck in the 18th century regarding both mentality and economic output . 
  again , not entirely true . 
  i used to believe that when i was a kid , but after i moved to a city , i found out that there is n't that much of a difference in mentality between villages and cities . 
  not all people living in villages are like the stereotypical shepherd that spends most of his time living in the mountains with his sheep , and you can find just as many ' \u021b\u0103rani ' in the city as in the countryside . 
   it 's really not that big of a problem in rural communities . 
  yes it is . 
  also in your link it says that 1.6 million americans do n't have indoor plumbing , that 's only 0.5 % of the population , practically negligible . 
  in romania you 're 65 times more likely to not have indoor plumbing than in america . 
   the situation is slowly improving very slowly , also a country as rich as ours should n't have this problem in the first place , croatia which we just overtook in gdp per capita is at 1.8 % . 
  even bulgaria which is poorer than us is at 18.5 % if the government wanted to solve this , they could allocate some funds to the villages that do n't have proper plumbing and we would solve the indoor plumbing problem in 5 years max . 
   i 'm not making them scapegoats . 
  yes you were , you said part of the problem comes from the fact we have lots of gypsies , which is n't true , the problem would be just as bad without them . 
   but i also do n't feel like ignoring this ethnic group not putting the blame on them does n't mean you 're ignoring them . 
   but if they are 5 % of the population , you can bet that they account for 4-4 .5 % of those 32 % . 
  do you think there would be a difference if we had 28 % who missed indoor plumbing instead of 32 % ? 
  we would still be last in the eu . 
  it 's pointless bringing gypsies up because they do n't make a difference , stop using them as scapegoats . 
  also , about the politicians , i agree it 's our fault we have them , but i would n't say we deserve them , there is a difference . 
  gypsies make up about 5 % of the population , 32 % of people in romania do n't have indoor plumbing , there 's too few gypsies to have a negative influence on the country . 
  also if we had competent politicians who actually tried to solve problems , gypsies would n't be in such a bad situation in the first place . 
   actually the india in europe is likely responsible for a lot of these stats yeah no , stop blaming gypsies for everything , [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7c/partidul_social_democrat_logo.svg/1024px-partidul_social_democrat_logo.svg.png ) is who is responsible for these stats , also [ this ] ( http://www.pnliasi.ro/wp-content/themes/newsmag/assets/images/logo-pnl2.png ) , and [ this ] ( http://psnews.ro/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/udmr-logo.jpg ) , also us for letting them get away with it . 
   i 'm lucky i have ac and well insulated place . 
  i have neither , [ : / ] ( https://pics.me.me/why-the-fuck-everything-cost-money-18700780.png ), 
  i like thunderstorms , i already miss them , they 're way better than having to live through this heat . 
   on the minus side , i feel like dying every single time i see how much money i spend in the winter compared to other people . 
  well , as someone else already said in this thread , you can just put more clothes on , no shame in that !, 
  i remember a few years ago when my heating did n't work for 3 days in the middle of winter , i was sitting in my room with a winter jacket on and i was sleeping fully clothed , i could n't shower , could n't wash the dishes , i felt a little bit like a hobo but overall it was n't that bad . 
  yes i do actually , i like rain , and if i ever get bored of it i can get a vacation somewhere else for a few days to remind me of how awesome mild climates are . 
  honestly i would , actually sometimes i think one of the reasons why countries like ireland , the uk and northern europe in general are more productive than southern and eastern europe is because of how mild your climate is . 
  in ireland from what i see it 's like 5c in the winter and 20c in the summer , meanwhile in romania it 's -20 c in the winter and 40c in the summer . 
  i just searched around a bit and from what i can see a cheap dehumidifier costs around 8 times as much as a cheap fan , so i think i will stick with just the fan ( yes i 'm very cheap ), 
  got any tips on how to do that ? 
  for me it is even worse during the night than during the day . 
  during the day it gets very hot but the humidity is low , maybe 30 % , but during the night the humidity jumps to 80 % and even if outside it is around 20c , my apartment retains all the daytime heat and it 's 28c , coupled with the high humidity makes it very unpleasant . 
  i also hate winter , because i ca n't walk on ice at all , i just slip and look like an idiot , the only times of the year that do n't suck for me are spring and autumn . 
  i was sitting in my apartment sweating because i have no ac , and i thought i should check the weather to see if it will start to cool down in the next few days ... 
  i think i need to buy one of those cheap fans to make it through this week . 
  , maybe i phrased that wrong , what i was saying is that i discussed the subject with multiple people . 
  it 's a very awkward thing to discuss with others around here , it 's even worse than politics . 
  i ca n't even imagine how terrible it would be to live as a gay person in romania . 
  uhhh ... no i 'm not gay . 
  what made you think i am ? 
  imo women should be allowed to become priests , i would love to get a [ spovedanie ] ( https://doxologia.ro/sites/default/files/articol/2014/07/spovedanie.jpeg ) from a female priest . 
  from personal experience i can confirm that when it comes to gay marriage there 's not much difference between the older and younger generations in romania . 
  i had an easier time convincing my parents that being gay is normal than i did my colleagues . 
  yeah i had to guess all of those too , no way to know unless you are interested in danish history . 
  actually i could have gotten 30 , there was a question of what germany demanded from denmark when they occupied it in 1940 , initially i wanted to say that they asked for cooperation ( which was the right answer ) , but i was n't sure and decided to pick that they wanted to annex some regions of denmark because it sounded more evil, 
  from now on every time i see another westerner whining about how hard it is to find a job and how low the wages are , i 'll just tell him to start his own company because apparently it 's that simple , all you have to do is stop being poor !, 
  that website pisses me off . 
  it would be awesome if our government thought education and healthcare are priorities , sadly they do n't , no idea what you 're talking about . 
   your score : 72 % ( 29 points out of 40 ) i got pretty close , it 's kind of a stupid test though . 
   well rural parts are but cities are well developed every time i talk with someone about china this comes up . 
  rural parts of china are still china , if you ignored rural parts of romania we would look a lot better too . 
   factories often have housing provided for the lowest class so they can actually save a lot of money to travel interesting , i heard about this too but mostly bad things . 
   one of the reasons why they rude , because a lot of low class people are able to travel , low class people in eu that would embarrass everyone do n't leave the country ... 
  yes they do, 
   china is growing because they were poorer than romania 20 years ago . . what if i told you that they still are . 
   i say we should rather rethink some concepts of our economy like what ? 
  just copy the url and go to incognito mode and it should work . 
  if you zoom in on the picture it looks like a painting . 
  just came back and wanted to reply to nikolaju , but saw your reply , and you put into words what i wanted to say better than i could , so from me . 
  i do n't know , i think that if the russian media was n't so propagandistic and the average russian found out that because of putin 's stupid decisions , [ russia was overtaken in terms of economy by romania ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.pp.cd?locations=ro-ru ) , they would be very pissed off . 
  i mean , if you look at the graph , the only time this happened before was during the ` oh so horrible 90s ' , so putin must surely be doing something very wrong . 
   the demigod that rescued them from the chaos of the 90s you have to be very ignorant to believe this ( not saying you are , it 's just that i see lots of people say this ) . 
  every country in eastern europe had a booming economy back in the 2000s , and russia was in an even better position because oil went from around $ 20 a barrel at the start of 2000 to over $ 100 at the end of the decade . 
  with that in mind , the performance of the russian economy under putin was average , nothing special . 
  yet i see lots of russians and lots of turks say that putin/erdogan saved their economies , when in fact they just happened to be in power at the right time . 
  he explained to merkel his easy trick that allows him to play 9d chess while everyone else is playing tick tack toe , after that merkel was like ' * eyeroll * yeah it makes so much sense ', 
  congratulations i guess, 
  lol , i read the article , he donated $ 25000 to a pro abortion group , and they were forced to return it for some reason . 
  also got to love how big of a hypocrite that pro life ( anti abortion ) spokesperson is . 
   these documents showed a strategy proposal for the foundations ' women 's rights program to fund the abortion rights campaign , amnesty international ireland , and the irish family planning association `` to work collectively on a campaign to repeal ireland 's constitutional amendment granting equal rights to an implanted embryo as the pregnant woman ( referred to as ` fetal personhood ' ) . '' wow how evil !!!!, 
  meanwhile far right idiots are trying to redefine the romanian constitution so that marriage will be a union between a man and a woman ( now it 's a union between spouses ) , they are funded by wealthy far right americans and russians , but i guess that is perfectly fine , since the far right does it . 
   and i have pretty good reasons did he steal your icecream when you were little ? 
  if you 're not a mod then it means i 'm safe and can remove the / jk tag , thanks for the tip . 
  [ that moment when a mod steals your joke ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6ltvi9/in_budapest_you_can_now_wipe_your_feet_on_george/djwhyag/ ) , well i should n't be surprised , it 's not the first time a hungarian steals something from a romanian ~ ~ ^ ^ / jk ~ ~, 
   i know how 35c feels and i know how it felt today so idc about your opinion really apparently you do n't , this is what 35c feels like , the highest temperatures in croatia today have been 35-36c , it 's a fact not my opinion, 
  temperature in the sunlight is not as relevant , for example if you wear black clothes it 's gon na feel a lot hotter than if you wear white clothes . 
   it 's not hot where i 'm from , last few years every summer is over 40 so 35 is slightly warm for me highest air temperature ever recorded in croatia is 42.8 celsius , recorded in 1981 . 
  you remind me of my neighbor , who has his thermometer in direct sunlight , and he 's calling the weather forecast guy a liar because his thermometer shows 50 degrees not 35 like it says on tv . 
   and accu-weather is accurate 100 % ? 
  when it comes to temperature yes it is and an air temperature of 35-36 celsius is hot , not ` slightly warm ' , my point is valid , deal with it . 
  i do n't know exactly where you are , but i 've looked it up and for example in zagreb the high temperature of today was 35c also in general , i do n't think i 've ever seen a car thermometer that accurately shows air temperature . 
  do n't ask me why , but i actually cried when the netherlands lost ( i assume this is about the 2010 world cup final ) . 
  and people say there 's no innovation coming out of countries like hungary .
