  saying what they believe in ? 
   forming popular commitee that select citizen that represent them so , democracy ? 
  you 're just latching on random bits that you interpret however you want to wave the red scare flag . 
  le parisien is right-wing . 
   it 's a huge economic loss to force people to learn something they will forget later on . 
  right , let 's just teach people how to use a conveyor belt , it 's not like they 'll use anything else anyway . 
  it 's too costly . 
  living in paris , i do n't plan on buying a car anytime soon . 
  it 's just not worth it . 
  if it passes it 's `` observed '' by some commission , ie . 
  it 'll never get anywhere . 
  it 's still the most democratic tool there is in the eu and we should use it , but it 's not gon na change anything . 
  edit : oh i just noticed you were talking about switzerland . 
  the point still stands though . 
  not surprised . 
  i think the unspoken assumption is that there are some things that can still be reasonably `` forced '' onto the people , such as compulsory education , the state of current frontiers , etc. , for two reasons : - you ca n't just put everything to vote all the time - people might not have the best knowledge and ideas about things should run i think both are reasonable ( of course up to a lot of debate ) . 
  furthermore voting on something rarely gives very clear cut results ; if some issue gets 51 % of the votes , and is then fully acted upon , is that democracy for the 49 % others ? 
  plus you can have people who disagree with both propositions , or agree and disagree with elements of both , or find the entire question misframed ... 
  yes there could be a lot more democracy for everything in the average western country , but where do you draw the line ? 
  ( and also : how do you propose you get there ? 
  install the debate , gain support , etc. . . ) when it comes to regionalism , i think it should be a difficult issue , you ca n't just say `` well i feel like it , so it 's democracy if we secede ! '' . 
  i personally tend to be wary about it and suspect it 's mostly about not paying taxes for 99 % of cases ( putting aside institutional religious discriminations , which i think have mostly disappeared in the west now ) , but that 's just me . 
  the point is , the state is n't * only * some big bad meanie that 's here to take your money , it does things with it , like schools and hospitals . 
  following your example , say a town of 300 decides to secede and not pay taxes anymore , how do they build their school ? 
  do they have to get a loan ? 
  what if it 's an abusive one , and they 're not given a real choice , or they just do n't know any better ? 
  do they go bankrupt ? 
  or do people have to commute for two hours or more every day to get the kids to school in another town ? 
  what if the people in that town decide `` we do n't want other kids in our school ! '' ? 
  and that 's not even getting into bigger issues , like financial regulation . 
  what will a bunch of towns of 1,000 , or even 50,000 , do against worldwide , transnational , rigged capitalism ? 
  yeah they can get together ... then it becomes too big , people do n't like it and want to secede again ... 
  i think it 's a harder question than regionalist movements seem to think it is , and i do n't think self-determination can be summed up to regional power . 
  you can have a regional dictator ... 
  i do n't know , that seems obvious to me . 
  you 're just talking about right now , where we call `` democratic '' a lot of things that are n't really so . 
  i think op is asking more in general or ideal terms . 
  [ original post in / r/linguistics ( the op is the creator ) ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/1llydm/introducing_the_great_language_game/ ), 
   in the european neighborhood what ? 
  but feelings are manipulatable , and anti-tax sentiment is getting riled up everywhere by the rich and the right ( not that it 's new ) . 
  what that results in is region that want to `` secede '' like lega nord , ie . 
  not change anything except not paying taxes anymore , because they feel they 're better than other less developped regions and should n't pay for anything , and poor and middle-class people who go along because they identify with millionaires and their terrible tax `` burden '' . 
  in general it seems the anti-tax rethoric considers any income as absolutely legitimate , and therefore untouchable , just because it 's an income . 
  there is no logic to that . 
  [ douces france \\ ( s \\ ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=douces+france\\ ( s \\ ) ) , a kind of slice-of-life documentary about france 's regions, 
  do both of you care to explain how `` politically incorrect '' it is exactly ? 
  in what way are they `` unscientific ideologues '' ? 
  what side do they tend to lean on the `` nature vs nurture '' debate ? 
  it 's like everybody is politically incorrect these days . 
  i do n't think it does , it was just underlining the excesses of that way of thinking . 
  but yes you should n't go from one extreme to another . 
  i guess it already exists in france , seen that a bunch of times . 
  i 'm not even sure what it 's for exactly . 
  can not be viewed from france lol . 
  the series is available through ... `` other '' means . 
  it 's called `` the french african connection '' . 
  you should advertise it in / r/newreddits , and maybe / r/history, 
   [ x ] technology could solve [ x ] world problem !, 
  who cares ? 
  why should pedestrians move `` more quickly '' ? ... 
  this is why people hate the eu and end up thinking getting out would solve everything . 
   1 upvote 4 downvote welp . 
  i admit i would n't be able to sum them up myself and go in details , but i have seen a lot of argumentated reasonings as to why this is the case , on how germany is forcefully sustaining a model that 's not generalizable but only works for them , that this model basically only serves the german retirees , that the euro is artificially maintained low , which is good for germany but not so much for the rest ... 
  it 's not * just * poor smelly people jealous of your success . 
  - edited dumb typo, 
  i 've seen germany 's figure in the article , but are n't all developed countries ' industry going down currently ? 
  and since years , at least ? 
  that 's the direct consequence of delocalization . 
   the french farmers say they are now paid 75 euro cents ( # 0.60 ; $ 1 ) for a kilogram of eggs by whom ? 
  why always blame taxes and regulations ( except when they 're really absurd ) and never the distributors ? 
  who 's really making their marges on this ? 
  i agree but i think there are more pressing matters . 
  i do n't think anyone doubts that there can be nice people anywhere . 
  it 's already bad ... 
  that title is misleading . 
  it depends on what this `` immediate action '' is . 
  that would be taxation . 
  i 'd be tempted to say it has always existed where there existed any form of government , so it 's safe to say it does not constitute a dilemna as far as history is concerned . 
  to be specific taxation is the revenue of the government , not `` forcing you to share your money '' . 
  everyone benefits from the government spending back that revenue , including you ( even indirectly , for example you might say you do n't use the subway : other people do , therefore also free up the streets for your car ) , it 's not a net loss for no reason whatsoever . 
  and yes , i do think whether the way you gained it was fair or not can be important : it 's valid to consider one of the task of the government to correct injustices that can `` accidentally '' arise from society , like the disconnect i talked about that can emerge with bigger corporations . 
  if its action is enacted in this way , it can be regarded as justified , and in the opposite case it may not be , even if it 's the exact same action . 
  enacting taxation , even of an exceptional nature , on a top ceo or on a poverty-stricken community is n't the same . 
   a government can force you to that 's what the law does . 
  whether it 's something good or bad , with which you agree or not , the essence of the government is the law and its enforcement . 
  i get what you 're trying to question , but i think you 're being a little skewed about it . 
  the government does n't `` force '' you at gunpoint to `` share '' your money . 
  the purpose of a government is force , so that 's not surprising , that action can be justified , and you do benefit from the products of that money . 
  i do n't see what 's strange about that . 
  cocaine, 
   his food that does n't excuse any situation . 
  take a sect guru , the money that comes up to him through the system he set up is his , right ? 
  but there 's a problem in the way it does , which is illegal , so the authorities deal with the situation . 
  a lot of existing practices can be deemed problematic , just because it 's legal does n't mean it 's right or fair . 
  more fundamentally , there 's a point where the amount you gain versus the efforts you put in are n't corelated anymore . 
  it goes from linear to exponential . 
  do people who earn 500 + times more than others work 500 times more ? 
  plus invoking `` merit '' supposes an otherwise perfectly fair society , which i do n't think anyone would say is the case . 
   nobody likes there are a lot of things i do n't like to do , and i still have to . 
  yes , as long as there is this possibility , people are gon na do that .
