  you 're just spouting the usual populist rethoric , immigration insecurity and blah blah blah . 
   immigration problems poverty problems . 
  i do n't support it but i do n't think the fn is `` fascist '' . 
  it 's that kind of mindless demonization that in part contributed to give it a victim status which made them seem like a valid anti-system option . 
  i think there can be a reasonable limit to the existence of political parties and freedom of speech , that does n't in itself make a country a dictatorship . 
  some topics are forbidden in france like antisemitism and racialism , and it 's not `` political correctness '' to do so . 
  i think everybody thinks absolutely nothing 's gon na change , both people and legislators and the `` elite '' , so no , the vote is n't taken seriously . 
  your post has literally nothing to do with the one you 're replying to or the one before it . 
   it may ruin sarkozy 's chances for 2017 has n't he said several times he would n't try it again , even though nobody 's sure if it 's true ? 
  we do but ours are printed , so you ca n't just write whatever . 
  i 'm glad electronic voting is n't being pushed by the political class because i would never be able to trust it . 
  sounds like / r/europe, 
  such as ? 
  25 % with 57 % abstention, 
   having absolutely no controls over who get 's to come to your country no country in the entire world is in this situation . 
  i agree let 's start with you, 
   when did that happen ? 
  you mean apart from everything that 's mentioned and directly linked to in the article ? 
  right , fiscal evasion exists , so let 's just get rid of all taxes altogether . 
  genius . 
  that 's just common rethoric ... everybody 's against `` big banks , big business , and big bureaucrats '' ... 
  this is a common rebuttal but i do n't think it is a good one . 
  you do n't need to have control of the entirety of the most minute details to have a conspiracy in the general sense , ie . 
  some sort of influence over what happens . 
  it 's not a black and white situation where either everybody have the best intentions and are doing their best or everybody 's evil and corrupted and `` in '' a huge secret they know is bad but keeping shut about it and meeting in candle-lit basement with satanic drawings on the walls . 
  i 'll try to take a realistic example : one party wins elections , the other obviously does n't like it . 
  why would n't they try to stir things up a bit during the mandate , blow things out of proportion , be contrarian , make cataclysmic predictions ? ... 
  it 'll discredit the government , hopefully in the long - or medium-run , and make things appear worse than they are . 
  maybe some social groups or organizations tend to listen to them more , and will follow the lead , and/or genuinely believe those predictions . 
  where do you draw the line between `` i 'm genuinely worried '' and `` i 'm overreacting because i know i might get something out of this and the government will try to settle things down and cave in to a few of my demands '' ? 
  how clear can that line be ? 
  i 'm not so sure personally . 
  what about social groups that actually have some power in society ? 
  take the business class . 
  even if it 's out of genuine fear , their overreaction to a given measure or simply a stated intention could perfectly make things worse and become a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  he 's more reasonable than you . 
  really shitstain ? 
  resorting to insults after 3 posts ? 
  about 60 % of `` the people '' usually vote even in major elections in typical western countries , and a maximum of 55 % of them pick the winning candidate . 
  people who did n't vote for them have no `` responsibility '' in the result , period . 
  people have no effect actual decision making if they do n't respect their campaign promises , they do n't decide what 's done in details in the government , the eu level or anywhere else , and they would n't be able to because politics are complicated . 
  the governments made several decisions that created the current crisis , forbidding the central bank from lending to states , so they have to resort to markets at a higher rates , bailing out banks , let fiscal niches and evasion fester ... nobody has had any say in that , `` responsability '' has nothing to do with it . 
  the only reason why you 're so rabidly for making the population pay for the current crisis is ideological . 
   vast amounts of money they did n't have because they kept slashing tax rates under the same bullshit ideology of trickle-down merkel and the right always had , not mentioning the bailout of the financial crisis which was caused by private banks . 
   taking responsibility are you saying that western countries ' democracies are anything else but a joke ? 
  people vote based on the feelings of the moment and have no say in actual policy nor is there any way to make sure the promises made during campaigns are kept . 
  yes it 's better than dictatorship but it does n't deserve the term `` democracy '' in any meaningful sense . 
  generally speaking the tolerance and liberalism ( in the english sense ) in society that has developed in those countries is just that , liberalism , and not democracy as it 's sometimes refered to in a vague way . 
  i 'm just seeing a typical right-wing speech here that pretends to care about the debt , so i 'm gon na take a shot here : if you seriously think this is such an issue , start by taxing financial transactions and cracking down on fiscal havens . 
  if you do n't support that , you 're just full of shit , and nothing more . 
  yes , imposing poverty on millions of people with no concertation or any way for them to fight back while bowing down to the rich and powerful , how brave . 
  it 's not on the map ... 
  yes , if the students * already * speak english . 
  that 's why i said `` if nothing else is changed '' , ie . 
  if the english level and its teaching stay as they are , whatever might be wrong with it , the result would be to close doors on the lot of students who ca n't currently speak it . 
  i do n't see why having classes in english would make them better . 
  it 's the content that 's important . 
  it 's fine having a few , and forbidding them entirely may not be a good idea , but switching to 80 % of courses in english is not going to do anything either . 
  in fact if nothing else changed as well it would prevent more people from going into higher education because of the new language barrier . 
   unless you had basic income replace most welfare and government pension programs . 
  which i do n't think is politically feasible . 
  that 's what the video mentions at 1:50 . 
  personal opinion here , i 'm convinced that this will be inevitable at some point or another . 
  it 's not gon na be the big bad government or eu or whatever suddenly throwing everything away and implementing it for everyone , it 'll be slow , uneven , will vary a lot between countries , but this idea is n't going away and will slowly be acknowledged and implemented , like human rights now . 
   the idea behind it is , that it is wrong to subsidize certain groups weather they need support or not no , the idea is that everyone should at least be able to survive and have access to a minimum standard of living . 
  i fucking love when americans constantly call other people `` pretentious '' . 
  for some reason that video is buzzing , i 'm not sure why , i 've just seen one other interview of that guy some weeks ago and it was the first time i 'd heard of him . 
  i think people are overreacting in both ways here ; i 'm not sure where that buzz about this video is coming from , is he extremely famous in the uk ? 
  but getting upset at it is just as stupid , he 's not a freaking economist , he 's relatively young , and he basically answered to all of those whinings in the quote / u/carlcon mentioned below . 
  he 's not the one hyping his own video and pretending to know every problem and solve them , it 's just been reposted everywhere for who knows what reason . 
  they 're alliances between national parties : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_political_party#current_europarties chances are your party of preference will already be in one of them . 
  stop austerity , economic problems solved , no more need for scapegoats . 
  the continuing fascization of the uk ... 
  and they have a worse environment as a whole , so that does n't even prove your point you moron . 
  so , you think it 's perfectly equal ? 
  source : http://www.craigwilly.info/2013/03/21/euro-american-collaboration-and-interventions-since-world-war-ii/, 
  you do n't need the * exact same * life standards levels as europe or the us to sell some things ... 
  why not brazil ? 
  or south-east asia ? 
  or africa , albeit in a little while ? ... 
  i find this a really good article . 
  i suspect the loaded word `` decadence '' is attracting more downvotes than it should . 
  what 's with the 4 countries at the bottom ? 
  they have no score displayed at all, 
   there is no debate yes there is , a lot , on the program and its details . 
  there are oppositions and criticisms and you hear about them regularly on the news , like with the coming municipal elections where the strategy will vary based on the town . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is often in the lead because he * is * the most charismatic and famous , and that plays a big part in a democracy . 
  you do know that politicians do n't choose where and how often they 're invited on the media , right ? 
  he 's invited because he 's theatrical and easy to recognize . 
  also that small detail where he was elected by the entire fdg to be the presidential candidate . 
  leadership and charisma were very important [ under sarkozy as well ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2013/06/17/la-lettre-d-allegeance-de-christine-lagarde-a-nicolas-sarkozy_3431248_3224.html ) , and i 'm gon na go on a limb here , but i 'd be willing to bet you never cried to soviet russia and totalitarianism then when it came to the ump . 
   they explain how everybody in the country is maintaining a social order i 'm not sure what you 're referring to . 
  if you mean neoliberalism , it 's an economical and political system , which is dominant right now , and does have social repercussions in daily life , so , i guess you can call it that . 
  are they talking about a `` social order '' in the way traditionalist christians , for example , talk about `` liberalism '' and how it 's `` perverting '' society , and how they want to change the way people live to combat it ? 
  no , they do n't . 
   and how they will change it because ... they 're against it ? 
  yep , that sounds about how politics usually work . 
   its about controling every election from the base what ? 
  how ? 
  by giving speeches ?
