[ there 's no such thing in french politics . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/impeachment ) it would probably require something really huge . 
  who knows ? 
  sarkozy 's trying to make a comeback , but it 's been described as somewhat disappointing even by his sympathizers , and he 's crumbling under scandals and legal affairs , some people are talking about hollande 's candidacy , but i 'm surprised it 's even considered , meanwhile the far/extreme-right national front is shown as a scarecrow by the left and the right to call to a `` useful vote '' and by the media to buzz and make sales . 
  everybody 's saying it , he has no electoral base . 
  the left voted on his promises which he does n't deliver on and the right stays on the right . 
  i 'm kinda excited about the rise of asia , without really knowing why . 
  especially for the cultural aspect of things , i 'm waiting to see more movies , video games , etc. 
  from those countries , as long as it does n't get even more overwhelming than the us has been , which i fear there might be a risk with china . 
  that 's kind of superficial , but i wan na see more inspiration from those mythologies in popular culture , i 'm a little fed up with greco-roman stuff . 
  i 'm sure there are amazing movies to be made from all those sources , especially india . 
  of course there 's all those problems of authoritarianism , corruption , pollution ... 
  it 's almost clich\u00e9 to say . 
  i also regret the religiosity of indonesia despite its place among the forefront of developing countries , as well as some rigid monarchies that still remain like brune\u00ef . 
  i wish we shared some of the more important myths and stories from asia , instead of sticking so much to ours , but that holds for them too . 
  i wish we had an idea , even basic , of what they are and what they say , even if everybody does n't necessarily know them by heart , things like oedipus , hamlet , the minotaur ... that 's what i think would be interesting . 
  this is art in russia ? ... 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktzhddic3ti https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfwarmpzvjo, 
  `` europe has almost 40 % of the world 's top 10 % wealth , asia-pacific has about 25 % of the world 's bottom 10 % wealth . 
  most of the wealth that is between the 6th and 9th decile , or 60 % and 90 % highest , is owned in china . '', 
  it 's the distribution by continents of total wealth ( y axis ) for every decile ( 1/10th ) of its quantity ( x axis ) . 
  something like the daily show/colbert report/last week tonight . 
  i have no knife and i must cut, 
  market fascism speaks again . 
  aspect ratio, 
  the question does n't arise for me , i 'm french , lived in france all my life , my parents and grand-parents are french . 
  so questions of culture and identification are more posed in terms of personal affinity and personality for me . 
  i do n't feel forced to identify or not with something , i kinda get to pick and choose , and i 'd say `` feel '' things in , maybe , a more spontaneous way ? 
  hearing things like `` i like this '' or `` i 'm that way because it 's my culture '' always feel weird to me , a little forced , or kind of like an excuse for this or that behavior . 
  maybe it 's a kind of privilege to be in the situation i am in . 
  but then again i think everybody can discover things they like and identify with , it does n't have to be restricted by what `` your culture '' is supposed to be . 
  a lot of people worldwide like tolkien , for example , a lot of intellectuals or historians in every country become specialists of another country and its culture ... 
  i 'm a `` culture  nature '' kind of guy anyway , so if you ask me , it 's about familiarity , habits and early exposure . 
  so of course living as a child in a country , then moving out and coming back , will generate a lot of feelings , linked to nostalgia . 
  that 's not some kind of natural essence , it 's memory/ies . 
  the future of politics worldwide if things continue as they are . 
  she was just 50 years too early . 
  it 's turkic . 
  [ things have changed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te ), 
   the exodus is largely due to politically instrumentalized overreaction to french socialist president fran\u00e7ois hollande 's tax policies . 
  fixed . 
  i was n't aware that was even on the table . 
  i did not want to answer this question with a single yes or no , but i wanted to see if there were other pages . 
  so i had to select one and click `` next '' , thinking that since it said `` next '' instead of something like `` end '' or `` finish this questionaire '' there would be more questions . 
  there was n't . 
  my vote was stolen by a cheap , shitty layout and the question is terrible to begin with . 
  it depends entirely on what this union would be like . 
  but that 's the wrong reaction to have , to get riled up as a lynching mob . 
  that 's the problem to be addressed , not something else . 
  the fact a few people were so stupid as to be `` afraid '' of saying anything against clearly illegal and criminal behavior does n't have anything to do with `` multiculturalism '' . 
  nobody 's saying people should n't be prosecuted because of their ethnicity . 
  do you think your reply goes against what he said ? 
  both are true . 
   there 's no known instance of a snuff video being made with the purpose of making money . 
  there 's only [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2000/oct/01/ameliagentleman.philipwillan ) . 
   the 63-year-old german engineer , mario zomer , does not require the help of the greek government , troika or the government of his native country . 
  the ultra-liberal dream . 
  this decision reminds me of the glass-steagal repeal . 
  it 's gon na be pretty ugly down the road . 
  france likes to criticize france for being too french . 
  i fear that bad eu federalism , like now in worse , would risk decredibilizing the entire notion of government , just like for republicans and the tea party in the us , and we 'll end up with the same kind of movements . 
  not all your stereotypes apply everywhere all the time . 
  it 's true that oftentimes criticism of israel is shamed as antisemitism , it 's also true that there are some legitimate antisemites in dieudonn\u00e9 's audience . 
  dieudonn\u00e9 and a number of other things like anti-gay marriage sentiment have been buzzing for several months now , way before the elections . 
  dieudonn\u00e9 himself parted ways with the mainstream media several years back originally . 
  yeah , because of him . 
  it 's pretty dirty and not good looking , occasionally smelly . 
  it can get extremely cramped in the wrong places at the wrong times , but generally fine . 
  signalization can be random , so always remember everything about your destination : the line number , the color , the end station ... 
  if you 've been coming from the suburbs into paris , you may have been using not the metro but the rer , which is indeed a lot better , faster and intended for more people . 
  i understand the novelty , but i 've never really liked it ( except when it goes outside on the surface , like the rer ) ; when i was in college i would always feel somewhat alright at the end of the day , even after a long one , but it 's the repetitive , cramped and hot metro that got me tired and numbed me down suddenly . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being serious or not so i have to ask . 
  if so it would be interesting to have some of your reasons to think so . 
  i trust that kind of statements more than the overwhelming austerity bullshit . 
  the what ? ... 
  you could at least mention a few things without having to delve into so much stupid . 
  i agree with your point , but culture is n't eating cheese or wearing berets or whatever . 
  laicism is french culture , republicanism , equality ... 
  your conception of `` culture '' is eating camembert and baguettes and drinking wine ? 
  there should be an index of the activity and/or support for each group . 
   people who want totally open boarders scarecrows and boogeymen ? 
  wow norway, 
  good times . 
   for one thing , in a liberal democracy people should be free to campaign to change the law what if they 're aiming at destroying liberal democracy ? 
  seems to me that 's the entire question . 
   even if their opinions are offensive there is this reactionary mindset going around on the internet these days that thinks anything anyone close to the left ever says against anything is some kind of blind , superficial reaction that 's entirely about `` feelings '' and devoid of any politicization or reflexion . 
  it is extremely dishonest and lazy . 
  and if there are such statements from time to time , like the most extremes of tumblr ( shit about alternative pronouns and such ) , they 're a minority and would be treated as such in an honest debate . 
  you 're not necessarily much at fault here but i had to say this . 
   for another thing , making these parties illegal might be counter-productive and actually increase their support . 
  i am unable to cite sources here but i have heard things that went against that recently , and made me question that common assumption . 
  i think it was in france , where several far-right-leaning violent groups , that mostly acted in the streets , were actually disbanded by law a few decades back , with good results . 
  the sole mediatic demonization of an otherwise legal party on the other hand , like the fn has had in the french media , is stupid and does what you said ( and it does give the impression that the critics are only concerned about feelings and political correctness , clouding an actual policy debate ) . 
  i agree , i was using it in a stricter sense . 
  well i agree with that . 
  but depending on the definition of `` fascist '' i 'd be fine with forbidding it , or , for a better example , nazism . 
  that 's not just `` pc '' . 
   with several hundred no-go zones i 'm certain there are plenty of zones i would n't go to in any given country , if only during certain hours . 
  i was taking a walk some time ago in the heart of the country , a 100 % french of french origins place , and a dog would have jumped at me if it had n't been for its chains . 
  those far-right parties are the same thing , if one happened to win elections i wo n't feel safe either with those skinhead meatheads groups which might start roaming around feeling emboldened , and i 'm sure they 'll have no immigrants along with them .
