if the separatists were backed by russia they could have easily acquired the parts to fix the buk 's . 
  do you really expect a huge earthquake and tsunami here in the uk ? 
  we do n't have large natural disasters like that and have very high building regulations , so there is n't any significant risk of a fukushima/chernobyl event happening . 
  just because they have that law does n't mean they should be pushing it on everyone else . 
  in the context of europe those are n't that relevant though . 
  while the countries in the uk all vary a bit they are still largely governed by the same government and very similar culturally . 
  the place for what you suggest is / r/unitedkingdom . 
  i 've always seen it as a simple indicator of where someone is located/lives . 
  whether you relate to one country or not it still does n't change where you actually live , and sometimes knowing where someone is gives a better perspective on their opinion and comments . 
  things can change quickly for both better or worse . 
  look how fast syria went from a relatively peaceful country to a war torn jihadist heaven , but also look at how fast places like bosnia have recovered from civil wars that were just as bad as what 's going on in the middle east , if not worse . 
  in a decades time many of these countries may well be entirely different to what they 're like now , and maybe even peaceful . 
   i 've heard some suggestions that we can keep it . 
  the scots ca n't exactly do anything to make us change it , so i think it will stay either way . 
  some of it is in waters that could be contested . 
  most people who commit suicide do it from a history of depression or something similar . 
  it 's hardly something that applies to everyone . 
  yeah i think we have some nice food to be honest . 
  i know that the ` average ' food here in the uk may be worse than the average food in some other countries . 
  but in reality if you want nice food , you can get it wherever you are , and if you want cheap food , it 's going to taste cheap wherever you are . 
   life expectancy uk is 81 , spain is 82.5 . 
  that does n't really mean much and could easily be down to margin of error or due to unrelated factors . 
   suicide rates does n't really apply to most people . 
   happiness very subjective . 
  statistics could depend on how questions are asked . 
  also , with the recent financial troubles in spain and many people leaving for other countries , it does n't seem like many people are happy . 
   weather ca n't argue with that . 
  spain has great weather . 
   food i kinda understand that . 
  although you can get food equally nice wherever you are . 
   safety very broad again . 
  from what i 've seen in multiple areas of spain building regulations are n't even close to being as strict as in the uk , which makes them less safe . 
  spain has a slightly lower homicide rate , but not by much . 
  all the things you pointed out are very subjective or do n't apply to a large portion of people , whereas the ones in the comment you replied to are things that affect everyone in a big way . 
  agreed . 
  i 've never understood why the uk is buying the f35 's , when we can build typhoons and already had a fleet of harriers and tornados as well . 
  the typhoons are more than good enough at air to air combat , harriers are great for launching off carriers , and tornados are good multirole fighter-bombers , yet we 're scrapping all but the typhoons for an aircraft that we are n't even sure is any good yet , and is increasingly looking like a complete disaster and bureaucratic mess . 
  i completely understand why no one wanted to intervene , and without the benefit of hindsight , knowing what was going to happen and how devastating wwii was going to be for all countries involved , it seems like it was the best option to try to appease and keep things calm . 
  no one wants to invade a country for fun or just because that country is posturing or annexing small areas , and they * definitely * do n't want to do that 20 years after the most devastating war in history . 
  i mean , who would have guessed that germany was actually going to follow through with all this crazy ideology they had and actually try take europe ? 
  it 's like if someone told you now that russia plans to invade and take over all of europe . 
  yes they are being quite threatening and doing some very questionable stuff , but no one seriously believes they will go that far , at least not enough to be willing to start a war over it . 
  really surprised how much higher the uk is in these charts than the rest of the eu . 
  i would have thought germany and france would have very similar figures . 
  [ scafell pike ] ( http://www.stridingedge.net/images/2012/02%20feb/01.02.12%20-%20scafell%20pike/p2019953.jpg ) [ in winter ] ( http://www.stridingedge.net/images/2012/02%20feb/01.02.12%20-%20scafell%20pike/p2019951.jpg ) . 
  looks more like norway or the alps to me . 
  half of the `` indian '' curries we eat do n't even come from india at all , and were made here in the uk , such as tikka masala . 
  i think that 's a good example of how foreign foods and british ones are hard to tell apart . 
  most people would n't see it as a british food . 
  ah i see , yeah that is rather extreme , but i suppose their anti-terrorist philosophy must be something along the lines of `` do to the terrorists what they do to you '' . 
  the whole problem with these secret us prisons is n't that they torture terrorists or maybe even kill them , it 's that there have been many innocent people also tortured by them with no evidence to legally keep them locked up . 
  it 's a system that has gotten out of control . 
  it 's not just russia that do n't negotiate with terrorists . 
  i do n't think the uk does either , and there have been many times when the sas or counter terrorism squads have dealt with terrorists harshly and efficiently . 
  wow that thing looks like a rocket . 
  it 's kinda ugly but also looks cool in its own way . 
  i 'm not a fan of how they built the top of it either , but i believe it 's to go along with the whole idea of it looking like a sharp shard of glass stuck in the ground . 
  yeah towers are in their own category . 
  there 's a similarly sized radio tower in northern england called emley moor transmitting station which i believe is taller than the shard ( may be wrong about that though ) but because it only has a few floors of habitable space it does n't count as a skyscraper or building officially . 
  so you 're going to argue semantics now ? 
  you know what i meant , and should be able to reasonably assume that i 'm not a 90 year old wwii veteran ... 
  but it was our finest hour . 
  if britain did n't stand up to the nazis no one else in europe could have , and they most likely would n't have been defeated . 
  war was the only real choice , or are you saying we should have done what hitler hoped and allied with him to avoid fighting ? 
  britain have had morally questionable roles in many wars , but i do not believe wwii was one of them . 
  of course the germans do n't celebrate their part in the war . 
  they were the ones who caused it by committing horrific atrocities . 
  it 's seen very differently here in the uk . 
  we celebrate that the whole country came together in the face of a seemingly unstoppable dictator and did everything they could to stop him . 
  that sounds like a potential disaster . 
  take a country that has a large military , nuclear weapons , nationalistic population , and an aggressive leader . 
  then starve them until the population hates the west and the only way the leader can stay in power is to start a war . 
  perfect idea !, 
  since when has europe always requested american protection ? 
  the world wars do n't really count since they were exceptional circumstances , but other than that i ca n't think of an example . 
  if anything , america drag european countries into unnecessary conflicts . 
  if my point is correct , and i really have `` broken his placebo effect '' the headaches are placebo 's anyway , so he should neither get the headache or be able to cure the headache with some prayer thing . 
  pretty sure that 's the placebo effect . 
  if you think you 're going to get a headache from something , you probably will , and if you think your headache has been cured , your head will stop hurting . 
  i really hope you 're trolling or something . 
  if not you 've got some issues and you 're a blatant racist ... 
  how is this about white supremacy ? 
  so are you saying that giving gibraltar back to spain , a largely white country that also holds multiple overseas territories and took part in the slave trade and `` evils done by the white man '' , it would somehow fix everything ? 
  gibraltar is an important strategic position for the uk and i highly doubt it will be given back any time soon . 
  how about spain give back all their territories as well ? 
  it 's such a cowardly thing to do , to execute someone for fighting on the other side of a conflict when they 've already surrendered . 
  it 's not about whether my argument makes sense to you , it 's simply a fact . 
  regardless of whether it makes sense or not , the uk is * not * very pro-eu compared to many european countries . 
  i myself am happy to be part of the eu because it has many benefits and good points . 
  the thing i do n't like is how many people in the eu seem to be trying to become almost like the united states , when that is clearly not going to work well . 
  as for the `` they '' and `` us '' thing , i think it 's down to history . 
  i still think we have more in common than we do with any other countries such as the us , and we have many shared beliefs with other eu countries , but on the other hand i would n't think of someone from germany or spain as `` one of us '' . 
  people from other eu countries are still very much foreign to me , and the language barrier enforces that . 
  we do but it varies a lot . 
  i 'm pretty sure every person in the country has learned about henry viii and the tudor dynasty , but many wo n't have learned of the british empire very much at all , even though it has been such a huge part of not only british , but world history . 
  also , a european history in the uk is never going to foster ideas of being united with europe in the uk , as we 've been fighting one european country or another for thousands of years until very recently . 
  oh yeah , and that 's just a small portion of the people treated like shit there . 
  non-muslims ( unless they 're rich , of course ) and women are also treated like dirt ... 
  maybe benevolent to rich arab men , but it 's not like that for anyone else there ... 
  reading this makes me wonder if all this panic and outrage about russia 's actions is just way over-sensationalised or even propaganda .
