  it * is * true that they have n't even killed anyone in this `` invasion '' , and it 's also correct that this new government is hardly legitimate . 
  the only reason it 's been treated as legitimate is because the eu and us support them over the old one . 
  that 's not to say i agree with everything russia 's doing , but it seems the more i look into it , the less it becomes `` russia being aggressive and violently imposing their power on other countries '' , and the more it becomes `` eu and us does n't agree with russia so they 're making them seem like the bad guys '' . 
  they have but clearly the knife they took a stab at it with is pretty blunt , because anyone can still get on any torrent site in like 20 seconds . 
  so that 's why the first person i thought of when i saw him was mads mikkelsen ... 
  the greeks had some amazing sculptors capable of making incredibly realistic statues , so i do n't think it was beyond their capabilities to study the muscles of the human body and figure out how to realistically exaggerate them . 
  they may not have had good medical and biological knowledge back then , but they had almost certainly cut up dead bodies and studied muscles and anatomy well enough to know the correct shapes to make and how muscles work . 
   systematically obstructive on any important eu initiative . 
  maybe the reason for those actions is n't to be `` obstructive '' but is simply a difference in opinion on how things should be run . 
  the uk is an equal partner in the eu and as such has the right to vote as it pleases on issues and initiatives , even if that goes against what the great and almighty germany demands . 
  so far i think the uk has been right in many of those decisions . 
  the euro and schengen are two examples that have caused a lot of problems in europe but none in the uk due to opting out of them . 
  the only thing argentina want to talk about is the sovereignty of the islands , and that 's the only issue the uk wo n't compromise on , so what 's the point of talking when we already know how it will go ? 
  maybe if they did n't invade and cause the deaths of over 200 british soldiers the uk might be more interested in talking . 
  the way i see it , they ca n't be trusted , and demilitarising the islands would be a bad idea . 
   afaik only argentina seems to make noise about this issue over there . 
  have n't heard anything from say , the brazilians or chile . 
  argentina have caused similar problems ( on a smaller scale though ) with chile over territory , so if anything chile is probably more sympathetic towards the uk on the falklands issue . 
  the french are already burning shit over minor strikes and market competition , i imagine faced with a thatcher type leader they 'd go into a full on revolution and burn the country to the ground . 
  i find it interesting how many people my age ( 20 ) hate thatcher and were pleased when she died . 
  they never even lived through her time as pm and as far as i know none are from families with a coal mining background , yet they go on and on about how she was literally hitler ( i 've heard people compare her to hitler , seriously ) . 
  i do n't really have any strong opinion on her since i was n't around when she was pm , but from most of what i 've read and seen , it seems like the reforms she made were largely necessary to bring britain into the modern world and stop a rapid decline , and the unions were as much at fault for the mess that happened as she was . 
  that 's all well and good until the police can no longer handle the situation . 
  this migrant crisis is getting out of control fast and it 's clear the police are overwhelmed . 
  that 's when the military is supposed to help . 
  they help in humanitarian crisis ' all over the world , so why not use them closer to home ? 
   according to sean parker , a startup no longer becomes a startup once he kills off the competition . 
  that sounds like an awful definition of a startup . 
  does that mean companies like canon , nikon , samsung , apple , ea , ubisoft , etc are startups as well ? 
  they have n't killed off their competition and are in heavily competed markets , so according to that definition ... 
   the bigger problem , to me and many others here , is a perceived lack of integration , a lack of empathy with british/european values * this * is the big issue here . 
  it 's not just that they have n't integrated , it 's that they seem to actively push against integration . 
  the younger generations are becoming more and more extreme and separating themselves from western society . 
  this is completely different from all the other immigrant groups who have integrated well over time , and it 's pretty worrying . 
  what are the * next * generation going to be like ? 
  edit : obviously i know not all muslims are like this . 
  there are many that have integrated well , but it seems to be a much bigger problem than with any other immigrant group . 
  i have to disagree about 1940 's germany winning . 
  the technological difference is huge and the * only * area where that would be challenging and closely fought would be on the ground , but both air and sea power would be entirely wiped out by modern weaponry . 
  while the ground troops would be fairly even in many ways , modern air power would totally wipe out any supply routes and wear down the army in no time . 
  cameron is actually pro-eu and just wants to negotiate a better deal for the uk within the eu , as are most people in government , and at least in my experience most regular people . 
  do you really blame the uk for wanting an organisation that they pay massive amounts of money into and take part in to be more beneficial to their interests ? 
  you can live in your fantasy world where that would happen , but for everyone else living in the real world , that 's just not a possibility in the foreseeable future . 
  the most pro-eu countries are supportive of how the eu works because * it benefits them * , not because it 's good for everyone else . 
  the most anti-eu countries are against it because it has a negative impact on them , or at least seems to . 
  the uk is somewhere in the middle . 
  it has n't greatly benefited from the eu , but has n't been negatively impacted either . 
  forgive people in the uk for wanting an organisation that they pay massive amounts of money into and take part in to be more beneficial to their interests . 
  i did n't downvote you , that was someone else . 
  i think you 're the ` butthurt ' one here , i was just pointing it out and you 're whining about it as if i 've personally insulted you . 
  yes i know that , that 's why i said many foreigners refer to it as that . 
  we compete in many sports as gb , and lots of athletes from the uk end up competing as gb , so it makes for some confusion . 
  it is probably quite confusing for a foreigner though , to figure out what is and is n't in the uk . 
  for example , ireland is part of the british isles geographically , but not great britain the country which is often used interchangeably by foreigners to refer to the uk or england . 
  northern ireland is part of ireland , but is politically part of the uk and separate from the republic of ireland . 
  that 's further complicated by the uk being made up of multiple other countries , one of which is in ireland . 
  i 'm sure most people in the uk and ireland do n't have a clue about the czech republic politically and geographically either , so it 's fair enough . 
  the uk has over 3 times the population of the whole of scandinavia , the place most well known for having lots of attractive people , so i do n't think population has much to do with it . 
  yep , romans , normans , saxons , vikings , just to name the most obvious ones . 
  britain has been a popular place for invasions and settlers for thousands of years . 
  but 50 years ago was different circumstances . 
  wwii was not long ago , europe was changing fast and drastically , and the future was uncertain with the ussr still a threat and another world war a very serious possibility . 
  now though , there has been peace for a long time , everyone is kind of comfortable with how things already are and there is n't much of an incentive to make sweeping changes , and further integration is starting to require countries to give up parts of their sovereignty , something that most will be very apprehensive about doing . 
  things will be much slower because of that . 
  in which part do i `` apologise '' for him ? 
  i do n't particularly like any of the candidates so do n't feel any need to defend any of them . 
  it 's just stupid how in these weeks running up to the election everyone will jump on every word they say and read way too far into it . 
  loads of people are going on about this as some kind of `` freudian slip '' or evidence that he 's purely a career politician , but to be honest he 's right . 
  this is the closest election we 've had for a very long time and it * is * career defining for all the main candidates . 
  chances are , whoever loses might never get another chance to run for pm again , and the two main parties have never had so much competition from other smaller parties , such as snp and ukip . 
  i mean , labour has lost popularity in pretty much the whole of scotland in the 5 years since the last election , and the conservatives are under threat from ukip . 
  looking back it really was a huge and risky decision for britain to oppose the germans instead of joining them . 
  if both had been allied together they probably could have easily taken on any other country in the world and won , including the us and russia . 
  anyway , the us probably would n't have gotten involved in the war in europe if it was n't for them being allies with the uk and having the british mainland as a safe base for their european operations , so we 'd have a * very * different world right now if the uk had joined the axis powers . 
  i think that would only be an unpopular opinion with many americans . 
  in most european countries the police are much more restrained and operate on a totally different philosophy to the us police . 
  the difference is that the british concentration camps were used for a real strategic purpose and only became so bad through poor management and diseases , whereas the german ones were made purely to work people to death in horrific conditions on purpose . 
  this is total nonsense . 
  a longbow would n't go through one person , let alone 5 . 
  just watch any video about arrow penetration , it does n't even come close to what you claim . 
  it was because things started getting bitter . 
  when all you see on the news and hear from scottish people is how much they want to leave the uk and that they 'd do better on their own , do you really expect everyone to stay nice and polite and beg you to stay ? 
  i know that most scots were n't being bitter and insulting , but the vocal minority definitely were . 
  yeah / r/unitedkingdom is just a left wing echo-chamber when it comes to anything political . 
  i avoid any politics comment sections on there now due to how one sided every argument is on there . 
   they can check that attitude at the airport gate or get on the first plane back . 
  this is why the vetting process must go beyond `` hes not a baddie '' it has to delve deep in to the mind and bring to the surface the core beliefs of the migrants . 
  what makes you think they will answer these questions truthfully when they are investigated ? 
  yeah they might not be well educated , but they 're not stupid . 
  they 'll tick the boxes we want them to tick , learn which answers are right , and on paper they will be a model immigrant . 
  do you really someone will tick the box that says `` i hate the west and all of its values '' , regardless of whether that actually believe it or not ? 
  no one is going to say their honest beliefs , just like in an interview you 'd never tell the employer your * real * biggest weaknesses . 
  they 'll tell you what you want to hear and we will have no way to know otherwise . 
  i think the simple fact is that we * ca n't * weed out these people and ideologies in immigration checks . 
  the only people we will catch are the obvious `` baddies '' or the unfortunate lot who were actually honest enough to put their true beliefs , which wo n't matter because the smarter and more dangerous ones will get through . 
  it only takes a handful of smart manipulators to spread hateful ideologies to a whole generation of kids at a local community centre or mosque , and enough of those people are here to do that already . 
  the main point of my comment is that the guy i replied to seems to think the main point of the quote he replied to is that banning homosexuality would reduce terrorism when absolutely * nothing * in that quote even implied that . 
  as for what you 're saying , there 's a very big difference between old people who are homophobic and uncomfortable with gays , and a significant number of muslims thinking that homosexuals should be killed . 
  remember that in many of the countries muslims are coming from to europe , homosexuals , adulterers , people leaving islam , etc * are * killed for it . 
  this is n't just a belief written in a book , or even comparable to some old people complaining about gays being immoral , this is a practice * actively * carried out in many countries .
