  i agree that the anti side tried to make the vote about a lot of different things , but mostly to make the vote about larger issues rather than the issue at hand . 
  the pro side lied about what the treaty is . 
  like that this treaty somehow is n't a step towards eu membership . 
  sure it is n't mentioned explicitly as it is in other similar treaties , but unless they are somehow saying that eu membership is off the table completely forever then this treaty is very much a step towards eu membership . 
  like that this treaty is necessary to combat corruption in ukraine rather than the corruption being a good reason to avoid this treaty . 
  yes the other side also sells a lot of bullshit but to me not a blatant as the pro side, 
  i think they would 've ignored the outcome no matter what turnout it would 've been or how many voted against unless it was a clear and overwhelming majority of eligible voters . 
  since the referendum is nonbinding they certainly will try to estimate how the general population feels , but if they go against the referendum they are also sending a message . 
  these are the 30 % that will most likely always vote . 
  many will be getting the message ( or affirmed in their beliefs ) that the government does not respect the people . 
  really no matter what happens it will hurt this government . 
  also , dutch people love to hate their government . 
  it 's an affront if it actually lasts out its whole term . 
  for the people not voting , we can not base decisions on those who do not wish to participate . 
  what the non voters position is is that they have invalidated their opinion . 
  there are probably those that oppose either the concept of referendum itself or the political system as a whole . 
  they can be dismissed as they actively choose not to participate . 
  not voting to possibly sabotage the referendum ? 
  then you still have n't defined for or against , but the against does n't want to sabotage so let 's call them for . 
  you had your chance you invalidated your vote by choice . 
  those who simply do n't care , simply do n't care . 
  regardless of the reason you do n't vote , when you do n't vote your voice is less important and by your own choice . 
  only those opposed to the system itself have some excuse but then they probably seek other means of changing the system , outside of the current system altogether . 
  you do n't even have to like the referendum . 
  it is part of the law however , so go ahead and ignore it but that means we do n't have to take your opinion into account because we asked and you did n't want to participate . 
  vote yes , vote no , vote blank , i respect that . 
  non voters who think their opinion still counts , i do n't respect that . 
   not to mention that the campaigning from the ` against ' camp has been above annoying over the past few months . 
  have n't really noticed very much campaigning at all ( but i do n't watch television either ) . 
  what i did notice was the putin posters and an announcement that there would be a referendum ( and maybe one anti poster but nothing memorable ) . 
  i also read articles in the news in which the pro side tells blatant lies , half truths , misdirections and these were quite often from the ministers . 
  well , one generation . 
  it 's actually pretty predictable . 
  second and even third generation tends to be not fully of any culture , or at least not fully accepted as such . 
  so they go to extremes . 
  which is n't always a problem but it can be obviously . 
  it does n't help if immigrants do n't assimilate well . 
  which is the bigger issue with this immigrant wave . 
  it 's not the resources but it 's hard if not impossible to assimilate these large numbers . 
  but you ca n't say that because racist . 
  tell me , how many ? 
  you do know these were n't immigrants right ? 
  that they were born in belgium ? 
  that they are the the children of immigrants but from morroco not syria ? 
  blaming ourselves ? 
  i do n't see any of that in the dutch media . 
  well if you want to get pedantic about it , they certainly are borders by some definition of the term . 
  just as your lawn has a border . 
  you forgot the part where holland is the capital of copenhagen . 
  do we even have to teach you how to be bad at geography ? 
  or blow something up . 
  christian terrorism does exist . 
  if you are going to call him out then do n't twist his words . 
  he said these cases were used as propaganda not that a warning is propaganda . 
  additionally , he is n't wrong about that either . 
  does that justify not reporting the information ? 
  probably not . 
  i actually had the opportunity to meet the previous european commission ( well some of them ) and they were very clear that a federal europe was the goal . 
  this is not a hidden goal at all , he is right on that one point . 
  actually i think the mechanism is moving to fast . 
  the end goal is admirable but they do n't want to take the time to do it right , they want to do it now . 
  it would have been better , imo , to group countries more closely aligned economically and politically . 
  yes that would lead to multiple smaller `` eu '' 's but then those could work together for a larger goal . 
  instead everyone must be included now and everyone must have the same standards and laws . 
  i also think that power should be as decentralized as possible , so the more power goes to higher entity the more i distrust it . 
  hey now , willie is much better looking than trump !, 
  i think it 's time to dig up that insulting the king law ... 
  you 're right . 
  i suppose that has to be declared first , which they obviously did . 
  it may not have been legal , but do n't rely on my knowledge . 
  i remember some years ( decades ? ), 
  back they tried to do passport controls on trains between germany and the netherlands ( do n't remember on which side of the border ) . 
  this was handily struck down by a judge because schengen . 
  well i do n't know enough to really say what would 've happened . 
  without the war there may not have been a revolution . 
  or there would 've been one but with a different outcome . 
  but yeah , the government was n't very in touch with the people so most likely something would have happened . 
  one of the major reasons for ww1 was that germany was afraid that if they waited too long then russia would be too modernized and thus too powerful . 
  also , the tsar and his regime has been demonized , not that they were all that great , but probably not as bad as his enemies made him look . 
  it ca n't be known how things would 've developed absent the war or the revolution . 
  it seems unlikely that russia would 've remained a pure agrarian society . 
  i hate this argument . 
  nuclear weapons and the soviet union had more to do with the relative peace in europe than the eu . 
  even if he was right , it does not justify any current or future policies . 
  come to that , we have quite a history of genocide in europe perpetrated by governments . 
  basically he is threatening war if you do n't get in line . 
  apparently they use that horrendous , in my opinion , name because ` dutch ' was used as a pejorative in english . 
  that is the stock answer . 
  perhaps the answer lies in treating people right not in creating an unaccountable elite . 
  i would n't . 
  if that ever happened with diplomats it would cause all relations to be broken and possibly start a war . 
  i do n't believe that is a real issue . 
  even if it was i do n't believe anyone should be allowed immunity from the law . 
  it goes against the very concept that everyone is equal under the law . 
  yet another reason why diplomatic immunity should not be a thing . 
  if a diplomat ca n't be trusted to obey traffic regulations then how can you trust them on bigger issues ? 
  it really was n't , but those are the best . 
  i mean here as in this thread . 
  who cares why they attacked the other gang , or why the other gang attacked the first one . 
  it does n't make either of them look good .
