   no , that 's majority rule , not democracy . 
  that 's democracy . 
   plenty of dictators held elections to get in power . 
  they 're not democracies , and if you want to use the word as such most statements about democracy make no sense . 
  so that 's not what the word means . 
  a democracy can vote itself out of being a democracy . 
  that does n't mean it was n't a democracy up to that point . 
  by your definition democracy is merely whatever we happen to like . 
  at least , i have no other concept to hold on to as you deny the most basic defining characteristic of democracy , which is majority rule whether you like it or not . 
   the protection of minorities is an important part of democracy , as are inviolable rights no they are n't . 
  throughout most of history `` democracy '' has been limited to a subset of the population . 
  protection of minorities is a very modern concept and not essential to democracy , merely essential to the values the majority adheres to . 
  if the majority votes for the systematic elimination of a minority group that is both reprehensible ( to me ) and democratic . 
  the only rights prescribed by democracy is the right to a political voice for all enfranchised members of society . 
  everything else is to be decided by consensus . 
  perhaps the fact that countries fail to reach a consensus is a good reason against centralization . 
  forcing further integration will break the union up for sure . 
  we should consolidate what we have and consider that in timelines of decades if not centuries, 
  that 's true , helping homeless people become productive should pay off in the longer term . 
  also the home office can finance local projects ca n't they ? 
  jail does n't solve the problem . 
  you want things to be easy and confuse that with pragmatic . 
  however , homelessness and it 's causes is not something a criminal justice system is equipped to handle . 
  you are advocating the service to do things it is not meant to do . 
  so homeless , possibly mentally fragile people are put in with criminals . 
  they will be treated like criminals . 
  and then they get pushed out of jail no better than when they entered . 
  so this is n't solving problems . 
  if you want to address homelessness address homelessness . 
  just calling them all dysfunctional tells me you are more interested in keeping them out of your life than actually helping them . 
   are you aware that it 's criminal to be homeless in the uk : today ? 
  why : because the public would rather house the homeless in warm jail cells and prisons where they can be fed than have them abused on the streets no . 
  if they cared about homeless they could feed and house them directly . 
  jail is not a cheap or pragmatic solution . 
  it 's more of an out of sight out of mind solution . 
  you are being very inconsistent . 
  you have no sympathy with people who do this , yet you had sleepless nights . 
  sure you have a right to be upset for someone making you worry , nothing wrong with that . 
  that 's not what you originally said . 
  you said no sympathy , she 's on her own . 
  no indication of worry , just callous indifference . 
  i hereby urge all of you to write your governments to boycott the world cup in qatar . 
  i honestly doubt it will have any effect , but not doing so will certainly have no effect . 
  i have already done so . 
  you are an awful person . 
  you would n't even help your own girlfriend ? 
  if you love someone you support them even when they do stupid things . 
   all in all it 's a bit early to paint qatar as evil morons no it is n't . 
  she reported a crime . 
  she was locked up . 
  her testimony is irrelevant in any case . 
  even assuming she is a fraud , that is an evil moronic legal system . 
  it is your right to think otherwise of course , but i disagree . 
  you are just like the qatari . 
  i hope you never get treated as you would have others . 
  you are a terrible person . 
  no , that is the definition . 
  the media is not controlled by the government . 
  nothing stops you from making your own media outlet , but no media outlet is required to be an open podium . 
  otherwise the government would have to control the media and that opens the door to censorship even more . 
  when has freedom of the press meant something else ? 
  freedom of the press is what preserves the `` fourth estate '' . 
  any government interference threatens it . 
  it 's not only not antidemocratic to say so , it is essential to a functioning democracy while self censorship may be a problem , it is a fundamental right when you are talking about freedom of the press . 
  seriously , i mean they also lied about that whole genocide thing / s, 
  freedom of the press means the government does n't interfere . 
  what private owners do is irrelevant . 
  mostly for turkey . 
  everyone is always saying that erdogan has europe by the balls with the refugee thing . 
  but turkey needs europe more than the other way around . 
  with pissing off russia , a war torn country on the other sideside , turkey is running out of friends and trading partners . 
  ah well , i suppose there is a basis for that , also a need from a legal pov ( mostly though for legitimacy when they established turkey ) . 
  but hey , i 'm proud of my country while recognizing there are some awful thing we did in even our recent history . 
  if you deny you even make mistakes you are completely untrustworthy . 
  the accusation is to the ottoman empire and the pashas . 
  does he see turkey as the ottoman empire ? 
  then he certainly mean a non-multi cultural empire , because the ottoman empire was very much multi cultural while turkey derives it 's name from a specific group . 
  he is pretty much admitting his approval of what happened . 
   in our history , there is nothing that we can be ashamed of . 
  really ? 
  how about sending hundreds of thousands of men over a mountain in the middle of winter without adequate supplies or equipment and then straight into the guns of the enemy ? 
  not ashamed of that at all ? 
  if there is any country that has nothing in its history to be ashamed of it 's probably because it does n't exist . 
  this statement alone is enough to know he is lying or deluded . 
  no you 're an asshole for the tone of your response and for attributing what someone else said to me . 
  you 're right , the ignorance is palpable . 
  i never said and scenario , i even qualified in general . 
  such nuance is lost on you apparently , but you seem more interested in internet rage so that makes sense . 
  i see you think your job is about networking , about your career and probably how much money you will make . 
  the inferiority of the foreign hospitals does n't seem to be about your skills . 
  i also never said anything about the costs . 
  what would studying abroad get you ? 
  how about social skills that are n't about you getting ahead . 
  i hate to break it to you , but as a doctor you will have to deal with these things called patients and they do n't give a fuck about how well you networked . 
  how about a broader cultural context , so maybe you can understand why those foreign patients at differently . 
  how about just general world experience for the sake of experience . 
  you really think any of this even affects your career negatively ? 
  are talking a small part of your life , this wo n't derail you . 
  it may even open opportunities . 
  you could have shared experience with a doctor you want to work for or with .
