  for all i know the german government changed their mind based on public reaction . 
  also , this is n't parliamentary discussion . 
  this is an informal public discussion . 
  it 's also a very big thing to get wrong unless you are part of the fringe media . 
  it is perfectly logical and acceptable to discuss the story as the . 
  immer gerade aus but leave the bike , you still owe my grandfather one . 
  yeah lots of fun . 
  next time try actually responding to the content and leave the insults at home . 
  and again it is you avoiding the issue . 
  what point ? 
  i already addressed everything you said and got insults and evasions in return . 
  what point am i failing to address ? 
   bad practices will lead you to be excluded , including in israel . 
  what does israel have to with it ? 
  they are neither french nor western european . 
   now stop backpedaling so giving concrete examples of what i meant is backpedaling ? 
  i do n't think you understand how this discussion thing works . 
   get back to counting your `` muh 5 quintillions '' . 
  what ? 
  because i have jewish ancestors i must be a greedy rich person ? 
  you 're actually using a racial slur to prove how tolerant you are ? 
   is fair to point out that european jews , hindus . 
  sikhs , rastafarians etc do not have a modern reputation for pushing the wedge for changing their host cultures . 
  true ( though i have little knowledge of the other religions in europe ) . 
  in fact i do n't think jews ever wanted change other cultures so much as be apart from them . 
  integration seems a very modern thought . 
   even though france was occupied and suffered from germany . 
  completely irrelevant to french and more to the point western european anti semitism . 
   you are ridiculous , and the shamelessness with which you manipulate the death of millions to feel superior speak for yourself . 
  i was n't referring to the holocaust . 
  the history of jews in europe does n't begin and end there . 
  jews were restricted in where they could live and what professions they could do long before the holocaust . 
  you are the one with a narrow bigoted view . 
  while this one policy does not a fascist make , it does fit well in fascist thought . 
  there also really is n't one accepted definition of fascism , so it makes any claim for or against hard to attack or defend . 
   overtly manifests adherence to a religion at a time when france and places of worship are the target of terrorist attacks so do n't show religious adherence because religion is under attack ? 
  they meant muslim in the first and christian in the second . 
   what 's unusual is seeing such polarisation in western europe manifesting itself in law is it though ? 
  my jewish ancestors do n't agree . 
  no thank you . 
  we are in no way ready for a federation . 
  that will lead to the breakup of the european union or a dictatorship . 
  we lack the leadership and the public support for such a move . 
  we would be better off getting back to the eec than forward to federation . 
   last month , mep sion simon asked the commission to disclose its numbers of unpaid interns . 
  the result ; as of 1 june 2016 , the european commission had no less than 200 unpaid interns , a full quarter of its total . 
   last month , mep sion simon asked the commission to disclose its numbers of unpaid interns . 
  the result ; as of 1 june 2016 , the european commission had no less than 200 unpaid interns , a full quarter of its total . 
  internships when done properly are often not financially interesting . 
  you spend time and money on someone who is expected to produce some academic result to be graded on . 
  many interns are used as free labor rather than actually training or educating them . 
  in fields where labor is scarce a smart company will use internships to find talent. , but other than that it is a broken system . 
  at least , that 's my take in the netherlands, 
  not just meps according to the article . 
  it specifically mentions institutions such as the european commission . 
  was it me ? 
  i think it was me . 
  i have these periods every day that i barely remember . 
  every day for about eight hours . 
  if it was me , then i 'm sorry . 
  you rang ? 
  nigel had a lesser known bus that said otherwise . 
  are you calling him a liar ? 
   isds does not let you sue for ` democratic decisions ' but for discriminative treatment or unlawful expropriation . 
  which is a matter of how you see it . 
  simply not allowing the use of chemicals not proved to be safe could lead to a suit . 
  which will not be decided by public courts with no right to appeal . 
  neither approach is good . 
  austerity is just plain dumb , but the american approach is to give more money to the culprits and not do anything to prevent future crises . 
  not that europe has done much to prevent future crises . 
  if you are n't rich you 're basically screwed . 
  it 's really to early to say that . 
  the year is not over . 
  even if there are more murders this year , it remains to be seen what the years after that bring . 
  a trend is over multiple data points , one aberration does not break it . 
  be glad if a bad thing is on the news . 
  only unusual events are worth reporting on . 
  well , except for the cucumber news . 
  the trolls moved to reddit . 
  i do n't think they have jurisdiction . 
  that would be the cia . 
  amongst other factors , reputation plays a role . 
  we 're just gon na have to agree to disagree . 
  whatever form of democracy you care to identify , be it athenian or modern there are shared characteristics else the term loses all meaning . 
  switzerland did n't give women a vote until the nineties and yet that was a democracy . 
  plenty of modern democracies do n't give a voice to all residents . 
   essentially democracy is ruling in the interest of its citizens a benevolent dictatorship fits that definition . 
  it is not a defining characteristic of democracy , else a democracy could not decide to act against its own interests . 
  it would be more accurate to say rule according to the desires of its citizens . 
  you are defining democracy as being equal to some vague ideal of current implementations , but it is n't the specific details that make it a democracy , but the general form . 
  it is arbitrary , as is any definition . 
  it is , simply , that the people have a voice in the politics of the country , even if that is a subset of the people . 
  it certainly is not a system that conforms to whatever moral beliefs you hold dear . 
  thinking of it like you do leads to endless accusations of undemocratic behavior as a political ploy to discredit people or policies you disagree with . 
  which happens constantly and only serves to dilute the meaning and stifle debate on real issues . 
   the meaning of democracy evolves . 
  we would n't consider the 19th century democracies , or the athenian democracy , democracies today . 
  then what is democracy ? 
  your definition is a moving target . 
  this makes any conversation difficult if not impossible as you can change the definition at your convenience .
