  unfortunately the alternative is wilders or the sp , and the sp are seen as crazies by everyone who does n't support them . 
  to be fair the sp is far to totalitarian for my taste , but i 'll vote sgp before i vote wilders . 
  unfortunately , things are not looking so well here . 
  for change people will vote for an anti democratic , xenophobic , fear mongering nationalist . 
  nothing will be worse than voting wilders into office , including if we all went full on christian fundamentalist . 
  i like the post , but i agree it 's in the wrong place . 
  true, 
  turkey joining the eu wo n't happen without the eu either falling apart or turning into a totalitarian state . 
  there was a time when turkey was moving closer to the eu , but erdogan has ruined that . 
  it may have been an issue for the british , but like many others a false one . 
  except they are n't protecting democracy . 
  the referendum was non binding . 
  this too is something that has effect on how people vote . 
  to leave such a huge decision on a simple majority is ridiculous in the first place . 
  having the vote be so close is major reason for the politicians to use their discretion as is the intent with a non binding referendum . 
  how many people voted brexit thinking it was just a protest vote but it would never happen because the government has the final word . 
  while i detest the practice of repeating referendums to get the result you want in this case the vote was so close that refusing a new referendum is very undemocratic . 
  there is not a clear brexit mandate . 
  it 's perfectly valid to not follow the results of the referendum , and i would argue that it is more correct to do so . 
  the referendum was always non binding . 
  thus it is fair to say that at least some people voted with that in the back of their mind . 
  the vote was so close it can hardly be called fair to blindly follow the results . 
  to me , this is undemocratic . 
  sure , dicks out for harambe . 
  meanwhile no one knows if schrodingers cat is even alive and no one wants to look . 
  meanwhile , here in amsterdam we are still waiting for a new metro line , which is more than double over budget and late . 
  they have redone some of the central station metro and marketed it as a station without compare . 
  yeah , maybe in utilitarian ugliness which also fails at the utilitarian part . 
  it 's what i said . 
  the problem is n't democracy . 
  france made it so that you had to have school in french , do business in french , produce french media ... areas that 70 years ago people spoke german , dutch or any other non french language now barely remember that that was ever the case . 
  this is not inherent to democracy , though it is a bit to bureaucracy . 
  the netherlands has 2 official languages , but also a number of recognized regional dialects . 
  these regional dialects do not get too much recognition because of the cost and the difficulty in maintaining cohesion . 
  even the frisians must learn dutch ( but not the other way around ) . 
  but france does n't allow even that much . 
  learn it from your parents if you must , but do not ever use it outside the personal sphere , this is the law of the land . 
  france actively suppressed minority cultures making it all but illegal to practice their language and culture while enforcing `` french '' culture . 
  that is not multicultural society by any definition . 
   also it 's mostly the uk egg industry that is talked about , while eu regulations are barely mentioned the uk is part of the eu and thus under eu regulation . 
  yes . 
  yes you do . 
  i have no choice but to charge you under poe 's law . 
  i think they can and they will . 
  also that they must and do n't have the leverage or the luxury to make a great deal . 
  i think they can and they will . 
  also that they must and do n't have the leverage or the luxury to make a great deal . 
   even if you were against brexit , and i was , i honestly think people should be quietly pleased that the uk is actually having the balls to follow through with the public 's wishes . 
  no , i see it as a failure of democracy . 
  with the polling that close , and the referendum being advisory , i think it was the governments duty to reevaluate the relationship but not to end it . 
  we are considering your proposal to imagine . 
  the the french , italian , spanish , portuguese and greek governments are in favor . 
  the dutch and german do n't imagine , but are willing to form a committee to study it . 
  luxemburg is offering an imagination tax haven . 
  the belgians are willing but the flemish and walloon will only take opposite positions . 
  we 're still polling the rest . 
  we 'll get back to you sometime next year on your proposal . 
  68 % 27 out of 40 . 
  but that 's ok , a danish girl once broke my heart . 
  yeah , maybe . 
  but when you guys speak it 's all greek to me . 
  take the shame , man, 
  i do n't disagree , just the source was misleading . 
  buildings in europe apparently also include buildings in asia in countries with land in europe . 
  the size listed is the total size of kazakhstan , not just the european part . 
  footnote not withstanding , the size listed is the same as the size listed in the page for kazakhstan . 
  everybody has a bad reputation on holiday , but you were trashing the dutch so you got some back . 
  get off your high horse . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  travel companies in the uk market cheap trips to amsterdam with parties and drugs as strong implications because * that is what the british youth want * . 
  is amsterdam a good party town ? 
  yes . 
  however you are expected to behave and only the british are especially known for not doing so . 
   do n't make the claim then ... 
  it was n't a claim , it was a supposition . 
   now why ca n't we just get the german one , if it were really tailored for our market , they would n't tailor the ingredients but the prices for our less , than your welfare , wages the store where you buy this sets this price . 
  they buy the product or most likely they are part of a large chain that buys it in bulk . 
  that 's where you should look for your answers , at least at first . 
  it 's possible that these chains do not make good deals with the manufacturer so that they are paying more than the german chains . 
  it could be lack of competition that lets them set higher prices . 
  maybe they just do n't sell enough so they price it higher just for having it available . 
  perhaps there are more parties in between the store and the manufacturer so there are more markups . 
  the price is set so that everyone from manufacturer to retail makes money . 
  they only care about maximizing their profit , not about general availability . 
  those prices are set by the market not the manufacturer . 
  is it the wholesale price that is different ? 
  difficulty to compare as well , as i would expect the larger bar to be cheaper per volume than the smaller one . 
  impossible to regulate unless you regulate all prices . 
  which is a horrible idea . 
   what local issues pray tell ? 
  i do n't know . 
  there may be regulations on what can come from where . 
  there may be restrictions or benefits on using resources from a certain source . 
  there may be taxes that influence it . 
   i 'm not saying the corporations are discriminating or some such emotional bull . 
  but it should be clear and transparent that they 're misleading the public on a sub-par product . 
  i agree , but it 's not that simple . 
  already it is required to list ingredients and nutrition information . 
  but a brand is not the same as a product , even if it seems that way . 
  otherwise a change in the composition of kit kat ( for example ) would require a change in brand or an expensive review process that would also compromise market advantage .
