  i actually vote sp . 
  i have more respect for the vvd than the other large parties but do n't agree with their politics . 
  cda and pvda are untrustworthy . 
  the small christian parties i can also respect , they hold to their ideals , but i wo n't support them either . 
  pvdd i ca n't take seriously , but they also hold to their ideals . 
  i was pleased with the results of both , but not with the governments reaction to the first . 
  a referendum on a constitution seems essential to me . 
  the ukraine thing was silly , i agree , but it showed me a lot about the people . 
  i also think that the government is taking it seriously since they also could have said they considered it again and decided to go ahead anyway . 
  which would have been fine . 
  the so called constitution was just stripped of the name and rammed down our throats anyway . 
  every party has done their best to keep the sp out of the government . 
  they 've never gotten the chance , where as with wilders they bent over backwards to try and get him involved ... 
  which was a failure . 
  but their record in local politics shows that the sp is not just an opposition party . 
  i actually vote sp , but internally they do not allow dissent . 
  they were the first to introduce strict party discipline into dutch politics . 
  they have a very hierarchical organization and i am weary of that . 
  and i 'm sure roemer is nice , but by all accounts , so is wilders . 
  politicians tend to be charismatic . 
  let 's not pretend that dutch politics is anywhere near as dirty as american politics . 
  we 've had exactly two referenda in the netherlands in the last 200 years . 
  let 's not get carried away . 
  i am pro eu , but i do n't like the current eu or its direction . 
  i do think leaving the eu would do more harm than good . 
  but i do n't think a leave referendum would make it here . 
  but then , i did n't think brexit would make it , so what do i know ? 
  your analysis is pretty good however . 
  only the pvdd ( animal party ) comes across as genuine to me . 
  and the small christian parties , but i do n't support their views . 
  but they are honest . 
  no , i do n't mean compromises . 
  i actually think the vvd is a more honest party than the pvda , who i consider to be the vvd in sheeps clothing . 
  i would vote vvd before pvda . 
  i do agree , and i say that in another comment . 
  it 's too easy too reject an opposing viewpoint , but we all fall into that trap at times . 
  i always vote . 
  if you do n't vote then you give away your political power . 
  i do n't respect them either . 
  any time they 've been in the government they failed to uphold their ideals . 
  like the infamous nacht van wiegel . 
  they talk a good game , but i see little follow through . 
  i also do n't support their stance on the eu , which is too federalist and to much too fast for me . 
  it 's not so strange really . 
  we are sometimes progressive , but there is always a limit to that . 
  and our politicians have done a bad job of being in touch with the populace . 
  or at least in showing it . 
  i answered him . 
  i stopped respecting them a long time ago . 
  they are to reactive rather than proactive . 
  halsema was the worst in denouncing things she should have ( and i think was ) aware of years before . 
  but only when the media focuses attention do they act outraged . 
  i have seen little change in this , but will admit to having stopped taking them seriously and thus following them . 
  i never said sexist or racist . 
  but yes , politics is the same everywhere . 
  well , it is great branding . 
  this has nothing to do with american politics . 
  that is worrisome on a whole other level . 
  they do not tolerate internal dissent . 
  i worry they would spread that to more general policies , but i have voted for them . 
  actually , his policy is almost like the socialist party , but xenophobic . 
  he wants out of the the eu , to take away the citizenship of criminals with dual nationality , shut down mosques . 
  he supposedly promotes dutch culture , but i do n't think dutch culture needs protection and certainly not his version of it . 
  trump is another level altogether , i do n't think they are comparable . 
  because democracy allows you to vote against democracy . 
  it 's almost like we 're all people . 
  we are n't of course , only we is people , them is animals . 
  i have no respect for groen links . 
  but , sadly , you may be right . 
  no , but that is n't even an issue . 
  as long as you are n't muslim , yes . 
  but i do n't know which way people will jump and there is growing dissatisfaction with the parties that have held power for the last couple of decades . 
  which has been basically some combination of the ` liberal ' party , the ` labor ' party and the christian democrats . 
  and yes the quotes are to indicate i do n't believe they actually support the political views they claim to stand for . 
  it 's looking that way , but this alone may convince people to vote differently . 
  actually they do , but the brexit was n't a binding referendum . 
  which is why i think it is actually not democratic to follow the results of the brexit blindly . 
  the result was too close and people voted knowing that it was n't binding . 
  but that is a different discussion . 
  i dislike wilders , but we still need to live with each other . 
  even as much as i disagree with someone , if i shit them out then there is no more discourse . 
  that leads to bad places as much as anything . 
  what ? 
  the majority still supports remaining in the eu . 
  voting vvd is voting status quo . 
  which is fine , it 's a choice . 
  vvd is however not a vote for change . 
  i do n't agree with choosing the vvd , but i respect it . 
  voting for wilders ... i ca n't say i respect that . 
  but i have to be careful , because that 's a polarizing viewpoint which is n't helpful either . 
  we still have to live and work together so merely dismissing pvv voters or politicians helps no one . 
  as much as i feel i want to . 
   `` oh ... atleast it 's not denk '' , 
   the outcome of that is predictable . 
  that 's what they said about brexit . 
  fortunately we have no binding referenda in the netherlands . 
  this is important , i am actually in favor of referenda , but still want the parliament to decide . 
  a referendum is only a weak signal on the will of the populace and only forces the government/parliament to reconsider an issue . 
  that 's because the vvd , pvda and cda have been lying to us for years . 
  not that i support wilders , but those three parties need to be ousted .
