i 'm sure this is not unique to your country , but it does n't mean that football is a bad choice . 
  just highlights the problems in some communities . 
  not sure if i agree . 
  on the face of it if sounds like a lottery . 
  but training and selection start at a young age . 
  by the time you need to decide to make a career of of it you will be part of a very small group . 
  the rest have learned a sport which is good for health at least . 
  also discipline and teamwork . 
  i think only those who are good but just not good enough will have a problem going this route . 
  even then you have a marketable skill as physical trainer or something . 
  but i have no data so thinks purely speculative . 
  we do n't do nature . 
  if we find nature in our country we contain it , study it , if it 's got water we pump it out , if it 's alive we explain to it the limited size of the land we put aside for it , unless it 's a tree in which case we cut it down or trim it into `` pleasing '' shapes , if it 's land we probably just finished pumping water out of it and finally we turn it into a tourist attraction which will soon be covered in american tourists exclaiming on the beauty of denmark . 
  where do i lodge a complaint about insults against apes ? 
  do we not have a party for the animals ? 
  are apes not protected from this kind of hate speech ? 
  i do n't mind the non european entries , the contest is open to ebu subscribers . 
  i just think the entries should be better and not all in english . 
  the contest is a joke now and has value as kitsch and politics rather than as a showcase of music . 
   it also adds ways for the case to be thrown out before even starting . 
  it is still a burden to be even accused . 
  lawyers are n't cheap for one . 
  it 's a draft law , so i ca n't give you instances where it has been abused . 
  look into any case with whistelblowers , these people have their lives ruined by any means . 
  taking someone to court even knowing you will lose is a harsh burden for an individual to face . 
  this adds a thing someone can be taken to court for , that should be obvious . 
  [ current ] ( https://whistleblowingnetwork.org/other-resources/europe/whistleblowing-in-europe/ ) whistleblower protection is weak in most places , and the application of those protections sketchy . 
  this law changes little about this but now there is an extra way to attack whistleblowers . 
  just because the law says nothing changes about current protections is not very encouraging . 
  it still lets companies bring these people to court and win or lose this hurts the whistleblower much more than it does the organization . 
  even disregarding legal fees , it takes time and energy to defend yourself . 
   can somebody who is more familiar with the side of the critics explain how they fear that these safeguards would be circumvented ? 
  ca n't sat that i really qualify , but current protections for whistleblowers , if they even exist at all , are poorly applied at best . 
  whistleblowing is a guaranteed way of ruining your life . 
  current laws protecting whistleblowers are very weak to non existent . 
  most eu countries have limited protection at best . 
  this law does add another weapon in the arsenal against them , but it is necessary as currently you are already screwed if you are a whistleblower . 
  just looking at my own country you see that doing the ethical thing , be it telling on a company , a whole sector of the economy or the government , is good way to bankruptcy and social isolation . 
  here 's a [ source ] ( https://whistleblowingnetwork.org/other-resources/europe/whistleblowing-in-europe/ ) fwiw . 
  there are more if you go look . 
  i really doubt this law compromises whistleblowers any more than they already are . 
  i also do n't think companies need more protection . 
  let 's get them to obey laws before we offer them more protection . 
  edit :  but it is necessary as currently you are already screwed if you are a whistleblower . 
  should be `` it is n't necessary '', 
   so it does n't look like it 's going to damn civil society at all , whistleblowers remain protected , and inventors and rnd groups get extra protection against people stealing their work . 
  in theory . 
  in practice , now without those new regulations , whistleblowers are more often than not destroyed for their actions . 
  so this really is another weapon to use against them , not that it is needed . 
  rather than expand companies protection for trade secrets they should make work of actually protecting them . 
  that 's their `` choice '' in a `` free '' society , just ask any libertarian . 
  not exactly . 
  the saudis were there long before the west and they are very much tied in with the clergy and need their support . 
  yes they certainly made deals with the west to gain control of the land they have now , but they do n't derive legitimacy from the west and would probably be in power anyway if the west had never come . 
   we dont compete with france or spain or italy but also with the us and far more importantly asia . 
  the point is to make france , spain and italy just as good as germany against the us and asia . 
  it 's us against them only now us is supposed to be larger . 
  edit : i do n't know how to do this properly . 
  yeah , but that 's a shell company . 
   the second one is not germany 's problem . 
  it is because that 's what the eu is about . 
  at least in theory . 
  i like the theory . 
  well we are the second or third largest exporter of agricultural products in the world . 
  which is huge when you look at the size . 
  not sure if rotterdam counts , but rotterdam is the largest port in europe so there is a lot of trade going through there . 
  i 've learned a healthy distrust of nutritional advice since i developed diabetes and started looking into it . 
  there is quite some good science around but so much more nonsense . 
  it 's extremely hard for a layperson to judge however . 
  it really raises the question as to what is a scientist . 
  surely physics and chemistry have had their issues ( phlogistons for one ) . 
  however the level of arrogance shown by these nutritional `` scientists '' makes me wonder what then gives some one the right to call themselves a scientist . 
  nothing of course , since the term is n't protected . 
  to me it is all about method and thus these people should be disqualified from using that term . 
  unfortunately there is no panel to determine what is science or who is a scientist . 
  which is probably a good thing but obviously in nutrition self regulation failed for a long time . 
  the us already requires a visa from europeans ... oh sorry and esta , the difference of which is mostly academic ... possibly mostly one of convenience . 
   honestly ? 
  wow , that 's a lot of deception and bullshit right there . 
   what you 're basically saying is you 're against a country becoming less corrupt and more economically prosperous because that would increase the chance of eu membership ... no i 'm saying that becoming less corrupt should precede the treaty and that doing the treaty first is not an incentive to become less corrupt . 
   and you 're saying the treaty is a move toward membership because it does n't explicitly say that it is n't . 
  seriously ? 
  no , they are saying it is n't a move towards eu membership because it is n't mentioned in the treaty . 
  which is a misdirection at best . 
  you simply can not make me believe eu membership is not on the agenda . 
  why lie about it ? 
   if ( big if ! ), 
  ukraine every joins the eu it will happen because they are ready for it and that is decades away . 
  this treaty does n't change that one way or another . 
  yes it does . 
   like that this treaty is necessary to combat corruption in ukraine rather than the corruption being a good reason to avoid this treaty . 
   many former soviet countries have made great strides combating corruption in part thanks to eu help . 
  it 's not perfect , and did n't work as well as hoped everywhere , but the chance of ukraine succeeding would go up . 
  there is enough corruption in the eu itself , maybe we should focus on that . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't help , i 'm saying this treaty wo n't help . 
   not wanting a treaty that helps right corruption because there is corruption now is extremely silly . 
  i 'm saying they should do something about the corruption first instead of handing out goodies in return for a promise to do something about corruption . 
  that 's rewarding corruption . 
   yes the other side also sells a lot of bullshit but to me not a blatant as the pro side  i could n't disagree more strongly !, 
  in fact the organizers of the referendum blatantly said they did n't care about ukraine , and they told lie after lie to steur up anti eu sentiments , told people wat they wanted to hear instead of what they needed to hear to make a well informed decision .
