  yes i can imagine where studying abroad is bad , but mostly in specific situations not in general . 
  i think you in particular should go since you need perspective . 
  but you wo n't . 
  you will go to conferences layer on life and pretend you 're traveling the world instead of touring conference rooms . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  studying abroad is not just about education in the field you are studying . 
  everyone who studies abroad comes back changed , usually for the better . 
  it 's an experience that broadens your horizons and i do n't see how that could be a bad thing ( in general ) . 
  well i wo n't say the french are n't big in cheese , and certainly on the public perception side of things . 
  a friend of mine goes to russia once or twice a year and he tells me cheese is like gold there , so i had an idea that what you said was n't 100 % right . 
  also dutch cheese is better than french . 
  cue cheese war . 
  or independent basque, 
   cheese , guess who the # 1 exporter in those markets if we are talking cheese , then the answer is the netherlands . 
  also , afaik the embargo included cheese and i ca n't find anything that says different . 
  i hear you there . 
  i left for years but came back because there 's no point in discussing with people who agree with you . 
  also , not everyone there is a racist , xenophobic hate monger . 
  but for pete 's sake , do n't mention sinterklaas . 
  it 's almost the godwin of the sitesite . 
  well evoting is n't safe . 
  how do you know the person voting is who they say they are or if they are being forced to vote in a certain way . 
  you can not guarantee the anonymity of a vote . 
  turks are european . 
  that will trigger most of europe . 
  it is never too early , you obviously do n't visit nu.nl . 
  you do negotiate with the eu on this point . 
  well , it 's complicated . 
  that 's why it 's a big issue that the us does not offer visa free travel to all eu member countries . 
  the reverse is true because of open borders . 
  however , it breaks the principle of reciprocity , which is a real ( political ) problem at the moment . 
   at least all in the netherlands to be fair , that 's only two referendums ... also the only two national referendums we 've ever had ( discounting anything that happened before the incarnation of the current state ) . 
  i still would n't call the netherlands particularly anti eu ... but that only makes the rejection by those two referendums more meaningful . 
  the eec was great . 
  the eu is being rammed down our throats . 
  they do n't want to take the time to do it right , meaning european integration would be a long process . 
  it has to be done as fast as possible . 
  why do n't we just call it the hre and be done with it ? 
  so then there is no sovereignty unless you are ( one of ) the most powerful nation ( s ) . 
  even then the powerful nations can dominate the weak , but they are still influenced by them . 
  so there is no sovereignty at all . 
  i 'll side with youtube on this one . 
  youtube would love to be rid of these situations but organizations like gema force them into these kinds of actions . 
  i do not think google is an ethical company but this one is not on them . 
   who hire gema to protect their intellectual property . 
  not sure how gema works but the equivalent organization in my country is not hired . 
  you have no choice but to use them . 
  they have even threatened musicians for publishing their own work . 
  it 's also corrupt as hell . 
  edit : a word, 
  the eu does have a common policy on immigration and visas . 
  member states can not decide for themselves what their policy is because open borders . 
  that 's nice , but it does n't change that the vatican is [ prosecuting journalists ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/vatican-leaks-trial-gianluigi-nuzzi-emiliano-fittipaldi-fight-press-freedom-1530258 ) for revealing vatican secrets , just like our friend erdogan . 
  wonder what the pope has to say about this , seeing as he is also looking to prosecute journalists for revealing vatican bank misbehavior . 
  these are n't whistleblowers , these are journalists . 
  the whistleblower would be whoever got them the information . 
  well mr. juncker , if you and your bureaucrat friends had slowed down the expansion of the eu rather than speed it up , perhaps we could have had time to grow to a consensus . 
  but no , the eu has to expand as fast as possible . 
  more people at the table means consensus is harder . 
  ah very good . 
  fat lot of good that did you . 
  while your people were subjects of your nobility , mine were a republic whose ideals inspired the writers of the us constitution . 
  including many of the rights that have only recently come to your country . 
  but we 've shown you the way in the past , and we 'll be waiting for you in the future . 
  you mean the document king richard was forced to sign when his barons rebelled against because he was a weak and ineffective king who lost all his lands ** on the mainland of europe ** ? 
  omg you lol ` ed me . 
  like , i am totally devastated now . 
  worrisome , but still far away from a frexit . 
  but that is the only way this will play to your favor , if the eu falls apart . 
  it 's almost like you want to watch the world burn . 
  no , i mean the eu brings peace and prosperity . 
  the uk contributed to that as well as benefited from it . 
  the uk leaving hurts , but wo n't destroy that . 
  but put everything on the balance and the main thing the eu does is bring peace and prosperity . 
  we 'll talk again in a year when you back out of article 50 or in ten when you go for article 49 . 
  indeed we do . 
  ours is based on reality , yours on paranoia and dreams of past glory . 
  you mean problems like peace and prosperity ? 
  gosh , who will we blame ? 
  i hate to tell you this , but the british empire has n't existed for quite some time . 
  your wealth is in the hands of corporations who have more to gain by moving to the eu than staying in the uk . 
  and it 's no use being in a tax haven if you are punished by the large market you are trying to make money on . 
  already companies are looking elsewhere to establish new offices , or looking to move out of the uk . 
   i do n't know if it the intent or not but i know that it 's happening . 
  both internally and externally . 
  internally , the austerity enforced on some of the poorest countries is actively creating a humanitarian crisis . 
  externally , the recent agreement between the eu and turkey is actively dehumanizing refugees . 
  it 's too easy to put all the blame here on the eu . 
  money flows to all those poor countries as well . 
  and they had a hand in their circumstances . 
  and you can not deny that poor countries have also benefited from the eu . 
  eastern european members for example . 
  as for turkey and refugees ... the issues go far beyond just money . 
  refugees are in a difficult situation , but you can not say the eu is doing nothing . 
  what they are n't supposed to be treated as numbers ? 
  on some level we are all treated like numbers . 
  there are huge problems with just letting them all into the eu . 
  it is n't trivial to give them a decent standard of life in refugee camps . 
   but i guess that this is what happens when a union is based on profit and not humanism . 
  that 's just not true .
