  as much as i criticize the eu it is not just based on profit . 
  i am not usually the greatest fan the eu by a long shot . 
  but i do believe in the project , generally speaking . 
  there is too much of a focus on the market . 
  i think because it is easier to quantify , from a certain pov . 
   the eu did n't create those dreams . 
  those dreams existed and they will exist as long as people live . 
  absolutely agree with you . 
   what the eu does is make the realization of these dreams easier for some people and harder for others . 
  hmm ... i wo n't say the eu does n't make things harder for some people , but that is not the intent . 
  internally of course is should make it easier , but externally it is n't about diminishing others . 
  i would even say that the intent is also to make things better externally ( though i wo n't say they are necessarily successful ) . 
   no , under the sweet kind rule of the eu you do not have the right to have a family , you can not have a job , you can not even stay in your country near your family . 
  that may be true for your countrymen , not ours . 
  all those greek exchange students i met in university were forced to come study here with financial support . 
  and the greek expats at my work were forced to come here and their dissatisfaction with the greek government is just a lie . 
  or the greek people i know who still live in greece are probably lying about the child they just had . 
   the demographic effect is similar to that of a war , in terms of the future for the nation . 
  no it is n't . 
  people come back , or their children do . 
  not all , but some . 
  money comes back in support of family/friends as well as in vacations . 
  greek culture is spread also creating demand . 
  it is nowhere near the effects of a war , both in economic terms as in psychological impact . 
  i 'm not saying greece is n't hurting , nor that the eu has done everything perfectly . 
  but greece is n't half as bad as you are portraying it , and the eu has nowhere near the power you seem to think it has . 
  the greek people i know , both emigrants and people living in greece , would disagree with you vehemently . 
  they would say that people with your outlook are at least half the problem . 
  i know this because they have literally said this to me . 
  it 's fair to point to the eu and say there are issues and it is n't perfect . 
  but look at your own country and do n't pretend greece has n't had a hand in it 's own problems . 
  they are part of common market and/or schengen . 
  they may not be in the eu , but they are n't independent of it either . 
   to be fair , people always had these dreams . 
  that 's my point . 
  also the point of the eu . 
  that we are n't all so different that there is no common ground . 
  we are all basically the same , we have the same basic needs and wants . 
   what dreams does a young adult in greece or spain share with another young person from germany or the netherlands ? 
  what exactly is the future that they share ? 
  dreams of education . 
  of living and having a family . 
  living in peace with the freedom to move where you want , be what you want , be with who you want . 
   the greek civil war , or the entire wars in africa , took less lives than were lost - in emigration , and in unborn - in a single year under the rule of european central bankers . 
  a rule even the fmi says was wrongly applied . 
  are you comparing lives lost in war to people emigrating ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i find that disgusting . 
  it says you not only have no respect for those who died in wars , you also count your countrymen who emigrated as dead . 
  yet you dare have criticism on others for not showing solidarity ? 
  it does n't sound to me like you want that . 
  not other than as a reason for college students to get drunk . 
   if most of turkish people are ok with this then who we are to complain ? 
  we are the ostensible allies of turkey , with large populations of turkish immigrant . 
  we have to deal with not only with turkey as an ally and trading partner but also as a country with a large diaspora of people that still claim citizenship even if they were n't born in turkey . 
  turkish politics affect public life in other countries . 
  turkish politics affect the region . 
  we have interests in the outcome , we are affected by the outcome . 
  worried about foreign influence ? 
  not the political parties . 
  there have in the past been motions to make it illegal for political parties to accept foreign donations . 
  this was absolutely shutdown because all the relevant parties are affiliated with or completely part of larger european organizations . 
  it 's symbolic of my struggle against the system . 
  yes well , in order to fall you must first rise . 
  nothing surprising here . 
  a benevolent dictator beats a democracy on any day right up to his funeral . 
  then it all goes to shit . 
  do n't get jealous just yet . 
  this is a report and not a law . 
  governments are still free to decide otherwise and the current climate does not seem to support a stronger central directive . 
  is there a conversion therapy to transform people like him to decent human beings ? 
  it is the same in the netherlands . 
  the only therapy like this i could find is officially not allowed to be called a therapy . 
  it does not meet the the medical criteria and thus can not be offered as such . 
  not quite illegal but a doctor would get in trouble for prescribing it . 
  there has to be a reason to take action against it . 
  when i saw this article i went looking for information on the application of this in the netherlands . 
  unfortunately i did find it . 
  however , the general medical community rejects it . 
  the organization that offers it was at least at one point subject to increased inspections for their unscientific manner of diagnosis and officially their therapy is not recognized . 
  which at the least means insurance wo n't cover it , i think . 
  in any case , it does happen here but apparently not to the extent that it is outlawed and the specific therapy i found is not recognized . 
  there are more important battles to be fought for the gay community here . 
  it would n't bother me if it was outlawed , except that i think laws need to address real problems and the current climate makes such therapies effectively illegal to call it therapy . 
  it is only illegal for medical professionals to prescribe it . 
  you are welcome to subject yourself to it . 
  i do n't support the sgp , but they are consistent . 
  i do n't know if i would call them neo nazi 's , but they live in the eighteenth century so i do want them to disappear . 
  i did answer that in some other comments . 
  i vote sp and i do think that they can compromise , but other parties are so against them they wo n't even try . 
  i respect parties i disagree with if they stick with their ideals , which makes the vvd better than the pvda and cda . 
  i do n't respect parties that betray their ideals like the pvda or that are purely reactive , though all parties do that to some extent . 
  i answered this elsewhere , but it 's mostly about their internal structure and politics . 
  they do not tolerate internal dissent . 
  yes . 
  from the eu constitution , the neo liberal policies of the pvda , the gutting of education and healthcare , the many violations of environmental regulations by companies , the treatment of whistle blowers ... 
  the idea of the eu is good , and we need it , but that does n't mean i support it blindly . 
  this was their big issue and they were going to pull out of the government only to backtrack to stay in the game . 
  that felt very much like that was all they stood for , to be at the table , not to achieve anything . 
  no one ? 
  perhaps a little extreme .
