  this is a criminal gang , them being turks does n't make that a racist attack . 
  that they are turks ca n't be ignored , look at the name of the club . 
  this is also a criminal organization . 
  there is no pkk organization in europe because they are considered a terrorist organization . 
  so no , the pkk gets no love here nor do kurds get a pass . 
  it 's not relevant here . 
  i 'm not your friend , pal . 
  that 's what i thought !, 
  it 's all greek to me as well . 
  congratulations , you worked in a consulate . 
  so do janitors so that statement proves little . 
  having had enough professional contact with consulates , even if you were n't a janitor , still not impressed . 
  having had basic logic , an appeal to authority is not a valid argument . 
  better than extremely contagious ... 
  if scotland gains independence they are not automatically an eu member . 
  it 's a new country and will have to negotiate for that . 
  and on my father 's side i can basically trace only to a small part of the netherlands . 
  on my mother 's side i can trace back to portugal . 
  however , this does n't mean people had no greater awareness . 
  there was n't a germany but there was a feeling of the german people . 
  that goes back centuries . 
  like i said , we are n't german but we are germanic , which is a larger term . 
  we sing of ` duitsen bloed ' which at the time meant german but there was no germany at the time , nor was there a netherlands as such . 
  we will never call ourselves german today but we do share a heritage . 
  there was definitely a time we identified as one . 
  but just like my cousin is different he is also family . 
  i think we should see it like that . 
  it 's no insult to me to be called german . 
  it reflects more on the person saying it . 
  it would be easy to pretend to hate germany for crimes in the past , but then the indonesians ( for * just * one ) should hate us . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  all the germans i 've known have been great . 
  afaik also the closest source of mead . 
  also makes the best board games . 
  apart from / u/doitsujin75 good answer , this is n't terribly wrong . 
  there has always been a close relationship . 
  we even gave refuge to the kaiser . 
  if the war had n't happened ( ww2 , we call it the war because we werent in ww1 ) this statement would n't even ruffle any feathers . 
  it did and there has been much resentment , which is now mostly among the older generations . 
  even given that , our main trading partner is germany . 
  we are more closely aligned with germany other than belgium and perhaps luxembourg . 
  while jokes originating from the war still exist , they are n't as pervasive or even funny anymore . 
  and in a choice between germany and france , we would choose germany almost any day . 
  i do n't think we would have called ourselves germans , but we are a germanic people and we are `` cousins '' at the very least . 
  leave belgium alone . 
  whatever else , we need them when we want to eat good food . 
  protestant . 
  the uk once had william of orange as a king . 
  yes that is possible , though if they are salaried not so much . 
  perhaps it makes more sense to use increasing sanctions ending in this . 
  but the problem is systemic and thus the system needs to be punished . 
  how about in cases of sexually assault where the management is shown to have acted in defense of the perpetrator you shut it down for a month and the proceeds of the previous month is automatically given to the victim in addition to any other possible compensation . 
  that will make these hotels act differently . 
  the problem is n't the second amendment but the interpretation that it was meant to allow all citizens to be armed without restriction . 
  which is n't even a legal interpretation or they would never consider imposing restrictions , and there are in fact restrictions already . 
  the second amendment is about the states having a militia . 
  they do , it 's called the national guard . 
  yes , it 's much more subtle than i say above . 
  for example , standing armies were not wanted at the time , but militias were . 
  also , it does mean individuals have a limited right to own a bearable weapon . 
  but if you are examining the reasons for the amendment , to be able to stand up to a tyrannical government , then it has already failed . 
  you have your glock , or possibly some fancy rifle or two . 
  they have tanks and guns , which you ca n't get even under the second amendment . 
  you lose . 
  so all good it was meant to do is neutralized . 
  now it 's just an excuse for gun toting hillbillies to have guns for fun and crime . 
  and if you have a gun , i 'm calling you a gun toting hillbilly even if you wear a suit and are from la. 
   liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law it could be argued that by not invoking article 50 they are not respecting democracy . 
  we 're all over the region and if not directly in yemen we sell the armaments being used there . 
  getting involved in another more directly is even more foolishness . 
  our meddling to date has hardly brought any relief . 
  i support staying the fuck out of it completely . 
  what we can do is suspend the uks voting rights in the union . 
  which may happen if the uk keeps stalling on article fifty, 
   a couple of thousand reports a month , it does n't add up to a large overall change . 
  you do n't consider that large ? 
  that is strange to me . 
  no , someone just said people and corporations should be held accountable . 
  in the usa there is a law which is effectively a death sentence for corporations . 
  it 's never used , but it exists . 
  the view may be extreme , but he was n't calling for nationalization of the resources . 
   something the rest of the eu members are n't good at keeping . 
  ah yes , the riots in the streets of amsterdam are so disturbing . 
  it should be noted that geenstijl translates to `` no style '' or a less literal translation could be `` no class '' . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  simple economic migrant is an oversimplification . 
  that they are economic migrants is neither shocking or surprising . 
  wanting a good life means having access to food and housing . 
  it is n't as if being poor in africa is a minor inconvenience . 
  i do n't blame these people at all for getting to come here . 
  i do think we have to enforce our laws and keep out the economic refugees , but let 's not pretend we would n't do the dance in their circumstances . 
   i honestly think that the liberals in charge of europe want to do as much damage as they can to the social , economic , cultural and political structures of europe before their time is up and they 're marched out by alternative governments . 
  all the politicians really . 
  a federal europe is much easier if you see people as clones , ask that cultural crap has to be destroyed . 
  they should have stuck with an economic union , but no , our leaders have a hard on for being in the history books by any means . 
  my point was more that it has n't spread from the us , it has died out elsewhere . 
  patriot is not new or uniquely american . 
  it is very much out of vogue in the netherlands . 
  afaik it has always meant someone enthusiastic about their country , no sacrifice needed . 
  i read this story in multiple sources .
