   it has nothing to do with local regulation . 
  i do n't know that it does , but i do n't know that it does n't . 
  it seems more likely than some conspiracy to keep ee from all the good food . 
   i dont know what the legislation made for this would look like , except getting through eu wide legislation that brands have to market the same product with same composition in whole eu . 
  and then all the governments start complaining about standards being enforced from brussels . 
  but why is this ? 
  it is most likely to do with regulations and market forces . 
  to suggest it is any form of discrimination needs proof beyond merely showing there is a difference . 
  the difference is more likely to do with local issues than anything else . 
  i generally do n't like bots . 
  but i like you . 
  the problem here is the question of why these differences exist . 
  it seems more likely to me that local regulation is responsible , or otherwise the price people are willing to pay . 
  i see little need to look for other suspects than that . 
  i 'm not convinced that this is actually happening , but if it is why not take matters into your own hand . 
  it just does n't make sense that large companies would engage in these practices , unless there was some local regulation encouraging it or some price advantage to be be had . 
  the bigotry argument seems far fetched to me . 
  you felt the need to make a stronger statement than i had , one that adds little to what i said nor invalidates it . 
  i was avoiding that since it is n't necessary for the argument . 
  so i had to make a reply since your statement was wrong as there are valid reasons which laws based on such ideological extremes would ignore leading to other injustices . 
  there is nothing wrong with it , but being worried about it is not the same as condemning it . 
  also , i do n't know the source so i would need corroboration before i took it as truth . 
  well , adults can and do have circumcisions , and there are medically valid reasons for infant circumcisions . 
  but infant / child circumcisions are always without consent of the child . 
  they should never be without consent of the adult . 
  i am also against religious reasons for circumcisions even with parental consent , but that is not relevant to this discussion . 
  even if circumcision is 100 % safe , this is a case where it was done without consent . 
  jail time is called for . 
  it is when done without consent . 
  how exactly ? 
  because we want to return people who have no right to be here to their country of origin ? 
  because we restrict immigration in the first place ? 
  what exactly is wrong ? 
  or do you just want to play the oppressed ? 
  * speedbump, 
  i sometimes go across a high bridge , that is mountain enough for me . 
  i 'm sorry if that joke fell flat . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  haha , it 's actually impossible to make our flag less boring , but less so for some other countries . 
  you could turn our red into orange , but that has definite historical connotations that most recently are distinctly nationalistic . 
  i like that you are going for simplicity . 
  do n't know how to make it better but like it is it does n't do justice to most flags . 
  looking forward to your next attempt . 
  if you have n't been killed by english for leaving them out that is . 
  triggered !, 
  you turned our neat straight lines into horrible diagonals !, 
   the doctor who delivered me at the hospital recommended it because of the very health benefits i 've been arguing with a certain user about i do n't doubt it , this was certainly advocated at a certain point . 
  i 'm of jewish descent , my mother is a doctor and both her parents were doctors . 
  i am uncircumcised . 
   it feels like family tradition . 
  understandable , but not a good reason to allow it . 
   now i 've lost all my karma just for expressing my honest opinions . 
  not to me , i actually upvoted you . 
  but that 's reddit for you . 
   medical accidents , although slim , are unpreventable statistically speaking . 
  they are preventable by not performing the procedure . 
  since the procedure is generally not medically indicated this seems reasonable . 
  you are entitled to your belief , but not to doing it to children . 
  the only known benefit of circumcision is in prevention of transmission of stds , which is only recommended in areas where they are a huge problem . 
  there are also drawbacks and your individual experience should not inform policy . 
  how many spaces does a tab represent ? 
  with spaces it is always defined , even if you do n't agree with the spacing . 
  with tabs you just have no control . 
  spaces represent levels of indentation much more precisely than a tab can ever hope to . 
  tabs are not well defined so they make outlining of code an absolute mess . 
  optimizing on removal of white space characters is the definition of madness . 
  in the netherlands it is never nice weather , just something new to complain about . 
  when was this ? 
  he was n't , he was saying crowded places are inherently dangerous . 
  it does n't take a terrorist attack to panic a crowd . 
  bruce willis , james bond and highly trained attack gulls prevent those things . 
  the attack gulls work by snatching the steroids before they can be used . 
  though gulls on steroids are no laughing matter . 
  pass the black pudding and have some stroopwafels in exchange . 
  some of you are wearing skirts ... of course they want to join our side , 
  i heard they use drugs that sends them into a berserk rage . 
  it makes them believe they are undefeatable . 
  nothing , but i also do n't think they should blindly follow a non binding referendum . 
  to me it was a call for them to reevaluate the treaty , which i 'm still not sure of . 
  i 'm more upset by the bs addition to the treaty . 
  that tells me they did n't really reevaluate the treaty . 
  they should have had another debate on the substance not on how to appease the voters . 
  but i do think the senate generally makes its own considerations , it 's the government and tweede kamer that i think dropped the ball . 
  i voted against , but i still agree with the decision to ratify . 
  making great moves towards space as well . 
  that may end up being important . 
  you know , for if you want to hitch a ride off this dirt ball . 
  well , i have to agree with that , but i did n't want them to feel left out . 
  also , it 's still a billion people . 
  xi jinping and narendra modi may not agree . 
  the last thing the us wants is for europe to become militarily independent . 
  we would make our own weapons and boost the defense industry here . 
  the us would still have its massive military but less reason to use it as europe starts projecting its power . 
  mind you , i think this would be good for the us and europe both , but the american defense industry would n't agree . 
  this would also cause the us to lose influence as there would be another power to turn too . 
  which is also good for the world . 
  sure , as long as that does n't include the free movement of eu citizens . 
  of the two , which is against open borders and free movement of people ? 
  or do you think that the eu wants to prevent the mass immigration of uk refugees ? 
   let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth he can just hit himself ?
