  these differences carried to the speakers of the 2 groups and influenced their culture and values . 
  this lasted until the 16th century , when the king ordered french ( which had gained a lot of influence through the king and paris ) to be the mandatory language for law and administration in all of france . 
  his goal was to reduce the influence of the church by forcing it to switch to `` french '' . 
  the side effect was that the oc languages also died . 
  at this point france was just recovering from the 100 years ' war and the strong divisions that had weakened the kingdom . 
  the single language played a big role in the construction of france , both in the 16th century and during the revolution . 
  the situation now is a result of our history . 
  yup , and people will do the same with smartphones and tablets if this tax is voted into law . 
  in the end , french retailers , and the french economy will suffer more and our politicians will complain about ze germans killing our balance of trade . 
  yes , it 's from the finnish word . 
  back when i was learning the language a few years ago , i was often daydreaming at work , so a finnish coworker taught me the word . 
  i think it 's a beautiful word and it kinda stuck with me ... 
  the bus and tram drivers of marseille plan to go on strike for one day in june because they do n't like the new pants that have been designed for them . 
  i 'm one of the young , educated and unemployed . 
  i graduated last year , master 's degree , tourism stuff . 
  and i just ca n't find a job . 
  some of my classmates are in the same situation . 
  some are working low level jobs that are vaguely related to our field of studies . 
  interim , part time jobs ... 
  the real problem is that there are lots of jobs that are posted everyday that i could do , but they are internships . 
  now all junior positions are filled by interns . 
  marketing assistant , junior sales executive , all of these jobs that i could do perfectly are intern only . 
  a regular job costs at least ~ $ 1500/month to a company , while an intern only costs $ 430/month . 
  all schools and universities have made internships mandatory . 
  i had to do 3 of them myself , and i was really happy to find them , but now i think that most companies are just exploiting interns year round , they would rather hire and train a cheap intern twice a year rather than get someone long term . 
  and for regular contracts , companies ask for 2-5 years experience , so if you 've just graduated , you ca n't do internships anymore and you ca n't get a regular job , so you just end up getting shitty jobs on 6 months contract until you find someone crazy enough to hire you . 
   kids in norway are barely expected to sing the national anthem on constitution day . 
  while i agree that patriotism in america often goes too far , it saddens me that in many european countries , kids do n't know the lyrics of the national anthem , or that waving your country 's flag means you support the local extreme-right party . 
  on april 1st the mods of / r/murica and / r/france decided to swap control of both subreddits , so murica took over france and liberated it , while france took over murica and oppressed it . 
  it was hilarious and cringe worthy at the same time to see muricans losing their shit when they saw it . 
  most of them could n't take the joke . 
  i thought this subreddit was satire , but it 's not . 
  yes it is possible , especially when you consider that mayors have authority over this ( which is why in historically communist towns you 'll find many karl marx or lenin streets ) . 
  but it is usually more common to have streets/schools named after war personalities such as de gaulle , cl\u00e9menceau , roosevelt , jean moulin or churchill , or dates like november 11th or march 19th . 
  roosevelt even has a metro station in paris named after him , and de gaulle a whole airport . 
  even p\u00e9tain had many streets named after him until a few years ago . 
  other french politicians do n't have such a legacy ( mitterrand has the national library , pompidou a museum , other than that , simone veil ... who else ? 
  these streets are in honor of the war leaders , not the politicians . 
  cool pic !, 
  from space it kinda looks like a rotated version of [ bordeaux ] ( http://www.5minutesatuer.com/medias/bordeaux-vue-espace-chris-hadfield.jpg ) !, 
  [ paris right now ] ( http://parispanoramique.free.fr/image.jpg ) there 's very light clouds , it almost looks like fog . 
  but it 's sunny enough that shadows are cast on the ground !!!!!, 
  and it 's 8 \u00b0 !!!!, 
  that 's the best weather we 've had all week !, 
  damn , that sentence in danish starts out all nice and easy , and when you think you 're gon na understand everything it switches to hard mode :(, 
  i do n't get your # 1 point at all . 
  france does n't act like an empire anymore . 
  our intervention in mali is the exception , not the rule . 
  we managed to remain out of the iraq mess and only went to afghanistan through nato , and we will leave soon . 
  if we do n't control our foreign policy , then who does ? 
  what makes you think that we have too much power ( over what ? ) ? 
  what are we doing wrong ? 
  what do you want us to do ? 
  personnally my 2 things would be : stop electing people on their ego or the political party they represent and instead elect them on merit and achievements . 
  be more open to change and innovation . 
  be more flexible . 
  science , politics , economy , we must stop being afraid of change and clinging on our traditions . 
  there 's too much economic pressure , bureaucracy and bad morale . 
  we ca n't let our young investors and scientists leave the country because we 're not willing to make much needed reforms on many different subjects . 
  why are you posting news from 4 months ago ? 
  that 's another problem : the quality of education regarding foreign languages in france is very bad . 
  somehow our teachers and the people who write the curriculums think that making our kids learn irregular verbs and vocabulary lists from outdated books while completely neglecting oral and grammar skills is the way to go . 
  things like the absence of stress in french do n't help either . 
  but i have never seen any student refusing to learn english or claiming that people from other countries should learn french before english . 
  similarly , i went to poland not long ago and people sucked at speaking english there , does that mean they are language patriots ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  what i mean is that a mep 's bad command of english should n't be held against him . 
  if people want to use english as the common language , fine , but it should n't become something mandatory in the parliament . 
  language should not become a factor of how we chose our meps . 
  i do n't want people with good ideas to bet set aside because they ca n't speak english , like it is implied in the video . 
  and , * again * , my original message has nothing to do with the status of the french language . 
  people need to stop putting words into our mouths . 
  french people do n't care about french being the dominant language in the eu or whatever . 
  i 'm tired of this stereotype of french people who refuse to learn foreign languages and who want french to be spoken everywhere , it may have been true , but it 's now completely outdated . 
  ( i 'm not talking about you in particular , it 's just a global thing ) . 
  i personally do n't give a damn that meps do n't want to speak french and that they would rather speak english . 
  french is not a special language , and i do n't see why it should be treated as a special language . 
  now , with that said , i do n't see why english should be treated as a special language either . 
  if meps want to use it , fine , but they should n't be forced to , and people should n't stop paying attention when somebody else is talking in his home language . 
  also , that french journalist , please do n't think that his opinion is the opinion of all french people . 
  some people here are making absurd generalisations . 
  the issue with romania and schengen is n't romanians emigrating to other eu countries , it 's people from * outside * the eu taking advantage of romania 's weak border control to enter the eu illegally and then travel freely . 
  it 's apparently much easier to enter the eu from the ukraine-romania border than the ukraine-poland one for example . 
  france : the * education physique et sportive * ( sport and physical education , commonly called eps ) is obligatory throughout primary school , college and lyc\u00e9e ( high school ) , so roughly from age 6 to 18 . 
  in primary school there are various sports , swimming , tennis , gymnastics , running . 
  if the school or the town has the facilities for specific sports , they can be taught ( i did fencing in prim school ) . 
  it 's usually 3 hours a week with the regular teacher or a dedicated one . 
  usually grades are assigned according to defined objectives ( for example , running 100m in less than 20s : 1pt - in less than 17s : 2pts - in less than 15s : 3 pts , etc ) usually the final grade is either out of 10 or a letter for young kids so that a bad grade does n't penalise them . 
  college : mostly the same sports , usually there is more track & field stuff ( long jump , endurance running , disc throwing ... ) and collective sports ( handball , badminton ... ) . 
  the year is cut in 3 parts ( trimesters ) , so for example you 'll do 2 sports for the 1st trimester , 2 others for the 2nd , etc. 
  once again , if there are facilities for it , schools can offer stuff like kayaking or climbing . 
  i remember doing dancing or circus arts too ( and i hated it : / ) . 
  3/4 hours a week always with a dedicated teacher that holds a diploma for it . 
  again , it 's scored according to levels and you get a grade out of 20 that counts towards your global grade . 
  lyc\u00e9e : mostly the same as college . 
  a wide variety of sports . 
  trimesters system with a rotation in activities chosen ( not all classes do the same things during the year ) . 
  mostly the same system for grades . 
  2 hours a week for 3 years . 
  at the end of lycee ( 3rd year , age 18 ) you must pass the baccalaur\u00e9at diploma , where you get grades on all classes , so sports is part of it , but it is the only class where you are graded throughout the year ( no special thing at the end of the year ) , and students get to chose a 3 sport set from a pre-determined list , so kinda like cable channels , for example if you want badminton , you also have to do running and gymnastics .
