  you always fought , and even though you ca n't remember why , every time you see or hear about him you want to kick his ass . 
  french cuisine : butter , cream , charcuterie , cheese and pastries everywhere ... 
  yet we 've got some of the lowest obesity and heart diseases rates . 
  life 's good . 
  well that was unexpected !, 
  but very informative . 
  dunno why that would be downvoted , have my upvote !, 
  i 'll wish you the only word i know in romanian : pupic for everybody !, 
  i remember back when there were weekly threads like `` let 's discuss the food/landscape/sports / trains/culture/etc of your country '' or `` country of the week '' or many other threads which incited great discussions . 
  i enjoyed sharing some knowledge about my homeland , and learning about the other countries of europe . 
  now this subreddit is all about politics/immigration/conflicts aka all the shit i read and hear about on the media and that i want to escape on reddit . 
  even the weekly `` what happened in your country this week '' are now getting burried very quickly . 
  it 's okay , i 've got an estelada hanging from my balcony so they will never suspect me . 
  i am a french guy who has been living in catalu , ermh , in spain ( barcelona ) for almost 2 years . 
  i previously spent a few months living in vietnam and i have travelled quite a lot around the world . 
  while i do n't pretend to have outstanding knowledge of the very long history of spain or of its very diverse culture , well i think i am well integrated ( i speak spanish and decent catalan ) , so if you have any questions on what it 's like to live and work here as a foreigner , the cultural differences , the political/economic/social issues , then ask away !, 
  stick to the atlantic coast . 
  the atlantic is much colder than the mediterranean , and it 's the northernmost part of the country so it 's not as hot as andalucia or madrid ... and it 's still very beautiful , with great food . 
  ranskalainen espanjassa  but i do love pretty much everything about finland including that weird mixture of letters that you call `` suomen kieli '' . 
  just like you with french , i used to learn it , but nobody to practice with + lack of time means my level is crap now :(, 
  no , this is actually quite common for people who learn french as a 2nd or 3rd language . 
  you quickly learn the `` english to french '' trick , but it only works for so many words ... 
  most of the `` basic '' vocabulary is completely different and can not be deducted . 
  and the inflexion of verbs is easy in the beginning , but as you go deeper , you see that the verbs that were easy to conjugate in the indicative present become difficult to conjugate in the preterit ( `` to go '' in french uses different latin roots in each inflexion , whoops ! ), 
  and the grammar goes full retard with rules , exceptions to the rule and exceptions to the exceptions ( you add an - s to a word to get the plural , except words ending in - al where the plural is - aux , except festival which is actually festivals because fuck you ) , small things that make no sense whatsoever and which are the old ghosts of the latin language but yet will completely prevent you from understanding a sentence , etc. 
  i lived in vietnam for a few months . 
  there they also have polymer notes , which is really useful in a country where it rains so fucking much . 
  one day i was at the beach swimming far away from the coast where the water is cooler , when i noticed some notes floating . 
  oh how happy i was !, 
  until i notice these had floated out of my own pocket ... 
  i dried them and they were fined . 
  no need for a wallet anymore when going swimming \\ o /, 
  i never said that it is 100 % the uk 's fault . 
  in my very 1st message i said the problem is `` as much yours as it is ours '' . 
  unfortunately many british mps have been very vocal in the press with declarations painting the situation as being france 's sole responsibility , and cameron saying `` oh but we gave them money to build a fence what else can we do ???? 
  '' , which is why the french are starting to get pissed off at the brits on this topic . 
  with regards to the border checks , they are all carried in france for fr  uk travels ( ferry , train , car , etc ) , unless i missed something ? 
  there may be random customs controls made in the uk , but the immigration process happens in france . 
  the checks at st pancras are just random spot checks . 
  the border checks happen in france , where you 1st go through a french police border check and then through the uk check . 
  otherwise it would be the same system as when you travel by plane and the passport check is done in the country of arrival . 
  which would be a funny thing to see . 
  and not signing the schengen treaty means that france has to deal with immigrants who do n't even want to be in france in the first place . 
  they 're coming to europe to go to the uk , but by not signing the schengen treaty and signing the touquet one , you are effectively letting us deal with it . 
  so , as i said , the uk should not act like it is just our problem . 
   the uk border is at the english side , the french , at the french side . 
  the immigration checks happen on the french side , so the border is effectively in france . 
  the eurotunnel is operated as a juxtaposed border . 
  this is why when you arrive at st pancras or dover there is no further check . 
  i love how the british politicians and media who are so eager to bash the french forget to mention this . 
  you refused to sign the schengen treaty , yet we are the ones who have to deal with all the immigrants . 
  do n't be hypocrites and admit that the problem is as much yours as it is ours . 
  here is some useful info on the topic http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-33267137, 
  nah , the emotional conflict comes from that languages that writes itself like french , but pronounces itself like spanish . 
  chose your camp , brother !, 
  catalan would be sexier if pronounced like french . 
  the problem is that , as you said that superiority is a fact , the debate would quickly turn into `` which romance language is the best romance language '' , aaaand that would be the end of our friendship  * el problema es qu\u00e9 , com has dit , aix\u00f2 \u00e9s de fet , doncs el debat tornaria en `` cualsevol d'aquestes lleng\u00fces rom\u00e0niques es la millor lengua '' , i aix\u00f2 seria la fi de la nostra amistat  *, 
  there is at least one french guy here who speaks a little catalan . 
  what should we talk about ? 
  yes , and unlike the english-speaking world , when the object became popular , we gave it a proper ( and better ) noun , * avion *, 
  i love it each time english people make this comment about the german language . 
  english is the worst offender but you do n't even realize it . 
  it goes on top of your lap ? 
  call it a laptop !, 
  a sport where you kick a ball around with your foot ? 
  football !, 
  paper on a wall ? 
  wallpaper !, 
  a road made with rails ? 
  that 's a railroad !, 
  do i need to mention the word today ? 
  a bunch of keys stacked on a board ? 
  shit i 'm typing this from a keyboard , connected to my motherboard !, 
  what planes in the air ? 
  the aiiiirplane !, 
  where do you park your airplane ? 
  at the airport !, 
  weird corn that makes pop noises ? 
  i 'm gon na grab some popcorn ? 
  who fights fire ? 
  a firefighter !, 
  call him at the firehouse and tell him to come with his firetruck !, 
  a ball of snow ? 
  snowball !, 
  the shine of the sun ? 
  sunshine !, 
  sorry , i had more lined up , but i forgot about them . 
  i 'll go look for my book of notes , it is quite long though , maybe i will make an article about it in the next paper of news for you to see , 
  * rambling about how ze silly foreigners butcher our sweet french food . 
  * for me there is no doubt that the catalan language and people are close family , since i live in barcelona  i like speaking in catalan ( and writing too , it 's like writing in french while wearing mittens :d ) , but in france very few people know about catalan , and they all think spanish is the closest one . 
  we 'll go for lunch , i 'll bring the wine and cheese , you 'll bring the bread con tomato and the ham !, 
  yes , this is catalan . 
  french 's cousin . 
  [ mfw i google these words and find out they actually exist and you did n't make them up ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n9itttp.gifv ), 
  working in a tour-operator , doing marketing . 
  i lived in vietnam and was getting paid 4 times more than our poor russian friend ... 
  but i had people from all over spain telling me feliz ano nuevo . 
  for example , all my colleagues when we left the office , all greeted each other this way . 
  in your country , do you say happy new year before midnight ( like , on the 31st and before ) or after ( from the 1st onwards ) ? 
  in france we always say it after , and saying hny before is either considered as bad luck or just weird .
