  you can also chose an extra sport as an option , and it is counted as a separate grade ( out of 20 , only points above 10 are counted ) , and once again , weird sports are allowed in some places , lucky bastards in the south of france can pick surfing as an option :( regarding the theoretical component , not so much , sometimes you may get a written test about the sports rules , or safety practices/good sportsmanship , but it 's only a very small part of the grade . 
  hope this helps , if you want to know more , go ahead !, 
  paris and its suburbs . 
  yes it is . 
  i personnally hate salty food for breakfast . 
  i usually eat viennoiseries with butter/nutella , or cereals or cookies , with a big bowl of milk ( with or without chocolate powder ) . 
  then i do n't feel hungry until lunch . 
  even if i wake up at 3pm , my first meal will always be sweet stuff + milk , i ca n't get started with eggs and sausages , eek !, 
  i work in the tourism industry and it 's the same thing !, 
  junior , entry level job in the sales/production area : * 5 years experience in the industry * must know all our destinations very well ( ie the whole goddamn planet ) * must know how to use our obscure reservation system * may work on week-ends , consecutive days off not guaranteed * ~ $ 1500/month ( ie minimum wage ) and they wonder why nobody applies for these jobs ... 
  it was created by a guy from austria , and it was made famous in france , why does it matter anyway ? 
  you guys need to chill , you ca n't even take a joke about your bread , i guess that 's why we usually make fun of your bread * and * your sense of humour !, 
  i 'm sorry the german bread fan club got on you :( come to france , where everybody hates german bread !, 
  who would trust people who think that bratwurst and sauerkraut is high cuisine , anyway ? 
  let the savages eat their * brot * while us connoisseurs enjoy fine french bread . 
  same in france . 
  [ see this map of the number of sunshine hours recorded over france in january ] ( http://i17.servimg.com/u/f17/17/91/56/31/ensole12.jpg ) horrid numbers all around . 
  i think paris got less than 100 hours combined in december and january . 
  and it 's been even worse for me personnally , i spent 8 months through south-east asia and australia last year , got a million hours of sunshine , and then i came back to paris in november and i pretty much have n't seen the sun since then : /, 
  i do n't know about other countries , but for us the talks are n't as much about the horse meat itself , but about knowing how it got there and reinforcing labels on food so that people can know where the meat comes from . 
  i like watching finnish hockey , but i always cringe when i see all the advertising , especially on the ice . 
  you know you 've gone too far when you make the nhl look like a publicly funded league . 
  this actually happened to me !, 
  on the first day in my 4th year at university , the teacher asked the 40 students in my class to pick their second language between spanish , italian , japanese , korean and russian . 
  almost everybody picked spanish , a couple people picked italian . 
  i was the only one to pick russian , and somebody else picked japanese . 
  in the end all the people who had picked spanish were disappointed because they did n't learn much that year ( when you 've learned it for ~ 6 years there 's not much room for improvement anymore ) , while i learned a lot during my russian class ( i started from scratch ) . 
  the year after , many people switched to more exotic languages !, 
  * it 's easy to learn english when your native language is related to it . 
  go learn russian or mandarin and let 's see how well you do . 
  * southern european states do n't fail to adapt to a second language . 
  english is not the only language that exists , you know . 
  i would say that english speaking countries are much worse at learning a second language than any southern european state is . 
  he 's not getting any facts right . 
  we have always had a high fecondity rate , and immigration accounts for less than 10 % of this . 
  even without immigrant women , our natality rate would be around 1.9 . 
  his comment is pure racism . 
  montreal is sort of french so if you count their wins ... uh , nevermind . 
  allemagne is a feminine word in french . 
  well , france too . 
  the french-german couple is a gay one . 
  leave germany and join france !, 
  we will let you speak french or german , or a weird mix , we 've already got alsace doing it so it 's ok !, 
  [ here 's to another 50 years !, 
  ] ( http://www.konbini.fr/files/2012/07/116172863_small.jpeg ), 
  and i was wondering why a nz website covering something happening in australia was posted in / r/europe . 
  the english name for \u00d6sterreich is way too confusing . 
  i 'll be that guy : i think the value sides ( top row ) are ugly . 
  i like the traditionnal design with the eu countries a lot more . 
  national symbols belong on the other side . 
  the other side ( bottom row ) , well , queen queen queen queen , that 's to be expected , but it 's still kinda bland . 
  the netherlands coins look much better and still feature the queen , especially the $ 1-2 coins . 
  c - would not collect . 
  oh , my bad then !, 
  i never really paid attention to this . 
  but hey , you 're talking about people who have previously made videos [ like this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlp5ekdgwik ) ... 
  why not ? 
  this new driving licence means that there will be a eu-wide database of licences , which means that if you lose your licence , you wo n't be able to get a new one in another state . 
  along with a common database for registration plates that will allow states to fine foreign drivers more easily , this will help make our roads more secure . 
  still insanely expensive !, 
  you 'll be little brother as long as you let us pretend we invented fries . 
  kebab in france . 
  * greek sandwich * in paris . 
  do n't ask me why . 
  same sex couples have been able to form civil unions since 1999 in france . 
  it 's not marriage , but it still gives them some basic rights , for example if the biological mother/father of a chile dies , her/his partner can take over the custody of the child . 
  the same-sex marriage law is about to fix a lot of inequalities , including the right to adopt children . 
  oh and if you want to be a dick about this , being unable to marry has never threatened anyone 's health , not being to abort properly has . 
  so what ? 
  you 're calling out problems about my country , why ca n't i do the same ? 
  we may not be the most liberal eu state , but i think we 're close to the top . 
  however , criticism from a citizen of a country where abortion has been liberalized for less than 5 years and where women still have trouble doing that procedure is kind of funny . 
  fix your basic human rights before you start bothering us with cannabis laws . 
  on the day the culture year stuff started , a dude with an ak47 robbed a foot locker in downtown marseille . 
  need i say more ? 
  because other countries face the same problem does not make it ok for greece . 
  especially when it 's at a much larger scale . 
  when france gives data about people who hold bank accounts in switzerland and the greek government does nothing with it , you only they 're not trying very hard . 
  yes . 
  yevro in bulgarian , and yevra in russian ( written the same ) . 
  edit : it 's apparently closer to evro in bulgarian , with a `` e '' like in bed . 
  nice find looking at these figures , i think we are actually the odd ones , not the germans . 
  well , educate me then . 
  maybe it 's a myth , but it 's the image you have . 
  in france we often complain that you have great prices on many things on the internet ( electronics , clothes ... ) , but it 's always a pain in the ass to buy anything , because you do n't accept debit card and ask for wire transfers instead ( i know that 's gotten better now ) . 
  when the euro launched , everybody thought that the $ 500 note had been pushed by germany because you wanted an equivalent to the 1000 mark note . 
  maybe it 's all bullshit but that 's what the sayings are . 
  no , 1000 old german marks are 511 euros . 
  [ old and new , side by side . 
  then i guess it 's only used by [ drug dealers ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8678979.stm ) then . 
  to compare , the highest french franc note was 500 ( $ 76 ) . 
  i think they look much better on this image than in real life . 
  there is a colored stripe on the right half that encompasses the value figer and the monument , but the remaining parts all look similar . 
  plus the notes usually get dirty or damaged very quickly , which makes things worse . 
  in the end it 's a matter of taste , but i would like spicier notes . 
  sadly the new 5 that has just been unveiled is n't . 
  well , banknotes from $ 100 and above are quite a lot of money . 
  i think most of them circulate in germany , where people often pay with big notes ( they even had 1000 mark notes , did n't they ? ) . 
  i never see 100/200/500 bills , never get them in atm , no shops accept them here ... 
  i wish they would make more colorfull banknotes .
