  right now , unless you 're very rich or german , 95 % of the banknotes you see are $ 5-10-20 , with random $ 50s there and there , and they pretty much all look the same , their colors are n't saturated enough and they get damaged quickly , which makes things worse . 
  the best one by far is the $ 200 note , but i 've seen maybe 2 or 3 of them in all my life . 
  i wish we could have something closer to [ australian banknotes ] ( http://realitypod.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/australian-money.jpg ) for example . 
  as far as what figure/object to put on them , i do n't like the architecture very much . 
  deciding not to put things specific to any country means that nobody identifies to what 's on the notes . 
  why could n't we do something similar to $ 2 coins but with monuments for example ? 
  i think it would be really cool to pay with a $ 20 brandenburg gate note , and get a $ 5 eu parliament note back ... well , i guess europa is a good start , hopefully it will not be the end . 
  i do n't know how it is for the other countries , but france 's separatist movements are given waaay more weight than they actually have on this map . 
  the occitan movement looks like it would control almost half of what france is right now . 
  the truth is , the main political group ( partit occitan ) barely gets 1 % in major elections in a few big cities like toulouse . 
  the french parts of basque country and catalunya are much more calm than their spanish counterparts . 
  as martelfirst pointed out , normandy has absolutely nothing serious going . 
  savoie ... wikipedia tells me the ligue savoisienne 's best result was a whooping 1,57 % on some local lists in the parliament elections this year . 
  the only serious candidates would be brittany and corsica . 
  separatists are still a minority in brittany . 
  corsica would be completely unable to survive on their own , they 're one of the poorest regions of france . 
  paris is as north as the canada/usa border ( the flat part ) . 
  i 'm sure you meant funded . 
  france does n't handle any other country 's army , sovereignty is an essential aspect of how the eu is ran . 
  and , well , is n't that the case to some extent ? 
  the us army is funded by federal money , is n't it ? 
  according to [ this list ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_tax_revenue_by_state ) , the states of california and new york are the two biggest contributors . 
  if i follow your logic , then north dakota or wyoming should man up and start carrying their own weight too ? 
  the uk and france are two of the biggest countries and economies of europe , of course they are going to be big players and spend more than other countries . 
  france gives much more to the eu than it gets back . 
  yes , my tax money helps romania build new infrastructure . 
  i 'm ok with this , otherwise what would be the point of being in the eu ? 
  you say you want other countries to carry their own weight ? 
  you want slovenia and its 2 million people to lead future offensives and kick ass all over the planet ? 
  you want spain and its wrecked economy to spend billions of euros to develop or buy new weapons ? 
  the only country that could seriously step up its game is germany , but given their history , you ca n't expect them to suddenly lead eu efforts . 
  i say other countries should work on closing the social gap and improving their economic situation before they try to carry their own weight . 
  yes because fighting against a dictator carrying out a genocide is the exact same thing as lying about a country possessing wmds in order to trick other countries into war . 
  give us back the billions and billions of euros and the lives we wasted to fight * your * made up wars in iraq and afghanistan and then we 'll talk . 
  next time the us can fuck off and mind their own business and it will be better for everybody . 
  yup . 
  you wish it to people during the first days of the year , and if you want to send greeting cards , it 's ok to do it between january 1st and january 31st . 
  if you want to go badass , [ i 'd rather use this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/egzru.jpg ) . 
  as far as new year wishes go , it 's uncommon to do this in december in france , some people say it even brings bad luck . 
  how is it in your country ? 
  i ate both dog and cat meat while i lived in vietnam . 
  it 's completely normal there . 
  and , i must say , the meat was very good ( especially cat meat ) . 
  i do n't feel bad about it , although i would n't do it every week . 
  i ate rat meat too , but i did n't like it much . 
  baguette . 
  that 's * bad * . 
  iced red wine ? 
  i would never do this . 
  if you want to drink `` cold '' wine , then drink white or ros\u00e9 , and cool it down slowly . 
  use a bucket of ice or put it in the fridge , but ice in the drink ? 
  the water will mess with the alcool and the brutal temperature drop will kill the taste . 
  but i guess that if he does this ( especially with every meal ) , then he does n't really care about the taste . 
  yup . 
  i never put ice in my drinks , unless it 's 30 \u00b0 outside and you want to get drunk and refreshed in a hurry , otherwise you end up with a watered down drink : / vodka from the freezer is much better . 
  and we cringe every time we see foreigners putting coke or lemonade in their wine , putting bottles in the freezer or the worst wine crime ever : icecubes in wine !!, 
  ( or any other kind of alcohol for that matter ) . 
  brittany may be considered more celtic than french . 
  alsace may be considered more german than french . 
  same for french catalunya . 
  this is not an excuse . 
  oh and corsica may be more italian than french , the nationalists want complete independance , they do n't give a damn about italy . 
  also , the `` faltering economy '' has nothing to do with these `` cracks '' . 
  the nationalists in corsica have been stirring shit up for years and years . 
  they 're just a minority . 
  like all extremists , they do n't represent the majority of corsicans who feel fine about being part of france . 
  and there 's a reason for that , as their economy is quite bad . 
  i personnaly wish we 'd give them independance for a month just so that the nationalists would shut up . 
  someone allergic to dairy products ? 
  we actually talk and hear about them a lot , especially now with that eu crisis stuff and france-germany summits . 
  they 're one of our main trade partners . 
  lots of kids learn german at school . 
  we also fought twice during the last century . 
  we call them all kind of really bad names . 
  but as lezardbreton said , there 's not a lot of controversy . 
  while us or the english always try to stir shit up just for fun and giggles from time to time , none of this happens with germany . 
  i think that this `` let 's be friends and forget about the past '' thingy worked so well that now many people feel neutral about germany . 
  mmh , germany is this kid from your school . 
  his grandparents were crazy mofos who tried to kill your own grandparents . 
  that could be a `` good '' reason to hate him but you just do n't really care anymore because you know he was n't there at that time and his grandparents are long dead . 
  he is still a little bit annoying because he always gets better grades than you and has an awful sense of humor , so you only want to deal with him during group assignments because he is a serious worker , but during breaks you 'd rather fight england or pick on belgium , it 's more fun . 
  no , that article by the bbc was most likely wrong . 
  5th or 6th would mean around 300 000 people . 
  estimates by french officials say that there are at most 150 000 french citizens registered in all of the uk , and less than 100 000 in london . 
  there were around 50 000 french people registered in london for the last presidential elections . 
  clearly not all people get registered as french citizens living abroad , but there 's clearly not 300 000 of us in london . 
  we love you too . 
  well , except during any kind of sporting event we 're both involved in . 
  except during eu political talks too . 
  we would also love you even more if your damn pound did n't make your capital so expensive !, 
  you love your estonians brothers so much that you visit them all the time by ferry !, 
  with empty carts . 
  and pockets full of money . 
  i wonder why ... \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  france : italia is that cousin you see once a year during christmas family reunions , who always has a tan and talks loudly about his new car to make sure everybody notices , and wears a italia football jersey and fake gucci sunglasses , so even though he may be really nice , you ca n't help but be annoyed and you do n't understand why your family gives him so much attention . 
  belgium is that very young brother that you like to bully . 
  you call him a retard , make jokes about him and steal all his food ( fries and chocolate are french , amirite ? ), 
  even though he 's pretty much family . 
  spain is that uncle you do n't really care about , but you still visit him often because he always gives you great weather , the beach , parties and cheap food . 
  england is that dude from kindergarten that lives in the city next to yours .
