brune ou blonde ? 
   you can go months before you remember the monarchy exists . 
  except in spain , where every other week a new scandal regarding the royal family comes to the surface . 
  tax evasion , weird safaris in africa , alcoholism , corruption and all that shit . 
  they do n't really give spain a good image . 
   you 're sort of implying that we ( swedes ) do n't need to dub since we somehow understand it anyways , which is not true at all . 
  this is absolutely not what i implied in my post . 
  if you look at the vocabulary , phonology , verb tenses and conjugations or even the grammar , swedish is much closer to english than any latin language might be , for example . 
  now , does that mean that swedish should be considered as a mere dialect of english , and that it is the only reason why the average swede speaks very good english ? 
  certainly not . 
  but when it comes to learning the language at a young age along with your native language , it certainly helps . 
  and i actually learned a little swedish a long time ago , and knowing english helped me much more than knowing french . 
  just like knowing french helped me a ton when i learned spanish . 
  there might be correlation , but i 'm willing to bet that the fact that swedish and english are two closely related languages from the germanic family is a much bigger factor than tv dubbing . 
  28 degrees with sunshine today in barcelona . 
  the forecast for the coming days looks good : http://www.eltiempo.es/barcelona.html, 
  not mine , but [ this is what you can get in france ] ( http://forum.sfr.fr/t5/image/serverpage/image-id/34928i626220abdbc641c0/image-size/original?v=mpbl-1&amp;px=-1 ) . 
  i personally `` only '' get 50mbps in barcelona . 
   diluted in sodas you monster !, 
  tell me about it . 
  i live in spain and my spanish colleagues always make fun of me because i use butter for my sandwiches . 
  they find it disgusting and laugh at me while they are drowning their bread in olive oil , which i also find disgusting . 
  same for cooking meat or making an omelette ... 
   lots of people here complaining that in their country a suggested name is never used - or only used by the old and baffled . 
  that 's what i see as well , and i should mention that in france and spain at least , arrobase/arroba are used most of the time , for example when spelling an email address . 
  if you say at people will get it but it will sound like an anglicism . 
  http://www.securiteconso.org/coordonnees-de-centre-de-brules/ too, 
  the system as a whole costs a lot of money , but it 's not the medical procedures or medications that are `` sinking '' it , it 's people going to the er when there is no need for it , having to buy a box of 50 pills when you only need 5 , that kind of things . 
  last year i got operated and had to spend one week in the hospital . 
  the surgery and the care that i got were exceptionnal , and i did n't have to pay anything , but before leaving the dr came to give me a sick leave . 
  i only needed a week off , but he flatout asked me how much i wanted , and i could have easily gotten 3 weeks off , paid for by the health system . 
  this is what we need to fight against . 
  trains are jammed from 7 to 9:30 in the morning , and from 5 to 7:30 in the evening . 
  what do you want to do , force people to start working at 6am ? 
  wo n't happen . 
  plus this would make our companies less competitive if their employees start and stop working 2 hours before the rest of europe . 
  roughly 30 million tourists a year for the greater paris area . 
  both domestic and international visitors . 
  forecast for 2013 is around 32 million people . 
  source is the region 's tourist office ( `` crt idf '' ) . 
  i support it . 
  i support anything that annoys the english : o, 
  tennis tennis tennis tennis gay marriage gay marriage rugby tennis tennis tennis tennis tennis rugby tennis tennis tennis gay marriage tennis tennis . 
  i love heat . 
  i lived in se asia so i got addicted to the crazy hot weather and humidity !, 
  i know man , but ask a average eu citizen what he thinks of first about bucarest , and he 'll say this http://www.bucarestappartamenti.it/images/bucarest_img.jpg, 
  probabky because when you ask people to think about eastern europe , they 'll think about the ugly communist housing estate and the huge ugly buildings of warsaw and bucarest instead of the cute old towns that were n't flattened during wwii . 
  well to be honest my biggest `` oh boy i 'm wasted '' moments all happened in finland , and we 've got a close relationship with alcohol in france too , but i never saw people passed out on the sidewalks at 8pm on a friday anywhere but in finland . 
  estonia 's got one of the most awesome old towns of europe , in tallinn . 
  looks like [ this ] ( http://www.taistoreisid.ee/upload/tallinnavanalinn.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://nep2012.esn.ee/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/tallinn_1.jpg ) . 
  it is absolutely beautiful , i think they renovated it a few years ago . 
  it offers a nice contrast with the `` new '' part of the city too . 
  i did n't know where to go so i wandered around and felt like i was in russia at times , but not in a bad way . 
  overall it 's a really nice city !, 
   people go there to buy alcohol . 
  first time i took the ferry from helsinki to tallinn , i was wondering why people had empty shopping carts and luggage with them . 
  i immediately understood why during the return cruise . 
  all that stuff was filled with alcohol . 
  the boat was full of old people completely drunk . 
  there was this guy who was first in line to get out of the boat when we arrived in helsinki , and as soon as he got out he opened one of the beer cases in his cart and started chugging down beers . 
  the sad side of finland . 
  they also have the funniest word ever for `` taxi '' : ** takso ** . 
  ha , i know , but when you 've only had 2 or 3 days above 20 \u00b0 over the last 6 months , even the midnight sun feels baking hot !, 
  i 'm friends with the mosquitoes , i use good repellent and they usually leave me alone . 
  if they do n't i just find a hot place with no shadows , ie i row to the middle of the lake :d, 
  [ meanwhile in paris ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/azvdtl1.jpg ) this picture sums up our spring experience so far . 
  miserable temperatures ( 10-15 \u00b0 ) , constant gray skies and rain . 
  i just hope that we get blazing heat ( 30 + degrees ) for most of july-august to compensate !, 
  oh god how i wish i could be there , spending all my time doing nothing but going to the sauna , drinking cold beer , jumping into the lake and then laying down to watch the endless sunsets of the baking hot midnight sun . 
  [ france ] ( http://www.lineaires.com/var/li/storage/images/media/phototheque/carrefour-montelimar/20/103307-1-fre-fr/20_gallerie.jpg ) ( i did n't take the pic myself but it looks similar to a regular supermarket ) . 
  we love our cereals here . 
  there 's the typical muesli , corn flakes , and then a million kellogg 's / nestl\u00e9 cereals for kids ( and people like me ) . 
  i went to some supermarket 's online store and counted 80 different products ... 
  if you look at this pic and the american one , you 'll notice that the main difference is that in the us one there 's a dozen boxes of the same product . 
  if you did the same thing in a french supermarket i 'm sure you could fill a complete alley too . 
  the background story is a group of people , right-wing voters with conservative values , who were part of the middle/high class and held power of a country that had a very strong image around the world due to its economy and culture , and who are now realizing that they are slowly losing their status of being a powerful core of the society and of its political life , and that in a context of globalization , their country is losing that same status . 
  the problem is not gay marriage itself , it is that these people are witnessing a shift from a society where their views led the debate , to one where they are ignored . 
  this is why they have turned this law about gay marriage into a war , they know that their role within our society is at stake . 
  this is the exact same reason why one of the main debates going on here is a law that would allow french universities to give classes in english . 
  there 's a huge outcry of people who claim that this will lead to the death of french as an international language . 
  `` svenskatalande b\u00e4ttre folk '' ( swedish speaking , better people ) . 
  mostly applies to swedish speaking finnish people in finland , but it says a lot about how they view swedes as well . 
  for france it 's because of the [ massif central ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massif_central ) which is a region where numerous low-altitude mountain ranges are concentrated so most of it is uninhabited . 
  i 'm not looking for a scientific study or anything . 
  just crazy numbers . 
  that 's why i said borough or city . 
  i gave monaco 's density to give readers a reference . 
  paris is still quite dense though , and even my nearby city in zone 3 has a density on par with most of london 's boroughs , so that 's why i asked the question . 
  i often wonder what is the most packed borough or city of europe . 
  i know that the 11th arrondissement of paris has a population of ~ 150k people for a 3.6 km \u00b2 surface , which is roughly 42k people per square kilometer . 
  this is the highest number you 'll probably find for france , and twice as much as monaco or mumbai , but what about other european cities ? 
  loulan 's view is a little bit extreme . 
  i would n't say that all our regional languages are dead . 
  but they 're not very healthy either . 
  basque , along with breton , is one of the rare languages that lives through a community and its culture . 
  i 'm not sure what your `` plenty of people '' means , but the influence of basque in the french region is ridiculous compared to the spanish neigbours . 
  the article that op linked to is quite confusing and i do n't know what the eu texts include , but i think that efforts to develop the languages in schools would be a good idea , but making them mandatory or official languages along french would be stupid considering our values and history . 
  that 's because french is considered as the foundation of our culture and identity . 
  for a very long while there were 2 families of languages that coexisted , the o\u00efl languages ( in the north , with what is now french being the flagship language ) and the oc languages ( in the south , with what is now occitan being the flagship ) , plus latin itself as the language of the church . 
  they were quite different , o\u00efl languages were influenced by celt and germanic languages , while oc languages were influenced by latin languages .
