this was on their `` anti-maidan '' rally on february 21 in moscow http://www.novayagazeta.ru/storage/p/2015/07/09/1436442984_739577_72.jpg the sign reads `` we demand the wiping out of the fifth column '' . 
  boris nemtsov was shot on february 27 . 
  gamble on a bailout . 
  i 'm not sure what they 're offering though , it 's an ongoing negotiation . 
  you do n't know very much about the world 's financial institutions if you think they wo n't be able to borrow like everybody else . 
  argentina was destroyed by ( ongoing ) chronic incompetence , not by the default . 
  left wing populism destroyed many countries on their continent . 
  lenders can live with long term risks , that 's why they 're in the bond business and it 's very hard to argue the `` losing more in the long run '' in the case of ukraine . 
  you can call the european refugee camp prison , it will surely stop them from fleeing war zones . 
  this is very dumb populism . 
  clinging to a little may end up costing you a lot more . 
  just ask the creditors of argentina . 
  i 've never heard of fully transparent negotiations . 
  there 's no deal yet , not even a final proposal . 
  this anti-free-trade propaganda is getting ridiculous . 
  in a dutch bathyscaphe that he did n't burn or bulldoze for some reason . 
   putkonen even his name sounds like finnish for putin . 
  similar story : pavel kanygin , russian journalist working for russian newspaper gets abducted , beaten up by dnr kgb , accused of being on drugs , etc nonsense , deported . 
  russian authorities refuse to even investigate the case.http : / / www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-17/reporter-respected-russian-newspaper-detained-beaten-ukraine/6552902, 
  some law students could write a plausible fake agreement and sell it . 
  ( the negotiations are still ongoing , so this is just a stupid publicity stunt from wikileaks ), 
  do n't forget that they 're beautiful and intelligent , too https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ckzbhkywiaa58tb.png:large, 
   it 's nothing like cheese !, 
  is n't it just `` raw '' cheese ? 
  classic cheese is what you get when you let our \u0442\u0432\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0433 / tvorog age for a long time , imo . 
  if you can call stuff like mozzarella cheese , then i see why people would call tvorog cheese . 
   ukrainian army shells donetsk civilian hospital . 
  it 's not at all clear whether it was ukrainians . 
  it actually looks a lot like it was n't them . 
  avdeevka was shelled roughly at the same time . 
  it takes just one gun , mortar or tank to produce shelling like this , so let 's not jump to conclusions . 
  there are definitely armed factions that are unhappy with ukraine moving towards decentralization and that it 'll hold local elections in october that hopefully leads to some kind of normalcy . 
  good idea !, 
  i have a few questions i wanted to ask for a long time . 
  this is an important point . 
  it 's not a random blowup of hatred , it 's been cynically manufactured and used to create an ideological divide with europe and generally the west . 
  as far as i can tell this is the only real thing they can point to , it 's used for propaganda massively and unfortunately it 's working brilliantly . 
  most westerners just do n't understand how bad things have gotten since 2013 . 
  this is a different russia and it 's getting worse with the speed of light . 
  srebrenica is important to remember , it kinda explains kosovo , which was just 2-3 years after this . 
  many people still think that was premature intervention and an overreaction but un was one the ground with a mandate and peace deal and could n't stop this mass murder so ... 
  you forgot to mention that he was a soldier in a very ethnic-cleansing oriented force , to put it mildly  rade rogic , 38yo , got separated from his unit and lost in the woods edit : this website says it 's staged propaganda http://srebrenica-genocide.blogspot.ru/2006/04/srebrenica-massacre-photo-story-he-was.html  another allegation centred around alleged beheading of a serb soldier rade rogic , who turned out to be bosnian soldier , mustafa hadzipasic , who was ambushed , beheaded and videotaped by the serbian ( para ) military thugs during operation sanski most in 1995 . 
  the `` rade rogic beheading '' video is still extensively used by ultra-nationalist serb web sites to justify srebrenica genocide ( even though the event did not take place in srebrenica , and the person beheaded was not a serb soldier ) . 
  who is selling them weapons ? 
  afaik , nobody because the usa is n't allowing it . 
   they 'll never be able to pay it back after all . 
  you mean they 're gon na default sometime in the future when they do much better , but not now ? 
  that will never happen . 
  if ukraine survives the current period of extreme economic difficulty , this lowest point , it will be paid back eventually . 
  the greek money probably wo n't in full , it 's too much and the already prosperous greece ca n't outgrow that amount of debt . 
  the most creditors can hope for there are endless restructuring negotiations and * some * money in the very distant future ( greece has just rejected the `` slowly paying back '' deal ), 
  to go where ? 
  some people say they 're even lowering it in reports to not embarrass him with a north korea rating . 
  make of it whatever you wish . 
  there were a few of these huge dumps of hacked communication data from guys who basically run the whole shitshow as far as media relations/manipulations are concerned . 
  there was nothing shocking , except the tone ( how petty and dumb they are ) and how they boss around formerly respectable media outlets like that , and also trying to manipulate social media . 
  here 's some info about it http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-navalny-wife-tass-pictures-spiked/26941508.html, 
  afaik , there are leaked emails or texts of this blog asking for money for planted stories from putin 's administration ( timur prokopenko ) . 
  so there 's a direct connection . 
  have you heard of the kremlin leaks ? 
  let it be a surprise . 
  i 'm sure he 's gon na appeal the ruling . 
  / s how corrupt is the justice system in the baltics now ? 
  in iceland bankers were gambling and lost , and the government refused to bail them out . 
  but in greece it was kinda the whole state and they ca n't separate themselves from the debt the same way , even if they wanted to ? 
  they look happy !, 
  no harm done ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  no , he talked very clearly about using human shields and that remained the main tactic to this day . 
  i assumed you were russian too from your bias , but you seem to be just a really big useful idiot ? 
   putin himself fires hiding behind civilians ? 
  yes . 
  putin uses cities ( and civilians ) as human shields though . 
  what can ukraine do against that ? 
  i think it 's clear they 've been very restrained . 
  i can show you the decree from putin 's war in grozny : `` everyone who 's left in the city is considered a combatant '' etc, 
  well , they have religion on their side !, 
  ( and decades of soviet indoctrination ) and to be fair their worries are a bit more complex . 
  the remarkable thing about this march in ukraine is not just that it 's legal there , but that a president for the first time ever supported it , and neither branch of the orthodox church of ukraine said anything negative about it . 
  i do n't have time now to dig up better quality material but this should explain things  by the afternoon of 8 august , georgian forces had captured large parts of tskhinvali , but had been unable to take the northern quarter and a part of the city centre . 
  however , the georgians were meeting heavy resistance from the opposite side , ** including from russian air force and artillery . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  although that was n't a big deal , where i 'm from nazi worker strikes also had to be dealt with https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/novocherkassk_massacre, 
  go to the mediterranean . 
  croatia , montenegro , etc are cheap and interesting , and you do n't have to fly imo . 
  who was shelling is also an interesting question . 
  georgia did a snap attack , but then georgians were driven out . 
  but georgians did the shelling ? 
  you know how ours fight and `` liberate '' ... it was all blamed on georgians of course . 
  calm your tits , you did n't even get freedom 'd like ~ ~ hungary ~ ~ hungaronazis in 56 . 
  on this specific issue she 's factually correct though . 
  i disagree , south ossetia was building up militarily and looking increasingly like luganda is today , with increasingly war-like provocations , shelling from russian bases ( while they were n't supposed to have any heavy weapons - sounds familiar ? 
  ) , attacks on armored columns , all kinds of kidnappings and humiliations of georgian policemen , etc. 
  now we call that `` hybrid warfare '' . 
   `` socialism with human face '' . 
  we did n't need that . 
  but it was a collective warsaw pact decision against dubcek , even the hungarian guy said in the end that we should send in the tanks so you can blame everybody . 
   back in 2008 , saakashvili was `` provoked '' in a similar way that putin was a year ago . 
  putin was shelled by ukrainians ? 
  i did n't know this . 
  please tell me more !,
