  turkey really needs the support from the eu . 
  fuck the pkk , terrorist organization , nothing `` moderate '' about car bombers . 
  you mean like what happened in ankara ? 
  it 's only been a week and a half , i 'm sure people were n't highlighting their facebook photos with turkish flags over it . 
  it depends , i live in ohio and i know a couple of them , some are pretty alright , wish that it did n't come to it that way and what not , then some who thought the worst thing to happen was to break away . 
  it 's unfortunate that the dissolution of yugoslavia was n't as simple as the berlin wall falling though . 
  i have 72 dollars in my bank account . 
  i would like to buy one george washington please . 
  no , they want to throw money at israel instead . 
  massive immigration with the freedom to move around the eu minus the uk . 
  whats the worse that can happen ? 
  i guess that explains why nobody eats fish either here in the us . 
  they 've been open for 20 years , i hope i would n't be the first to correct them hehe . 
  yeah i was at a restaurant in cleveland that served shepherd 's pie with beef mince . 
  that was quite unfortunate . 
  i did n't even want to be that jackass to say something there . 
  british sheppard 's pie ca n't be beat anywhere in the world or us i 've found out . 
  most of the time they use beef mince for it instead of lamb mince . 
  does this sound as hilarious as i think it does . 
  a giant ethernet cable across the atlantic and connected into a computer in spain ? 
  so taking a page out of america 's economy back a decade earlier ? 
  yeah that does n't look too good . 
  it 's okay , we 're not the only ones , a lot of them still will never acknowledge the good things america has done for europe . 
  it 's where the pride part comes in . 
  yep , what else is new . 
  it 's an unfortunate truth about europe . 
  the cold war ended not that long ago , wwii a bit longer than that . 
  still many countries holding grudges against each other , disliking each other . 
  it 's always a `` them vs us '' mentality . 
  a lot of countries have to swallow their pride and move forward . 
  yeah well , you actually get arrested or shot by gangs/civilians for doing the shitting things these people are doing . 
  yeah , trying to negotiate with a non-recognized primitive terror state sounds like it would work . 
  maybe while we 're at it we all can apologize for not being born as pure muslims . 
  sounds like political suicide if it goes sour . 
  `` insert money/tax question here '', 
  i mean fuck , the whole disappeared plane from malaysia was a story for 3 or 4 months last year . 
  for all we know , isis could be 6 different villages or whatnot , who actually knows who they are ? 
  that 's good !, 
  i really did n't know , the uk used to be really bad about that sort of stuff , i hope the rest of europe follows through . 
  yeah i assume you 're talking about the spanish fans that threw a banana at a black player . 
  yeah in the us racism puts someone in a situation worse than even sexual offender status . 
  good points though i do agree . 
  yeah i 'm willing to agree with you , but we wo n't really know for sure , because there is n't much tolerance for that kind of behavior in the us . 
  some guy ran into the court at an nba game for some cause and got banned for life . 
  in some european countries , burning flags at the game is like second nature . 
  it 's kind of ridiculous . 
  i wish , maybe another space race will get humans on mars and europa, 
  yeah , i mean , for being considered a diplomatic president he 's not willing to put aside his differences with russia , and assad to help out for the good of many western countries . 
  for the first time we could see eye to eye with a common purpose russia and the usa , and he simply does n't want to do that . 
  well yeah , the nfl/the teams itself is n't afraid to ban anyone who goes out of line . 
  someone boo 'd at a moment of silence for paris at a green bay packers game and the star qb called them out and said that he has disappointed at them . 
  yeah easily . 
  i do n't know what it is . 
  nfl football fans here in the us can be just as bad except they can get banned for acting like idiots . 
  i do n't understand why hooligans are n't permanently banned, 
  living in america , nfl football fans and college fans can rival football fans but they all are among the worst kinds of people i 've wittnessed . 
  you mean the whole `` moderate rebels '' belief ? 
  yeah that is one of the most retarded things i 've ever heard . 
  somehow i keep hearing it here in the us that the moderate rebels want to win the war . 
  literally who is that ? 
  who ? 
  there is n't a fine line between the syrian government , those rebels , and isis . 
  i know here in the us we really hated dictatorships and basically non-democratic nations but there are times where i firmly believe that a lot of these nations in the middle east are better off being ruled by a stable dictator than ruled by an unstable democracy . 
  too proud to be broken by primitive savages . 
  eventually the line will be drawn . 
  europe , where ww 1 and 2 happened , the cold war , the french , austria , and russian empires . 
  europe has spent much of its history in warfare . 
  all this tolerance and multi-culturalism will eventually wear out and they will find themselves in a hole . 
  yeah , i 've went to school with many turks here in us half the time i do n't even realize they are muslims when they 're wearing nike shoes , and osu fan shirts . 
  government forces , rebel factions , isis , usa , russia . 
  would n't surprise me if there are fighters who 've found themselves fighting on every faction . 
  apparently a fucked up joke about welsh people shag sheep . 
  holy shit , you ca n't make this shit up ... 
  hahahahahahha scheisseporno ... god damn it . 
  yeah i really do n't want to see the death penalty go . 
  living here in the states if you do something fucked up like what tsarenev did , or that school shooter in oregon , you do n't have to rights to your own life anymore . 
  i do n't even think it 's possible to find a realistic positive solution . 
  i do n't think anybody wants either of those sides to completely take control and we know what happens if the us tries to force democracy on a middle eastern country ... yeah that did n't go so well . 
  your solution would be better than having assad or terrorists take control of the entire country but like you said , its not like that country will ever been the same again . 
  it 'll be an uphill battle for years to rebuild everything that was lost . 
  sorry i should of clarified that a bit . 
  when i mean banned , professors at that university could punish a student 's grades by use of banned words that he does n't like . 
  i agree , it 's like in the us , at washington state university where professors can ban `` words '' they do n't like . 
  i do n't mean things like swear words , racism , etc. 
  literally does n't like the word women to be used for a group of women . 
  what a complete idiot . 
  also another university in the us banned sombreros for being racist . 
  question for europeans , how important is it to go to a top university in europe ? 
  i live here in us for years and where you go to university is n't that impacting unless you go to private expensive schools . 
  is the difference of getting to go to oxford compared to heidelburg that big ? 
  i know the question is a bit vague but if you want me to clarify anything let me know . 
  i remember my parents telling it was possible that russia could have integrated early on and led the charge for a similar western-styled democracy after all the years of the soviet union , but obviously that did n't happen . 
  the soviet union in some ways did n't completely die . 
  it definitely is , makes you turn gray real fast . 
  if he was willing to run again like fdr did , he would have a good chance of getting re-elected again . 
  both biden and kerry were amazing politicians that worked with obama 's administration and it 's a shame they did n't give it another go , would of done really well . 
  americans are tired of bushes and clintons , they just are . 
  she would of been fine and been in the white house if she was n't exposed for her sketchy business with the dnc . 
  this was in the bag for clinton , it was her year , she risked looking for an advantage against bernie sanders and got exposed . 
  she has n't even made the white house yet , are the american people suppose to vote for her ?
