  people are really sensitive towards cultural progression . 
  we do n't have a big issue with romani in the us , but that 's also because anyone can be punished . 
  but do n't get me wrong , we do fuck up from time to time with the minority communities but i think it 's pretty bad practice for some of the euro countries to be resistant to punishing minorities out of fear of racial backlash . 
  i remember going on a trip to austria where there was some ridiculous number like 30 percent ? 
  of the country 's revenue is from tourism . 
  is it possible for greece to heavily sustain itself from tourism ? 
  it has quite a rich history . 
  of course i mean after they figure out some of the holes in their economy and tax structure . 
  i really wonder how deep the fifa scandal really is . 
  we had a discussion about this in class . 
  american university . 
  americans do n't understand why europeans really dislike the romani . 
  i was the only one within the whole class who had really strong negative opinions of them and you have to have experienced them in europe ( as i did when i visited germany/austria/switzerland ) to understand why people have a strong dislike or just flat out racial dislike of them . 
  they had a little girl go around steal someone 's 10 euros out of her purse and bring it back to them . 
  when you 're taught that as a kid , you 're raised in a shit thieve culture . 
  i 've see it all . 
  i 've see the worst out of whites , blacks , asians , but there has been always good sides of those ethnicity/races . 
  the only thing i 've heard positive about them growing up is that my parents said they were really great musicians . 
  finland ? 
  damn , you do n't hear many crazy things happening out there . 
  yep story of my life when i found a job at ups in the us . 
  there would be riots here in the us if the welfare system was anything close to what cameron wants to implement . 
  it 's different in the fact that the usa has grown and built up together . 
  starting from the 13 states , then the territories east of the mississippi , and the rest of the territories follow through . 
  it 's not like you can travel from maine to kentucky and expect to speak kentuckian language , it 's obviously english . 
  the usa is connected together historically . 
  in europe germany , greece , denmark , turkey , italy , everyone has their own history to a degree , their own languages , their own upbringings , hell all the balkan countries have their own languages apparently yet we can understand each other . 
  that 's a lot to work against when you want to form a more united europe . 
  i knew some russian born here in the states and said generally there is a fucked up mentality there . 
  told me that it is normal here if someone has a nice car you hope to make enough to buy your own . 
  but back in russia you wish the guys car is repossessed and given to you . 
  well it depends on what you mean . 
  we do n't have an academy that regulates serbians . 
  but the balkan are very nationalistic about calling their language their own . 
  even though we all can understand each other we call our languages serbian , bosnian , croatian , montenegrin , etc. 
  it 's been a while since i 've heard serbo-croatian . 
  you heard it here first folks !, 
  / u/the _ mods_are_jews is karl marx . 
  i mean , are n't f-15s phased out here ? 
  nice donation of course but i do n't think the us is losing anything doing this but of course helping out . 
  russia and democracy do n't belong in the same sentence ... unless if there are chuckles afterword . 
  it is interesting how an language isolate still survived through everything that 's happened in europe . 
  iberian , celt , and carthaginian settlement , roman empire , barbarian invasions of the visigoths and suebi , frankish empire , the caliphate conquests , and then the spanish kingdoms who reclaimed their lands , also the spanish civil war towards the end of it all . 
  usually language isolates do n't occur in open land like europe but more so when they 're separated by large seas and oceans , however it seems like the mountains and forests of that region did the same . 
   muslim country triggered  is serbian untriggered, 
  trump would n't be convincing the uk to stay in the eu for the sake of that shitty ttip/tpp deal i can say that at least . 
  remove kebab doctrine, 
  germany always gets the worst out of these statement maps haha . 
  either killed jews , needs to be bombed , or shit porno . 
  its a reason why i have a hard time buying into the moderate rebel viewpoint . 
  yeah , they are less extreme to isis , and not all kurdish factions may do this , but it does n't put them as a whole in a good light . 
  i know america has tried to look for that `` good guy '' out there around syria and borders of turkey but it 's just not there . 
  a moderate will find himself out of the middle east and in the west before taking up arms in the volatile middle east . 
  thank you brother , i wish the same for you and your loved ones . 
  got some colored eggs to tap with , lamb chops , and grilled veggies . 
  what a good day . 
  yeah , much like the other guy said , perhaps nothing interesting there for different people 's to migrant to . 
  not even the fear of attila i suppose . 
  `` so many black people '' oh my god , i was expecting baguette if anything . 
  if they wanted to piss of greeks they should have one of macedonia more greek than greece . 
  i am d\u00f6ner now, 
  really strange since it exchanged hands a lot ... carthage ( phoencian/libyans ) , romans , germanic goths and vandals , italians , some north africans . 
  still remained to this day . 
  british and german food is pretty underrated , even here in the mid-west united states . 
  sheppards pie ( with lamb not beef ) , fish and chips , and the big british breakfasts are amazing like many things when they are made from scratch and not out of a can or frozen box . 
  chip butty though is something strange i 'll admit , literally a french fry sandwich . 
  as far as i 'm concerned there are quite a lot of british chefs for a country that is suppose to have shit food . 
  tell me about it , that 's basically the case here in the us as well . 
  all the young voters are going to disappear once clinton and trump go to the general election . 
  nationalism is ok as long as it does n't block common sense and logic . 
  i wish a lot of nationalism was similar to france where you can be proud of your country without coming off as a stupid buffoon . 
  i know i was hearing around about some people talking about german , british , austrian , etc businesses or entrepreneurs coming into serbia to start up and there were people that i know who were seriously getting riled up about it calling them nazis , fascists , scum , dogs , dirt and saying that they came to steal our country and our lands , abuse our people. , etc etc. 
  there are still many people who are brainwashed by those 50 and some years of titoism who still ca n't see that things have to change for the better . 
  nationalism is great but it should n't hold your country back from progress , which is what it seemed to do for a long time . 
  it is something that has to change in the people where they can live for the future while being proud of their country . 
  yeah this is true , however it did n't really clear up iraq and afghanistan invasions off of the 9/11 attacks in which saudis played a huge part in . 
  american politics can be really confusing , even for myself as i live in ohio . 
  america is really aggressive towards dictators like gaddafi , assad , saddam , etc. 
  yet they befriend themselves with people like erdogan and the terrorist breeding saudis . 
  erdogan isnt as terrible as those guys above yet , but it is concerning and id expect him to do worse than blackmailing europeans and americans . 
  although thats obama for you . 
  hes pretty good for the american people but spineless with these foreign policy situations . 
  oh yeah definitely , it also really hit the eu with reality when the immigration crisis hit and nobody was agreeing on quotas and were figuring out how to get the issue out of their hands . 
  the eu became a loose friendship at that point, 
  hmmm , i thought they did , did n't they ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out why it still seems to be an issue among small member nations when it comes to federalism . 
  also , no i did n't mean that specifically towards the uk as they were always clear on their stance in the eu , i more so specifically mean that in general member nations and people really enjoy the eu when they can take advantage of it and play along , but do n't care for it when it is n't going so well which i think everyone is a little bit guilty for ... even non-member countries like ours . 
  the issue of a united states of europe would have the same issues that the united states of america had early on . 
  small states did n't want to be out govern or simply out-voted by the bigger states of the time by a simple popular vote . 
  countries like denmark , greece , croatia , lativa , estonia , etc. , that have small populations probably would n't want their interests to be completely discarded because they do n't have the voting power of a country like germany , france , uk , or italy . 
  so , when it comes to political matters i think voting power and a second variable would have to be used in order to balance the union . 
  they could use district votes such as the scandinavia district , the balkan district , the baltic district , etc. , maybe go even smaller than that to be more precise with vote numbers . 
  another thing a federal eu would need is for a lot of countries to put the union over their own countries , or their own interests , which would always be a problem with a union of many different nationalities . 
  especially if some of these countries loses their vote against an issue it would weaken the union if they did n't respect it , which is very well possible . 
  the last thing is the people . 
  there 's a lot of pride that has to look from a different perspective . 
  a lot of pride that has too change and look to the future , and how to connect with other europeans . 
  as it is now i see people in these countries that want to just point fingers when something is wrong and say `` big bad deutschland '' , `` big bad obama '' , `` big bad russia '' , ask for help from the eu and then go back home and tell fellow local citizens that the eu is bad !, 
  maybe its too foreign of an idea afterall , europe spent only 2500 years fighting and killing each other in the past . 
  there just simply a lot of people who see it as an opportunity to benefit and make money ... and yeah i 'm a proud european ! , and it was great when it was going well , and then now when there is an immigration and economic crisis , fuck the eu , fuck cameron , fuck merkel , time to get out !,
