  i live in the us and i voted for gary johnson personally but these two candidates are not a choice . 
  fuck term limits , obama should get another term instead . 
  here in the us this country seriously would of benefited from not having a term limit . 
  obama would have a 3rd term , which really been more of a reality than a corrupted clinton who was afraid of losing over a democratic socialist . 
  the part that is dangerous when it comes to clinton is that she 's going to be more aggressive than obama is when it comes to foreign policy , and i 'd only hope that she would consider all options before making any military response . 
  she 's had a shaky time as secretary of state . 
  everything else policy-wise is fine or good . 
  although , she 's going to have to need everyone 's help if she was to get reelected . 
  she going to have a lot of high standards so , unfortunately she 's going to need the radical democrats like sanders and warren , and the extreme right of neo-cons/tea-party candidates to help . 
  we will see how it goes tonight , maybe it wo n't be so bad if she has to do really well for her first term . 
  yeah , the debate format is awful . 
  but really , they should just turn off their microphone when they 're acting out of line . 
  what i was talking about with gore and bush , they talked about medicare for senior citizens and they always quoted each other plans and compared and contrasted each other 's plans . 
  we did n't really get any of that , plus the debate host should called them out for not answering questions , both clinton and trump have avoided questions non-stop , there 's a lot of be blamed on media as well . 
  i want all that honestly , but we need a congress that is willing to challenge either clinton or trump on bipartisanship . 
  it wo n't happen because democrats are bitter about the republicans blocking obama the entire time he was in office , but having a complete party control one way or another is n't ideal with our current candidates . 
  it 's a bit worrisome and dangerous , it would be ideal for the american politician system to work how it is intended which is for democrats and republicans to compromise with each other on issues . 
  i wo n't lie to you , a lot of it is non-sense which is why i said `` people '' and not `` sources '' . 
  however , i only remember of the final presidential debate where one of the general chiefs has said that clinton 's proposal of a no-fly zone may draw them closer into the conflict between syria and russia . 
  which obama refused to do . 
  the debate host asked her if she would shoot down a russia aircraft if it flew through that fly-zone in which she avoided answering the question , so it really is speculation if she would really do that . 
  i 'd say she is n't that dumb hopefully . 
  at one point you could really respect american politics , the election used to be a respectable event for anyone to see . 
  look at the 2000 presidential debate between gwb and gore , it 's a whole different world compared to trump and hillary , same with bernie and hillary . 
  there was n't constant interruptions , shit slinging , talking about bill 's sexual life , emails , grab her by the pussy , etc. 
  it 's a shame that gwb ended up being one of the worst presidents we ever could of had , but he conducted himself very well on the national stage of the debates . 
  everything changed this election , both hillary and trump after today need to be gone forever from american politics , they have destroyed this election 's integrity and respect that it used to have . 
  the best thing for the people here in the us and europe is a clinton win with a republican congress so we can stalemate for 4 years until 2020 for a `` better '' election i 'd hope . 
  i 'm not convinced that the republican party can put out a politician that is n't a tea-partist , neo-conservative , or a religious extremist , so it 's a long shot . 
  people say clinton will try to push her luck with russia but we can be real here for a moment , neither side is that stupid to want to fight with each other . 
  they were n't stupid in the 50s and 60s cold war , and they are n't stupid now about it . 
  much like the british referendum a few months ago , this too is a giant shit slinging fest between clinton and trump , whatever happens the country is n't going to dissolve and blow up . 
  american people just have to deal with 4 years of one of them and hope congress blocks them off from doing anything stupid and just look to 2020 for a victory . 
  if the american people survived bush , i think they will survive clinton/trump . 
  trump losing still might split the party up , especially if it was close . 
  trump brought in a lot of new republican voters this time around , and they wo n't stay around for the neo-conservative/tea-party gop if he loses . 
  although there is also the libertarian party which for a lot of people is the new republican party considering the gop 's shift to the right . 
  yeah , i live here in the us and it would be great if i could vote for obama for a 3rd term . 
  i guess too many americans got scared of the vice president gaining power with how fdr died in his 4th term . 
  it 's going to be a shitshow tomorrow night . 
  to put it into perspective . 
  here in the us we had a close vote of that of what brexit was , it actually was far closer than that , in the 2000 election of george w. bush and al gore where the popular vote was in favor of gore but bush won by electoral votes by states . 
  if that controversial election was n't decided by independent voters and florida we may have looked a different us , perhaps a different middle east , and possible a different today . 
  the difference of a few electoral votes and a florida recount was pretty disasterous for a democracy . 
  it 's even worse since a majority actually did n't win in that vote and everyone was the loser in the end of it . 
  there may never be a perfect system either , and yet it is still the best we have . 
  even if humans were perfect and impossible to corrupt , governments can still have flaws . 
  unfortunately sometimes even democracies are n't fair . 
  it 's come to the point here in the us , i just turn off the tv or video with regarding abortion . 
  it 's been abused so much in american politics , there 's more to politics and the future than just abortion . 
  it 's an argument that will never be solved by debate , it 's the reality . 
  i do n't believe in an abortion ban but that debate wo n't convince everyone that abortion is right regarding rape and it wo n't convince everyone abortion is wrong using religion as a basis . 
   kicked out of the eu is it really that simple ? 
  i mean , is anything different ? 
  has n't italy and spain been asking for help for years now ? 
  they 've seen the crisis far before everyone else did . 
  its very political no doubt . 
  i do n't see the sense of it , if you can understand and communicate with them does that mean you can speak 4-5 different languages ? 
  is that more of an accomplishment than being able to speak english and italian ? 
  i mean , its not like its just for us . 
  there other balkan countries we can communicate with and its helpful to have two different translated scripts much like how in canada you offer english and french versions on web pages . 
  i like that the europeans here ( maybe in their countries too ) are n't poisoned by the free trade garbage that we are dealing with here in the u.s. its actually pretty depressing to try to explain to some americans what anti-trust laws are suppose to do and usually the responses are socialism fear-mongering . 
  yeah crash course is amazing . 
  saved me through a psychology course . 
  i love these scandinavian countries that use these wood houses with really crazy colors . 
  i dont know anywhere on earth that does it like that . 
  everywhere south of america has some serious problems . 
  saddam ? 
  buy low , sell high, 
  yeah , i saw the american flag half mast the other day here in cleveland and assume something else happened because i do n't remember the last time it was fully mast to the top . 
   us run coup pointing fingers at the us is a very risky decision, 
  i hope everyone fences up, 
  yep , every corporation including little billy 's one man business is trying to set up in ireland because of the low corporate tax . 
  it 'll take many decades to clean up the brain washing the communist leaders done to a lot of countries . 
  expelling wealthy people , and making production and income equal based off one man who never had to actually work a real job in his life is one of the biggest tragedies in the last century . 
  yeah , i do n't see that happening just because that open a pretty huge door for american whistle blowers . 
  to what extent would they find themselves in an eu company to do it , i would n't know . 
  there 's probably a lot out there for whistle blowers to reveal , expect they 're afraid of getting blacklisted and in trouble in the law to do it . 
  yeah , bernie sanders has had one of the strongest `` youth '' driven campaigns that i know of . 
  perhaps even the strongest there ever was . 
  it really just was n't enough . 
  yet , it was really cool seeing some friends around my age on facebook getting the word out that there 's going to be an election coming up and to go out and vote , even if it is n't about bernie , not voting is a terrible attitude to have . 
  back during the mid-term elections to vote in representatives and senators into congress , it seems like nobody under the age of 30 even knows it exists . 
  voting in mid-terms is just as important as voting for president or party nominee . 
  i never understood fighting to lower the voting age to 18 just for it to go to waste . 
  that 's ... a fucking armory . 
  shit . 
  yeah , americans know this better than anybody , a electoral vote and independent voters brought forth one of the worst , if not the worst us president in the last century . 
  a majority of people got a president they did n't vote for . 
  yeah while the young voters are apparently `` misguided '' and `` misinformed '' in the us as well as the uk . 
  it kills me in the u.s seeing baby boomers vote for people who want to take their social security benefits away , while the millennials get thrown under the bus for `` national debt fear mongering '' . 
  why do the older people in britain believe in leaving ? 
  is there something about the old britain that younger people are `` too naive '' to understand ? 
  i mean , cycling , like come on , armstrong was n't the only one who 's done it . 
  doping should be banned , but not enough of it is being done , russia was probably an easy target considering how stupid it was , olympics still going to be a filthy sport maybe with the exception of a few sports where the athletes need to stay clean in their respective countries/leagues . 
  i remembered this old story from my dad growing up about this romanian guy at work here in the us in the 90s about how that man decided to leave everything behind and try to escape from romania to yugoslavia , he ran all the way to the romanian-yugoslav border and waited 3 days/nights to find the opportunity and he ran as fast as he can through the border and on to yugoslavia where he eventually made his way to the u.s as yugoslavia allowed people to leave if they wished . 
  a lot of these stories of germans escaping the east is much like that . 
  `` haha , fuck you guys with your horses , i have a mechanical chariot ! '', 
  its an interesting idea , yet after hundreds of years , the influences of the catholic church , the byzantine empire , and prussian/austrian empires , we 're farther part than ever . 
  i mean , serbs are more related to greeks than a lot of other slavs .
