  here it is democrat or republican that 's it . 
  we do n't have a green party , a progressive party , a libertarian party , hell not even a socialist party that is n't even near as strong as those two . 
  all other parties combined do n't even make 3 percent of the vote . 
  i hate this mentality so much . 
  it 's like everywhere . 
  the ignorance is incredible . 
  these people spent a good deal of their life studying to be a doctor and there 's people out there who think they know better . 
  anything that involves a high educated person telling someone a change or a change that has to happen is always met with stupid resistance . 
  ( the-american-interest . com ), 
  you know as someone who lives in the us and speaks both languages . 
  i never thought about sto being a false cognate . 
  i remember talking to a russian language instructor recently here in the us university . 
  he says the russia education system is a lot like a streotypical prestigious university except without the prestige . 
  in which you 're expected to believe in what you 're taught if you wanted to advance . 
  having unpopular opinions was going to hold you back . 
  lol it shocked me that here in the us that passed . 
  consider how hard the south was holding us back from it . 
  i thought europe would achieve it first . 
  lol mississippi . 
  i agree but damn i did n't realize how much the mods here get openly criticized . 
  lol , sounds like our congress here in the us . 
  is n't alemmanisch more so swiss german than anything ? 
  well , i mean , they sure as hell wo n't be playing for broke serbian teams . 
  oh yeah definitely . 
  people do n't like doing what 's expected of them when they 're young . 
  illegal substances is up there . 
  i do n't think america has much to be sad about . 
  unfortunately , yes we have gender bias when it comes to rape/sexual assault , but i do n't think we are that far off . 
  we 're pretty good at punishing teachers of both genders who have sex with their students though . 
  that 's a step heh . 
  point is though i think most countries in europe lack the kind of social science advancement that u.s has . 
  we 're just pussies when it comes to change . 
  feels like people really like the thrill of doing things that are illegal . 
  well good , i hope the us picks that up as well . 
  it 's so dumb that we cut so much science spending . 
  i 'm going to be majoring in biology does n't make me feel good haha . 
  do the people of normandy really identify themselves as normans ? 
  america also is n't afraid to deport illegal immigrants . 
  we had a lot of people come in but we built a border with trained police to keep migrants out . 
  also , south americans/mexicans play a big role in our economy and we welcomed them to a point considering how many spanish speaking americans live here . 
  i think italy would take our immigrants over the african/middle eastern migrants they are getting bombarded with any day . 
  source : live in the us, 
  i really am convinced this issue will come down to the last minute . 
  i do n't think either side wants to actually solve this issue tomorrow if it does n't give either side some victory in it . 
  someone is going to lose in the end of it . 
  there wo n't be a win/win which is for damn sure . 
  russia and china being allies is about as old as the soviet union ... them being enemies are also true as well . 
  kind of a love-hate relationship eh ? 
  scandinavia really enforces immigration as well learned from history . 
  your name will leave a mark on someone 's dad that 's for sure . 
  christ , what a harsh comment , but as much as we do n't want to believe it . 
  it is the truth . 
  i do n't know how many fucking migrants does europe expect to take in . 
  eventually they have to say no right ? 
  yeah well , the reason why it has n't be getting too out of control here in the us is the fact that we actually send them back . 
  we do n't care , they came in illegally and were n't willing to join by our rules so we deport them . 
  problem though was the fact that so many got here illegally before it became a huge issue and eventually we built a wall between mexico and the us . 
  i do n't think it 's only the germans , it feels like most of europe does this . 
  it just feels like there 's just so much fear in europe for the return of early 20th century racism that nobody wants to be put in the position to dealing with people who come into your country illegally . 
  i get it , i understand people come from bad war torn countries looking for a better life . 
  but europe should n't give people shit , if they want a better life , they need to work their way into it by europe 's rules . 
  i do n't think anyone is opposed to immigrants working their way into the system and being citizens . 
  people have issues with parasitic migrants who are expected to be given something who 've trespassed in their own country . 
  lol , here in the us if you 're an illegal immigrant we actually deport you . 
  but no , the us is n't perfect but they do n't mess around with the law , they are n't afraid of racial/ethnic backlash if they need to do something . 
  considering all that is happening , nobody is laughing at uk for the choices they 've made concerning the eu . 
  i hope the immigrant can swim across france if they 're expecting to get there hehe . 
  i feel like even though most people are expected to know english , there are still language barriers . 
  for example , like how fucking blunt some politicians are . 
  like it feels like they wanted to be a bit soft on their argument but did n't know the words so they said it at a very harsh matter . 
  well , it sounds like the law put europe in pretty tight spot to deal with that . 
  only thing i can think of is that italy puts in a lot of border police and keep them out if that is legal . 
  wow , the problem is really that deep then . 
  yeah this is definitely true . 
  we also do n't have nationalism/patriotism between our states . 
  not many people identify themselves as ohioian or carolinian . 
  you 're right though european politicians are very blunt about it . 
  it 's going to be a pretty long process for europe . 
  you do n't really have a country that 's been around for centuries all of sudden assimilate into western democratic standards . 
  especially for countries who went through near a century of communist abuse . 
  yeah someone tried to break in a neighbor 's home a street over . 
  all i heard was 3 gunshots and that was the end of that . 
  i 'm glad we have self-defense laws for home invaders . 
  i do n't get why stuff like that can happen . 
  i remember being in munich walking around public square eating ( stereotypically lol ) a big pretzel and being with the tourist group for hours . 
  we could n't find a cop if we wanted to . 
  i live in the us of a city of 50,000 people that has about 50 or so employed cops . 
  my mistake , yeah that is a lot of money , also a lot of jobs as well . 
  oh no problem . 
  yeah i mean it depends , i go to a semi-liberal university ( cleveland state university ) so there 's a lot of people with really `` social justice '' viewpoints . 
  many people who take a lot of urban culture studies who thinks that any culture can be accepted into society . 
  that 's pretty easy for us to say , except for the fact that we do n't have to deal with 20-30 cultures/neighboring states . 
  gypsy season . 
  the problem is here in the us we like to relate everything to either nazism or 1950s black racism . 
  yes there are black people here that contribute to our society . 
  yes we have many accomplished black people up the ladders . 
  thing is black people here are n't taught to steal by a near majority . 
  americans do n't think that a culture can be taught to do bad things . 
  someone mentioned that in the us a lot of cultures are forced to semi-assimilate and keep whatever traits that are acceptable . 
  that 's fine but you 'll get killed politically in europe if you do that .
