x ) hehehe . 
  i wish the balkans can for once just grow up and move past our differences . 
  its just a nonstop pissing contest at this point . 
  yeah , it 's such a shit show really . 
  the eu definitely needs reforming and it really needs the input from all its members and not the few biggest members . 
  i really want to say these are the growing pains for the eu but it very well may have the union burn to the ground considering how fierce this issue is . 
  it 's very different from switzerland and austria . 
  in switzerland we had food served to us like a 5 star restaurant in some little hotel by lucerne by the owner with such warm welcome . 
  then there 's germany where a lot of people are very nice to you and some that just have a grump face to them . 
  confusing sometimes . 
  although i have n't been anywhere else than bavaria or the black forest . 
  yep spain grew in the same matter as france , england , italy , holy roman empire , etc. 
  it was a lot like a medieval version of the ancient greek city states . 
  not to go too deep into history but the fall of the western romans put europe in a dark age that even had some indirect effect even today, 
  do any germans here can confirm this ? 
  i really want to know . 
  it 's something i wanted to know from german teacher in high school here in the us and my travels to the german speaking countries . 
  i felt like everything i 've learned from german , there was very little history , even their proud history from middle ages to the industrial age was very brief . 
  it 's close to kako si in serbo-croatian . 
  made me giggle . 
  yeah well , when everyone is making money and prospering the european union was a great and genius idea !!!, 
  now when there 's a large challenge that threatens every country , everyone is out to save themselves and throw each other under the bus . 
  it 's a shit mentality . 
  if they 're willing to take the benefits and money of the eu they should be willing to take in the issues of the eu . 
  hmmmm ... something something crusade , something something dark side complete, 
  i was in m\u00fcnchen where i saw that . 
  vw took me by surprise , i thought it was a car for people here in the us to buy so they can claim they have a german car lol . 
  when i was last time in germany i saw a shit ton of bmws and citoens . 
  so ... they 're basically mercenaries ? 
  hopefully one everyone can enjoy this time !, 
  issue is that he has connection to the people and said really shitty things . 
  serbia could bring in a us grad student with serbian background to the country and he would be considered the best leader in its history . 
  that 's how messed up the situation is . 
  everyone who wants to lead the country and move it forward was involved in the wars in the 90s . 
  i believe people can change but nobody wants to give a benefit of a doubt to politicians who were involved anyway negatively to those issues . 
  i do n't know , i ca n't tell you because i was raised in the us where many of the balkan peoples can get along and respect each other here . 
  i 've made friends with many cool croat friends . 
  then we see what goes on back home and nobody here would ever go back to that shithole . 
  you 'll get a more civilized discussion on / pol / than you will here at times . 
  oh yeah , they really just played the middle man for years , no need to align with nato or warsaw pact . 
  what is it between the mods and admins makes it different when bringing in actual people to do amas . 
  resources ? 
  because would n't an admin have to do the same thing you guys would to bring them in ? 
  which at this point is email . 
  there 's people who put a lot of dedication onto reddit , this is n't made entirely by reddit admins , victoria , or pao . 
  being a subreddit mod , especially a big one is like having a job except it does n't pay . 
  you can try and make every good decision you can but there 's always going to be people who are unhappy with it . 
  especially in / r/europe where everyone here thinks the mods are the second coming of hitler . 
  i do n't care if people agree or disagree with the decision , point is i already know how this subreddit behaves , they 're just going to go back to trashing mods but nobody is willing to put in any actual solutions or suggestions . 
  topkek my friend, 
  why are you surprised ? 
  this subreddit shits on the mods every single day , the environment in here is toxic as hell . 
  so many pissed off man children . 
  they do n't have to do shit for us , we all can go fucking use 4chan , or cnn , or whatnot . 
  no i mean retard logic , logic of the retards . 
  i do n't get why everyone here was so fucking angry about / r/europe making this decision . 
  they 've went offline for not even 12 hours . 
  a lot of subreddits went down over this controversy . 
  you guys are just going to shit talk the mods anyways if they do or do n't make a decision . 
  you guys can go use / r/worldnews or / pol / if you really needed it that bad . 
  jesus christ you 're acting like a child . 
  you say not to care about reddit admins and then cry about the sub being put on private . 
  retard logic . 
  serbia has really back out aligning between the western and russian spectrum for a while now . 
  and it 's a good thing too , i know it 's not easy but keeping out of the dirty politics always benefits the country . 
  i do n't understand why austria of all countries would want an eu exit . 
  i 've been there on an educational tour from the us . 
  it is a lot better than the other smaller countries of europe . 
  like fuck doing a lot better than serbia that 's for sure . 
  lol did n't they report that they cured cancer , aids , ebola , and basically everything known to man ? 
  what a joke . 
  the north or south ? 
  i mean the balkan countries are enjoying the extra business from the political unrest . 
  well it 's not like trying to jump on board to the eu is a way to get `` free '' money anymore . 
  serbia would actually have to work to get there . 
  it does n't help the fact that countries can cherry pick when they feel like to be apart of the union . 
  everything thinks for their own country when things go bad . 
  does anyone actually know how hard the euro is dropping from this decision ? 
  i would n't be surprised if it makes a really bad impact on it . 
  it does n't help that we get the same group of asshat politicians back that nobody wants . 
  what the hell does jeb bush offer to us ? 
  or hillary ? 
  or huckabee ? 
  neither side has politicians that want to offer a realistic solution to many issues . 
  one side is basically `` let money flow from the top to the bottom '' and the other side is `` we need as many welfare programs as possible '' . 
  lol bernie sanders as a socialist . 
  the republicans were admiring vladimir putin because they were so bitter about losing the last 2 elections . 
  you could find the most moderate democrat to come out on top and the republicans still will find a way to accuse him of being a socialist pushover . 
  i honestly do n't know how its going to play out . 
  do people really want the same presidential families in office ? 
  i think not but money does a lot for a campaign . 
  everyone loves the eu when people are happy , making money , and the euro is strong . 
  when the bad times come in everyone runs away from the situation and all of a sudden it is n't a european problem it 's a `` greek '' , `` german '' , `` british '' , `` french '' etc problem . 
  nobody is willing to put europe on top when crisis comes . 
  that 's a very concerning issue . 
  it would n't go well , but it would be the only time where we could see humans of all nationalities work together . 
  because i am a serb who lives and studies in the us . 
  what a shit post really lmao . 
  a thread where we can talk shit about americans as much as we can and claim europe is better and then turn around dump a bunch of garbage discriminating words towards another eu nation because of nationalistic fucknuts . 
  because in britain there 's more than two parties that are `` votable '' .
