  damn , i did n't realize it was actually that bad , how did they get bullied into the eurozone ? 
  was it economic pressure on the greek economy ? 
  there 's a lot of things i wish the us had from europe like their environmentalist policies and certain social programs , but overall i think i enjoy a lot of the personal rights of the us . 
  it 's not perfect though , there 's corruption here like every single country in the world does . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the press created donald trump for who he is because they backfired so many times trying to make him look bad . 
  we still have our freedoms somehow after neo-con george w. bush , we still will have them after either hillary or trump . 
  diaspora :(, 
  yeah i got it , i had to look it up , i honestly never heard nem used as mute enough to remember . 
  i always knew mute as `` mutov '' which obviously is more rude . 
  edit : nevermind i understood now , i had to look it up . 
  they literally could n't understand us is what you meant . 
  were they still called \u00d6sterreich even before the hapsburg empire ? 
  would they not have a different name if they were a kingdom within the hre ? 
  well , thats in part of germany not being a unified state until the late 1800s . 
  a lot of countries named germany after historical reasons , or from its former tribes . 
  allemagne/allemania/etc was a germanic tribe from roman/post-roman times that still is a german dialect today . 
  finland and estonia call them after sachsen/saxony . 
  not sure really why slavs call them nemacka , alternatively at least in serbo-croatian we refer to germans as swabe , which is from the swabia region . 
  i was told however by a german it sometimes is derogatory . 
  i saw kurva , knew what it was exactly . 
  the balkans were always beautiful countries ... all of them , every country has its own beauty . 
  germany and austria has their cathedrals , castles and palaces . 
  switzerland has their mountains and hospitality , france has their monuments , and cuisine . 
  balkans have their clean and beautiful landscapes and seas . 
  that 's really cool , icelandic is really interesting to me because it seems like the most ancient form of the scandinavian languages ... in other words it still related to norse in many ways that feels like a semi-isolate language since iceland got colonized . 
  trying to learn german and maybe one more language ( russian or french ) when i decide to go into my graduate program for my mba . 
  i wish i had time though ... : /, 
  greek like a lot of slavic languages ( except the latin script ones ) turns people off having to learn a written script beforehand . 
  why ???????? 
  i have not an idea how hes still there . 
  well , yeah . 
  america fucked themselves already in two wars in the past , can you blame them ? 
  maybe he should of thought of that before blackmailing the eu . 
  yeah and i finished my master 's degree on reddit ... x ), 
  it almost completely dominates cycling , i did n't realized to what extent until i was doing an english paper on lance armstrong . 
  yeah , i ca n't say that he was the brightest of people put in power . 
  he also was a complete asshole at the worst of moments regarding a few controversies ... while people do n't even know if he actually earned a master 's degree . 
  i have no clue , how do slavic people claim to be descended from classical greeks while still living and migrating around the eurasian steppes . 
  india did their little video on using toilets , that did n't over so well with the community . 
  i wonder how good these polls are compared to the ones from the brexit and us elections . 
  it does n't seem that assuring that le pen will lose . 
  serbia is n't the only country that has corruption . 
  plus the western media favors pro-eu/liberal/progressive candidates in name . 
  even if vucic is an autocrat who tries to silence the media . 
  the eu looks at him as the only piece the eu has in serbia while the alternatives may not always be friendly towards the eu . 
  i live in the us and we basically turned our backs when he heard about obama 's drone strikes , his attack on privacy rights , and so on because he is a democrat and is part of the `` good '' guys . 
  i 'm pretty convinced if erdogan was more pro-eu and did some of the other autocratic shit he 's done that has no effect on the eu , they would just turn their backs the same way . 
  i think vucic has the advantage where he was able to choose the right friends or ... being on the `` good '' side really . 
  being someone who lives in the us , i 've seen this happen with obama where some of the more terrible decisions he 's made ( privacy , mass surveillance , drones ) were more or less brushed under the rug because he was a democrat and basically with the `` good '' guys . 
  vucic to me seems like more of a `` secretive '' right winger with some of the shit he does rather than the progressive/centre politicians that we would like to believe . 
  i would have to imagine people have like 2 or 3 parties ( are there coalitions ? ), 
  in mind when voting . 
  why would someone have to learn the moderate right or right wing politicians ( assuming progressive/pro-eu/etc voter ) when someone does n't plan to vote for them ? 
  ideally political parties should have made those kinds of choices easier . 
  in america its another thing when there 's only two relevant parties with ( neo-conservatives , moderates , progressives , neo-liberals ) labels within the parties that make it difficult . 
  i can write in mickey mouse as president of the united states of america . 
  can holland do that ? 
  i 'm not entirely convinced it 's isolated but there 's not enough proof to compare it another related language . 
  there 's a few different theories . 
  yeah , i live in the us and going over to germany a few years ago was far less intimidating than going through tsa here . 
  i got questioned and patted in the netherlands and they would just have friendly chat with you while patting your legs , arms , and all the in between . 
  it really seems like a problem a lot of countries are having . 
  kind of a difficult situation for many . 
  for the us there 's the investigation of the email servers , then the investigation of trump 's involvement with russia . 
  how can an investigation agency go through a quick and accurate investigation within the election time frame , or before a president-elect becomes inaugurated . 
  can the agencies be non-politicized , can the candidates speak out against the investigations , etc. 
  if you ask me , it would be more beneficial to do some checks and possible investigations before they commit to a presidential/election race ( if this already is n't the case ) . 
  yet , it may not be always accurate . 
  a bit of a complex problem . 
  american media catered to that retarded `` showdown '' election . 
  just this week they had bernie vs cruz on healthcare reform and it was advertised on cnn like they were going to fight on wwe . 
  everything has to be made like it 's entertainment in the us . 
  quite frankly i think europe is better than that . 
  it 's sometimes really interesting how these minor liberties came to be in the gdr and possibly in other soviet bloc countries considering the authoritarian nature of those nations . 
  atheism , nudity , and sexuality is sometimes an ongoing issue with a lot of modern democratic nations . 
  not to say it was perfect in the gdr and elsewhere at the time , yet it is among the `` interesting facts '' of the gdr in some sense . 
  various ones , i 'm not a med student , but of the ones i 've heard about locally is that germany and poland are some popular destinations , but really i can imagine it works for any country depending on a lot of different factors including university , and accreditations . 
  this is already a popular trend here in the us where medical school costs as much as some middle class housing . 
  people studying abroad and then coming back spending 10 % -20 % of what they could have spent at home universities . 
  paying more does n't necessarily mean its better nor does it mean you get a free pass in life . 
  i live in the us and i 'm pretty sure le pen would more right wing than some of the republicans here including trump . 
  thanks my friend . 
  i lived in the us for most of my life and barrack obama was one of the craziest elections i can remember other than this obvious one . 
  we all thought we were going to be saved from bush 's neo-cons and see the return of america that we saw in the 80s and 90s again , universal healthcare , a diplomatic approach towards foreign policy , etc. 
  it really was n't what we thought it would be after 8 years of bush and 8 years of obama i 'm not surprised people lost faith in both of the parties and people like bernie and trump surged . 
  i do n't expect this administration to be any different , yet i wish more people would be honest with themselves about this and stop pretending like we had it great with the previous president when there were a lot flaws to him . 
  the left did see it that way before this election and president happen . 
  a lot of people did n't like tpp , did n't like mass surveillance , etc. , kind of all was swept under the rug when trump got in office . 
  i 've never heard of any nation passing a law that 's more blatant corruption or money laundering than that one . 
  what the fuck . 
  i think some americans felt the same before basketball mussolini when they realized he was n't going to stop the patriot act and mass surveillance in the us . 
  for being a progressive candidate at the time he really liked using bush-era policies on many things . 
  lol , i suppose he was n't !, 
  oh yeah , john adams accuses jefferson of sleeping with slave women , yeah , really is n't anything new from today . 
  politics has always been dirty since the start . 
  i know people are really surprised about today 's politics , but really it is n't anything new . 
  there 's these japanese yosuku ( means western cuisine ) restaurants the add ketchup to pasta and then serve it with rice . 
  really weird , but apparently they do n't have tomatos in japan . 
  cool mini-documentary on youtube .
