  the original united states was stupid . 
  it was more like a loose confederation of allied colonies . 
  if you give somebody the option to pay taxes to the government , you know those states would rather not pay any . 
  that 's why there 's the current government where you are forced to do things in exchange for being part of the union . 
  if you do n't like it , rally support for those issues , but you simply ca n't choose to not do it . 
  that 's a first , seems like a lot of serbian people on reddit do n't like him very much . 
  look at america , not really any different . 
  most politicians here rely on expecting the young voters to disappear by election day . 
  ultimately , what does this mean for greece ? 
  does throwing more money at the country makes things better or worse ? 
  the panama papers has been one of the best things to happen anywhere for a long time . 
  politicians here in the us or in most parts of the world would n't of done anything or even mention tax evasion at all . 
  climate change is still taught in universities thats for sure , i 've heard for the first time in my life that some people in the us thought universities were poisoning people 's minds . 
  that 's a really shitty low , even by the worst standards . 
  yeah , you got a really good point as well . 
  a lot of us presidents were involved or heavily involved in armed conflict or the military in general . 
  i remember after bush 's first term , john kerry ran against him who was a vietnam veteran with 3 purple hearts and other awards . 
  at that time he ran as the democratic equivalent of a bush administration . 
  now days , while a politician still can run who 's had military experience , there 's an influx of lawyers , businessmen , and polsci politicians more than ever before . 
  the us itself actually has had a hard adjustment period after communism has fallen . 
  in american politics it seems like for the past 20 years they 've needed to find a new enemy in the world , in what would be considered the safest period to live in human history . 
  a lot of politicians ' careers were created out of fear of the soviets and having a strong foreign policy . 
  george w. bush and later on john mccain tried to create this giant threat that came out of the middle east with saddam hussein , iran and osama bin laden . 
  america did n't even need a coalition , they could of stormed baghdad with 10 tanks and taken over the country . 
  the closest thing to any superpower war in today 's time would probably be with china ... and not a military war either , it would be an economic war . 
  so , for a lot of politicians here , they would love it if russia could make another cold war happen again , but thats pretty far from reality . 
  it was one doctor who started that anti-vax hoax , and because of that one doctor a lot of people followed on to it . 
  that 's pretty scary to do something like that . 
  not sure about europe but in the u.s people do n't want to admit climate change because it would change a lot of industries , and probably create and kill jobs as a result . 
  i think it is a good thing but then again my job is n't on the line for it , but its something that needs to happen . 
  that 's basically what trump and sanders have been called though , some others are stuff like sanders is a communist jew , and trump is a racist nazi buffoon . 
  a serious and legitimate politician discussion here in the u.s is a running gag run by shitty news media and tabloids . 
  it 's unfortunate to see it also is happening in germany as well . 
  what the fuck is up with people all over the word denying climate change ? 
  i thought this was just an american republican thing to do ? 
  is it really that hard to understand for the average person ? 
  yeah this is true , i work on ebay and amazon , sometimes shipping internationally can really screw you if you do n't keep the shipping calculator in set . 
  damn , we really get fucked for it . 
  sometimes its up to 20-30 dollars if it is n't under 1 lb . 
  i 'm good lol , it would probably cost 30 euro to ship internationally . 
  if they sold it here in the us i would get one . 
  i 'd wonder if its actually good . 
  i want some of that nazi kefir to drink now . 
  mine was n't , i was hungry . 
  yeah , this kind of stuff is n't really exclusive to one religion . 
  it 's happened in serbia , happening in kosovo and bosnia now . 
  tbh , i 'm eating a kebab right now with onions and yogurt sauce . 
  am i a disgrace to the serbian people ? 
  i mean , we 've endured communism for 5 decades , who really thinks that 's better than living under the ottoman empire , especially those who were ussr puppet states . 
  obviously i 'd say no now , but people would be kidding themselves if they thought absolutely nothing good came out of the ottoman empire or its occupation . 
  `` you miss 100 % of the shots you do n't take '' - adolf hitler ( kinda ), 
  yeah i think so as well . 
  st. petersburg and philadelphia are historically unique cities for their respective countries . 
  its simply that a lot of parties and politicians are benefiting from the recent crisis that 's been happening in the eu . 
  it 's a bit of a reaction to all the syrian refugees , grexit , brexit , russia/ukraine , etc. 
  it 's not that they are wrong or nazis at all as the article has equally said but you ca n't really expect all the parties and politicians to retain their power or majority if under their leadership things got worse . 
  i mean , shit here in the us if we brought in over a million syrian refugees we would be voting for george w. bush for a 3rd term ... haha . 
  1700s :  italy  city states, 
  well , yeah , reagan conservatism and neo-conservatism is basically the basis for a lot of republicans in america now . 
  the guy above me mentioned western europe . 
  the byzantines themselves attempted to reconquer the west for a moment though . 
  yeah , it was pretty catastrophic the way that the western roman empire ended . 
  the closest thing to bringing them out of the dark ages was the frankish empire that modeled themselves after the romans and since then , it was a good few hundred years until they 've recovered . 
  they engineered way too many designs , it was n't going to win them the war when they were outnumbered by t-34s and shermans . 
  perhaps there is a difference in values and beliefs between the german people and merkel . 
  basically he wants any negative comments of dutch turks to be reported to the turkish government . 
  which that puts any family they have in turkey at risk . 
  it 's pretty self explanatory . 
  erdogan is the president of turkey . 
  he 's attempted to contact europeans on turks who 've spoken against him so he can punish those at home . 
  he influenced the trial against the man who wrote the negative poem about erdogan . 
  he also continues to blackmail the eu with refugees over turkish visas . 
  basically he 's burning every single bridge that he 's come across . 
  there are probably a ton of human rights violations within his own people and kurds . 
  i ca n't say that anybody likes that guy . 
  a lot of those balkan nations are also pretty damn good at water polo . 
  there are a lot of those countries who have their moments in basketball as well . 
  lithuania , france , spain , serbia , croatia , greece , and germany had/currently have some really good nba players . 
  it seems to be common in a lot of communist/former communist nations . 
  yugoslavia had titograd ... which was renamed to podgorica . 
  between that and destroying any monarchy elements of those countries . 
  i think a lot of us can be considered related in some way or another to turkic/mongol/indo-iranian / slav steppe people . 
  it 's not really a secret that the entire east and south europe with the exception of greece were migrated peoples who entered into the roman/byzantine lands . 
  just like hitler, 
  baklava is greek, 
  `` southern serbs '' please dont offend alexanders people like that, 
  so basically there were a lot of short-term decisions being made and everyone thought the euro would of just fixed a lot of the issues at the time , instead it ended up being a small band-aid for a far bigger issue . 
  between that and a lot of transparency issues of what actually problems greece was facing ... and hiring the most well known accountants to play with your numbers . 
  that 's a pretty insane ride in greece . 
  especially with what happened with the panama papers , this kind of stuff is more genuine . 
  i really would like to know how they satisfied the membership conditions to join the eu if greece seemed to be in a shaky spot since 2000 . 
  makes you think how much does those standards really matter when it seems like countries are just being allowed in without meeting those standards . 
  thank you for the reply btw . 
  yeah , i agree , it 's a wholeheartedly an eu/ez problem and their own problem that they 've created . 
  creating big banks makes the smaller economies suffer a lot . 
  not sure if eu support is going to rise anytime soon over what 's been happening recently . 
  especially when there 's a small rift between western european and eastern european values and agendas . 
  with that said , serbia in the eu would probably be as stubborn as hungary is to the eu with a lot of the issues . 
  besides , in serbia , kosovo and nato are two big no-nos , political suicide to side with nato or recognize the eu for the serbian government . 
  so ... america is partially to blame ?
