  a lot of people/countries seem like they want to be there for the good times and just hide when there is an actual problem that needs to be solved . 
  yeah , also the uk made use of a lot of foreign regiments naturally how it usually was in the colonial empire . 
  it wouldnt be hard for them to build up armies if there was to be a war . 
  so not the entire army is based in the uk like today . 
  pretty spread out . 
  it 's pretty hard to rate because a lot of presidents ' legacy was lived and died by either the cold war or wwii . 
  i think it is a benefit for a lot of the post-cold war presidents to be working in today 's age where they do n't have to decide a potentially fatal decision against the ussr . 
  however looking at it from a moderate 's view some of the best ones imo are reagan , fdr , eisenhower , jfk . 
  some people would include nixon , lbj , gerald ford and truman , matter of opinion and perspective really . 
  i think at the most bill clinton can be seen behind reagan , and fdr without seeming too biased . 
  i would put him around 4th . 
  behind reagan , fdr , and eisenhower . 
  depends if you consider that one of the best or not , i 'd think that is pretty darn good given all that happened with him . 
  he flipped flopped back and forth on doing that . 
  he originally did n't plan to because it was complicated between prosecuting cia agents taking orders from high ups , while the higher up might as well been gwb . 
  yet , he said he would of been open to it if the process was bipartisan and that was n't going to happen . 
  besides the fact i think waterboarding did happen under his administration to find osama bin laden . 
  jesus christ i ca n't stand these stupid awards . 
  i see it everywhere here in the u.s. best cheese in the world made in wisconsin . 
  award committee is organized in wisconsin ... lmao . 
  they do have the best dairy products in the us , but i still ca n't stand all those pretentious awards . 
  for 1996 bill clinton would be a republican today . 
  this is pretty true , do n't ask , do n't tell was also fairly controversial , yet i do n't know if i could really put him down for his belief around gay marriages , or gay preference considering at the time that 's how a lot of people felt about it . 
  it took a lot of time for people to warm up to those kind of issues that it finally became a big deal , especially in the last decade . 
  if they still feel pretty negative about it today , that 's a different issue , which like you said , i think it is true about hillary where i think she agrees with it because she has to . 
  i would actually rather have bill clinton for a third term over his wife . 
  the thing bill clinton had bad was the fact that he did a lot of things right , but the one of the few things like nafta that still has a long standing effect in the us will always be held over his head . 
  if it was n't for that and putting a cigar in an intern 's vagina , i think he would of been looked at as one of the better presidents of the past century . 
  that 's a crazy extreme from one end to another based on one decision . 
  edit : i was born in the us , so i do n't suppose i have the same views as a lot of serbs lmao, 
  obama will always go down as being the middle of the ground president . 
  he did a lot of great things , but a lot of questionable/bad things . 
  more great things really . 
  the part where people hate him is for the whole `` we need change '' and `` yes we can '' bogus stuff yet people liked him because he was miles ahead of gwb . 
  i ca n't really complain much , i grew up around the 2nd bill clinton/gwb united states , i think obama did better than either of them . 
  but i hope it gets better here in a few months . 
  unfortunately thats what happens with the retarded click-bait journalism in the us . 
  i 'm hoping a trump presidency as well . 
  people need to really dig deep into the internet to understand what each candidate is about instead of listening to shitposts on huffington or some top-rated comment on a single candidate dominated subreddit . 
  yeah , i live in the us , and the freedom of speech is hurting us politically and national socialism might rise up here real soon spearheaded by donald trump ! ... i think not . 
  thats a shame , at one point i really preferred it in the early 2000s over american news over here . 
  better off reading news on reddit or the dailymail, 
  inb4 sweden comes in for kalmar, 
  did the germans not do this also with hre ? 
  germany has a lot of good names it can use if it was the 1800s when they reunited . 
  not sure how many of those would be politcally correct to use today though , probably better than prussen . 
  a pretty popular thing that seems to be happening here in the us is a lot of it companies would start up making all kinds of promises to employees , workers , affiliates , etc. , to do whatever kind of work they need to do , and once they hit that big idea that attracts certain clients and/or businessmen they just sell it and pack it up and close down leaving the shareholders and higher ups making a shit ton of money . 
  it 's a high risk attempt at being multi-millionaires , but it seems like its been working more and more these days . 
  the app developing companies seems to be a smaller version of that . 
  unfortunately most of the people , usually the ones who help get this to happen do n't get compensated besides their hourly pay or salary . 
  it 's crazy because there would be a lot of people who would laugh at you for making that kind of claims in a lot of countries , especially here ( live in the us ) . 
  ever since the panama papers the reality of it seems to be that companies and corporations are just as corrupt as we imagined ... for others it would be a lot more so . 
  i do n't know if this is better or worse than `` ich will '' being censored from new stations because it just happen to be released a day before 9/11/2001 . 
  but people will insist that music will create `` terrible people '' out of young kids , not idiotic ideologies or aggressive religious beliefs . 
  they rather play with macedonia over us , :(, 
  i just ca n't stand people who get so defensive over another country investing in theirs . 
  still idiots in the serbian parliament who insist that german , american , and british companies are coming to ruin the country and want to close it off like in titos time . 
  same thing it seems like in greece , especially with how things went with germany , the people are convinced that foreign investors are only there to make the worst out of them . 
  probably serbia and croatia will shoot a couple of mortar shots at each other to remind us of the good times . 
  otherwise not much else . 
  i figured russia , serbia , bulgaria and greece would be far higher than israel . 
  jeez , thats crazy . 
  i really enjoyed swiss money when i was in luzern/lucerne as a tourist . 
  really cool looking money , but what the fuck it cost me like 10 usd for a chocolate bar . 
  i wish i would read sarcasm well enough over the internet in english . 
  do people not get thrown in jail or banned from the stadiums ? 
  some guy here almost got taken out and banned from the stadium completely for telling lebron to suck his dick as loud as possible . 
  incoming swedestan comments, 
  even though things are better now days , still seems like organized crime and corruption still really rampant in former yugoslavian countries minus slovenia . 
  yeah , this is true . 
  also makes me realize how vulgar some of these meanings can be compared to the english language . 
  obama and john kerry are some of my favorite ones recently . 
  john kasich is n't too bad either , but i ca n't say the same for the rest of his friends in the gop . 
  nazi memebers/officers/generals / etc. 
  were n't going to get any real justice from an american , soviet , and british court , they wo n't get a fair judgement for any court at all after what happened . 
  some of them just died or went to jail for just being a member of the party and/or were too close to hitler 's circle of men to be innocent . 
  nationalistic or not , if this guy was running here in the u.s he would one of the best spoken politicians here , assuming that he spoke english as well as serbian . 
  although not sure how telling someone to suck his dick would fare on fox news . 
  well , here in the us currently theres like tens maybe hundreds of sects , offical and unoffical with all kinds of beliefs and services . 
  its pretty watered down yet some crazy evangelicals and mormons still make crazy influences on the government . 
  calling to defend christian values here would be to find another george w. bush to run the country . 
  its pretty scary . 
  in some sense i kind of wish it was watered down and less influencial like it is in europe . 
  they 've had their conflicts a long time ago , like middle ages when it was the seperate spanish kingdoms and the moors . 
  i guess after a few hundreds of years , you learn to like each other . 
  better role model would be germany and japan after wwii , occupied countries that embraced democracy ... oh yeah they were the most advanced countries of europe and asia that already had many western values . 
  compare that with iraq , afghanistan , or syria , iraq and syria were ba'athist socialist governments that collapsed and afghanistan has n't been normal since the 1970s . 
  i do n't think its impossible , but thats a lot of time , money , and work that i really think a lot of americans or europeans want to get involved in . 
  i mean hell , here in the u.s we 're still recovering from george w. bush 's presidency . 
  well , you can look at iraq and libya , they are n't that bad right ? 
  they 're living the good western life there . 
  that 's a pretty comical accusation in this article , i do n't even believe it . 
  it looks like one of those shitty click-bait websites with all kinds of polling and spamming garbage . 
  my life at home right now . 
  hehehehe . 
  i 'm sure if that tree fell down and nobody was there to hear it the whole world would anyways . 
  this is true , its interesting that two german speaking peoples the prussians and eventually austria empire fought each other to be the ruler of the united german peoples . 
  why ? 
  i 'm convinced i 'll wake up tomorrow and be stuck in traffic and in someway it 'll be because of israel . 
  belgium and perhaps the eu is really showing their communication skills at work here .
