  it 's kind of like adding cream to indian curries , nobody does this in india apparently , but a lot of people like the creamy texture . 
  yeah , i read before that jqa and jackson had one of the dirtiest campaigns in history , jqa telling americans jackson killed 6 american militiamen and then jackson telling americans jqa offered an america woman to the russia czar for sexual services , calling jqa 's success because he was a pimp . 
  not all that crazy from today . 
  make israel great again, 
  that 's a cool fact actually . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i wo n't lie i did n't know this one though . 
  that i actually did not know though . 
  til, 
  reddit overreacting again . 
  this is how the president is sworn in . 
  it would n't be any different with hillary . 
  there always was a religious aspect to the united states . 
  the us has the pledge of allegiance , the national anthems before games , all government positions you have to be sworn in with `` so help me god '' . 
  it 's always been like this , trump being president has nothing to do with the religious aspects of how the us government positions are sworn in . 
  i know its hard to believe but there are a lot of everyday people outside of reddit who actually practice religion . 
  republican presidents have always made helped promote a sort of pride and patriotism in the us . 
  there 's definitely a good feeling aspect to presidents like trump , bush + sr. , and reagan . 
  it 's kind of weird though this time around with trump because generally bush , sr. and reagan were fairly militaristic presidents . 
  not french , but i live in the us . 
  donald trump had an advantage that le pen ( i believe , correct me if i 'm wrong ) did not . 
  trump came out as an outsider who basically fought with both the neo-conservative republicans and the globalist/establishment democrats . 
  he was very subtle and abused every advantage he could get , to many americans during the election he just seemed like the anti-establishment candidate that did n't campaign towards everyone else but white americans . 
  in france i do n't think le pen has many different ways to abuse the election like trump did . 
  for starters she already made it clear that she 's a bit too extreme and obvious that she supports russia . 
  in the us nobody gives a shit if you want to have good relations with russia , in france that would be a really risky claim to make . 
  le pen should have just based herself as a eurosceptic and deny a lot of the russophilia claims that she does , obviously not easy in france or the eu but she just is n't subtle enough and i think she will lose . 
  but , who knows , maybe 2017 will repeat 2016 . 
  americans are n't russophiles , they just really hate the globalist/neo-con/neo-liberals in the us that hijacked washington . 
  donald trump did n't win by being a russophile , he won by telling hillary , obama , and gwb to go fuck themselves . 
  donald trump also was more subtle with his rhetoric towards russia ( before the recent news came out ) . 
  le pen is waving a giant sign telling the people of france that she 's paid for by moscow . 
  i thought she would do a better job than that to pretend to be a eurosceptic . 
  and then some mixture of scythian horsemen culture with some random greek city state centuries before that . 
  that 's what i thought as well . 
  they came with their big ships and guns when japan did n't want to trade with them . 
  if anything they may have influenced a trading port or two like with china . 
  it is pretty close but it just means to not care about something in all the ex-yugo languages . 
  to say somebody is upset or angry we like to say they 're spicy ... lol or i suppose we call the food angry too at that . 
  i love the references in other cultures translated and used in english . 
  i would love to say my ass hurts which means i do n't care but people will just tell me to go to the doctor . 
  lol , this is russia headed by vladimir putin , not iraq headed by saddam hussein . 
  lets be real , it 's going to take years before russian opinion of him changes . 
  sanctions is the best tool they have really that would n't cause a military conflict . 
  `` not talk shit about me , i fuk u moder '' - ergodan 2016, 
  yeah , i remembered him during the 2008 election here in the us . 
  we could n't get in line any faster to vote for obama . 
  after all the bullshit and tragedies of the bush administration he was a continuation of the same failed policies of the bushes . 
  he 's only good now because he does n't plan to run for president anymore . 
  obama was n't amazing either incase anyone thinks im some secret obama shill , but mccain was a pretty awful scare we dodged . 
  the people talking about gwb or mccain being honest and better choices over trump on reddit do n't have a clue what they 're talking about . 
  as if we forgotten the last decade and a half already . 
  i do n't know what any of those herbs are in iceland , but i 'm sure if i saw it at a store in the us it would be over $ 20 for a small bottle of it . 
  we probably have seen differently then . 
   also do n't call sanders supports assholes for voting for who they want to . 
  some people have principles . 
  what principles ? 
  they can vote for whoever they want , people here in the us ca n't stand them because they did the most fear mongering when their candidate lost but they were n't willing to compromise with a hillary presidency . 
  we did this in 2000 with independent voters , they 're assholes . 
  i agree , but / r/politics did n't like hillary either . 
  they spent all the way up until the last month before the election creating these `` corrupt hillary '' narratives like donald trump did because bernie sanders lost . 
  people here only talk about voters `` sticking it to the libs '' but bernie sanders supporters fucked up this election just as bad for not willing to compromise with hillary clinton and these same assholes would go around on / r/politics complaining about donald trump being president after shit flinging about hillary for almost the entire election . 
  bernie sanders is basically why she lost . 
  she was tricked into thinking there was actually a bigger younger base with sanders and tried to move left instead of being that conservative democrat like she was suppose to be . 
  regardless of what reddit thinks , progressive democrats are n't going to happen . 
  if they want to win , they will find themselves going down the middle again to try and lure `` closet racists '' and blue collar workers again , like bill clinton and obama did . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  it should happen , and the european politicians need to realize that they can `` possibly '' be in a serious problem that will attempt to split themselves up . 
  it 's like how our politicians ( us ) should be telling countries like saudi arabia and israel to fuck off for trying to abuse our help and create instability in the middle east . 
  yeah i thought it was ... when i saw it on the front page ... but here i am on / r/europe . 
  lol ... 
  yeah the us have tried to make it a state rights issue for a long time , and same-sex marriage was legal in some states if i 'm not mistaken before the supreme court decision to legalize it . 
  i could imagine the uk may work similar , i 'm not positive though . 
  well , mike pence would try to change that though . 
  germany still has a chance . 
  hey i know this reference !, 
  farfalle master race, 
  depends what you mean by too clever , because for being in opposite parties , bush and obama continued the same terrible foreign policies in the middle east . 
  for a lot of americans here , we assumed bush went in for personal/monetary reasons , and not out of the kindness of their hearts . 
  obama on the other hand i do n't really know , he 's made some terrible decisions as well . 
  oh yeah , ohio is where i live , and we 're very familiar with some democrats flirting with conservative social issues . 
  my district was gerrymandered really badly and we went out with dennis kucinich who would today fit real well with some of the progressive democrats , and in with marcy kaptur who maybe fairly liberal in some sense , but she 's `` flirted '' with some conservative beliefs in the past . 
  it 'll be a struggle for the party to move more towards the left , but i think you 're right that they wo n't embrace the full bernie sanders reforms as people think they will . 
  as much as they dislike the centrist democrats , they are in some ways like a compromise from going to red in some states and will need their help . 
   turns out that a significant segment of the white population wanted someone who would be sort of like the democrats on fiscal matters and sort of like the republicans on cultural/social matters - and that 's who trump appealed to . 
  this is pretty spot on , the democrats today in many ways have embraced the minority , black , women of the left and it really alienated a lot of white voters . 
  my parents think trump in many ways is like reagan but a dixiecrat is really spot on for his kind of political personality . 
  i do wonder how these two parties will fare in the next 4-8 years , there 's a lot of inner struggles still even after the election . 
  that 's interesting , i did not know that , really strange how the political spectrum changed within the last few decades . 
  that 's what i thought as well , but time and time again some media compared sanders to jimmy carter . 
  southern democrats is certainly a rare occurrence in american history , much like the rockefeller republicans . 
  a lot of people do n't realize that a president does n't have that much influence on the economy past fiscal and monetary policies . 
  they can help , but it 's very difficult to force a market to act a certain way . 
  reagan and clinton i think both really benefited from the boom and bust phases of the economy . 
  maybe ... perhaps any president would have looked successful with the tech booms , dotcom booms , and the industrial booms of the 80s and 90s but i might be wrong in some aspects im sure . 
  your perspective is pretty interesting because me personally i could only compare bernie sanders to fdr 's policies and the new deal democrats instead a lot of people try to compare him to the very liberal and controversial jimmy carter administration . 
  even reagan had some overlaps with liberal-ish policies influenced possibly by fdr . 
  however the constant problem with today 's american politics is how can some of these old political styles can be modified to fit with globalism and free-trade which has been very controversial for many reasons . 
  however free-trade is a necessity of growing economies . 
  maybe the progressive democrats can figure out the answer towards prosperity through globalization , maybe even the clintonite democrats can as well , it 's a pretty big question going forwards into the 2020s .
