  obviously . 
  i mean , why would a government need to be re-elected when they ca n't get their way ? 
   putin we 're talking europe here . 
  not russia . 
  the urge to protect the in-group has been with every single human group ever . 
  it is a natural feeling that is measurable on a macro & micro level . 
  it does fulfill the same urge to protect that which are themselves . 
  but the means to do it are different . 
  because hitler 's protection of the in-group demanded the destruction of the out-groups . 
   and it seems like so wants trump considering that he is already working with european far right wingers . 
  how will trump 's assistance with the european right lead to an expansion of us territory ? 
   it means that the people who 'll benefit from having that power back would be only them . 
  which is one of the reasons that i am doubting to vote for one of the more or less ` populist ' parties . 
  like for example forum voor democratie ( forum for democracy ) in the netherlands . 
  they want a nexit referendum . 
  but what happens if the fvd has the power , holds that referendum and then do n't get the result that they want ? 
  there 's no awnser to that , that i could find on their website . 
  no they are not . 
  none of them has said anything about conquering anything . 
  the difference between the far-right populists and adolf hitler is that the popists do not follow an expansiary ideology . 
  hitler wanted to expand his third reigh and sought means to do it . 
  that is how wwii started . 
  the right wing populists are more protecting of their countries . 
  i have n't seen any of them wanting to conquer in order to protect their own country . 
  you 're gon na need more volvo 's . 
  the only reason we hate you is because we brew better beer . 
  merry christmas back !, 
  that might be one way to help minimize the problem . 
  but it is not it 's final solution . 
  although it might help to stem some crime related problems . 
  i honestly have no clear cut answer for this terrorist problem . 
  if i had it i 'd told you . 
  it should be the new norm . 
  not defending against terror attacks is suicide of your own people . 
  unfortunately there is a group of people in europe that wants to murder senselessly . 
  we have to defend ourselves against that . 
  and we will . 
  thankfully . 
  this makes me happy . 
  this whole jedi census phenomenon is very entertaining indeed . 
  hmm ... yeah figures . 
  a rescue organisation should prioritize saving lives and not make silly propaganda videos like this one . 
  yeah ... 
  but it looks like the ` victim ' was actually hurt in this video . 
  is it great acting or what ? 
  ; _ ; i dont get it, 
  what is going on in this video ? 
  well hurrah !, 
  you thief !, 
  here we go again ... 
  maybe . 
  or just a show of force ? 
  a large police force was present at a guus meeuwis consert in the city of eindhoven . 
  the reason was that a man known to the police to be radicalised was filming the premise without a good reason . 
  due to this he was arrested and brought to the bureau for investigation . 
  dutch police surrounded the stadium where the consert took place so they could safeguard it just jn case . 
  as well as other important places like the train station . 
  guus meeuwis decided to perform a few extra songs in order to keep the crowd relaxed . 
  which work well . 
  i consider that a very classy and wise move by the artist . 
  list of things that i see : * what you did there . 
  the most important invasion in history that i can think of . 
  every single liberty that i can enjoy is thanks to the allied soldiers ' great sacrifice . 
  i am gratefull for their blood , sweat and tears that they shed so that i could type these words in freedom . 
  this office seems reich for them . 
  that was beautiful . 
  i see no gods there . 
  man , i wish they 'd make buildings like they did back in the day . 
  this steel and glass theme we 've been having is so ugly . 
  i prefer the old classical style . 
  i 've been hearing lots and lots of critisism towards the eu . 
  but most of these critisism comes from political parties such as pvv in the netherlands and ukip in the uk . 
  having a bias towards these parties and wanting proof of their critisism i ask the question : how is the european union fairing ? 
  is it stable ? 
  are internal relationships going strong ? 
  is every member of the eu fully commited to the existence of this ` allaince ' ? 
  in the netherlands there is a feast called sinterklaas . 
  it is a dutch version of santa claus . 
  this sinterklaas is a man that rides on a horse delivering presents to children who are good and punishes those who are bad . 
  sinterklaas has helpers in his service . 
  these people are referred to as ` zwarte piet ' , wich means black pete in english . 
  this is a man of black skin-colour in colourfull atire . 
  according to the recent legend pete got his black colour because he has to climb down chimney 's all the time . 
  but some people in the netherlands feel like black pete is a reference to the era of slavery in the dutch kingdom . 
  they point out that it is a white man , that orders a complete organisation of black people around . 
  so these `` anti-black pete '' people want black pete to change it 's colour to anything else but black . 
  this sparked an incredible amount of discussion and debate in the netherlands . 
  even the un had to organize an investigation . 
  so my question is : what do you think of this debate ? 
  should black pete be changed/banned ? 
  or do you think that this discussion is absolute bollocks ? 
  [ this is sinterklaas with a few black pete 's ] ( http://www.devalkeniers.nl/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/sinterklaas.jpg ) edit : added context and picture for reference . 
  [ removed ], 
  ukraine and the eu are about to sign a trade agreement . 
  all 28 eu member states must agree to this in order for such an agreement to be made . 
  in the netherlands there is a referendum on the 6th of april . 
  where the people are asked if they want the eu to initiate this agreement between the eu and ukraine . 
  this referendum is not a binding one . 
  if the people say `` no '' the government can still vote `` yes '' . 
  however , because the netherlands will have a new election in 2017 , i expect the government to follow the voice of the people .
