  you made me laugh in that way that you know it 's wrong but it 's so damn funny !, 
  not the puppies !, 
  if they only listen to voilence we really have no other option . 
  is still journalism right ? 
  i love journalism . 
  is this real ? 
  it seems like a joke to me . 
  a whole jihad ? 
  is he a muslim then ? 
  that one guy playing tetris !, 
  i agree with you . 
  very nice screenshot . 
  damn !, 
  :o that 's nice !, 
  damn . 
  this could very well be used for a post-apocalyptic european game cover . 
  hahaha you guys never lose the attitude do you ? 
  huh ... i do n't see anything wrong with ithey where the fek is denmark ?? 
  most of these people are probably dead ... 
  that was terrible !, 
  oh gods that was terrible ... 
  kinda hard to return home after you 're dead . 
  not our responsibility . 
  if they choose to cross then they choose to take the risk . 
  people keep downvoting because they disagree . 
  that 's not what downvoting is intended for . 
  i hope you 'll do all right . 
  the world ca n't have another country at war . 
  stay safe !, 
  i wonder what the upkeep of such a building would be . 
  i mean it 's made of wood , how do they keep it from rotting after all these years ? 
  well done turkey !, 
  that 's 350 less to worry about . 
  that 's a wonderfull wierd story . 
  funny how things can work out for people . 
  now this is true press freedom right here . 
  exposing the country 's corrupt leader without being punished for this . 
  many nations can take note of this . 
  are they modern or made in the 80 's and 90 's ? 
  i ca n't imagine that this kind of violence is still allowed on tv . 
  wow !, 
  i did n't know tintin comics were this voilent . 
  which one does this come from ? 
   estonishing !, 
  good lord that title . 
  i wonder if front national is going to rise in popularity after this . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  giving full democratic authority to the people might be very dangerous for a number of reasons . 
  one of which is that the people , pre-occupied with their work and family , might not have the time to think about incoming changes to the law properly . 
  having a representative democracy basically means that the people assign representatives in the parliament . 
  but how trustworthy are these representatives ? 
  do they always uphold the best interest of the people ? 
  in some representative democracies , lobbyists have a great influence in law making . 
  so i am not sure which one is better . 
  both have advantages and disadvantages but i 'm not sure which is better . 
  haha hi there . 
  xd i heard that switzerland uses this kind of democracy . 
  how does it work out for you ? 
  yet most european countries are n't fully democratic . 
  most are representative democracies . 
  i wonder if a full democracy , one where all adults ( 18 + ) can vote on new and popular laws , would function properly . 
  ** sigh ** we do n't make modern cities as beautifull like we used to . 
  i do not know their stance on this . 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  the way that vice seemed to portray it suggests that the local had expressed his anger with the presence of the immigrants . 
  i do n't know how he did that but it provoked a massive response . 
  never upset an angry mob is the lesson here . 
  i translated it from dutch to english as best i could . 
   minister jan szyzko has according to trouw decided to remove the commercial from television . 
  because the commercial supports a ` gender-ideology ' with money from the envoirment ministry . 
   the clip contain the openly homosexual actor maciej nowak who is a prominent appearance in the polish culturesector . 
   the term ` gender-ideology ' is used bu the pis-party , poland 's current ruling party , as anything not heterosexual and deemed ssinful by the katholic church . 
   accoridng to the minister of envoirment the ministry is very much interested in keeping the traditional norms of poland alive . 
  the norms are bound my the christian heritage . 
  i do not think they will ever outnumber us . 
  especially if the thread of outnumbering is rising people will fight back . 
  i wish we built modern cities and buildings more in this style . 
  i think it adds some form of ambiance no longer seen in modern buildings . 
  now it 's all about cost-efficiency and i think it looks butt-ugly . 
  why ? 
  you did n't have anything to do with this right ? 
  did you have the option to stop it ? 
  come on guy 's give the poster some slack . 
  either i am ignorant of your situation or you 're a few weeks to late . 
  the more i hear about things like this the less i want to ever go to turkey . 
  because i am so used to personal liberty , i might get put in jail if i say or do the wrong thing without knowing so . 
  * super mario world, 
  so this is how it 's going to end . 
  i think it is becoming more and more clear to me that the saudi 's are the enemy . 
  they are trying to gain more power in the world even if that means trampeling on the rights of us . 
  til we 're the filthy ones . 
  still not something the government ordered . 
  it might shake diplomatic relations but that is all . 
  only if one government attacks another embassy . 
  not if civilians do it . 
  it was an accident in the sense that those who shot the plane down did n't intend to kill civillians . 
  they thought that they 'd have a strategic advantage shooting down an enemy plane . 
  a plane that turned out to be a civilian one . 
  isis 's attack on the a321 was specifically designed to kill civilians . 
  they had the death of civilians in mind .
