  the seperatists did not . 
  the largest difference with the mh17 attack and the a321 strike was the fact that the a321 was deliberate . 
  the mh17 was a tragic accident . 
  but the a321 crash was carefully planned out and executed knowing full well that civillians would be dead . 
  it makes this crash far worse in my opinion than the mh17 . 
  stop fighting darkness with darkness . 
  turn on a light instead . 
  but do n't you think that if we take time to think this through that isis will launch another attack ? 
  goddammit france ** again ** !, 
  i do n't understand the meaning of this attack but i am starting to sence a trend . 
  future updates will reveal more but i have my expectations . 
  man . 
  if people get hurt by your opinion then it 's not your problem . 
  they 're the ones who have the problem . 
  `` for bones and teeth '' - sounds like a good name for a metal song . 
  my car broke down recently , isis claimed that one as well . 
  this ... is an almost accurate way of portraying what happened . 
  i 'm sick of people complaining about people saying `` i 'm sick of this shit '' in every terror thread . 
  give the officer who shot the attacker a medal and maybe an ice cold beer !, 
  that 's good to hear !, 
  keep it safe to all of you !, 
  is your girlfriend ok ? 
  here we go again . 
  :( stay safe everyone !, 
  have you been watching black pigeon speaks as well ? 
  wow such surprising not expect very surprised wow, 
  this whole migration crisis is a disaster . 
  or both !, 
  but that 's only if schr\u00f6dinger wrote the article . 
  where did this come from ? 
  this unwillingness to listen could lead to war . 
  they can in nice though ... 
  or you know , ask patrick . 
  you 'd think that is a security chef warns about attacks he 'd be able to do something about it right ? 
  i mean he knows they 're coming . 
  so what is he trying to do to stop them from happening ? 
  or am i being a little ignorant here ? 
  `` hon hon hon !, 
  i shall make pathe out of u u silly terrorist ! '', 
  and wearing a chef 's hat . 
  european football cup 2016, 
  that shit is sooo delicious though . 
  so what then ? 
  we 'll descend into anarchy and social unrest ? 
  we 'll hang the bankers from their buildings as our entire capitalist society crumbles ? 
  forgive me for my tone but i am just so scared for the future . 
  i 'm only 21 years old and i see doom scenario 's here and there on how banks are going to fail and how no one is going to look out for their own people . 
  are we fucked ? 
  loveley factual article . 
  i wonder if we 'll be able to repair the damage of the financial crisis of 2008 . 
   well he literally acknowledges that islam is directly linked to terrorism . 
  `` it is true that the idea of conquest is inherent in the soul of islam . '' . 
  whoops ... read over that . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  we should n't have ghettoised these people like we did . 
  i like this pope . 
  he 's for individual freedom and a seperation of church and state . 
  speaking from a historic perspective it 's unheard of and may even be revolutionary . 
  however i do n't like the fact that he does n't seem to link islamic terrorism with islam itself . 
  i agree with him that the ghettoisation helps with radicalisation but it is not the only factor . 
  you know ? 
  it really kind of does yeah ... 
  lovely !, 
  i can see the moorish/islamic influence in the building !, 
  i 'm a little bit confused . 
  did icelandic companies got away with gender discrimination on their paycheck ? 
  why is this necessary ? 
  thanks for taking part in our democratic process opwillems for you !, 
  are you serious or just a troll ? 
  well , +1 for honesty then . 
  i think that it is beautiful . 
  b-but ... muh bremsen . 
  you are awesome . 
  #opwillems for everyone !, 
  \uff21 \uff25 \uff33 \uff34 \uff28 \uff25 \uff34 \uff29 \uff23 \uff33, 
   russia has forged ties with your populist parties , generated financial deals with them and infiltrated the internet with propaganda aimed at disrupting and influencing your vote . 
  holy macaroni , extraordinary claims demand extraordinary evidence . 
  i 'd love to see evidence that geert wilders , le pen , orban , the afd and other populists are recieving funding from russia . 
  ~ ~ untill then i shall be content with labeling such claims as a conspiracy theory . ~ ~ edit : [ well well well ... this is interesting . 
  ] ( http://www.ecfr.eu/article/commentary_putins_friends_in_europe7153 ), 
  this subreddit bounces from serious content to absolute shitposting . 
  i love it . 
  that could all be true , but not all refugees come from syria . 
  [ in fact , most of them do n't . 
  ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php ), 
  i like it . 
  that 's not what is the case . 
  pretty much everyone understands a brexit must happen . 
  but there is no agreement in what way , shape or form it will take . 
  that means that debate is needed to make the decision . 
  that 's ... intersesting . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  source ? 
  really ? 
  have you heard wilders , or le pen actually celebrating the annexation of crimea ? 
  geert wilders is a strong supporter for kicking out criminal moroccans . 
  even if they are legitimate dutch citizens . 
  instability is not a good awnser . 
  there should be a constitutional net to catch the governments whose referendum 's preferences are not met . 
  when the will op the people decides that the government should take route a for the country instead of route b then the government should choose a.
