yes , and we 'll all hunt unicorns and eat swiss cheese while sitting on the iron throne , goodbye sir !, 
  and it 's a good thing too . 
  i enjoy the european union . 
  i 'd like to thank everyone that commented on this post !, 
  it has been massively informative !, 
  i still think that nationalism will hold back this complete unification for a very long time . 
  holy c *** !, 
  i never knew that !, 
  : o but let 's change scale to a national one . 
  speaking from a dutch perspective : we have rotterdam and schiphol . 
  we also have the best internet infrastructure in the union . 
  given these facts , what do you think would happen to the eu and the netherlands would we decide to leave the european union . 
  would the dutch economy collapse ? 
  will the eu suffer because of it ? 
  or will there be anyone benefiting ? 
  good comment !, 
  so i can conclude that in the lower economies of the eu there is visible improvement . 
  i wonder if there is also visible improvement in the wealthier eu members . 
  so as long as france and germany get along the eu will be able to stand on it 's hind legs ? 
  now that you explained this to me it seems that france and germany are the only pillars in the eu and the rest is casually standing on top of it . 
  or is this not the case ? 
  i can understand your last point , as giving money to the lower economies might lead to a positive feedback loop . 
  that benefits almost everyone . 
  so what will be the solution ? 
  should we nationalize under one european banner with one military , one government etc ? 
  i mean if the eu wants to have a bigger voice globally , should it not have at least a bigger wallet , or bigger guns ? 
  ok here 's a list of my uncertainties : * ** is the european parliment a trustworthy system of government ? 
  ** i ask this question because i heard that some euro-parlimenters never go to the meetings , but are still getting paid non the less . 
  * ** is the euro a stable currency that is respected around the world ? 
  ** may be an odd question because i do n't know much about economics . 
  * ** countries like greece and portugal seem to rely on the gifts of wealthier nations in the union for support . 
  what is the benefit for this ? 
  ** edit : formatting, 
  i know they are . 
  my problem is , for example , that my family is mostly anti-eu . 
  saying that they have to much influence in the national governments . 
  as a eu supporter , i want to debate them with statements like the one you just said . 
  but i do n't feel like it 's enough . 
  so i 'm looking for more . 
  and sacrifice the rest of europe with it ? 
  no sir . 
  we need to get rid of them or we are going to experience huge social problems in europe . 
  i can haz welfare bonus ? 
  good point . 
  the only difference is that these are n't 2 men , they 're a whole lot more of them . 
  you damn migrant kids !, 
  get off the lawn !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  just because someone disagrees with something they 're emediatly the facist ? 
  this video makes it seem like accepting hundreds of thousands of immigrants in to europe is n't a big problem . 
  but it is . 
  * it 's going to unleash large social problems because we will have a clash of cultures . 
  * it is going to unleash a large economic problem because we will have a large part of the population jobless . 
  * it is going to unleash political problems because some people are fed up with governments are not listening to them and will vote for radical parties like the dutch party of liberty , lead by geert wilders or greece 's golden dawn lead by nikolaos michaloliakos . 
  please tell me / u/ksajksale what benefit does the eu have with all these migrants ? 
  because i see nothing but trouble with them . 
  what a genius !, 
  give this man another medal . 
  i once believed in globalization and that the human race will one day be completely united . 
  but now it seems like we are millenia away from ever reaching that goal . 
  this crisis truly show the diversity and hostility in people different from their own . 
  but understandable . 
  sweden , like the rest of europe , does n't want to deal with this . 
  then they will be called ger . 
  this is what i predicted . 
  there 's going to be a lot of bloodshet between european citizens and immigrants . 
  if you ask me , i 'll be on the european side if the immigrants have this consensus amongst them . 
  ** tl ; dr : the west should stop interfering with cultures they do not understand unleashing consequences they could not have predicted . 
  this migrant crisis is our fault and is going to unleash a lot of trouble for the european citizens . 
  ** i 've been observing the developments of this migrant crisis for a while now and i can conclude that we have a stressfull and bloody time on our hands . 
  migrants will try to express their values in our society . 
  more often then not these values collide . 
  the domestic people of europe are not going to enjoy having hundreds of thousands of migrants living on our continent that do not share the same secular or christian values . 
  this is going to be a clash of cultures . 
  do we feel the need to help those in need ? 
  yes we do . 
  but maybe we need to help them help themselves . 
  europe has had/still has it 's fair share of dictatorships . 
  but we 've pulled through and became it 's vibrant & strong coalition of peoples that it is today . 
  we 've worked hard for this !, 
  the people in the middle east are living in a similar fashion right now . 
  under opression by the tyrannical governments . 
  the arab spring was a natural consuquence of decades of tyranny but has led in most countries to voilent de-satabilisation and warfare . 
  the west should stop pretending it has the awnsers and should stop interfering with the middle east . 
  everytime we interfered we 've made a much , ** much ** larger mess of things up to the point where there will be a clash of civilisations on our european soil . 
  something we have n't had since 1945 . 
  those refugees whose homes are destroyed and lives have been wrecked are in dire need of help . 
  but they are n't in europe , they are in turkey , lebanon or still in syria . 
  the wealthy middle-class of syria and surrounding countries are what 's flooding europe and we ca n't handle them . 
  ** stay strong europe . 
  this is the darkest side of capitalism . 
  large companies punishing innocent people for trying to protect their lands from being ruined for the sake of profit !, 
  reminds me of charlie chaplin : `` greed has poisened men 's souls and has barricaded the world with hate '' if things like this are n't stopped there 's going to be a lot more hate in the world . 
  i hope that at that moment we chose to deny profits and focus on the people . 
  this is what happens when a you have a culture that glorifies masculinity over freedom . 
  meanwhile : cameron 's religious education start 's tonight at 10 !, 
  let 's hope he 'll learn something today . 
  why ?? 
  those . 
  migrants .
