http://i.imgur.com/ktkgzqvs.png just add `` s '' to the filename before the . png `` m '' works as well, 
  yes , his first press conference with the bbc reporter was embarrassing . 
  in his defence his english is n't that bad https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1wtmvxtsnu#t=6m however this guy can speak better german than our guy for the eu - oettinger . 
  germans wo n't have to pay ** for now ** . 
  i 'm betting my farm on this that in the next years germans will be milked . 
  also this fucking system contains fucking licence plate scanner for cars . 
  the next step is that our fascistic police want access to this data . 
  this is just bullshit . 
  and cdu/csu is to stupid to back off . 
  yes i agree , i 'm not in favor for home schooling . 
  but in favor for more flexibility . 
  well , i was just commting on your first statement . 
  13 years of school are not obligation in germany . 
  and even in germany we do n't have a clear duration of compulsory schooling . 
  9 years in saxony and 12 years in bremen . 
  i do n't know if your statement holds up . 
  i mean the first 10 years of school are not that complicated stuff . 
  it is just complicated if you are hearing it for the first time . 
  the problem is the way you present it . 
  the only problem with homeschooling , i see it , may the lack of social interaction . 
  in fact after we moved my sister were missing 1/2 year of 8 grade physics . 
  my father spoke with the teacher , took a book and thought her . 
  he is not a teacher and never went to university . 
  one day she was called out and wrote a supprise test and graded a 2 . 
  so yeah , she was illegal homeschooled in germany and it worked . 
  i guess a communication satellite to keep in touch with their navy ? 
  impressive work . 
  i need clarification : once with every other person or once every combination ( meaning every position with a person ) ? 
   but he remains one of the most respected german voices on foreign affairs not true , right now there are only two respected ex-politicians in germany : helmut schmidt and hans-dietrich genscher . 
  fischer tries frequently to sell his ideas to the media , but the media echo in germany is very limited . 
  he was a very effective politican because he could adopt his views very fast , but he does n't stand for anything . 
  that was one reason his party lost 0.5 % of the votes in 2005 election . 
  yes , but i do n't think it is entirely draghis fault . 
  it is called `` demand and supply '' for a reason . 
  but the logic that you can increase the demand with the increase supply does n't add up . 
  but just because it is not his fault , does n't mean he did a good job ( imho ) . 
  i do n't think it is the function of a central bank to stimulate the economy . 
  but in fact draghi tried to help the ez countries to stimulate their economies . 
  the ecb bought government bonds , so that the goverments can use the headspace to implement reforms . 
  but no country did it . 
  germany did nothing no structural reforms and on the other side it demanded reforms in other countries . 
  it is not just a decrease in the money supply , it is a decrease in lending . 
  some banks facing a new problem , the deposits increase but they ca n't find people or businesses to lend it to . 
  the situation is very bad and i do n't think it is only draghis fault , but he also created some problems . 
  but mainly it is our fault , because we put the wrong people into office . 
  draghi and the ecb are not doing their job well . 
  why ? 
  because they again making policies up as they go . 
  they have no clear rules what this abs programm will buy , they even told the press they do n't have the manpower and will outsource it to banks . 
  yes , thats right other banks will buy abs with the money from the ecb . 
  draghi demanded reforms from the eurozone countries , but he faild to set up the ecb correctly and put far-ranging policies into place . 
  who will get the tltro money ? 
  that is based on the balance sheet appointed date april 2014 . 
  cr\u00e9dit agricole did an anlaysis what the maximum is different ez courntries can lend http://i.imgur.com/wygtlep.png the italian banks used this tltro heavily , while german banks almost none . 
  the used sum of $ for the tltro is below what banks paid the ecb back from the last programm . 
  so even if the ecb plan to increase the moneysupply , they failed . 
  and the focus on 2 % inflation is just childish . 
  it is an almost meaningless number . 
  hochtief is n't a german company anymore http://www.hochtief.com/hochtief_en/782.jhtml spanish acs bought it in 2011 . 
  however i 'm pretty sure hochtief scammed greece and all of us before 2011 as well . 
  ok , so we could agree that a nation that has not commited war crimes in the past is allowed to hire mercenary soldiers . 
  checking the list http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_war_crimes ... looks bad for the us army, 
  what the is is doing is wrong and inhumane . 
  but this is now a problem ? 
  according to this article http://www.stern.de/politik/ausland/us-streitkraefte-warum-deutsche-in-us-uniformen-kaempfen-540506.html there are 32.000 foreign soldiers in the us army . 
  so why it is allowed for them and not for other states ? 
  if we are against mercenary soldier it should be banned for everyone or for no one . 
  just a personal note , i am in favor of a worldwide ban . 
  it would n't surprise me , if this tool was used without a warrant in some cases , but we will never find out . 
  and they broke german law http://dejure.org/gesetze/stgb/202c.html but who cares ... 
  i never figured it out if she was really making butter or if she was just faking it ... 
  they can top that ? 
  if israel can join the eurovision why not australia ? 
  i still use the nokia n900 , it was a very good phone at the time . 
  build-in and integrated skype support , other im came late with 3rd party apps . 
  it was like a real linux pc in your pocket . 
  write a shell script that automaticly sets up an vpn if you are connected to a certain wlan , done in 3 minutes work and saved you hours of clicking in the future . 
  and the n9 , i read not a single bad review besides that elop wants to axe it . 
  now i have the jolla phone and i 'm happy . 
  missing apps ? 
  fuck it i do n't need or miss them , i need the basic apps and a browser . 
  even his german is bad . 
  he swallows more syllables than a pornstar swallows c. . . 
  i just think < 25 years is the timeframe for a gernation to try to fix something . 
  putin wants to correct a political disaster that was made in the 1990ies http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2014/mar/06/john-bolton/did-vladimir-putin-call-breakup-ussr-greatest-geop/ there is an intersting timely coincidence . 
  ( beginning ww2 ) - ( end of wwi ) = 21 years , ( now ) - ( end of ussr ) = 23 years . 
  i 'm not saying putin is a maniac or he is right , but part of the motivation for the germans to take risks in foreign countries were due the fact that the treaty of versailles was shameful and dishonourable . 
  that by no means justified the taken actions , but it enabled a consistant ideologue for the masses . 
  and quite frankly with an consistently ideologue you can do everything . 
  and i think putin is quite happy with the amount of power he has and he wo n't let any of that go . 
  he will only expand his influence . 
  on the 25.09.2001 putin gave a speech in the bundestag , you have to be in someway friendly to germany if you want this treatment . 
  i personaly think putin wants war with ukraine . 
  not because for the sake of invading a country , but he wants a peace treaty between russia and ukraine were he can get crimera legaly . 
  so then he ends up with a binding contract after international law and all other nations ca n't use crimea for sanctions and stuff . 
  but think about the common values like shitting on peoples privacy , dronestrike random people and calling them terrorist or terorrist in training afterwards , or parallel case construction that underminds the entire jurisdictional process ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/08/05/us-dea-sod-idusbre97409r20130805 ) . 
  for a ecb stimulus the ecb would need a new mandate . 
  the ecb plan was , they buy bonds and reduce the interest rate for the states , which worked . 
  and the states uses this elbowroom for reforms , which not worked . 
  providing local banks with fresh money based on how big their balancesheet was in april , is really the last straw of the ecb .
