  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ob0-mxnpuiu the cops were even pushing the people in front of the horses . 
  i have no words for this kind of action . 
  that reminds me of the rant i read in the low-tech magazine http://www.lowtechmagazine.com/2013/12/high-speed-trains-are-killing-the-european-railway-network.html the author made some good points , though . 
  or the next quarter, 
  thank you for the link . 
  but this researchpaper is interesting . 
  page 116 :  we maintain a fixed-share allocation between public and private consumption . 
  well with this agreement we end up with less public oversight , so the spending on that part is not fixed . 
  page 117  in the short run , we asume a fixed savings rate . 
  is this over all europeans ? 
  i mean the germans save more than the greeks , not because the greeks spend it all , but they just do n't have jobs to save money . 
  the youth unemplayment rate is at 57 % . 
  these guys just make up so many assumptions , physicist who calculate molecular dynamics with density functional theory are at least admiting that they are just guessing some parts and give you an error margin . 
  in no figure in this `` report '' there is an errorbar , not once !, 
  if this was handed in by a student in the first semester , this would go straight back without even grading it . 
  you ca n't use models and just present these numbers without mentioning the uncertainties . 
  this was wirtten by an amateur . 
  based on what assumptions ? 
  i 'm stick of numbers pulling out of someone ass to justify or not justify this trade agreement . 
  every time someone talks about this thing he/she is lying to me . 
  i do n't know shit what they put in this deal and this is why this thing is a waste of time . 
  this must not be the end of democracy , but the start of a more free press . 
  in 1962 der spiegel published a story that the army is incapable of defending the country , with material from an insider . 
  the german defensminister provoked the imprisonment of serveral journalist . 
  long story short , huge scandal , minister lost his job , press got more freedom . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spiegel_scandal however it is critical that the public does not lose intrest on this topic . 
  mh ... ok , i have to revise my statement that it is not that cheap . 
  it is not that cheap , but you can generate more cash than you can burn it . 
  do you mean with operation just the time it generates power , or also include every 9 month the plant goes off grid for revision ? 
  ah , then i greet you with the in da hood physics gang sing http://i.imgur.com/iytuoku.jpg nothing , 
  it is not that cheap , during my study in physics i visited kkw unterweser . 
  every big energy producer leads to a centralized structure and i personaly think this is not a good development . 
  it was a not real world example just to ilustrate the hidden costs . 
  playing with numbers to get the a feeling for the dimensions . 
  agreed . 
  but if we neglect risks and costs , we ca n't say nuclear is the cheapest energyform . 
  we have to agree on a different metric . 
  because no nuclear power plant worldwide is properly insured . 
  [ fukushima $ 137 billion cost has tepco seeking more aid ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-11-07/fukushima-137-billion-cost-has-tepco-seeking-more-aid.html ) solar is now at a pricepoint of 1 $ / watt . 
  so public aid for fukushima alone could have bought 137 billion watt ( 137 gw ) in solar pannels , that is [ ~ 37 % of power produced by all nuclear power plants worldwide ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=137%20billion%20watt ) . 
  and just for the cost of the fallout for three reactors . 
  a farrier ? 
  or was this a rhetorical question ? 
  if a company feels disadvantaged the justices systems in the eu are open for everyone . 
  we do n't need to bypass them . 
  everyone who wants to bypass them , wants to weaken the system as a whole . 
  investor-state dispute settlement http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_trade_and_investment_partnership#national_sovereignty_and_investor_state_dispute_settlements_.28isds.29 just takes a big fat dump on democracy and rule of law . 
  to be fair , you can also find places in the usa with third-world infrastructure ... http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/01/16/washington-dc-gas-pipeline-leaks/4497083/ edit : downvote me i do n't care , the facts are on my side : asce reporting that the usa needs to spend 3.6 trillion on infrastructure in the next 6 years . 
  http://www.infrastructurereportcard.org/ and if you see in some citys the power lines over ground on poles , it just looks like a slum, 
  do n't worry , the drop in inflation is caused by the energyprices and putin is working on that topic . 
  good guy putin , bringing the inflation in the eu-zone back to 2 % . 
  i have seen some airbus business notebooks . 
  and it was like a archaeology excavation , i 've seen ie browser extentions ... 
  i thought they were dead for years . 
  and now they all have ios or android in the network and will install every angry brid thingy that kills time on the toilet . 
  i think it is nearly impossible to secure a really big network , you have to treat every pc/phone in the network as adversary . 
  yes , i know and it is stupid to spend 50 % of the income on housing . 
  but i do n't see the fault at the families , more a short term thinking by banks . 
  if people spend most of thier money on basic infrastructure , and i count living to infrastructure , you cripple your whole economy in the long run . 
  and that people ca n't default of their debt is a crime against humanity . 
  in germany you can get rid of your debt after 6 and in some cases after 3 years . 
   the devaluation its going to maker harder to get rid of the debts . 
  yes , that 's exactly the point . 
  but i do n't understand why you going to leverage a house purchase with a bankloan and then possess just one asset class which you are not able to move and just hope that your neibourhood not going to turn into a slum ( hyperbolism ) . 
  my friends who are in their late twenties are buying houses with a mortage runtime of 30 years . 
  i just do n't understand why you would risk your capital like that . 
  i mean 30 years ago my family was living in the gdr and if they bought a house with debt in the town we lived in , this would turned out pretty devastating . 
  my parents waited and bought a house somewhere else and with a mortage runtime of 8 years , i think this was a far better bet . 
  nobody can predict a development over that long period . 
  what the people really need is better protection if you rent a place . 
  germany has okay-ish rules for renting , but this is not the case for every european country . 
  inflation makes the life of the goverment and banks easier . 
  but it does n't really matter , if you have 2 % inflation or 2 % deflation per year . 
  if it is predictible , you can still make a profit . 
  look at the pc and semiconductor market . 
  moors law is a deflation , if i wait 18 month i get twice the value for my buck and still these companys make a lot of money and people stand in line to get a phone which looses value . 
  and then comes the argument `` oh no you stupid fuck , just look at japan !, 
  they have deflation '' first of all , after the lost decade in the 90ies they are still a world leader in export and second the economic problems in japan has less to do with deflation , but with the japanes culture . 
  for a company it is a loss of face to let workers go . 
  if your boss , who is older and must be wiser ( at least they think that ) , makes a dissision you do not criticise him - ever . 
  i have a friend who worked in japan for a while . 
  and in his office there worked people who just sat in front of excel and did something , nobody knew excatly why they where there . 
  and if central banks claim that a deflation will hurt everyone , they fail to mention that a inflation is an extra tax for the poor and middle class . 
  wow !, 
  is this a real comment , or are you just trolling ? 
  uranium is a natural material , concentraed uranium is not . 
  everytime you are dealing with artificial and nonartificial concentrated materials , you have to put extra energy in to deal with it . 
  for example , there are no problems if one guy take a shit next to a tree and moves along . 
  but if the numbers of shitters increase and the timeframe they take a shit at the same place widens , it turns to a problem . 
  and leaving nuclear waste just in a hole ? 
  fuck ... uranium keeps producing energy , that energy is mostly heat , that heat gets absorbed by the casing for the uranium , the extra heat conveying the movment of imperfection in the material ( because diffusion is a function of temperature ) , that causes the material to age more quickly . 
  so that leaves the metal encasing behind but you are left with nuclear waste with an incredible half-life . 
  so you are looking for a place where you can store the waste and do n't have to rely on the man made casing . 
  and a hole just above sea level will not do . 
  i always find it very interesting that merkel really thinks like a physicist who is trying to solve a differential equation . 
  she is very slow in finding the boundary condition , but if she found them she is set . 
  the first time i noticed that when she gave an interview about the nuclear reactors after fukushima . 
  her words where so different in comparission to the time before , i knew she was up to something ... three days later she ordered a shutdown of several reactors . 
  this week in the bundestag she gave a speech about russia and ukraine . 
  some might not noticed this ( at least most of the journalists ) but she had again change some of her phrases .
