  i think she found the boundary conditions for this problem . 
  i agree !, 
  everyone who is interested in politics and it does n't mater in which country she or he lives , shoud watch `` yes , minister '' and `` yes , prime minister '', 
  this spokesman is in almost every meeting . 
  he attends the weekly cabinet meeting and on monday when the ukrain opposition were visting her , he sat next to her http://www.newstimes.com/news/world/article/germany-stepping-up-role-to-resolve-ukraine-crisis-5241542.php#photo-5897593 ( 2nd picture , i could n't find a better one but it is him ), 
  in the end he did an okayish job . 
  but the start was just full of embarrassment . 
  this calendar promotes a gay lifestyle , how is that even legal in russia ? 
  https://www.mailpile.is/ everything not hosted by yourself will be shared or giving access to the goverment of the hosting country . 
  these standards called lawful interception and are defined by the european telecommunications standards institute ( etsi ) . 
  and your point is ? 
  why is it not fair to label it correctly and write all the ingredients on package ? 
  let the free market decide . 
  if gmos are so great , why they are not puting it on the productlabel and let the consumer decide ? 
  i am against gmo and the reason is that monsanto & co can patent life . 
  using patents to prohibit grow of food or reducing manifold of crop . 
  i simply do n't want to live in a society where a farmer ca n't use his crop as seed for the next season . 
  and monsanto & co just using the work of others ( 1000s years of work from farmers and gardeners ) and claiming that they just did soming that is worth patenting . 
  no , it 's not . 
  yes , this is a very short list . 
  and yes , the list with china or saudi arabia is shorter ( btw i 'm not ok with the fact that germany is selling large amount of military goods to them ) but i think it is a more honest relation to china if you say publicly that they have problem with human rights . 
  but if ttip is more a political agreement then it is not in our interest that it is negotiate in secret and it is not ok that we did not have a say who we sent for this negotiation . 
  but hey , this is a totaly transparent process , because they have a twitter account ( @eu_ttip_team ), 
  i 'm not interested in ttip . 
  if customs tax for products will be lowered all citizen will have to pay the price , because the cost of running a country will be the same . 
  and then i hear a lot that eu and usa share a common moral concept . 
  but is this true ? 
  usa constantly dronestrike people , execute death penalty and they do n't give a shit about our privacy . 
  if this is the foundation of a relationship , then the usa seems to me like an abusing husband and no , i am not interested . 
  yes we are . 
  and also the mad ( military secret service ), 
  why should i belief anything what he is saying ? 
  the usa lied to everyone and they are not doing anything to gain back a bit of trust . 
  i do n't think checkbook-diplomacy is cowardly . 
  but i think it is cowardly if it is done secretly and this is how germany done it since ww2 . 
  come and join the / r/jolla subreddit !, 
   the jolla phone looks promising, 
  precisely and she is right , but with a country is to vulnerable she meant that the government is to vulnerable . 
  but something is happening . 
  i do n't know what . 
  but after fukushima she told the press , everything is fine and if the reactors are unsafe she would force them to shut down . 
  3 days later 8 reactors went offline . 
  this is a typical merkel reaction to a change of boundary condition . 
  now she told us , she does not know anything . 
  and she told us , this is useful and perfectly leagal . 
  and if the public pressure keeps this level she will announce something . 
  here is the bad part , it will change not that much . 
  but maybe the minister of the interior will not be in charge of privacy protection and internet stuff . 
  yes , you even have some advantages . 
  if you are at a friend who also have a xb1 , you can log in with your account and play all your games . 
  it is all in the cloud and ms is trying to do the same what valve done with steam . 
  but i personaly prefer a console that i can power up in 30 years and play super mario . 
  i do n't know if this will ever be possible with the xb1 . 
  it is not your device anymore , you just renting the service from ms and if they decide to change the rules , you have to comply or get banned from the network . 
  but i still like the bike maps of openstreetmap more . 
  the true shame is , putin said in early april 2013 that russia will stop the shipments of weapons , if the eu/usa will do the same . 
  ( source : http://de.rian.ru/security_and_military/20130408/265889393.html [ german ] ), 
  i do n't like these golden shower guys . 
  i never understood why they not meet on a small island or on a boat . 
  but no , they wasting a ton of money for this stupid meeting . 
  sometimes i think they have this g8 thingy , just to test the police gear and beat up people . 
  for the lulz . 
  der spiegel is turning into the sun for pseudointellectuals . 
  this article was a waste of time . 
  in the last election uwe sch\u00fcnemann did not get a seat in the local parliament . 
  so he went from being a jerk to unemployed jerk . 
  and now he tries everything to get some attention . 
  in the mean time , do n't feed the troll . 
  i do n't mind , if the system gets a hard reset . 
  '' #nowthatchersdead we can have her funeral handled by the lowest bidder . 
  it 's what she would have wanted . '', 
  everyone can have a private jet , it pays for itself . 
  iceland , ireland , cyprus , iberian peninsula ... whats up with all the ( half ) islands and which island comes next ... :p, 
  the president should have paused this session till this is resolved . 
  this boost the gdp !, 
  this is makes me sad , especially because german politicans say that the spanish can work here . 
  but they do n't see that this drainage hurts everybody . 
  just remember the leading party in germany is christian and in their party platform they want to stength the families . 
  but here is the real sad thing , after the wall in germany fell they did the same thing . 
  they said the young should seek a job in west germany . 
  i come from a town with a 800 year history and with a population in 1989 ~ 67.000 . 
  and now ~ 35.000 ... 
  i only know one person how stayed and she is a elderly care nurse . 
  once a critical mass of people is gone , this smashes the economy and society for a whole generation . 
  i agree on everything that works best for the people . 
  big countrys will always bully the small one . 
  i do n't think we can establish a federal eu state with the big players . 
  lets shift the equation a bit . 
  what does the common human wants from its goverment . 
  good roads , schools , hospitals , police , firefighters , social security so basicly the thing we need every day . 
  and this is already managed by local politicans and they know this best , because they live there . 
  and why is the eu sometime so hated ? 
  because they regulate the size of cucumbers ... in my opinion there is no need to find a standard solution to every day problems and this should dealt with localy where the people can agree on something . 
  so give regional areas more room to make this decision . 
  and then there are topics that does not concern the most people in the eu on daily basis , perhaps research funding , military and foreign affairs . 
  so can we have a federal country ? 
  germany is a federal country , but a federal country within a federal country does not work . 
  one federal system has to go to make room for another one . 
  yes it is closer and you can see regional borders . 
  germany , france , spain are just to big for a federal country .
