this is what i generally dislike about these independence movements . 
  most of the time the issue does n't seem to be the * honorable * `` self-determination '' , especially since they already have an extensive autonomy . 
  it 's about money . 
  like bavaria , as far as i know , used to be one of the poorer regions of germany , now that it 's rich there are people who suddenly want independence . 
  it 's kinda mind-boggling , a lot of these people are left-wing who want to help the fellow man but then the ethnicity/regions come into play and suddenly the money should n't go to poorer andalusia , it should stay in richer catalonia . 
  this is a cool idea but the live video might be the most boring thing i 've seen in a month . 
  this seems way too logical to ever work . 
  i 'd really like to know as well , seems very weird to me that they would just randomly pick a house and started throwing eggs and stuff at it . 
  can you at least simply say fascist . 
  no need to add an ethnicity/nationality to it . 
  a whole fucking hour . 
  this is a fucking nightmare . 
  w-what ? 
  ehm , i think you might be in the wrong comment section ... 
  am i the only one who finds this personification of countries a tad weird ? 
  especially with statements like this ? 
  when someone asked me what i thought about metal i always said that i hated it , until i heard this song . 
  how did you become interested in europe ? 
  your english is pretty good , do you live in india or europe ? 
  now i see there 's a strong resemblance between jeremy clarkson and czech president milos zemann ... 
  i 'm very much against racial profiling and i have n't done anything like that . 
  you 're being extremely disingenuous . 
  i made this account because i wanted the ability to talk about controversial issues anonymously . 
  but you 've got me wrong , i 'm not against immigration at all - on the contrary , actually . 
  i think the risk is going to be much higher and i 'm not discriminating against anyone . 
  i walk home alone a lot , and sometimes i work night shifts . 
  i do n't really need fear-mongering because i 'm pretty scared already when i see what 's happening . 
  besides other things i think it 's going to become less safe for me to walk alone at night . 
  does everyone here only read titles without articles ? 
  i think the only thing russel hates more than capitalism is responsibility so we should be okay . 
  i think people here are just showing a very understandable concern and fear of what 's going to happen when lots of young angry men ( without female partners ) enter a drastically different cultural environment that they feel entitled to . 
  trying to shut down every debate on this sub when more people decide to share their common feelings is extremely unproductive and ironically pretty circlejerky in itself . 
  the only thing you accomplish by doing so is actually pushing people away from the center towards the more extreme ideas . 
  but yeah , if you 'd like to feel `` superior '' for a bit , be my guest . 
  i understand that it 's for a good cause but it 's so embarassingly funny how they just roll in there for some reason . 
  it means a lot when there are millions of people trying to get into europe we ca n't possibly hope to integrate or support . 
  baghdad is not doing that bad as far as i know ? 
  but if we 're looking at it through the lenses of `` what if '' then all people living in the affected countries could come . 
  refugees should be persecuted minorities not everybody living in areas that are n't that safe . 
  sure , why would n't they ? 
  if some institutions are trying to interchange terms like refugee/asylum seeker with ( economic ) migrant now is the best time to take their chances . 
  i do n't blame these people at all . 
  it 's the fault of weak european politicians . 
   good weather = old meme this made me laugh , honestly . 
  blistering heat is n't a 24/7 7/7 12/12 thing . 
  there is blistering heat in the north as well , but the weather in the south is generally nicer and hanging out outside is simply a better experience . 
  i think the fact that many redditors are more of an anti-social folk plays a role here . 
  i know we gots the monies but the weather is horrible and there are no good beaches . 
  and the food ... well , it could be better . 
  does anyone honestly think these people care about european cultures/laws ? 
  they only care about 2 things and it 's either safety or money . 
  and since we promote diversity over the main culture it 's totally okay . 
  that seems a little bit ^ ^ fascist, 
  yeah , it 's kinda funny how most people here evidently did n't even bother to read the article and do n't know anything about the situation . 
  they just read the title and came for some russia bashing , then they realized what actually happened from the comments and the waves of whataboutism began . 
  i 'm more of a left-wing person but this seems a bit crazy . 
  anyway , i 'm interested to see what will finland look like 10 years after the implementation of this model . 
  all modern wars were a disaster . 
  shit happens , 
  not a dude . 
  it 's not really a strong opinion nor is it that controversial - that 's essentially the reason why france did it . 
  as for the laws , in general yes , but in this case ( and in the parliament ) it 's a rather gray area . 
  but i would also like it if strassbourg stopped being seat of european institutions . 
  that 's another issue . 
  since france wanted to save its dying influence by all means and decided to force meps to travel every 6 months to another city they should have the decency to make the grounds somewhat neutral . 
  just because it 's illegal in france does n't mean it should be illegal for meps who come from countries where it 's not . 
  yes , the parliament , not the meps . 
  if you do n't like his ideas , vote for parties that will counter him . 
  that said , i 'm not a big fan of this system . 
  that 's not how it really works . 
  he represents ideas of certain europeans . 
  and in parliament he represents his country at best . 
  you might be confusing it with european commission . 
  my point still stands . 
  he 's been voted in democratically . 
  just becuase some people from outside poland do n't like him does n't change that fact . 
  his responsibility is to his voters . 
  but drama is so much fun !, 
  the fifth one is deleted , might want to log out to see that . 
  i 'm really not a fan of putin and you misrepresenting everything i say makes me not to want discuss this with you . 
  of course i am entitled to my opinion , no need to say that . 
  if voters do n't want him there they 're not going to vote for him next time . 
  if they do , no one should have the right to forcibly remove him for mocking something . 
  he represents his country/people who voted for him , that 's democracy . 
  his salary has nothing to do with it . 
  you have a deleted comment in this thread . 
  so either you 're lying or mods deleted that comment for reasons i do n't know . 
  i have , a lot actually . 
  but who knows , maybe you know better who i 've met . 
   the assembly 's leaders said promoted nazi ideology from the article you 've posted . 
  and i want to see freedom of expression in my parliament , 
  i saw that video , he 's a very extravagant guy and the gesture was clearly made to mock germany/merkel not to celebrate nazism so the assembly 's leaders are either not very intelligent or wilfully lying about this . 
  which is what he 's being punished for . 
  whether you like what he 's doing or not is another issue . 
  i do n't see russians being so ethnically nationalistic nearly as much as ukrainians . 
  you 're very eager to be taught to hate i see . 
  the fact that you 're very active in thread , commenting against stupid russians , deleting your comments when they get downvoted but not reacting to a guy saying `` i consider russians as enemies '' should tell people a lot about yourself as well . 
  i was speaking about myself . 
  ukrainians like you who comment on here and everywhere else on the internet make it very easy to do so . 
  being half-russian people like you all over the internet creep me out and are the reason why i believe russian propaganda about ukrainian fascists .
