  the magical beautiful unicorn that is called `` we 'll just let in the skilled ones '' . 
  that 's the key to success . 
  well yes it * is * the key to success where immigration is concerned . 
  how you go about securing it is a much debated subject but the best compromise found is on levels of education/qualification ( the australian system , for example ) . 
  the reason eu immigration tends to be a boon is that most eu citizens are at least reasonably well educated and an abnormal amount of those that do work abroad are professionals . 
  look at british south asian immigration for a lesson on how not to do it . 
  or the official estimate - project cost overruns should have it in the billions in no time !, 
  mostly hinges on levels of female employment/education . 
  i wonder if europeans go out of their way to sound like an abusive partner , sometimes , or if it 's just accidental . 
  i think they mean that there seems to be no majority support in scotland for independence . 
  so german support for scottish independence is a little irrelevant without scottish support . 
  well here 's the magic - we will and in the long run it will be fine . 
  how quickly things change . 
  the shooting down of that fighter really has been brushed under the rug . 
  i 'd have more sympathy is the taxis in lisbon had n't been utter shite both times i visited . 
  i like taxis for convenience but not like that . 
  this is the lowest budget remake of assault on precinct 13 i 've ever seen . 
  i somewhat agree with you but disagree about where the majority of the support is coming from . 
  ksa is the heart of rebel supply/funding . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  / r/unitedkingdom hates great britain . 
  never has so much self loathing existed in one place . 
   we know man . 
  stop repeating it . 
   better start dismantling the russian federation yesterday if strong-arming is a sign of decay just so i can get this straight are you using the russian federation as the moral compass for strong-arming ? 
  streaky bacon is ok on occasion but it 's just a bit too fatty to be nice . 
  back bacon or bust !, 
  also scotland would n't meet joining criteria without massive public service cuts . 
  after greece i doubt the eu will be quite so keen on cooking the books of new members . 
  we have good bacon over here , too . 
  second only to danish ( although quite long way behind - the danish are fucking wizards when it comes to smoked bacon ) . 
   ` spain can stick joint-sovereignty where the sun do n't shine ' will it fit in the north of england ? 
  2016 - the year of posturing . 
  a couple of times at least . 
   unless they drag themselves off into the atlantic . 
  that would be * so frikkin awesome *, 
  see ? 
  * some * immigrants integrate properly . 
  i guess that 's the way it works in the real world . 
  doubly funny because the us is partially funding building a wall on the southern border of mexico * as i type this * . 
  edit : construction has not started yet but funding agreement has . 
  edit2 : just checked and i 'm totally wrong - construction has started . 
  never really thought about how i used the term before - guess it 's normally used for skilled temporary workers or folks staying in a country on their own funds . 
  i work with a few people i think of as expats ( two american and one indian ) and a couple i think of as immigrants ( french , pakistani ) . 
  i guess the difference is the intention to settle down ? 
  i 'm purposely not looking this up at the moment to try to figure out my own ( doubtless flawed ) usage . 
  as a brit i 'm just as confused by this as i am when argentina do it . 
   a new brexit article got posted when something new happened yeah but the new things is normally ` somebody wrote a new article about brexit ' . 
  germany 's currency is artificially weakened by southern europe . 
  germany would have a much , much stronger currency if it had it 's own . 
  incidentally the opposite is true of spain , greece and italy . 
  sadly i believe the coast guard will still primarily act as water taxis . 
  it will be a more unified european response to controlling europe 's borders but the response in question may not be positive . 
  i 'm so ashamed !, 
  if he did start it , i agree with the sentiment . 
  the euro significantly aided the recovery of some eurozone nations while significantly harming others the weight of shared interest rates/currency do not rest evenly on all shoulders . 
  greece is n't mythical . 
  and more than half of it might have been sold at this point . 
  well yes . 
  we want to be encumbered by our own special british protectionism and british bureaucratic screw ups . 
  \\ #notallpidgeys, 
  i found it quite funny - but not ` actual laughing out loud ' funny . 
  more ` hint of a smile at the corner of your lips for a moment ' funny . 
  i am slightly embarrassed that he felt the need to add ` fake ' to the description of something from thepoke.co.uk , though . 
  you joke but pidgeys are an invasive species . 
   as i said . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  it is an important part of improving the situation . 
  but still , the article is referring to relieving mediterranean states and the neighboring states of some of the refugees . 
  throwing money at the problem wo n't solve it . 
  good point and well made . 
   could also be called compassionate . 
  the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  as a significant amount of that funding is going to refugee camps around syria it 's directly applicable . 
  the uk has focussed it 's efforts on minimising the amount that arrive in europe . 
  rewarding those that do decide to ignore borders is irresponsible . 
  as the uk 's official position is that it accepts the judgement and the legislation change is in progress , not really . 
  it already has . 
  and rightly so - it was a stupid idea . 
  good point on border control . 
  to be fair to the eu border security was probably an issue for the schengen nations to solve amongst themselves ( as the zone is an ` only as strong as the weakest link ' situation ) . 
  of course there will !, 
  calm down !, 
  who does n't ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong ( anybody who remembers his time at the top in portugal ) but this is a good thing , right ? 
  if i recall correctly this guy asks a lot of awkward questions . 
  if it 's taken more than a year and a half for a crisis response ( there is still no consensus on the policing of the eu 's external border ) then would it not be fair to describe that as incompetence ? 
  at the very least it shows a worrying lack of capability . 
  the eu still has n't closed it 's borders - certain members took action unilaterally while other protested . 
  in the case of the afghanistan deal there 's no indication this has been a lengthy negotiation so much as a quick bribe ( which was doubtless the best way to solve this issue ) . 
  this is an irregular arrangement so the major limiting factor was folks actually bothering to do it . 
  and yet the uk has the highest foreign aid contribution in the eu , second in the world behind only the united states . 
  what a strange lower end we have here . 
  the difference is that we have focussed our contributions on the refugee camps surrounding syria so it is n't as visible in europe . 
  oh true enough but there 's no great unity on this issue among the 27 nations you would require to have the will you mentioned . 
  edit : damn - replied to one of our resident trolls here . 
  need to stop feeding them . 
  is it ? 
  or was that sarcasm ? 
  i 'm torn if it 's better or worse .
