  history in general is lightly taught in british schools . 
  the history gcse is fairly narrow ( or was 18 years ago - doubt it 's changed ) so to learn about most things requires either further education or independent study . 
  personally i think our actions in ireland and other colonial holdings of the time are well worth learning about - not to mention the irish slave trade . 
  yeah income inequality has been falling since the tories came into power too . 
  the top 1 % earns a smaller % of total wages and pays a larger % of income tax now than they did in 2008 . 
  the nhs funding has been increased in real terms aa well but we have a population that is measurably older on average then we did even 7 years ago and old people are expensive . 
  basically short of culling old people ( mainly for state pension costs ) we are going to have to live with reduced services and at some point the public will have to deal with this . 
  basically our left wing are talking shit when they attack our right on the economy . 
  if you want to know what they are doing wrong look at disability benefit and the fact that right wing policies are literally killing people . 
  one fine example is a person declared fit for work and thus ineligible for disability or illness benefits a week before cancer killed her . 
  yeah that happened :(, 
  i 'm for universal human rights but our current set lend themselves to some very odd interpretations and a whole lot of abuse . 
  we do n't need to do away with them we just need to revise them to remove the abuse cases - like you would any other bit of legislation that has been around for a while and it getting misused . 
  the current plan of treating it like an immaculate document perfect in every way is pretty bad - although not as bad as not having one at all . 
   i 've been in afghanistan . 
  in those countries the woman are worth less then males , sometimes even less then the dog . 
  she hit the nail on the head - race is entirely irrelevent ( skin colour does n't matter in the slightest ) but culture ? 
  culture is everything . 
  theirs is rather incompatible with ours and they did n't come to europe to change it . 
  thank you for sharing that - there are so many interesting bits of history that never get the attention they deserve outside of the region they happened in . 
  peaceful rebellions are a rare thing . 
  successful ones doubly so . 
  heh folks keep trying to send us refugees or charge us for them . 
  having borders suddenly does n't seem like such a bad idea . 
  that 's a shame . 
  hopefully we 'll be keeping it anyway , though . 
  but as they are the eu ... 
  similar . 
  you do n't elect yours like we do ? 
  let 's hope they can follow the great example set by rochdale ... no !, 
  wait !, 
  that 's pretty different - the pro-eu camp has almost nothing positive to say about itself . 
  not much positive to say from a uk point of view - we could have benefited enormously from the eu had we joined the euro at the beginning and used the artificially weakened currency to protect our manufacturing sector ( the german plan ) but we missed that boat . 
  as it is the cost/benefit is rather ambiguous . 
   seriously the telegraph is `` the guardian '' for the right wing and both are piss poor click bait outlets . 
  amen to that . 
  refusing to cooperate = refusing to vote against your own interests . 
  why do n't victims just cooperate and hand over their wallets - would save a lot of injuries during robberies . 
  the uk used to vote against our own interests so we would not suffer embarrassing defeats . 
  face saving can give you a great record and while i do n't know if this is the case with france it was during the blair years over here . 
   e.u. 's open borders are ~ ~ in ~ ~ a danger , german minister warns fixed that for him . 
  pity - they hate and distrust their own nation . 
  self loathing is not a healthy foundation for anything as it never stays self focussed forever . 
  except with the blair years it actually happened . 
  the demographic shifts orchestrated by that government have been massive . 
  it was a change to family reunification immigration that did it . 
  not necessarily ; we get far fewer north africans in normal times - look at them stacking up at calais - and it looks like the attackers in cologne were largely north africans . 
  we can thank the french , i guess . 
  beats blaming your own faith . 
  mantra seems to be ` muslims in the news ? 
  time to blame the jews ' . 
  yeah nothing like that for us . 
  benefit of having borders , i guess . 
  as every time we 've voted against something in a decade it 's gone through anyway i ca n't see the downgrade . 
  we have no influence now so how would no influence later be different ? 
  us foreign policy like our own is nothing if not inconsistent . 
  i have a co-worker that believes is is a jewish plot like 9/11 and the bataclan attack . 
  his views while rarely expressed are apparently very common in his community . 
  they also primarily ( though not entirely ) went for military targets . 
  they were scum ( as proxy bombings and other incidents proved ) but they were n't on the same level as the bataclan or 7/7 attackers ,, 
  neither do a good chunk of europe 's muslims ( that 's what multiculturalism means ) so they agree on something at least . 
  because the eu is designed to resist change - it is built for stability , not democracy or dynamism . 
  cameron has asked for almost nothing and looks like he will fail to get it . 
  imagine the difficulty in getting actual major changes through . 
  what a waste of time - hungary have already announced they will block any action being taken from the outcome so this is all circus . 
  step 1 ) huge numbers of folks migrate to sweden/germany/finland etc. 
  step 2 ) asylum is granted in a large number of cases . 
  ( it will be unless we change the rules on that ) step 3 ) eu citizens can travel freely within the eu . 
  so no countries can not meaningfully have their own immigration policies in the eu . 
  you all abide by the decisions of the weakest link . 
  edit : formatting . 
   hiding the problem behind an unrelated cause is not exactly gon na help keep women out of the hands of disgusting rapists . 
  is n't it smarter to deal with the problem directly ? 
  reforming middle eastern and north african culture is beyond our power . 
  best we can do is limit access . 
  you miss the point - once folks are granted asylum they can move freely within the eu . 
  if you ca n't keep people out you ca n't really claim to be keeping your own people safe ( ask merkel on that score - she 's being called to account by a constitutional judge on the matter ) can you ? 
  getting out of the eu does n't solve the issue but it does give us options we otherwise would n't have when dealing with it . 
  i and others will take these events and what they would mean for a uk in europe once many of those currently in germany have been given citizenship and the right to move freely in the eu ( thus an eu member uk ) when deciding what the pragmatic decision is . 
  yes . 
  it really is n't a difficult question to answer nor an unlikely scenario . 
   and they will remain the exception . 
  the constitutional state has a duty to not only care for refugees , but also to protect germans , men and women , and this should be made this very clear as quickly as possible . 
   what might take longer to overcome is centuries of culture based on misogynist education . 
  how do they imagine the german government is going to be able to protect german women ? 
  was doing reasonably well until that . 
  i 'm kind of proud of the bbc - all the british parties think they are biased against them . 
  they 've got to be doing something right . 
   however you vote you still end up with the same laws . 
  and a commission has great power and not a whole lot of oversight . 
  so many assumptions that miss the mark . 
  humanitarian aid is a great idea - leaving folks who represent a danger to half the population of a western democracy uncontrolled in said democracy ? 
  less so . 
  german women are used to being relatively safe and that 's at an end now . 
  see how public opinion shifts in the next couple of years . 
  for the record a big chunk of my upbringing was split between bahrain and saudi so i 'm actually far better educated on this issue than the vast majority of the german citizens you describe ; i 've actually encountered other cultures and do n't patronisingly assume they are culturally the same as us underneath it all . 
  you have n't been keeping up with recent news , i assume ? 
  thanks for this - your comments have been genuinely thought provoking . 
  i think i understand the ideology gap between the uk and the rest of western europe a bit better now . 
  see there 's the difference ; you do n't trust your own country to be left unsupervised .
