  i 've noticed that those of us who 've lived in that region tend be less supportive of the claims that this shit is n't cultural and here to stay as long as they are . 
  even morally it 's questionable - our leaders are making a decision on our behalf to sacrifice the safety of our own women to increase the safety of the migrants . 
  if i sacrifice you for somebody else without consulting you i 'm not the good guy here and it 's not the wealthy members of our political classes that will suffer the fallout . 
  i 'm just happy we are n't in schengen . 
  not going to happen . 
  the eu does n't solve problems , it just changes the measurement scale to shift failure to success when they record it . 
  cheers dude ; after they ignored the ` do n't touch up random strangers ' pamphlets they were given we were all out of ideas . 
  not going to happen . 
  `` french mosques have invited non-muslims in to try to create greater understanding of islam in france . '', 
  nice but not very useful . 
   also it 's not saudi here . 
  it 's europe . 
  saudi is in literary in 14th century when it comes to women 's rights . 
  they probably have high no . 
  of rapes , but they are n't reported , because women fear for their life and honor . 
  well it 's here now . 
  get used to that idea in europe rather than saudi . 
  it just gets worse from here , too . 
  not putting the issue on anybody - not proposing any solutions . 
  i 'm saying that currently behaving as we have become accustomed is n't safe . 
  if you dispute this please explain the nye assaults . 
  folks in western countries are used to being safe and it 's going to be a bit of a culture shock getting used to that safety being gone . 
  if you wish to make believe that nothing has changed go ahead . 
  i can see you want to push an agenda and that 's fine too . 
  also wont keep you safe . 
  import a million limes you have a lot more limes . 
  import a million cars you have a lot more cars . 
  import a million misogynists and guess what ? 
  fair play . 
  i used to live in saudi and demure dress made you a lot more safe . 
  we 've imported the same shit now . 
  we should n't have had to do it back then in a perfect world but not doing it would have put us in danger . 
  what is and what should be can violently disagree . 
  yup . 
  pretty much . 
  so right now they are n't safe and you agree with me ? 
  excellent . 
  yes . 
  if you care so little for the safety of the women in your life that a word will stop you ? 
  yeah pegida are n't the most peaceful group . 
  no need for agents - they will fuck things up themselves . 
   seems like they learned from their mistake tho  how do you know ? 
  this was a planned and pre announced protest . 
  not sure there is much more - travel with a large group in situations like that ? 
  it 's shit but without solving the problem itself there is no realistic way for you to be in a location like that and safe . 
  we 've seen what happens when women do n't hide away . 
  they get sexually assaulted . 
  without fixing the issue behind it this protest is at best advising women to put themselves in danger . 
  edit : anybody think women are safe right now ? 
   the mere fact that greenwald thinks that they only attacked islam is betraying a deep misunderstanding of the issue at hand yep - he does n't notice what 's said/drawn about other groups , only the one that reliably goes on a murderous rampage over cartoons . 
  very much not . 
  not a case of feeling better and culture is not an immutable characteristic . 
  it 's not groups of men that are the problem , it 's groups of men that have grown up in a culture that believes women are chattel . 
  personally i think we can discharge our humanitarian duties without flooding our streets with people inimical to our values , beliefs and way of life . 
  this will not be the last such incident - folks like you will make sure of it while you cling to a bizarre moral highground . 
  in this case discrimination is data based . 
  if you find me an example of a female immigrant rape attack group i 'll acknowledge you have a point . 
  data based discrimination is rather sensible . 
  british law is one of the more commonly chosen governing legal systems for international transactions as the heavy reliance on precedent and longer than average phase in times for legislation make it very predictable compared to most others . 
  for good or ill it 's a known quantity . 
  `` french '', 
  heh detonating bombs in crowds for freedom . 
  almost universally those sort of campaigns make the regime dig in and take that ` freedom ' further out of reach . 
  it 's mostly the actions of the muslims that are already there but partially , yes . 
  i really liked warsaw . 
  it was different to what i 'm used to . 
  until somebody is stupid enough to believe him . 
  funny thing is the stonewalling from eu leaders might just be the jump the leave campaign requires . 
  easy to sell that the worries of the public are being ignored when the worries of the public are being ignored . 
   when i see how the uk has constantly been aligned on the us foreign policy over the past two decades i wonder if we use the same definition of individualist , sovereign or independent . 
   seriously i think that your post reeks british exceptionalism , the reality i am afraid is very much different : the european union is a challenge for every single european nations . 
   every single country of europe has a past history of strong nationalism sentiment . 
  and all the stuff you mentioned are also felt across europe . 
   the difference being , some countries are ready to put these basic - almost animal - instinct on the side to focus on building a greater entity . 
   others , namely uk politicians , prefer to manipulate their people into believing that they completely lost their sovereignty when they actually get dictated their policy from a certain country across the atlantic ( hint : this is neither mexico nor canada ) . 
   do n't get me wrong , eurosceptics all over europe are guilty of this . 
  the uk is just an example of how effective their rethoric is . 
  as a side note to the conversation i absolutely love this post as the contained assumptions in it are fantastic - all of your statements only work is it 's assumed that greater unity rather than greater franchise is preferable . 
  you even not so obliquely implied that those against greater unity were ruled by animal impulses rather than reason so in the contained assumptions there only unionists have really thought things through or have a logical basis to their views and by the last sentence you assume that a wish for greater franchise must be backed by lies and propaganda and can not honestly be wished for . 
  in the uk these days we do n't share these assumptions - you can tell by the fact the scottish referendum vote happened \\* \\* and for the record although i 'm happy the scots decided to stay i 'd have supported and understood their decision to leave as long as the settlement was equitable . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's gon na kill some of this weekend . 
  something based on [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_armed_forces_in_the_west ) or [ these guys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_armed_forces_in_the_east ) i would watch the hell out of . 
  on a different note very big contrast to syria . 
  fair play - now is the stage where we wait and see and see if me or my other half were correct ( we both but a bet on the result of the vote but on opposite sides - with the migrant crisis i 'm beginning to this my ` in ' bet was a mistake ) . 
  i think cameron is firmly behind whichever side he thinks will win . 
  events have moved fast in the last year and british public opinion has shifted . 
  if it continues to shift he will shift with it as this will be his legacy ; he wont want to be remembered on the losing side . 
  it 's ` chosen ' ( sorry this typo comes up a load at work as it 's built into an in-house system and it gets to me ) and no he does n't rule the uk , he leads the current government of the uk which is still subject to any treaties we are a signatory of . 
  we do n't elect a dictator . 
  why would he do that ? 
  he let it be known before he started this that he would only support ` remain ' if he could get the reform he was after . 
  he will say that sadly he was unable to do this so has to place his support with the ` leave ' campaign . 
  cameron left his options open from day 1 . 
   read the article you must be new here . 
  indeed . 
  if it 'll make no difference what 's the fuss ? 
  this guy expects 5 year olds to write fluently . 
  do n't think he 's had much involvement with young children . 
  ca n't have peace without the other .
