  fair play - his plan was fuck everybody in the ass if they choose the option i do n't want . 
  not exactly grade a statesmanship . 
  when your elected government works to sabotage something ( and that 's what they did when they did n't plan anything for one of the two possible outcomes of the referendum * they called * ) then everything has gone to shit . 
  if brexit 's a pig the pm tried to behead it - if you remember the rumour that 's the way he likes his pigs . 
  because the referendum did not make leave the government . 
  there was no expectations that leave would have any say in the shape of a post brexit britain . 
  cameron was elected on a platform of holding this referendum - when the general election was held he made very clear that it was open which side he would back . 
  so he was elected , among other things , to hold this referendum , not to try to rig it ( which he did ) and certainly not to only deal with one result of it . 
  the government was n't elected to try to force a remain result - the government was elected to hold the damned referendum . 
  i thought cameron had behaved irresponsibly before but this bullshit is something else . 
  because the referendum did not make leave the government . 
  there was no expectations that leave would have any say in the shape of a post brexit britain . 
  cameron specifically did not draw up plans in case of brexit to help with his ` walking blind folded ' gimmick . 
  err it 's not - it was for david fucking cameron and his government . 
  remember he 's still prime minister for several months . 
  but they keep using the word ` must ' and deploying that kind of imperative makes you look shite if the other party does n't do it . 
  may just be translation issues , though . 
  yes and it makes their rhetoric a little strange . 
  no they ca n't . 
  yup keep calling everybody who holds the opposing position racists , bigots and idiots . 
  it 's bound to work eventually . 
  while being bombarded by messages saying it 's too close to call . 
  not really - we lose steadily more control of internal affairs retaining only the nuclear option we 've now voted for . 
  if you start with control of ten things and lose control of six of them `` but you 've still got control of number ten ! '', 
  is n't a winning argument . 
  59 % of new laws in the uk come from brussels . 
  no sovereignty argument . 
  you are correct . 
  your view , unfortunately , is unpopular here . 
  reminders that the eu does n't have a massive money tree hidden somewhere seem to get routinely downvoted . 
  since when did folks in the eu care about youth unemployment ? 
  thought it was a national sport these days . 
  only in certain areas - for most a qualified majority is sufficient . 
  you were right before the lisbon ( when it was just nice ) but not after . 
  folks seem to find it entirely unbelievable that many of us do n't want to be part of a europe continually gathering greater power on a seemingly unstoppable march towards federalisation . 
  that do n't consider for a moment that we might have voted to leave the eu because we wanted to leave the eu . 
  the massive ` father knows best ' attitude was shown in the run up and now it 's showing in the aftermath . 
  `` must '' . 
  bad word choice . 
  but to intentionally ignore the will of the public is tyranny . 
  the only alternative to tyranny ca n't possibly be populism . 
  indeed and what did mr verhofstadt imagine nigel farage was elected to do ? 
  not to help with the running of the european union , to bring us out of it . 
  it 's like folks who are surprised that nicola sturgeon 's every action seems to be aimed at securing independence for scotland . 
  ca n't let the public vote - they might vote the wrong way !, 
  the head of the united kingdom independence party achieved independence for the united kingdom . 
  for once a politician actually did what he was supposed to . 
  what do these folks think a vote for the united kingdom independence party is a vote for ? 
  remain warned of war ( wars ) , death ( genocide ) , famine ( food shortages ) and pestilence ( nhs collapsing ) then cameron hinted that the holy land would be at risk in the event of brexit . 
  it was an old playbook . 
  there it is again . 
  it 's democracy when you agree with it but populism when you do n't . 
  until meps can propose laws the eu parliament is a shitshow . 
  the commission poison what could have been something remarkable . 
  doubt he sees the irony either . 
  much as i 'd like to dislike the house of lords they consistently been more progressive , more likely to vote with their conscience and more sensible than our elected house . 
  in theory the hol is an abomination , in practice the best bit of the british system of democracy . 
  err the sovereignty things is kind of a big deal and not misguided . 
  just because you do not value something does not make it valueless . 
  scotland would do absolutely fine outside of the uk in or out of europe . 
  to be honest i think it would be best if scotland left now - otherwise it 's just going to be referendum after referendum until they get the result the snp want . 
  let 's just get it over with . 
  we 've got a * long * way to go to catch up to certain european states on key figures like youth unemployment . 
  not sure we can go the distance , myself . 
  try justifying it to the irish . 
  this was my take - the media have been crap at portraying it on both sides of the channel but britain and germany were closely aligned on a great many things . 
  kinda . 
  on the one hand it 's a couple of hundred including original stake ( bet was placed 8 months ago when the odds of leave were pretty distant ) on the other hand the value of a pound is noticeably less today . 
  did n't really think this bet through . 
  just won one , myself . 
  i called it for remain but my other half is freakishly good at calling votes so i bet money on her call . 
  kinda glad i trusted her now . 
  that ca n't be real - where are the welcome signs and balloons ? 
   now the eu needs to be as tough on the uk as they can be . 
  an example must be made . 
  that would kill the eu - eurosceptics would rub there hands in glee the moment the eu started acting in a manner perceived as malevolent . 
  if the eu negotiates hard but comes out with a settlement that suits everybody the uk looks stupid and petty , the eu looks vindictive ? 
  the uk looks like they were spot on . 
  well remain predicted war , death , famine and pestilence in this event . 
  also i think recently cameron hinted at the fall of the holy land . 
  so this apocalypse has a lot to live up to . 
  also nobody is going to allow borders to go up between roi and ni . 
  we will be fine . 
  populist / \u02c8p\u0252pj\u028al\u026ast / noun plural noun : populists a negative word for democracy when the speaker disagrees with the decision made . 
  also see : contemptuous , arrogant , probably helped the other side . 
  1 ) the public are worried about an issue 2 ) do n't address issue 3 ) give them vote related to that issue 4 ) be surprised when issue dominated vote the british establishment , ladies and gentlemen . 
  yeah he also had the government make no plans for what to do in the vent of a leave vote . 
  he 's not big on responsibility . 
  because he gave the people of the uk a democratic choice and they voted the wrong way . 
  basically democracy can be damned inconvenient at times and they blame him for not circumventing it . 
  a punitive response from the eu would be gold dust for eurosceptic groups within it . 
  the eu will only survive by selling the benefits of membership ( and this way it can both survive and continue to prosper as long as fiscal union can be arranged for the eurozone ) , it will die by acting like an imperial power . 
  that 's not what it 's there for . 
  good luck getting roi to take on the cost of policing ni . 
  odds are that any new referendum would be unilateral without the uk 's agreement . 
  that would be pretty cool . 
  we 'd finally find out what a frontex checkpoint looks like . 
  hadrian did nothing wrong !, 
  it 's silly , fun and has a main character who can say ` hmm ' as an answer in a way that merely acknowledges without giving any indication of negative or positive . 
  also a blind kung fu monk .
