  it pretty much hit the british fishing industry like a period interacts with a sentence . 
  i think the issue there is that domestic energy policy had to be ruled on by an external body at all . 
  not liberal leaders , the echr produces odd results because the convention they uphold was , in places , badly written and as it 's treated as a holy document it ca n't be updated . 
  shame really as the unintended consequences may sink it in the long run when just some minor wording changes would solve the issue . 
  it did and i supported the scots right to have a referendum . 
  the impact would have been far greater ( shared currency and national debt ) but if the scots did n't actually want to be part of the union then fair enough , off you go with my meaningless blessing . 
  pretty much - that sovereignty and home rule may cost some money initially is not a shock nor a dealbreaker . 
  you know you can let in as many migrants as you want without free movement rules , right ? 
  except most humans are rights handed and right eye dominant . 
  driving on the left saves lives . 
  yeah the americans drove the current distrust of russia . 
  poor russia . 
  crimea river . 
  kinda . 
  the eu has traditionally been pretty terrible at securing trade deals . 
  a deal to suit twenty nine nations can be pretty hard - if not impossible - to design . 
  two ? 
  less so . 
  this is ... no i ca n't do it :(, 
  to be fair aside from the ` magic of friendship ' overtones it 's still warship patrols . 
  and he was wrong ; germany has a very dry comedic style that translates fantastically well into english . 
  pasta is n't real . 
  checkmate . 
  do n't forget the genocide claim !, 
  both sides are leaking faeces . 
  john major has a long history of it , in fact . 
  who said preferential treatment ? 
  normal treatment . 
  the eu has quite a few trade agreements and one to prevent ireland feeling serious pain is far from unlikely . 
  unless a deal like the one struck by the economic giant peru can be struck . 
  then everybody wins . 
  how is it non-news ? 
  when the uk votes remain it will be the signal for eu full steam ahead and all the shit they have been putting aside until after the referendum . 
  i do find it interesting that the demographic most likely to vote leave is the one that has actually lived in a uk outside of the eu - by quite a margin , too . 
  he did n't , he said it was an attempt to create a european superstate like napoleon and hitler attempted but through different means . 
  which is historically accurate . 
  cameron actually expressed that the eu was all that was holding us from an outburst of violence . 
  no you can not be a member of the eu without being isolated from it . 
  like most nations in the world ... 
  it pops up on the bbc and other british media . 
  for the record the uk does n't want to be isolated no more than scotland would have wanted to be isolated if they had voted yes in their independence referendum . 
  she believes in both open borders and a citizen 's income for all . 
  is n't he just bigging up germany 's credentials as the subject matter expert ? 
  hmm ca n't say the rape of nanking and the comfort women fiasco do n't keep popping up . 
  i do n't mean random people under the banner , i mean the head of the remain campaign predicted war and genocide . 
  then you are in luck . 
  the remain camp have it . 
  you are n't allowed to joke . 
  it 's on the sidebar . 
  for the record the remain camp did predict war and genocide in the event of brexit - the fear mongering meme has a lot of basis in reality . 
  this guy is making me cringe hard , though . 
  if you want to see this sort of shit turned up to 11 , lookup the free men of england movement . 
  make this look tame and sane . 
  our rulers were worried enough to pull out a whole bag of dirty tricks . 
  at this point i agree with you . 
  as a plan it 's beautiful !, 
  you missed the wars and genocide cameron assures us will happen if we leave . 
  if the scottish want to stay i 'm happy , if they want to leave then i do n't want to force them to stay . 
  only difference between the uk/eu relation and uk/scotland relation is shared national debt and currency ( scotland leaving would be vastly more complicated and could n't be largely ` solved ' with a quick trade deal . 
  [ interesting ] ( https://i.imgur.com/abeoik6.jpg ), 
  it 's not just the language , though . 
  i think we have more in common with germany than we do with the us . 
  i 'm mostly basing this on humour and left/right balance though . 
  i ca n't hear you over the sound of our icbm carrying nuclear submarines . 
  ( the sort that mean never having to say `` i 'm sorry '' ), 
  he already has . 
   i was in germany last summer and i think germans are very similar to british people . 
  i 'm not sure everyone from each country would agree with that but it seems that we do the same stuff with a different language . 
  that 's been my impression - with the exception of nz/aus i 'd say germans are the most similar to us . 
  the dry humour also translates quite well . 
  he asked for almost nothing and failed to get it . 
  funny definition of ` wholly ' :p, 
  one person . 
  one . 
  i think he was referring to giving an austrian a job but maybe that too . 
  oh absolutely . 
  in fact we already have facilities for them elsewhere in the country . 
  i was just pissing on the idea that doing so would be good for scotland . 
  the folks in scotland who want it gone tend to be the folks who do n't live anywhere near it so do n't see any local benefit . 
  would still suck balls . 
  heh the port towns/cities of england would be fighting over who got to have that influx of jobs and investment . 
  the constituency that includes faslane would be rather unhappy , i think . 
  they are different but non contradictory things ; many religions or branches of religions are cults and many cults are religious but there is no direct connection between them . 
  what 's the point in us * having * sabres if we ca n't rattle them a little at each other ? 
  just to confirm this is not about a statement from anybody in the current uk government . 
  it 's tabloid created news . 
  sequence . 
  step 1 ) person 1 asks hypothetical question . 
  step 2 ) person 2 answers hypothetical question . 
  step 3 ) person 2 's answer gets lifted out of context neatly forgetting the question it was an answer to . 
  step 4 ) pitchforks . 
  it was n't ` take clay ' rhetoric , this was in answer to a question , not an out of the blue statement . 
  step 1 ) person 1 asks hypothetical question . 
  step 2 ) person 2 answers hypothetical question . 
  step 3 ) answer gets lifted out of context neatly forgetting the question it was an answer to . 
  step 4 ) pitchforks . 
  it does n't work that way for resident s ( the healthcare thing ) , i think , just visitors . 
  i may well be wrong but i do n't think so . 
  and many of us still love both the eu and the countries in it . 
  not as appalled as i am at the casting in the first place .
