  do n't even bother trying - he 's got a serious uk hate wank going on and has since he popped up here . 
  some sort of original sin thing . 
   it could very well lead to a united ireland in the end going to be a * very * long time before roi is willing to accept the cost of policing ni . 
   but it also causes wage depreciation for everyone else that 's not true , you know . 
  wage compression only impacts poor people , not everybody . 
   only 12 % of our economy only ? 
  the comparison works better than you think if you ignore the knee-jerk . 
  the relationship between britain , australia , canada , new zealand etc were quite different to how folks imagine . 
  canada and australia , for example , had functional independence around the turn of the last century and certainly pre first world war . 
  even the younger generation are n't exactly hot on closer integration . 
  we 're not quite done with the idea of the nation state here . 
  i do n't work in the automotive industry . 
  if i did i 'd probably make shit cars though , through . 
  not sure what your point is . 
  my last car was american and it was a good drive and dependable . 
  good price , solid construction and comfortable interior rounded things off nicely . 
  but hey america bashing is fun , right ? 
   normally both sides put their cards on the table , see what common ground there is , what compromises need to be made , and work on that . 
  that 's not the was the netherlands are going to play it , it seems . 
  they want assurances the uk wont compete with them for tax avoidance champion or they will scupper everything . 
  so in this case one side is waving a gun . 
  big time . 
  [ first result on google ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/07/drone-british-citizens-syria-uk-david-cameron ), 
  i work with a couple in the uk so i can probably guess why romania is short on them . 
  * if * you think we would take the actions required . 
  but the post i was replying to was pointless chest beating - the cypriots take turkey rather seriously as does greece ( look at their defence spending if you do n't believe me ) and the kurds very much do . 
  isis do n't really seem to take anybody seriously ( which makes the point kinda moot ) . 
  the eu is terrified of him - a large migrant surge could very well bring down the eu . 
  is he a dickhead and a wouldbe tyrant ? 
  sure . 
  is he without influence ? 
  a yipping dog ? 
  nope . 
  uk 's been doing it for a while now and it 's working wonderfully - it does n't solve the problem but it sure as hell downsizes it . 
  think of it as cleaning up your own vomit at a national level . 
  but europe is terrified of him . 
  he has it within his power to make the migrant crisis a lot worse . 
  i was mostly talking about the us obama mandated weapon shipments to syrian opposition groups ( or * afghanistan ii - deffo not the mujahedeen again !, 
  how could this possibly backfire ? 
  * as we could otherwise call it without even stretching the truth ) . 
  i recognise that hillary would probably been better for america but for the conflict zones obama helped stir up and hillary looked to want to keep burning ? 
  trump all the way . 
  thanks to you and your nation for making this brave sacrifice . 
  the one who tried to sort it out or the one who refused ? 
  this is n't about a past arrangement it 's about securing the future and security of eu and uk nationals . 
  if you knew a few currently worrying about it you might be less cavalier . 
  generous ? 
  willing to actually do something ? 
  yes . 
  the eu has what 's known as the common visa area which already does something on similar lines managed at an eu level . 
  only the uk and ireland are n't part of it . 
  any barriers here are invented , deal with it . 
  because the eu chose not to negotiate before that . 
  they can but choose not to . 
  so yeah it 's the eu 's position that they wont do it and not any kind of legal requirement or blockage beyond a lack of will . 
  cool . 
  glad we agree . 
  of course the eu parliament and council could have made that agreement . 
  they set their own rule and decided they would n't negotiate . 
  if you make the rules you do n't get to then say ` sorry folks , i do n't make the rules i just follow them ' . 
  there is nothing in treaty that says there can be no pre negotiation , that 's just the eu 's position . 
  the uk put it on the table and the eu rejected . 
  shame really as i know a couple of folks who would be really happy to know their future here was safe . 
  shit then the agreements made with norway are all illegal . 
  they are n't in the eu yet nations in the eu have no control over their citizens migrating !, 
  of course it would be possible , it would just require the states in the eu to agree . 
  nobody even tried . 
  ... but only because the eu wont make the same guarantee for uk citizens . 
  to quote the government  `` the only circumstances in which that would n't be possible is if british citizens ' rights in european member states were not protected in return . '', 
  all the eu had to do it accept and the guarantee is there . 
  they opted out . 
  they had the choice and decided against it . 
  the eu has a number of legislative bodies that could have made that decision ( with parliamentary vote if needed ) but they just said ` no ' . 
  did n't even try . 
  may 's proposal was that she would guarentee those rights if the other side did and the other side said no . 
  some vague allusion to something maybe possible in the future is n't quite the same - one was a direct proposal and the other is talk about a future negotiating position . 
  the eu had the option of guaranteeing these folks futures and opted out . 
  the had the choice and decided against it . 
  the uk did n't make a demand they made an offer ; ` if you want we can give these folks some security and peace of mind right now ' and the eu responds ` nah not negotiating ' . 
  one side puts forward and offer and the other rejects . 
  the uk tried and the eu said no . 
  which adds up to the same thing . 
  the uk were willing to give those folks security and peace of mind and the response was ` nope ' . 
  it 's a proposal and is n't a guarantee . 
  the uk government was willing to let people know their future was secure * right away * . 
  a future maybe is nice but it 's not a proposal on the table asking the other side to accept . 
  the official position on the future of eu citizens in the uk is ` lol no negotiation yet ' . 
  one party was willing to guarantee the future of polish migrants in the uk and the other said ` go fuck yourself ' . 
  the eu directly blocked this so i think this one 's on them . 
  the uk tried and the eu told them to fuck off . 
  the uk government has attempted to strike a deal guaranteeing the futures of eu migrants in the uk if they will do the same for uk migrants in the eu but it was outright rejected . 
  sorry folks but the uk government tried and the eu response could be summed up as ` fuck off ' . 
  seems sensible . 
  well yes . 
  if they wont accept a safe country they are n't really refugees or asylum seekers , are they ? 
  to be fair we should allow nobody to enter our countries from * any * nation that wont accept a deportee . 
  dozens is doing much better than we are ,, 
  out of interest what 's your take on scottish independence ? 
   bad part for me is , this guy is extracted from north cyprus to turkey , which basically showed again that turkish governments ' hands can also find you in northern cyprus if they are for it , and our partially autonomous so-called state is not powerful enough to stop this at all . 
  maybe i 'm behind the times but was this ever in doubt ?
