  this reads like a whole lot of wishful thinking . 
  tldr : if the government can wave a magic wand and construct enough housing and infrastructure to keep up with the current massive immigration driven population increase then engage with a group that has never traditionally voted in large numbers then they could win a small amount of votes . 
  happened a long time ago . 
  i would n't post that in this sub as somebody will believe you . 
  kinda . 
  blaming it on all catholics or even all irish catholics was still frowned upon . 
  was kinda the old normal in the uk too . 
  top . 
  minds . 
  there 's a hope destined to be dashed . 
  on the bright side the eurozone will continue to be great news for germany for the mid term at least . 
  on the downside it 's less good for the poorer states . 
  leave my little pony out of this . 
  i think that 's his point . 
  this guy moved in classy circles , did n't he ? 
  i guess when the terror organisation things does n't pan out you probably have a pretty good organised crime cv . 
  turns out fences * do * work . 
  who knew ? 
  i 'd change that if i were you . 
  i really want to change that for myself but ca n't :(, 
  i hope it does n't happen too soon . 
  i have n't finished writing act 3 of virtue signalling the musical and they have been a good muse . 
  do n't listen to them cornwall !, 
  it 's just a devon plot to bring you down and claim your pasties for their own !, 
  imagine a future with only ginsters !, 
  yeah that would be a terrible idea . 
  interest rates being the same across a county sucks for whole regions and the more you scale up a currency zone the more some areas get left behind . 
  war is peace freedom is slavery brexit means brexit, 
  only kept in check by the liberal application of sour cream . 
  i wonder if there 's some secret italian technique to get the stuff at the bottom without wasting any delicious cake . 
  at least yours do n't think jews did 9/11 like mine . 
  or that isis is a jewish plot . 
  or the bataclan attackers were mossad . 
  i 'm not sure but this might just be bait ... 
  because scotland gets a very different migration profile than england and ni has an open border with the roi . 
  different priorities . 
  it 's always amusing to me that the scottish are so pro immigration in the rest of the country yet barely get any themselves ; i guess the lamb does n't care too much about christmas because it 's not a turkey . 
  get used to it . 
  ` maybe if we just call them racist one more time they will agree with us ! ', 
  the majority of the people want to quit . 
  the minority want to stay . 
  as areas were n't polled individually and the decision is for the entire uk that 's really the only number that counts . 
  i admit it was me . 
  i planned the bombing of libya . 
  as a side note the sterling currency union actually causes serious issues for at least one of the united kingdom 's constituent countries ( wales ) . 
  where monetary policy is concerned what 's sauce for the goose is not necessarily sauce for the gander . 
   also they put amoebas to shame when it comes to reproduction , even though they are 70 % male . 
  actually serious gender imbalances do n't tend to end well . 
  virtue signalling is not going to save sweden , for example . 
  indeed . 
  when she 's speaking for germany it 's fine . 
  uk is still funding them . 
  ` period features ' , i guess , as moldy normally comes as a parcel with old . 
  ` cosy ' is the term they use . 
  it means ` small ' . 
  can confirm ; it 's one of my hobbies . 
  how is gibraltar disputed territory ? 
  actually in the event scotland left the uk to join the eu it would almost certainly be other eu states blocking free trade across that border . 
  on the bright side it 's only earlier this year the ex head of mi5 was describing european intelligence agencies as ` colanders ' and ` leaky ' so maybe this will be the start of a change . 
  why not ? 
  hardly a crazy idea as i do n't see polish immigration and cultural exchange vanishing . 
  holy white man 's burden , batman !, 
  i assume the ottomans never had any issues with it , then ? 
  in fact it 's much easier to share geopolitical interests with them when you have your own force to back your words . 
  an alliance with the strong is never to be trusted . 
  ask poland . 
  not when there 's an edgemaster around . 
  i just want to make clear i 'm not a professional quote maker but this one fits you . 
  ` in this post , you are euphoric . 
  not because of any phony god 's blessing . 
  but because , you have decided to be edgy ', 
  and if i had to bet i 'd say it 's the second round where she will lose . 
  but that 's corbyn . 
  you ca n't use him to measure normal politics by . 
  i literally bet money on both brexit and trump but i would n't touch his chances of ever getting near power with a ten foot pole . 
  speaking with an accent and having an unusual name are unnecessary steps . 
  the one that leads to victory here is ` try to live by the values and norms of the country you are in ' . 
  but that 's not going to happen ; when i lived in saudi i did n't take on the local morality because i did not feel it was right . 
  these folks do n't believe our moral outlook is correct so they have no desire to integrate . 
  in their eyes to do so would be immoral . 
  was going to say - catch a train in blackburn in the morning and take a look around . 
  you 've run the numbers on this ? 
  a phobia is an irrational fear or hatred . 
  many are quite , quite rational . 
   and some of them even fantasized about the eu , burning in the process , but we 'll say they were a minority to keep it fair ... ) i really think it is a minority . 
  most of us want the eu to be a success , they just do n't want us to be a part of it . 
  while they are the minority there seems to be quite a few of the buggers . 
   eu is not united against uk . 
  uk walked away on his own and against the will of the eu . 
  the eu is n't united against the uk but quite a large number of individuals in power have voiced the opinion that they need to make sure brexit is a failure or the eu will fall apart . 
  the ` if you try to leave i will fucking cut you ' school of voluntary unions . 
  he 's good at this , it seems . 
   europeans at least have a shitty excuse that they are concerned about their country when they riot . 
  or in the case of the london free stuff riots there were enraged at the existence of property they could n't steal . 
  it rarely got far on reddit as for years this place has got hard at a mere mention of kurds . 
  well as the victims are chosen to be from a particular race i think many people through history would be horrified . 
  in fact it 's kinda weird you treat that as normal . 
  yeah not sure where the issue is with this one . 
  also proxy bombings ; same sort of deal - they did something that got their more moderate supporters ( who will always make up the majority of a group 's support ) to try to distance themselves . 
  the uk problems are n't from refugees but then neither are the german/french/belgian problems .
