  anything is improved by a blind kung fu monk . 
  also had an airgun rather than an ak and bomb vest . 
  a muslim with an airgun would probably be blamed on mental illness . 
  context . 
  results have been devastating . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  it makes me watch netflix and amazon prime . 
  i have no free will of my own in this matter . 
  where else can i get the next season of marco polo ? 
  you are quite correct on the first one - that one was n't about bailouts it was about blocking outside regulation of our financial service industries by nations that barely have the , a fight that will never end . 
  the second was voting against junker , not the decision to vote for him . 
  i think those elections work differently to how you imagine . 
  it 's not between multiple candidates , it 's a yes or no . 
  he voted no as he did n't want junker . 
  is only voting yes the acceptable answer ? 
  lastly one of the issues in the eu is the difficulty of amending a proposal - because those voting on the proposals can not themselves construct them . 
  in 2014 cameron and 13 other member states decided that proposal in it 's entirety was n't acceptable . 
  but no - it was cameron , not literally half the eu , that was n't happy with the proposal . 
  the eu is a neo-liberal paradise . 
  correction made . 
  not sure why i assumed that , to be honest . 
  may be a bad defence but i have n't encountered it in some time . 
  also i guess the telegraph stance was as fiery as tepid water . 
  ok i 'll correct my post . 
  good call . 
  link1 ) effectively opting the uk out of bailing out another currency . 
  to do otherwise would be madness . 
  link2 ) voting in an eu leadership election . . not sure what your point is . 
  link3 ) britain and 13 other member states voted against some tariff changes . 
  what 's the point of posting links if they are n't relevant - you hoping folks would n't read them and just take your word for it ? 
  i 've seen many examples of countries leaving political blocks or unions with or without negative economic consequences and i see little evidence that it 's commonly regretted . 
  [ an interesting read for you ] ( https://ukhumanrightsblog.com/2016/02/09/cavalier-with-our-constitution-a-charter-too-far/ ) . 
  just have to wait and see , wont we ? 
  ~ ~ it 's just the mail , express and the sun , is n't it ? ~ ~ ~ ~ guardian , telegraph ( really half hearted remain so i guess it may not count ) , times , financial timers , mirror , metro , online independent ( rip ) on the other . ~ ~ post had so much inaccuracy it was beyond repair . 
  please ignore . 
  the majority of the british media is pushing remain . 
  you should have seen the other options . 
  our centre left party 's idea of a good election stunt was [ ` let 's film a jew doing a bad job of eating a bacon sandwich ' . 
  ] ( http://static.standard.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2014/05/21/09/miliband7.jpg ) you do n't need to outrun the lion , just the fat guy next to you . 
  yes - that 's the civil service information restriction i was talking about . 
  it actually goes a step further than you say , though , with instructions given to treat the requests as a lower priority thus leaving most responses part the date of the referendum . 
  the guardian used to report the whole of a story then provide commentary , now it reports half a story and provides commentary . 
  these days it 's like a left wing daily mail but without the campaigning for the wellbeing of afghan translators/guantanamo detainees ( the mail 's surprising moral high ground i 'm not entirely confortable with ) to add some value . 
  i think the immigration case was rather special because of the eu protests about nations raising border fences . 
  the eu was actively fighting a solution . 
  a building for making evil corporate decisions in . 
  just a few short years ago they were a great newspaper - you barely need to go back 5 . 
  i think you are mixing up the european court of human rights and the european court of justice . 
  the ~ ~ party ~ ~ * government * is backing remain , ~ ~ party ~ ~ * government * policy is remain , government resources are devoted to remain . 
  some individuals are within the leave camp . 
  those individuals can not countermand the instruction for the civil service to restrict information availability - they also could n't spend # 9m of government funds on a leaflet campaign that fell outside of the campaign spending restrictions . 
  edit : corrections . 
  italics for added words . 
  a federal europe is coming - it 's no secret . 
  ways will be found to get around objections - remember the lisbon votes and referendums ? 
  if it was n't ratified there were plans to force it through anyway . 
  this understanding of democracy is unrealistic - you do not vote for your government based entirely on one issue . 
  there will be no option on the ballot papers in 2020 , for example , that will be eurosceptic and have sensible domestic policies . 
  the government used significant funds to push the remain agenda and had our civil service delaying information requests until after the referendum . 
  it 's not that they betrayed the masses but they did misuse significant government resources . 
  as they were voted in at least partially on the platform of having this referendum , to then use the resources of the british government to fix the result is more than a little scummy . 
  that would be true if it was honestly portrayed but it wont be . 
  there wont be a public decision on federalisation - it will be a slow slide where little by little more authority is gathered . 
  in the same way the european court of justice steadily expands it 's jurisdiction . 
  he says one thing then does another . 
  it 's kind of his thing . 
  he says the sort of things you listed because that 's what the public wants to hear but does n't follow it up . 
  it 's like the turkey situation ; he will tell us we can and will block turkey 's joining while at the same time devoting significant resources to getting them in . 
  if anybody blocks federalisation is certainly wont be david cameron . 
  our prime minister is a federalist . 
  you wont see him fighting battles against the eu . 
  unfortunately he has no real opposition right now . 
  your ideas are well intentioned but part of the reason it looks like a remain vote today is the remain camp have managed to deny pretty effectively that a ` federal europe ' will happen . 
  they rubbish or talk down any suggestion that this might be the case . 
  the reason they do this is that external rule would be painfully unpopular in britain . 
  welcome to the british press . 
  you just described it perfectly . 
  the guardian used to be a pretty damned good paper ( great journalism ) then snowden happened and they decided the sun shone from their arses and thus they no longer needed to investigate things . 
  the majority of the eu states are federalists and/or eurozone members . 
  as a non-federalist , non-eurozone state not sure where we are supposed to find these allies . 
  oh i agree it will probably be a remain vote ; our financial and political elite have pulled out every stop ( including some pretty dirty tricks ) to enforce that outcome . 
  remain has every advantage . 
  the idea of junker swinging it for leave just amuses the hell out of me . 
  probably from different people , though . 
  not sure what your point is . 
  did junker 's ` helpful ' comments manage to break the deadlock ? 
  hue . 
  like what you did there !, 
  and contemptuous , condescending crap like this is totally rational . 
  / s there are strong arguments for and against . 
  if you do n't understand this you have no understanding of the subject matter . 
  junker also went on to say it was the maximum deal possible and the best that can be possibly given ever . 
  the headline is less misleading than you imagine . 
  if the scottish as a majority wish to leave what right have we to stop them ? 
  whatever happens we are going to have to make it work . 
  i 'm junker and i 'm * helping * . 
  well it got a smile from me too , for what it 's worth . 
  err germany was rebuilt . 
  that actually happened . 
  so he 's predicted war , death , famine and pestilence in the vent of brexit .
