  for a very long time our national identity was primarily british with the sub nation as a flavour of that . 
  i think of myself as british before i think of myself as english . 
  he was joking ... 
  ironically german and british humour are rather similar . 
  yeah i got that - was just joking . 
  hey they are still big contributors  folks on both sides of the channel seem to forget the uk is still part of europe . 
  last year [ the united kingdom ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/partners/donors/558a639f9/contributions-unhcr-budget-year-2015-31-december-2015.html ) contributed more than anybody else in europe ( or indeed the eu itself ) with germany coming in 5th and the uk in 2nd . 
  germany was also quite a long way behind the uk . 
  far from the biggest individual contributor . 
  edit : different countries contribute at different times of the year so using year to date figures is incredibly misleading . 
  but that would contradict the doctrine of perpetual growth . 
  heresy , basically . 
   take it from america and our issue with repeat offender mexican criminals . 
  if you send them back , they 'll just sneak back in with the rest of the illegal migrants , over and over and over again . 
  we had a girl here in texas recently killed by an illegal that was deported for dui and violent crimes like 6 times . 
  you should probably build a wall . 
  going to have to side with the other guy here - it really was clearly sarcasm . 
  or helping reduce terrorism for the next generation . 
  whichever way you choose to see it . 
   in addition if you had been paying close attention you 'll notice that they are n't splitting densely populated city seats ( which almost always vote labour ) but sparsely populated countryside seats ( which almost always vote tory ) . 
  they do n't tend to be splitting seats at all as the 2016 review was based on cutting the number of mps . 
  the boundary commissions are restricted to a 5 % from average ( in england , at least ) registered voter difference . 
  you can argue with the decision to use voters rather than population but that 's a different argument . 
   since thatcher the pm role has become far more presidential in nature . 
  instead of being the `` first among equals '' they are now clearly incredibly powerful and the media focuses on them far more than it used to . 
  blair then consolidated this , but by this point while the pm may not be voted for de jure , they are definitely voted for de facto . 
  you could argue that but when you go to the voting booth it 's your local mp 's name on the ballot . 
  kinda . 
  in this case if they included a clause for ejecting a member state that others were annoyed with but had broken no rules it would not be the kind of union they wanted to create . 
  a tactic employed by dominion ministries that do not exist any more and have n't for decades . 
  do n't make the mistake of equating modern britain with the empire , it really has little in common . 
  it 's like trying to predict modern italian politics by learning about the behaviour of mussolini . 
  because of the two year time frame ( not long in international diplomacy ) setting out at least a framework to plan for negotiations would be only responsible . 
   unfortunately , the eu drafted article 50 in a fashion probably too friendly to a leaving country , as there is no leverage for forcing the leaving country to leave other than asking them or threatening them . 
  i have a feeling this was intentional - the eu was largely seen as a one way street and the idea that countries would need to be forced out was only covered briefly . 
  ( article 6 , i think it is ? ), 
  wow where to start . 
   at least my nation ( uk ) is . 
  the goverment changes constituency sizes so they will always be in power . 
  the constituency size change was to make the constituencies have roughly the same amount of people in them so everybody 's vote is worth the same . 
  it increased the accuracy of democratic representation . 
   our new pm ( who no one voted for , literally she got in without an election ) we do n't vote for a prime minister in the uk , you vote for a political party . 
  we voted for the conservatives and we got the conservatives . 
  we have * never * voted for a prime minister . 
  for the rest ? 
  we 'll see what she does now she 's no longer just a minister . 
  yup - banned anybody in government from writing down any plans . 
  what bullshit ? 
  we are going to become a fully functioning nation again so we have quite a bit of preparation to do . 
  ... which we are currently doing . 
  tantrums wont change that . 
  and how would you remove the uk veto while the uk has a veto ? 
  short of tearing up the treaties that form the basis of the eu , anyway ; i mean sure destroying the eu would get the uk out but i 'm not sure that 's what you meant . 
  you know we need to prepare quite a few things , right ? 
  it would n't collapse the uk as we are already dealing with the uncertainty that would result . 
  it * would * rush the expansion of our civil service that will be required to become a fully functioning nation state again . 
  every other country in europe would be in the same situation regarding article 50 if they wanted to leave . 
  but hey if you wan na circle jerk i ca n't stop you . 
  link appears to be gone . 
  on the other hand the cost of flights has just dipped - this will pretty much counterbalance my currently devalued currency when i book a holiday soon . 
  two wrongs can make a right , i guess . 
  edit : not that long since i came back from tunisia . 
  i think we need a term for this - ` vulture tourism ' , anybody ? 
  they are . 
  if every side of the political spectrum is ticked off with you then you are probably doing something right . 
  all nations with a net positive contribution to the eu budget . 
  the cat and the current incumbent had both made exactly the same amount of preparations for the possibility of brexit on the morning of the referendum . 
  norway has low unemployment - finland and sweden less so . 
  the falklands is embarrassing for them . 
  they like to forget it . 
  also public opinions was n't in favour of the war . 
  a popular war does n't get literally millions of people to protest it in london . 
  dat flair, 
  in the late 80 's and the mid 90 's the border disputes between turkey and greece became more heated and it was nato ( us ) pressure that was instrumental in getting a climb down . 
  within the eu conflict is highly unlikely but the eu 's external impact is small . 
  sadly that 's what that era 's technology mandated as the most optimal strategy . 
  the inability to target military infrastructure behind the front lines ( read as : no real air power ) and the immense difficulty of pushing through a held position ( before armoured vehicles somewhat changed that near the end ) forced attrition . 
  in the uk at least our royalty had already handed off most of their executive powers to the elected government . 
  the british empire did an awful lot of very bad things under an elected parliament . 
  my point is that this demonstrates the eu is no more effective than nato on that border . 
  the earlier conflicts were prevented by nato ( read that as : us ) pressure . 
  for the record uk waters fish stocks only started plummeting when we joined the eu and they got opened up to a feeding frenzy . 
  everybody is crying over spanish fisheries . 
  at least they ca n't use the kind of dredge nets they did in the 80 's and 90 's , now . 
  greece is in the eu and that also has n't stopped border tensions with turkey . 
  you can have the original , if you want , as long as you make sure he is never involved in uk politics again . 
  right or wrong with alistair campbell you know that at no point has our best interests ever entered the equation . 
  he 's spent the last while ranting about his ban on / r/subredditcancer, 
  most would think we were degenerates . 
  social values have changed significantly since then . 
  more sovereignty . 
  if your elected representatives have more power and the commission less you are more sovereign . 
  example ? 
  be interesting what happens with switzerland when they are forced to implement their binding referendum on freedom of movement next year . 
  will the eu end all agreements with them or negotiate ? 
   and a parliament that can propose laws this is the * only * thing the eu needs to turn from a shitshow into a functional ( indeed exceptional ) democracy . 
  in an odd way he 's among friends . 
  referendum result regardless the government are still responsible for running the country . 
  that cameron took a side on it at all was kinda shite . 
  in the 70 's the government did n't take a position and produced documentation to show the pros and cons of each side .
