  thought you were referencing something . 
  that sounds really shitty . 
  hope things get better for you . 
  how * can * she slap ? 
  you have to be earning around 35k to be putting in as much as you take out . 
  people working above minimum wage but below that amount will use a greater value in government services than they contribute in tax . 
  simply put they will cost the country money . 
  the threshold is n't chosen at random ; it 's the point , on average , that somebody becomes a net contributor to the uk rather than a net receiver . 
  the $ 50,000 is probably the right amount . 
  not really - the threshold is n't chosen at random ; it 's the point , on average , that somebody becomes a net contributor to the uk rather than a net receiver . 
  asking people to not detract from your country is n't unfair . 
  where do you live ?!, 
  rather than deport them , can you just drown them ? 
  not holy , just useful . 
  being able to track which country people are in is a plus and stopping , for example , somebody being able to get from paris to turkey without difficulty after taking part in a killing spree . 
  you 've seen the result of not having it and you know the benefits of not having it . 
  borderless travel may be a thing of the past soon anyway . 
  people keep refusing requests to not cross the borders that do n't exist . 
  borders are specifically a device to help prevent this sort of thing . 
  when you do away with them you lose some protection . 
  remember that borderless travel is not the norm - you are choosing to sacrifice the benefits borders give to save a little money . 
  and it 's really not a lot of money , either . 
  we scorn nationalism but we could sure use a little more right now . 
  but borders are one of the measures you use to make things like that more difficult so your logic is crazy . 
  that 's like arguing that ice and alcohol help cause a car crash so you should n't bother with a seat belt . 
  who mentioned sweden ? 
  i was talking about greece , spain and portugal . 
  for the city there are pluses and minuses - more pluses , to be sure but it 's not all one sided . 
  the biggest threat is further eu banking regulation or a levy as has been discussed . 
  [ as an example ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-eu-britain-ftt-idukkbn0dg0q420140430 ) . 
  it 's not gone through yet but it 's far from certain it wont happen in future . 
  because other eu nations have comparatively little to lose from such a move and plenty to gain at the city 's expense it 's hardly off the cards . 
  borderless travel is rather useful for the budding terrorist . 
  you may have noticed that . 
  ok anything involving the word ` neoliberal ' is normally wrong so i 'll give you that one . 
  and although the euro may not have been created to destabilise economies it 's done exactly that in some places . 
  interest rates across a country are hard to justify , across a continent ? 
  rather damaging . 
  i think you 've misunderstood this discussion . 
  it 's about what the eu does for the uk . 
  in or out of the eu we would still have the option of giving money to other countries if we so desired . 
  it would be a choice , though . 
  the article is about the uk 's relationship with europe . 
  saying we get the chance to pay for hospitals , schools , roads , and enormous economic stimulus programs in other countries is n't really a good thing . 
  that we have less money to pay for these things in our own country as a result ? 
  even less so . 
  article seems to have the weird assumption that if the uk left the eu we would suddenly stop trading with them and be unable to make some sort of free trade deal . 
  as we import significantly more from the eu than er export this is simply unrealistic ; the eu has more to lose from that decision than the uk . 
  put simply not making a trade deal would be pants-on-head retarded of them . 
  in the uk more money goes out than comes in . 
  they are n't wrong though - it does these things in addition to it 's beneficial aspects . 
  tell that to australia . 
  basically stop rewarding failure . 
  frikkin awesome - that 's right up there with the borat national anthem incident . 
  germany seems to . 
  a deal with the kurds is far from off the table these days . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  just sucks to be an ethnic turk in northern syria at the moment and in the foreseeable future . 
  that they should stay the same forever regardless of changing circumstances ? 
  the eu is a very different entity to the one we joined and our country has changed a great deal and thus our relationship with the changed eu . 
  the treaties have also changed repeatedly as have the rulings made by the many courts and regulatory bodies in europe . 
  so if the eu has changed , the uk has changed and the treaties between the eu and uk have changed why ca n't this ? 
  at current rate of advance russia and assad will have this finished in a few years assuming no deal is struck . 
  all the while we will dither declaring roadmaps and making demands like we matter . 
  what an odd idea - that one of the few contributors in the eu should be unable to negotiate position ? 
  this is the worst aspect of eu federalism . 
  no negotiation - bow down to your eu overlords , petty nations . 
  just with more honour killings and less women 's rights . 
  normans do n't count - france was a seperate nation ( there was a king of france at that time and he was n't involved ) - as the norman invasion was the worlds greatest viking contest - frankified vikings defeating anglicised vikings that were tired from as battle with original recipe vikings . 
  ended up with a gold , silver bronze rating for viking descendent cultures . 
  doubt it - the stats run rather contrary to progressive argument in many areas . 
  in the uk at least the ethnic group of a given poor person seems to have a massive impact on wither that 's true or not . 
  chinese and indian poor people over here commit vastly less crime and are significantly more likely to go to university than the national average . 
  pakistani and somali poor people ? 
  rather different story . 
  so if it is n't poverty and has clear trends along cultural lines , what is it ? 
  in the uk at least the ethnic group of a given poor person seems to have a massive impact on wither that 's true or not . 
  chinese and indian poor people over here commit vastly less crime and are significantly more likely to go to university than the national average . 
  pakistani and somali poor people ? 
  rather different story . 
  so if it is n't poverty and has clear trends along cultural lines , what is it ? 
  yeah that probably involves actually doing stuff and that 's not the eu way . 
  source ? 
  every side thinks the bbc is against them . 
  probably means they are doing a pretty good job of staying unbiased . 
  well are n't we lucky we have borders ? 
  no but importing cheap labour keeps wages down which is what has happened in the uk . 
  employment rises but instead of wages rising we just increase the labour pool to keep wages static . 
   employment rises , wages too . 
  unless you continue to import and endless supply of cheap labour ? 
  wage compression , baby !, 
  who cares who 's fault it is ? 
  it 's our migrant crisis . 
  if somebody takes a shit on your living room carpet and leaves do you refuse to clean it on principle ? 
  the relocation scheme will encourage more . 
  it 's the exact opposite of a solution . 
  he did n't say they are upvoted but there 's pretty much always at least one doomseer predicting the end of the uk if it leaves . 
  it 's also really not true - both the eu and uk will be just fine either way . 
  on the normal charts they are actually pretty close to centre . 
  nazi policies ranged from right to left almost at random .
