  also robot frequently describes her acting so it can be accurate . 
  you were just speaking to a dickhead , do n't take it to heart . 
  on the flip side the last couple of trips to poland i was travelling with somebody with dark skin and she got ` randomly ' selected for security checks at every stage in the airport both there and back both times and a couple of other things . 
  but ... that 's not unique to poland - heavy racial profiling seems to be the norm these days ( although the consistency of it in poland was pretty unique ) . 
  the fact we 'd been twice and are planning to go again should probably tell you this was not the prevalent attitude , poland is pretty fantastic and we 've found polish people in general to be very , very friendly compared to most other places ( and smile more than hungarians ) . 
  not just a cost thing but the default relationship between countries is not intelligence sharing so if everything is to revert to default then * everything * will revert to default . 
  it 's why i hope both sides are realistic in negotiations - the moral highground for either side will be little consolation if we fuck this one up . 
  the stakes are pretty high for everybody , really . 
  not really , no . 
  not in any coherent manner . 
  probably should be , though . 
  in this case it 's rudd so i would n't put any real weight to it . 
  she gets slapped down by may most times she makes a statement on something . 
  i shudder to think what was required for her to get and keep that job ( she is pretty much a perfect living example of what 's wrong with party politics in the uk ) . 
  true but if i 'm being honest i 'd rather it was somebody else . 
  when verhofstadt warned us of the terrible consequences of us both splitting without some sort of arrangement i called it a sensible concern . 
  it was n't a threat ( as some folks took it ) but a look at what things will be like if we stop cooperating . 
  this is exactly the same thing . 
  a no cooperation scenario is exactly what we want to avoid so it 's important for everybody involved to realise what could happen . 
  what verhofstadt said was n't blackmail and neither is this . 
  the issue is that most the nations in the eu would need to make pretty massive changes to their laws to run an intelligence service like the uk has . 
  it would be massively illegal as it stands . 
  as somebody who leave the house at 06:23 each morning i actually appreciate daylight saving time . 
  i 'd be sad to see it go . 
  not sure what he means , au and nz soldiers made up a small minority of the force which lost that campaign and the turks ( or ottomans at that point ) soon ended up being occupied . 
  everybody involved lost by the end . 
  partially true but australia and new zealand had effective self rule before ww1 . 
  i think they were british and australian and british and new zealander in the same way now folks are british and english or british and scottish so your mileage may vary . 
  kinda like the racism of low expectations ; the idea that brits who are n't english might have any form of self determination seems a minority view . 
  [ cousin marriage ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/newsnight/4442010.stm ) among british muslims is causing [ unpleasant ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/children/11723308/first-cousin-marriages-in-pakistani-communities-leading-to-appalling-disabilities-among-children.html ) side effects . 
  that 's actually something i quite like about may - i have a natural aversion to people who smile too much . 
  it did n't get put under the rug , it got the report a protest with a police estimated turnout of about 30k should get . 
  [ here 's the article ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/61nas4/bbc_under_fire_for_lack_of_coverage_of_proeu_march/?st=j0rtpstx&amp;sh=34be2a39 ) what did they do wrong ? 
  pretty sure the police estimates were about 30k , the organisers estimated 100k . 
  the uk has had quite a few unsuccessful or intercepted attacks though . 
  the only reason this has n't been more of a blood bath is effective security services . 
  it 's more that up until he did , he had n't done anything to make them believe he was an immediate threat . 
   not sure about the uk , but are n't we at war with radical/extremist islam ? 
  the uk certainly is n't . 
  to even begin that would require a large program of targeted killings among our populace which you may notice is n't happening . 
  it 's not illegal in the uk to follow even the most radical versions of the islamic faith , it merely gives you no immunity from the illegality of any actions that may inspire you to commit . 
  it should be noted that the graph this thread is referring to is including all killings while the numbers he 's provided omit dead policemen and officials . 
  many of those deemed not to be civilians for the purpose of the northern ireland conflict would have classed as civilian casualties under the geneva convention protocol 1 ( i.e. 
  the way we 've counted civilian casualties in pretty much every conflict since the mid 70 's ) . 
  thanks . 
  it 's common to arrest and question associates but you 're just making shit up and your argument seems to be ` ah !, 
  you ca n't disprove it ! ', 
  of course i ca n't prove a negative . 
  so had he merely started stabbing policemen and not hit the crowd on the way in then this would be different ? 
  on the way to stab up some police . 
  so like the london attacker yesterday ? 
  from the article you linked :  `` it is still our belief - which continues to be borne out by our investigation - that this attacker acted alone and was inspired by international terrorism , '' mr rowley said . 
  so if you have intelligence the police currently do n't i suggest you provide it to them . 
  just searched `` accomplices '' and got 0 results . 
  the word you are looking for is probably associates which means something entirely different . 
  ira and various loyalist groups . 
  the ira makes up most of the uk figure but far from all of it . 
  to be fair on the ira a good bit of that body count came from various loyalist groups as well . 
  that 's not defending the ira , just saying that situation was more complex . 
  amen to that - at least parliament voted down cameron 's attempts to oust assad . 
  i do n't think le pen really does have a shot at the presidency but i dare say she will get a higher vote share than a nationalist party ever managed in the uk which is enough to make your point , i guess . 
  the uk was smart enough to provide significant funding and expertise for edge of conflict zone camps and call it a day . 
  i think this is one of the few things cameron did right . 
  looks like the guy was a lone wolf on the day so these will be associates who did n't commit the attack . 
  it 's not by a long mile - it 's quite a short one . 
  and the total head count was the ira killed more people than anybody else by a frikkin mile and both loyalists and republicans made the british security forces look like saints comparatively ( which is quite an achievement ) . 
  edit : the biggest thing i 've never understood about the troubles is how more loyalist paramilitaries died by loyalist hands and the same for the republicans . 
  but they did kill more people than everybody else combined ( including unknown deaths and other republican organisations in the ` everybody else ' category ) . 
  hell they even killed more catholics than anybody else . 
  edit : though not more than everybody else . 
  ... which would be perfectly sensible . 
  minimise disruption for everybody . 
  not really - he intentionally steered clear of saying anything too provocative or throwing specifics to the wind before they could be nailed down . 
  compare his tone with juncker and you 'll see what i mean . 
  it 's more ; ` if we get this wrong it would fuck up a lot of shit ' and less ` deserters will be shot ' . 
  personally i appreciate the difference . 
  his rhetoric sounds measured and sensible , to be fair . 
  the consequences of failure are bad for everybody . 
  arguably the uk is currently europe 's second most powerful military ( france holds that crown right now ) and the uk 's effectiveness in anti terror detection etc really only entered it 's current state after the 7/7 bombings forced reform . 
  the uk has a head start but achieving the same level of effectiveness is n't beyond the reach of other european states ( albeit the level of surveillance required may be illegal ) . 
   there is no such consensus perhaps not but it 's certainly a popular desire . 
  they do n't all come from uk media so that 's unlikely . 
  the bit of this thread you are replying to is on the context of the possibility of a trade war ( which is an ` everybody loses ' scenario ) . 
  i think from your reply here you 've not quite understood what you were replying to . 
  yes and no ; some of the ( it looks like genuine ) leaks from barnier 's office and mays make it look like at least some folks are preparing to try to put something together that keeps everybody more or less happy and means no massive market shocks that nobody can really afford right now ( the uk has more to lose individually but there are some fragile economies in the eu right now ) . 
  then there 's the uk gov talk of ` no deal and walk ' ( which would be a disaster for everybody - even mentioning it is pretty irresponsible ) and the eu talk of ` no negotiation on anything except the exit settlement payment ' ( which would be a disaster as it could lead to the former - levels of ongoing cooperation would largely determine what was an appropriate exit settlement and ongoing payment level ) . 
  i 'm hoping beyond hope that everybody stops the chest beating and does what we 've all traditionally done in this sort of circumstance which is come up with something nobody is really happy with but everybody can live with . 
  it 's really not ; read the article . 
  just a clickbait title . 
  meh both sides are being quite irresponsible at the moment . 
  the amount of ` leaks ' of extreme posturing everywhere is rather sickening . 
   or are you going to say that france and england did nothing wrong to provoke the germans ? 
  and what of belgium and luxemburg ? 
  jesus can you lay off the literal pre ww2 nazi propaganda ? 
  this smells a lot like the ludendorff claims that germany was fighting an entirely defensive war in ww1 ( i.e. 
  ludendorff ( the guy who arguably coined the backstab myth ) rather disagreed with you . 
  the irish language represents an unbroken history and cultural connection going back into prehistory . 
  of course it 's important . 
  what a silly question to ask . 
  they were n't negotiated with the germans ( and were far less severe than , for example , treaty of brest-litovsk that germany negotiated with bolshevik russia ) but they were negotiated and showed remarkable ( unwise as it turned out ) restraint .
