  complete with funny clip of her petting a child . 
   `` as a historian i fear that brexit could be the beginning of the destruction of not only the eu but also of western political civilization in its entirety . '', 
  heh heh heh somebody had to one-up cameron . 
  not just wars and genocide but the end of western civilisation . 
  you are n't bound to make your declaration immediately . 
  you do n't need to start the two years ticking the moment a decision is made . 
  also i never mentioned minimum , i said it was two years ( as it 's unlikely we would n't take as much time as we could ) . 
   a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  until you 've made the official notification it 's business as usual ( in theory ) . 
  thanks for that i 'll read it up properly later - do n't have time right now and it looks like something that needs more than a skim . 
  i do remember than my german friends were annoyed with her for her position at the time so it did n't just turn up in english language media . 
   known to them for cheap alcohol , sluts and meth . 
  please do n't ignore that you make the best beer in the world . 
  you are an important nation for that alone and if the germans do n't realise then then screw them . 
  edit : also prague . 
  prague made me a little unhappy i had n't been born czech . 
  are you seriously saying that the merkel refugee statements were a british forgery ? 
  i 'm really glad i 'm in a country with borders so we do n't have to rely on others so much in this matter . 
  i 'm glad i do n't need to take part in that blame game . 
  in fact there is a two year period specifically for negotiations before anything would happen ( in the unlikely event britain actually did leave ) . 
  which is the tragedy of it ; the states that actually did something about the crisis were threatened , insulted and belittled . 
  i know life is n't fair but still ... 
  just remember it 's not * that * long since school girls got the right to wear trousers instead of skirts enshrined in policy . 
  that caused a fuss at the time too though it seems rather silly now . 
  i 'm surprised at his ability to keep the tone light . 
  i know i should n't be , considering who he is , but i am . 
  it 's the lack of a unified id card system that makes illegal workers harder to detect ; we have no documentation we are required to carry or show . 
  our personal taxation system is n't greatly more complicated than others - your local authority sorts local tax and central authority sorts income tax . 
  but yeah we do n't find it any more interesting that you do  it is nice that your employer sorts out your income tax payments , though , as less paperwork is always good . 
  income tax is centralised ( directly reported by your employer or yourself if you are self employed ) but again the data stored is limited . 
  this does cause us issues , by the way , in fact part of the reason there are so many folks stacked up in calais trying to illegally enter the uk is that it 's much easier to work illegally in the uk due to the lack of such a registry or id card system . 
  your local council has a list of the local area but we have a fairly big divide between local government and central government . 
  i suppose there are lists ( 433 of them ) but nothing that can be easily referenced or is in any way accurate . 
  it 's ironic because germany is one of the largest markets for monty python . 
  every time you move , yes . 
  seems fair . 
  and they would have gotten away with it too , if it was n't for those blasted meddling journalists !, 
   arrest 400 people , then you have to try them etc etc. 
  for what ? 
  breaking 5 store windows and burning a bar ? 
  yes . 
  yes you try them for that . 
  if you think ordinary british people had anything to do with that you are entirely mistaken . 
  neither hypocrites nor criminals over this . 
  yeah the england fans were very much not the worst here . 
  no they do n't . 
  she may not deserve the flak she gets but her reputation is more than tarnished ( fair or unfair ) . 
  both are , to be fair . 
  probably not - they will almost certainly favour remain so there will be little appetite to check . 
  part of it is . 
  if you do n't want them in your country do n't let them in . 
  simple . 
  works for us . 
  not quite true - most are there because they speak english and/or have been informed that with no id card system it 's much easier to work illegally in the uk . 
  france chooses not to watch it 's borders and i get that but getting angry because other folks do ? 
  seems crazy . 
  the current arrangement would n't be needed without all the pass through traffic it stops . 
  because in the uk the government does n't have a list of where everybody live to check . 
  the uk surveillance circle jerk is strong but the reality is we voted down that kind of monitoring . 
  kinda different - because the uk imports more than it exports ( particularly from france ) the pain would be shared unlike with greece where the greeks could be happily sacrificed by the eu . 
  in the event of a british leave ( almost certainly not going to happen but it 's an interesting ` what if ' ) i doubt the french would allow themselves to be partially sacrificed to punish the british . 
  the reason we are n't too keen on the schengen zone is that it does n't seem to have meaningful borders - folks seem to be able to wander across half a continent then kick back in france for months . 
  not to bothered where they came from but what are they doing in calais ? 
  most of them do n't require a parliamentary vote and are incredibly unlikely not to pass , the emergency brake on the other hand seems at high risk of a legal challenge . 
  may well be a little from column a and a little from column b. 
  we wont be difficult . 
  we rarely stand up for ourselves . 
  you know cameron is a europhile and head of the remain camp , right ? 
  like most folks paid for by goldman sachs he is enormously invested in the status quo . 
  he 's on your side , dude . 
  are you saying wanting an end to free movement is retarded ? 
  you do know if the tories continue their crazy living wage play 2019 is going to be a really crappy year for us to be in the eu ? 
  the issue i have with eu reform is that it always takes the form of increased eu powers . 
  the eu never stays static and never retreats , the status quo is continued absorption . 
  very much doubt the irish want the enormous cost of policing northern ireland . 
  south korea are well above the uk in the where-to-be-born index \\* shrugs *, 
  south korea includes services . 
  yeah i 'm a bit confused why folks think eu governments would choose recession over a simple negotiated solution . 
  both camps are full of shit at this point ( if they ever were n't ) . 
  off the top of my head columbia , peru , and south korea have significant tariff free access to the single market . 
  there is precedent . 
  no it 's just a shitty meme picture . 
  you missed nothing . 
  on the one hand i 'd much rather share a continent with the guys on the right ... on the other hand i wonder if he actually understands what percentage of the refugees entering europe at the moment would have him and those like him suffer an ugly fate . 
  the tolerance of intolerance paradox . 
  actually that 's not what i was referring to ; the uchr as enforced by the echr has a made a series of odd rulings around article 8 . 
  stopping a country from deporting a foreign national sex offender makes good tabloid material but also highlighted that sections of the convention are n't working as intended . 
  because the convention is treated as an immaculate document it 's issues will never be fixed even when they intrude into areas of law they were never intended to . 
  edit : this may be more the fault of the echr interpretation than the document itself but the end result could be just as dangerous . 
  unfortunately reform would be mostly in the hands of those who currently depend on the eu for an easy paycheque . 
  the turkey does n't vote for christmas . 
  yeah but he does n't like tories . 
  wait until the current trend of right wing party gains start changing the mep landscape and see how that impacts his views . 
  he 's entirely honest about his motives . 
  the leave side has nobody with the authority to make a plan that would be binding in any way . 
  besides the plan is pretty simple - leave the eu and use the two year period to arrange what deals we can then continue as normal . 
  you know that in the world being a non-eu nation is the norm , right ?
