  they also have some fantastic early graffiti written in said runic language ( which very few places in the world can match ) . 
  really nice food though . 
  totally did n't expect it to be as good as it was . 
  i know that was irrelevant but i had to share . 
   so something that happened just 26 years ago ? 
  and reshaped europe changing borders and global power structures . . yeah . 
   wait 2 million syrians will change europe 4ever ? 
  omg . 
  where did you get the 2 million figure from and why specify syrians ? 
  current rate of influx is only increasing , not decreasing as more people notice that the journey is not a waste of time . 
  add in family reunification and you can multiply the number by a minimum of four . 
  so roll that forward a few years and you have number larger than the populations of many european nations . 
  if some sort of control is asserted you end up with a couple of million people and we can absorb that . 
  so yes - control of the situation is essential . 
  actually does because the handling of this will shape the next 60 . 
  considering birth rate differences in different communities current rates of population movement into europe will result in large demographic and cultural shifts and the window for preventing this is getting shorter by the day . 
  the current crisis is the most significant thing that has happened in europe since the fall of the berlin wall in terms of potential for social change . 
  for the record remember how much more successful australia has been at deterring refugee boats . 
  they are doing something right . 
  that seems fair . 
  there is no requirement to sacrifice your culture . 
  kinda - it 's a solution to our problem , not their problem . 
  and as our democratically elected governments are supposed to deal with our problems it seems like the safest plan . 
  that 's the thing that amuses me about apocalyptic out scenarios - they all assume that everybody will choose crushing and extended recession over a bilateral trade agreement . 
  our governments are run by big business and that would be bad for most big business . 
  could go either way - i think a lot will depend on the handling of the refugee crisis . 
  who knows ? 
  long time before the vote yet . 
  plenty of time for shifts . 
  end result will probably be determined by the ability of europe to control the refugee influx . 
  this makes me smile - seeing the tags on here you have canadian , polish , danish and british folks all united in our contempt for buzzfeed . 
  cameron is firmly behind whichever side he thinks will win . 
  he already made his support of the in campaign dependant on sufficient eu reforms so he 's left his options open . 
  if it looks like public opinion is swinging strongly towards out then he will declare that attempts at reform has failed and so sadly he can not possibly give his support to the in campaign . 
  the guy is actually pretty good at this stuff . 
  seems pretty effective from a norwegian point of view . 
  does n't ireland have very similar standards of living to the uk ? 
  certainly looked pretty much the same last time i was there ( only difference was expensive beer and fantastic barmen ) . 
  probably not . 
  that 's not how we do things in europe . 
  too soon . 
  no because he 's pretty funny and i do n't want anything peaceful to happen to him . 
  that would have novelty value . 
  you can only helicopter so many times before it gets old . 
  south park was well ahead of the game as usual . 
  horrific deplorable violence is ok as long as they do n't use foul language . 
  anybody with a soul . 
  you can fit more on a baking tray to crisp up . 
  they are just more practical , damn it !, 
  ( also i 'm pretty sure i first encountered them in paris so go figure ) . 
  they are n't from london so are n't really people in the normal sense . 
  do as you wish with them . 
   its why i also favour the products of sweat shops , nothing encourages a good double-stitch like fear of the lash !, 
  the tiny fingers of the child labourers are just so much more dextrous than clumsy adults so they turn out superior products . 
  it 's why i love the primark range when getting presents for nieces - made by children for children . 
  it 's the cream egg fiasco all over again . 
  [ ahh the ol' jealousa-roo ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/marvelstudios/comments/5beotw/the_official_doctor_strange_domestic_release/d9o0nra/?sh=30289698%3fcontext%3d1&amp;st=iv8u2glf ), 
  * asset stripping, 
  on the bright side things are looking up for germany . 
  sovereign states ca n't actually hate things being political constructs and having no minds of their own , he was talking about people . 
  i doubt a great many people hate the eu ( as that would be somewhat unhinged ) but many dislike it . 
  i think he was joking . 
   i think the `` open borers '' folks are the ones now starting to come around they are n't . 
  oh we 'd keep watching . 
  we 'd just stop sharing . 
  i think the common reaction is ` i 'm pretty sure that 's not legal but i think i 'm ok with that ' . 
  i prefer the term ` southerner ' but i guess they are interchangeable . 
  why wont they just let the rebels win then get on with a good old program of ethnic cleansing/genocide ? 
  very unreasonable . 
  i get the same problem but i 'm living in the north of england . 
  these people have no first language . 
  no , it did n't sound like it hurt that much . 
  well on the bright side i know my country wont listen to this judgement in any meaningful way . 
  celts came before and after the romans but it 's all pretty murky before the romans so i erred on the side of caution ( the one i could verify ) . 
  there 's also a couple of earlier ones that we think happened but we know so little about that we are n't sure . 
  assuming my mediocre amount of reading on the subject is correct  and the picts did n't come to invade either ( if the saxons did initially is questionable too though they certainly started later ) but the outcome was the same . 
  edit : also now i think about it the picts predated the romans in britain but did a bit of invading later so the list is kinda shite for timeline , really . 
  it 's a british tradition : romans celts picts saxons danes normans although for the record it worked out rather badly for the people already there in all cases so i 'm not sure why we expect it to be different this time . 
  or return them to point of origin . 
  if it 's libya there 's no functional government to say ` no ' . 
  we have ` rescued ' people in sight of land after they holed their boat . 
  i tended to call bullshit on that one too - french military history is badass . 
  gets old after a while . 
  well you do n't always get what you want , do you ? 
  til the knights who say ` ni ' were italian . 
  there 's quite a few situations that would leave somebody only able to work part time . 
  it might even be a true story considering how bad our military security is . 
  in world terms europe already contains a number of tech hubs . 
  i do n't think it 's on a current path to become a major hub that that is n't hurt or helped by brexit a great deal - that will require other changes ( the much talked about single digital market place would be a game changer , for example ) . 
   russians no longer think nuclear war would be end of everything well odds are it would n't - a limited nuclear exchange is a far more likely scenario than total multi nation killing mad death party scenarios . 
  people mind but as the alternatives are ethnic cleaning or more extreme it 's an issue we 'll just have to deal with . 
   the same way they `` controlled '' non-eu immigration ? 
  that 's part of what lead to brexit , actually , a massive democratic failure . 
  limitation , control , or reduction of immigration has been a popular election winning campaign pledge for a good 40 years which has been voted for repeatedly but never actually made good on . 
  democracy starts to break down if none of the options actually make good on their promises . 
  the australian system works better than the alternatives it 's just probably not viable for the uk . 
   and cost of life is about to go up , not down . 
  most of the huge rent/housing costs in the uk are driven by the use of housing as an investment/money laundering/hiding mechanism . 
  i doubt it but it * is * possible those investments will be less attractive after brexit . 
   ah yes .
