  or did i misread ? 
  ( i probably have , the curse of text is an argument lacks the tone and body language that 's so central to good communication ) . 
  i think you read a different history of ww1 and ww2 than i did or at least read different casualty figures . 
  the british empire could easily have not gone to war with nazi germany , for example . 
  all i 'll say i 'm glad you are n't in any position to make or influence any foreign policy decision . 
  who knows what could be negotiated ? 
  especially post brexit things are wide open . 
  where nuclear deterrence is concerned more is better and the us is currently looking to disengage financially from securing europe . 
  outside our current nato framework . 
  common , though . 
  nah the left is crammed with folks who get off on rubbing in a perceived moral highground . 
  they might be concern trolls but seems unlikely . 
  to be fair we are n't going anywhere . 
  i know it was called a leave vote but it was n't literal . 
  i think part of that was the point he was making . 
  media portrayals of russia tend to be rather two dimensional . 
  err our leaders have spent months insulting him . 
  if we 're estranged it 's not really his fault at this point ( it 's very much ours ) . 
  probably not insurmountable . 
  i 'm sure the tech will become available one day . 
  in britain we 'd learn to celebrate road depth diversity . 
  merkal put pressure on those countries building border fences to stop ( the same border fences that have done such a good job since ) . 
  so it 's not a myth - she actively tried to prevent a solution . 
   for example , i am fairly certain the first people to talk about grooming gangs in the uk were britain first and the bnp . 
  now it 's known but frankly ignored . 
  in fact , talking about it too much is seen as ` suspicious . ', 
  lol muslamic ray guns, 
  russia is n't even a credible threat to some of us . 
  much of europe has no real external military threat . 
  funnily enough the \\ #spiritcooking thing actually caused a minor shift in the religious right . 
  memes just had an impact on a presidential election : /, 
  that inactivity has allowed it to get to a stage where the solutions are rather ugly . 
  ethnic cleansing is n't cool :(, 
  wake up sheeple, 
   in my opinion , it would have been better to do 2 consecutive referendums with a simple majority requirement a few years appart . 
  that would have been optimal . 
  off topic question but if somebody who had never been to ukraine was to holiday there where would you personally recommend going ? 
  also finland produces so pretty good cheeses even when you have all of europe to choose from . 
  but we are n't done - the flow of people continues unabated . 
  that 's what would have made it hilarious for bystanders . 
  they both said a lot of wonderfully horrible things about each other as it is , imagine if they had to share power ? 
  that 's my point . 
  the only way / u/khamiltoe 's point works is either if / u/in _ der_tat has previously upheld a paedophile 's actions ( in his specific capacity as a paedophile ) as an example we should all follow or alternatively it could work if he considered maduro 's form of socialism is on par with paedophilia and as such should be immediately recognised as wrong . 
  yeah ... 
   a quick search of your reddit account has n't showed you condemning paedophilia . 
  that would only work as an equivalence if / u/in _ der_tat had previously spoken up in favour of paedophilia as the route to building a better tomorrow . 
  corbyn has n't been shy of his approval for maduro and chavez before him but now that he 's rigging elections , loading courts and kidnapping dissidents you hear nothing but the rain . 
  that would only work as an equivalence if / u/in _ der_tat had previously spoken up in favour of paedophilia as the route to building a better tomorrow . 
  i 'm not checking his post history but i really hope this is n't the case . 
  yeah aside from that . 
  i mean he 's ruled out saying he 's changed his views or regrets previous remarks but hey that could mean anything . 
  i think the previous commenter can be excused for thinking he 'd said nothing as he carefully avoided most content . 
  i mean his whole lengthy quote could have been replaced by mr mackey from south park saying ` violence is bad mmmkay ' without losing meaning if it was n't due to the fact he hastened to make it clear it was only the violence he condemned ; the extra judicial kidnapping etc seems to be not worth mentioning . 
   asked whether he condemned mr maduro 's actions , mr corbyn said : `` what i condemn is the violence that 's been done by any side , by all sides , in all this . 
  violence is not going to solve the issue . 
  from an outsider 's perspective ( and that of international fact finding missions ) the georgia and ukraine conflicts are rather different beasts . 
  one appears much more ambiguous than the other . 
   agreed , although if the eu does harmonize corporation tax rates as has been contemplated this could go as well . 
  they would need the irish to vote for this for it to happen . 
  do n't see that being a thing . 
   `` every nation criticizes every other one -- and they are all correct . '', 
  ( schopenhauer ) i * love * that quote . 
  double points for being mostly true . 
  prussia did nothing wrong !, 
  i 've never seen a waterproof bag i 'd trust to survive a swim daily . 
  holy revisionism , batman !, 
  i mean half of the comments are n't a million miles from ` hitler did nothing wrong ' . 
  i do n't know what i expected . 
  it was an insult , not an ad hominem . 
  he was n't attacking your argument by attacking you he was attacking you by judging you based on your ` argument ' . 
  big difference . 
  would have been hard to tell as germany made fairly widespread use of incendiary weapons fair early which are rather hard to direct . 
  it would be immoral for a government at war to not pursue the course of action most likely to bring victory and the safety of their people . 
  legality at that stage is more or less irrelevant unless you lose - the victors in an existential war do not typically go on trial for war crimes as we saw in world war 2 and if something is never punished is it meaningfully illegal ? 
  that would be true if you ignore that there may be anything more to be said on the subject . 
  germany forced the conflict and by the end of operation barbarossa had made it clear exactly what sort of war they were waging . 
  that others replied in kind is not just understandable it 's acceptable . 
  in the case of laws in warfare they tend to get kept unless there is a possibility you will lose and they are in the way . 
  modern attempts to pretend otherwise always strike me as painfully naive - do n't judge those who were facing potential annihilation by the attitudes of our ( comparative ) happy and safe utopia . 
  if you win it 's a valid tactic and if you do n't it is n't , that 's the way it 's always been . 
  as the children of a very stable period in history where the idea of our countries being outright invaded seems a little of a joke we have a very warped and sanitised view on warfare . 
  we have a large book of rules that only really serve to limit the excesses of powerful nations operating against weaker ones but as soon as we fight something we actually consider a threat we drop them the moment they become inconvenient . 
  again as it ever was . 
   total war is warfare that includes any and all civilian-associated resources and infrastructure as legitimate military targets it 's literally the first sentence of what i linked . 
  that 's the kind of war both sides were fighting . 
  laws do n't change reality . 
  just wow . 
  sad but just one of many casualties of the total war germany started . 
  the amount of people living there made it a military target in that sort of conflict ( no such thing as a civilian from a strategic planning point of view , only enemy assets to be degraded ) . 
  edit : [ for those unaware . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/total_war ), 
  great lord , you know there 's a famine because there 's an armed conflict disrupting normal commerce and if the yemeni government had the choice they would n't be facing an armed rebellion sponsored and armed by foreign powers , right ? 
  i think you 'll find quite a few nations indulge in a little bit of proxy conflict from time to time and many more in the west enjoy the fruits of it and do n't complain . 
  the majority of the population is still within ( albeit weakly ) government controlled territory and an iranian aided rebellion is the main issue they are facing . 
  we are n't the only people who wage proxy wars , dude . 
  the war is not with yemen , saudi are assisting yemen in fighting a civil war against various rebel groups . 
  as far as i can tell the saudis are n't any more guilty of ` killing civilians ' than any nation that 's waged an air campaign against militant groups . 
  boy do they breed . 
  echr ruled that was n't proportionate . 
  unless you can prove they are an immediate danger to the country they can not be legally detained .
