  the back stab myth and post war revisionism on this subject never ceases to impress me . 
  in this case i 'm not sure that 's fair - plenty of other nations helped with the making of this bed . 
  doubtful - like the clickbait about london backs the schemes are pretty sophisticated . 
  they 've flown under the radar for so long for a good reason and knowing they exist wont make them much easier to track going forward . 
  yes , negotiated . 
  versailles was far less punitive than the national socialist propaganda ( that 's been remarkably enduring ) would have you believe . 
  that and the later clean wehrmacht myth just do n't seem to die . 
  let 's hope they stay the course and it does n't get blocked !, 
  germany deserves a bit of a break after the last year and a half . 
  take it from me as a brit ; national stock can go into the negative . 
  much more russian money in their politics than british . 
  i know le pen will get trashed in the second round but the fact she 's in the running to win the first round means that france will have a far higher ultra nationalist vote share than the uk has ever come close to . 
  hue . 
  you know it 's watching you , now ? 
   not possible commitments . 
  these commitments were already made as far as i know most of em under a seven-year budgetary framework depends on what value you are kicking around ; the possible breakdowns we 've seen so far have been off the back of a uk based ( but not uk government affiliated ) organisation . 
  their breakdowns struggle to get anywhere near 50bn without including significant investment payments made after the uk leaves the eu . 
  now that would make perfect sense ( along with extensive continued future payments ) if the uk retained functional integration into the single market but becomes a non-runner otherwise . 
   that 's a different issue which is not part of this `` bill '' it 's not a bill , it 's a settlement of outstanding commitments and existing assets etc are very much part of any such negotiation . 
  attempting to force future commitments which would not necessarily be appropriate based on final settlements before final settlements are reached is questionable at best . 
  but i guess the idea of punitive action is pretty popular on here ( the ` deserters will be shot ' technique ) . 
  edit : both the uk and eu establishments seem to be spouting shite at the moment based on the figures we have - i hope that cooler heads prevail . 
  who cares ? 
  the poster is pretty funny . 
  to reach 50bn you need to both include prepayment of possible future commitments and decide that the uk gets zero share of the value of eu assets ( which runs rather contrary to the way eib was set up ) so i sincerely hope this is political grandstanding . 
  because if it is n't it 's an attempt at extortion . 
  the pensions come to rather less than 50bn . 
  a 50bn figure is rather on the higher end of possible estimates and to reach 50bn you need to include some rather questionable things . 
  it also requires you to ignore the idea that the uk 's paid for share of eu assets has has any value at all . 
  pretty sure they 've lost core status at this point . 
  edit : nothing to stop them going the argentina route and keep fabricating claims , i guess . 
  absolutely beautiful . 
  also willing to live without the labour protections that were so hard won by western european workers . 
  collective bargaining does n't work if you can be easily replaced by a cheap foreign import . 
   i know that britain owes money to germany for crimes against sausagekind . 
  the lincolnshire sausage is second to none . 
  you take that back !, 
  hands off , son !, 
  i do hope not ; much as i do n't think we should be a part of it i hope the eu succeeds and prospers . 
  agreed but then it depends on which average you use ; the median average would be higher now but not the mean . 
  the middle class was vastly wealthier than they are today . 
  do n't mistake technological level for living standards - with money pouring in from the empire , wealth levels were very high comparatively . 
  somebody in equivalent skilled employment to myself and my partner would have easily afforded to pay household staff . 
  how many doctors now , for example , have a cook , housemaid and manservant ? 
  is it bad that actually makes more difference to my life ? 
  average living standards have been in decline since about 1890 . 
  it also had remarkably few wars of independence . 
  it 's actually a fairly unique case . 
  personally i actually agree with the policy ; even if they were detained until processing was complete it 's a responsible and cost effective answer to the situation . 
  the criticism is n't over the use of containers , it 's over the automatic detention of all asylum seekers which is criticised by such hideous groups as amnesty , the un refugee agency and msf . 
  for those making assumptions about what the issue is based on the title of the link . 
   yesterday with the `` inhumane '' treatment of truck drivers from eastern europe that one 's a shitter because the union movement in the uk fought pretty hard for the worker protections british truckers insist on and that 's currently destroying the business model . 
  a race to the bottom is n't cool . 
  the criticism of hungary mentioned there is n't over the use of shipping containers , it 's over the automatic detention of all asylum seekers which has caused a lot of alarm to the un refugee agency , amnesty and msf among others so it 's hardly just the bbc . 
  personally i agree with the hungarian policy but that does n't make the controversy go away . 
  it 's less in depth but it was also written a few years before and has enough overlap that i 'd be very surprised if de gaulle 's book was n't an inspiration . 
  de gaulle 's book sold much better outside of france than within ( kinda tragic , looking back ) . 
  to be fair with the rising of other powers in the world the whole west probably needs to unify further politically if we wish to remain the world 's dominant cultural group . 
  that and he also displayed strong prejudices against those nationalities in his personal life . 
  such things were far more common then than now and it 's neither a positive nor negative trait within historical context . 
  also to correct you the british empire at that stage was very much not the us 's ` bitch ' . 
  not so much - he had good reason to dislike the british and they had good reason to regard him as only marginally competent ( his repeated failures when dealing with vichy french holdings ) . 
  i was less impressed with de gaulle 's wartime record than i was by the brilliant insight he displayed in a book he wrote before ww2 ( `` the army of the future '' iirc correctly in english , not sure what it 's called in french ) in which he displayed a far better understanding of the future and shape of armoured warfare than pretty much any of his contemporaries - ww2 would have been very , very different if french command had implemented his doctrines . 
  the german invasion of france would probably have bounced . 
  edit : spelling and punctuation . 
  if you read the newspaper you 'd know they flipped their shit ( as far as a pretty dignified newspaper does that ) about the uk democratic system during the last election . 
  this is glowing praise by comparison . 
  ignore the editorials and the times can be quite a good newspaper . 
  excellent letters page . 
  if it helps they have been pretty consistently scathing of the uk system for producing warped results so they are n't applying a different standard here . 
  it is , actually . 
  it 's been pretty consistently scathing of fptp . 
  is that how you actually see yourself ? 
  you seem charming . 
  the help they tend to require is folks looking the other way . 
  that 's really cheap . 
  in fact the poorer a government gets , the better it gets at it !, 
   their economy is completely dependent on us . 
  right now they are building the largest airport in the world which is completely dependent on connecting flights from europe and stealing our hub traffic ( eg . 
  asia flies through istanbul rather than frankfurt ) . 
  it 's all fun and games until he starts assisting a couple of million refugees to cross into europe . 
  best to play safe . 
  err kinda works this time as a group claimed responsibility for the sch\u00e4uble one and i doubt it 's coincidence they happened so close together . 
  also not the first time this sort of thing has happened . 
  different groups of scum tend to have different mos for how they terrorise . 
  makes me love the bbc more each day . 
  they are far from perfect but probably the best remaining option . 
  also done in occupied france a number of times . 
  great lord !, 
  op 's post history is a shit show . 
  literally dozens of them in wales . 
  only folks like / u/tordeur _ rodriguez genuinely do seem to hate us . 
  some sort of complex , i guess . 
  it 's had centuries of preferential investment to get to this point . 
  it was n't always like this . 
  it 's tragic because they used to be the uk 's best newspaper . 
  by a margin , as well . 
  looking stylish and sultry but disorganised and ineffectual . 
  it 's right between one of the half dozen mentions of not eating ` things that swim but have neither fins nor scales ' which is - by sheer number of mentions - the most important rule in the bible . 
  to be fair the bad habit you caught from us where this is concerned is allowing international property speculation to be a thing .
