  when they stop being homes and start being an investment portfolio you end up with a serious issue . 
  ^ ^ maybe ... 
  the vote was 48 % remain 52 % leave . 
  you 'll notice that the final results of the referendum have no mention of particulate votes . 
  it was reported by town/county/region / constituent country because we have a relatively transparent electoral system ( i.e. 
  the reason i know my town voted remain and the one next to it voted leave ) but the referendum result was measured on every vote in the uk being counted equally in one pool . 
  this level of equality seems to get to some people . 
  there was still no separate particulate votes . 
  it was a uk vote with every vote being just as important as every other in the uk . 
  from this i can only conclude that / u/pinguy likes the taste of dried dick . 
  ahh ireland and the uk . 
  living in houses as god intended . 
  ok . nato offers no protection against russian shenanigans in eastern europe . 
  good to know . 
   the comment was not directed at `` turks '' . 
  only in as far as anything any of us think and post here is completely irrelevant . 
  within the context of current events the comment was absolutely directed at ` turks ' ; it 's not coincidence he made this remark now . 
  that 's honestly not true . 
  the us , primarily through nato , underpins eastern europe especially . 
  i guess at least with the film u-571 they included a disclaimer at the end saying ` all events here are fictional , the real naval enigma machines/codebooks were captured by the royal navy ' which was nice but missed the fact that the royal canadian navy managed it too . 
  well it kinda was as i do n't think anybody else has made a recent nazi comparison . 
  if you honestly think the remark was n't referring to the turks i have a bridge to sell you . 
  see what i mean ? 
  in this context those two things are more or less exactly the same . 
  pick your bias and run with it , i guess . 
  may never supported brexit , she 's currently enacting the results of the referendum of which she counted herself among the losing side . 
  or democracy . 
  i 've noticed the terms ` democratic ' or ` populist ' depend almost entirely on whether you like the outcome or not . 
  there was no separate regional vote ; it was a uk vote . 
  my small town also voted remain . 
  equally meaningless . 
  curse of democracy - where i live in the north of england most of this area votes labour come hell or high water so nobody cares about it ; cons do n't because it does n't matter what they do , the vote will be labour , labs do n't for the same reason . 
  i think scotland has fallen into the same trap with the snp - the fight for the scottish vote used to matter so folks cared ; the amount of scottish cabinet ministers we 've had in the last 50 years points to that and the previous level of campaigning ( uk party campaign budgets in scotland have tanked in the last 10 years ) . 
  democracy pretty much follows the votes ( it 's why it 's quite bad at running some things - no votes in mental health care funding ! ), 
  and sometimes this has shitty results . 
  yeah i was agreeing with you on that one - scotland has low rates of immigration but wants to keep what it has . 
  just seems sensible . 
  so they never get voted for but mysteriously wield all the power . 
  cool . 
  if you 'd talked about british nationalism i 'd have been right there with you but english nationalism is barely a thing compared to basically anywhere else . 
  compare it with scotland and wales , for example . 
  if they vote no again she 'll just call another one a couple of years later too . 
  the same english nationalists that have never got about 1 % in an election . 
  seems legit . 
   remaining in the single market without keeping the free movement of people it is , the devolved immigration thing not so much . 
  but they have the advantage of sounding nice even if it 's almost incomprehensible to anybody but close neighbours . 
  if you 've ever been to the greater manchester area you 'll know that over here the same ca n't be said - just as hard to decipher while making your ears bleed . 
  i think you could slot the uk in about mid table there . 
   england english nationalism is n't really a thing ; english nationalists parties have never got more than 1 % of the vote . 
  that 's fantastic !, 
  that 's an eu flag i could get behind . 
   and btw france did n't invite illegal immigrants in , the freedom of movement it 's only for e.u citizens it 's not about illegal immigrants . 
  not defending most of his point but the french have chosen not to have border controls . 
  they did n't choose to let illegal immigrants in but they also did n't choose to do anything to prevent it . 
  if i remove my door locks at home for convenience when entering and exiting the house i 'm not choosing to get burgled but it might just look like it to a stranger . 
  what , specifically , is wrong with the article beyond the editorialised title change when posted here ? 
  it 's not different - half my family originates from that area and i 've spent quite a bit of time there . 
  it 's just another section of england that is n't london . 
  also ` asians too ' ? 
  true !, 
  the jury is still out on that one . 
  there 's tolerance of it now but wait until it starts to bite . 
  if you think it 's going to be easy for the brits i think you will be surprised . 
  because linking economies with vastly different costs of living/labour laws can have a serious negative impact . 
  also i hate asians - that 's why i 'll soon be marrying one . 
  might be for the best , too . 
  m\u00fcller drug stores ? 
  i thought they just did yogurts : /, 
  it will make little difference as our governments are generally in favour of flooding the country with cheap non-eu labour . 
  leaving the eu may help in some small way but it wont make out political ` elite ' start acting like they give a fuck about the future of the country . 
  they are n't stupid enough . 
  the trail the british empire left behind it sadly begs to differ :(, 
  think he 's referring to europa universalis more than anything : /, 
  do n't waste your time - he 's in the comment thread about a video about sweden and made his decisions on the video based on the mention of he who shall not be named in an attention grabbing intro . 
  not to either condemn or condone your other statements but if they are going on strike it 's inherently not slacktivism . 
  while calling it childish does n't make it so but as your first resort is name calling there 's not much point in responding to you . 
  i 'm out . 
   the problem has always been how to do it without the loyalists kicking off . 
  or ` how to get the majority of folks in northern ireland to actually want and vote for it ' which is a somewhat different question . 
  think he 's probably on about less physical tax affairs . 
   2 . we did not supply is . 
  not directly - we supplied them quite heavily accidentally : /, 
  he did stop the us pumping arms into syria and the rebels called for talks with the regime literally hours after his election was confirmed for that very reason . 
  syria is literally the only thing trump has done absolutely right . 
  a people trapped operated by a mouse . 
  depends if he displeased putin . 
  i 'm going to quote another reply because he 's got the gist of it  you 're getting downvoted , but it 's worth discussing . 
  the indy basically cheers any weakening of the uk 's power , finances , traditions and territorial integrity . 
  it did n't used to be this way and i think it was significantly more balanced before it went online only . 
  and that 's what it does these days - i guess ` hates the uk ' is probably the wrong term , more ` produces articles to appeal to a market of folks who hate the uk ' . 
  it 's hardly childish to notice . 
  also you imagined it . 
  plenty of bloodshed during my lifetime over there and i 'm not that old . 
  the newspaper is the one i 'm confused about . 
  the independent is a british newspaper and did n't hate the uk at least as recently as the financial crash . 
  then it had a change of direction , then it 's print edition died now it 's just buzzfeed but with an illustrious history . 
  was my paper of choice between roughly 2002 and 2010 so i kinda want the old indy back . 
  it was unique among british papers for not having strong politics and factual reporting . 
  that was kind of it 's thing . 
  actually only happened in the last 10 years .
