  it was and it almost literally made me facepalm when she said it . 
  there 's no reason this whole process has to descend into shit slinging and grand standing but everybody seems to insist . 
  the various ` little joke 's juncker has been springing lately are more of the same ( when somebody brings a 6kg prop for a prank you obviously planned to leak in a private meeting as a press stunt it 's hard to take their good will seriously ) . 
  the uk needs this to go at least reasonably and there are parts of europe at least as heavily invested - the stakes are way to high for people to be dicking about and yet they all are . 
  ^ please ^ do n't ^ be ^ british , ^ please ^ do n't ^ be ^ british , ^ please ^ do n't ^ be ^ british , ^ please ^ do n't ^ be ^ british ... damnit !, 
  eh when you 're in a position of authority you need to be a bit careful what you say ( it 's why davis , johnson and juncker are fucking liabilities ) . 
  ` it 's just a prank , bro ! ', 
  tends to fall flat when you the power to fuck the futures of millions . 
   and not being a racist is pretty far apart now they are but they were n't 50 years ago . 
  interracial relationships are still far less common than they should be in most countries if people did n't have a very strong preference for their own race . 
  on a different note me and my other half ( asian ) have noticed that when we travel in eastern europe she seems to get randomly selected for security checks every time . 
  her score is 5 , mine is 0 including a time my hand luggage had a load of e-cigarette stuff i was bringing over for a friend ( so on the bag scanner one end was a bundle of wires , metallic cylinders , and small liquid bottles which i forgot were there ) . 
  in 50 years time we may be fully accepting of the idea that everybody gets their own pronouns . 
  doubt it but it might be true . 
  holy shit those comments . 
  that was actually a little bit funny . 
  that 's my point - you know when you meet up with old uni mates years later and do lots of silly stuff while forgetting you are n't young any more ? 
  the last thing i was to see is a middle aged british and prussian empire downing some pints then getting into a fight with france . 
  we 've grown up and we 're friends now !, 
  all looked ok until i noticed the rebirth of prussia . 
  i think they 'll be sad to see him go ; he a perfect propaganda target . 
  [ uh huh . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/353/279/e31.jpg ), 
  he stole all of our hearts . 
  i do n't think that article provides any real evidence - the assumption is that they were agent provocateurs rather than simply undercover officers but i 'd expect nothing less from something called the world socialist web site ' that unironically refers to the west as ` the imperialist powers ' . 
  from a different report `` they were called out as undercover agents when they refused to throw objects '' . 
  that 's basically the opposite of an agent provocateur ( if true ) . 
  baton courtesy , service with a smile . 
  it not only includes funding plans but includes some other questionable payments and ignores the uk 's share of eu assets ( eib etc ) so it 's unlikely that will be the final figure . 
  if the eu insists on it then we will know they are trying to sink the talks to make an example . 
  it would be the ` deserters will be shot ' figure . 
  agree with most of it but  and treat all eu citizens currently in the uk as no better than 3rd country nationals , is misleading at best - the uk government has had an offer on the table for months for full reciprocal guarantees of citizens rights . 
  the eu can pick that up at any time they want . 
  yes . 
  but now that it 's the eu saying it it 's getting one over on the brits . 
  it 's also not true - we voted against around 2 % of everything in the eu . 
  official eu voting records \\* show that the british government has voted ` no ' to laws passed at eu level on 56 occasions , abstained 70 times , and voted ` yes ' 2,466 times since 1999 , according to uk in a changing europe fellows sara hagemann and simon hix . 
  funny definition of the word ` everything ' . 
  that this bullshit is upvoted says an awful lot about this sub . 
  \\* sara hagemann ( 2016 ) ` government decision records from the council of the european union 1999-2016 , dataset v. march 2016 ' , london school of economics and political science . 
  the terrorists tend to be second generation and this is a pattern that 's held consistent across the western world . 
  germany has some dark years ahead , sadly . 
  it 's not all countries ; it 's just the uk . 
  this sub is generally hostile to other european independence movements ( catalonia , for example ) but for the most part hates the uk since the exit vote ( was mild dislike before ) . 
  nah this place does it to itself . 
  or france or spain . 
  it 's a gamble but it might pay off . 
  i 'd assume it would be much longer than that . 
  if uk payments into the eu end as early as 2020 something has gone tits up . 
  half right - the steam trains part never made it to a document but the ` down t ` mine ' bit made it to consultation then vanished . 
  you have been noticed , citizen . 
  no but if you are using your right hand on the stick your weaker and less dexterous are is doing the steering . 
  guess i did n't make that clear . 
  that would make sense if it was more than one factor among many . 
  also yeah night driving in bangkok around new year was one of the most terrifying experiences of my adult life . 
  you are the hero the netherlands deserves . 
  just not the hero it needs . 
  the vast majority of people are right eye dominant and right handed . 
  when you drive on the right you change gears with your right hand and rely on your left eye to spot most hazards . 
  basically at odds with what the average person is good at . 
  edit : for those posting the ` this is crap ' response you needed to go no further than [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right-_and_left-hand_traffic#safety_aspects ) to find at least one supporting study . 
  also the uk drives on the left and as more people are right eye dominant and right handed than left eye dominant and left handed this saves a lot of lives . 
  genuinely this is a thing - the uk mostly looks good because we drive on the left . 
  driving on the left saves lives . 
  not joking and not insignificant numbers . 
  we have enough freedom \u2122 already but thanks for asking . 
  and the rest wont soon when they see what happens to germany/sweden . 
  yeah . . nothing at all . 
  nothing bad could possibly come of this . 
  in the uk it was the conservatives that legalised gay marriage . 
  just sayin ' . 
  integration wont happen . 
  that 's what multiculturalism means . 
  certainly in an immigration thread . 
  shame as you guys are n't directly responsible for merkel 's bizarre decisions earlier in this problem . 
  if the camp is n't paid for by the country ( greece and italy would be ideal as they are the entry point countries ) i doubt they would mind having these problems at least partially dealt with . 
  as long as illegal entry makes citizenship impossible then we could make some mileage on sorting this shit . 
  i now have a mission to look up estonian comedy . 
  not tonight though !, 
  jokes aside as a brit german humour is the closest i 've ever found to ours , 
  err yeah . . 
  it 's the second largest economy on the planet . 
  worth it . 
  we are doing it , why should n't they ? 
  remember that last year the uk took in one quarter of all legal immigration in europe , over 500k, 
  in the real world you are judged by the actions of your peers . 
  after the london bombings the muslims i worked with in the uk were very much on their best behaviour and that was a smart move . 
  breaking down barriers does n't happen without effort and it 's not the majority that have more to lose . 
  fair ? 
  perhaps not but welcome to the real world . 
  it 's not and it certainly wont be in 10 years time . 
  yeah all the continental european countries should be doing it but they 've decided against it . 
  working out real well for them . 
  i thought lines like this were a strawman and did n't actually happen . 
  depressing to be proven wrong . 
  because once you start leaving safe countries you stop being a refugee . 
  guess even the guardian could n't keep up a deception forever . 
  the prophet himself screwed a 9 year old so they are just keeping true to the faith . 
  yup . 
  they are definitely scheduling them . .
