  yeah i mean the guy knew he was doing something massively illegal . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  commit espionage then cry when going to be punished . 
  bitch please . 
  who cares ? 
  if he hacked the italian , swedish or french military i 'd be for his extradition to the relevant country . 
  we do n't let our private citizens attack our allies . 
  i 'm not sure what the fuss is about , he did something illegal and the chances he did n't realise it was incredibly , massively illegal and wrong are slightly less than zero . 
  step 1 ) commit espionage . 
  step 2 ) get caught committing espionage . 
  step 3 ) cry when you are facing punishment for committing espionage . 
  i mean i understand those steps i just do n't understand why somebody would actually listen to the whinging in step 3 . 
  i know and i presume you are ok with a ban on that particular extremist party ? 
  and the us justice system is something he probably should have considered before he committed espionage . 
  play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  this could be a buzzfeed article : do n't go to us prison with this one weird trick !, 
  really ? 
  i doubt he 's appreciate the ban on the nazi party . 
  unless you are against that ? 
   in order to feel ( ! ), 
  safer , many people are again willing to trade in their freedom . 
  that 's pretty much the basis of all civilisation , trading freedom for security . 
  because the eu is a rather different beast . 
  i 'm not sure the eu * will * work in the long term but i 'm absolutely certain it * can * . 
  it got to the front page with 58 % upvoted . 
  wait and see if it stays . 
  agreed and some of the british army soldiers stationed in northern ireland during the troubles were murderers plain and simple . 
  unless you say purposely hide in the civilian population and rely on terror to fulfil your aims like this dude then you are probably a terrorist . 
  i see what they did there . 
  yeah but without action it 's just an empty can rattling . 
  inability to ever complete test phases on time and as the dummy data used in full system tests often needs to by synched between the different systems being tested this can mean other branches just sat twiddling their thumbs and catching up on paperwork while we waited to move on with a test cycle ( and there can be quite a few cycles when everything starts fucking up so this can be quite serious ) . 
  but the same managers and analysts/engineers did fine elsewhere . 
  hungary and ukraine * never * completed a stage on time and poland was iffy ( but not in the same league ) . 
  contrary to the stereotypes the italians were flawless . 
  i honestly do n't miss uat . 
  can be an issue with culture as well a ` social infrastructure ' , if you will . 
  the last branch of the company i worked for had an office in hungary that was pretty non-productive but the weird thing was the same workers from that office when they transferred to other sites were great workers and a girl i worked with in london transferred there and became next to useless . 
  physical infrastructure was n't the issue . 
  i had no idea how some of the best uat engineers i 've ever worked with were coming out of offices that were more or less worthless . 
  pyongyang used to be amazing - large numbers of people pretending to be operatives of the nk government posing as normal nk citizens . 
  you would n't think people would fall for it but they did and they 'd spend hours trying to save us from the brainwashing we were under . 
  he just danced away into the sunset . 
  never seen again . 
  thanks !, 
  was looking for that on and off for ages . 
  if you do n't know the history it 's a very odd statue to stumble across . 
  sure . 
  who else would i be ? 
  true dat . 
  it 's not just that he 's talking shit it 's that he 's heavily upvoted while talking shit that 's depressing . 
  so you are aware but believe that achieving parity is somehow inherently unfair ? 
  jesus rarely is somebody so open about having a massive double standard . 
  also their arms industry never got the chance to get as inefficient and complacent as western equivalents . 
  are you aware that if there is a no-deal result that eu27 states would have the exact powers the uk has granted itself but without having to specifically legislate for it ? 
  not a great benefit to the country as they will normally cost in services more than they contribute . 
  unskilled citizens and migrants actually cost a country money . 
  edit : disclaimer : only true for country with expensive social safety nets . 
  genuine question in answer to this clickbait but in a ` no deal ' scenario where eu states will have exactly the same powers that are in that bill ( with eu citizen exchanged for uk citizen , of course ) why is only wrong for the uk to have them ? 
  it 's grey and muggy outside in the north of england . 
  i sometimes forget what the sun looks like here . 
  i 'm sorry primitive romans i ca n't hear your wisdom over the sound of my glorious air conditioning . 
  compare the average life cycle of a bull run bull with that of a normal cow bred for beef and on the whole it compared favourably . 
  for the enjoyment of a crowd or the enjoyment of a customer in a restaurant makes little difference to me . 
  both are acceptable . 
   first of all , many cultures have problems , including european ones . 
  for example , in `` white '' spain we have barbaric traditions such as the `` running of the bulls '' and so on . 
  how is the running of the bulls a ` cultural problem ' ? 
  it 's significantly more humane than the vast majority of the world 's ( including european ) treatment of meat animals . 
  we do n't use the ` y ' word around here . 
  on the bright side it 's a testament to how well designed their games are that europa universalis iv and stellaris both capture how effective balkanising a nation is at neutering it . 
  the atlantic wall was n't such a hit so i doubt the southern version would be much better . 
  nearly number one on ` headlines i did n't expect ' . 
  not the antichrist but certainly a bit of a cunt ; when he testified that somebody who literally calls for a re-run of the holocaust was n't really an extremist you 've got to question the guy . 
  so sadiq 's testimonyto the home affairs select committee about quradawi :  ` there is a consensus among islamic scholars that mr al-qaradawi is not the extremist that he is painted as being ' . 
  but what does quradawi have to say ? 
   throughout history , allah has imposed upon the jews people who would punish them for their corruption ... 
  the last punishment was carried out by hitler . 
  by means of all the things he did to them -- even though they exaggerated this issue -- he managed to put them in their place . 
  this was divine punishment for them ... allah willing , the next time will be at the hand of the believers . 
  yup he managed to get both a call for another holocaust and a little bit of holocaust denial into the same quote ( super bonus points ) . 
  wonder if he 's got any other views that stand out . . hmmm  considers pregnant women and their unborn babies to be valid targets right but wha -  `` they are not suicide operations . 
  these are heroic martyrdom operations , and the heroes who carry them out do n't embark on this action out of hopelessness and despair but are driven by an overwhelming desire to cast terror and fear into the hearts of the oppressors . 
  '' [ ok but -  i believe that women 's islamic work will succeed and prove itself in the arena of the islamic movement only when it gives birth to female islamic leaders in the fields of call , thought , science , literature and education . 
  hang on this is sounding positive wonder what the next line is ...  accordingly , women as well as men can dedicate themselves to allah , and play a role in jihad . 
  right . 
  cool . 
  but here 's the divide between us - you think it 's not an issue that the commission are unelected while i disagree . 
  everything else we are discussing pretty much centres on that . 
  well thanks , dude , it 's been fun . 
  i think you need to tell antifa that , sadly , as they were rather busy in hamburg . 
  fair play !, 
   so your national government must be part of the elite group as well . 
  my national government are elected - as has been proven a number of times in the uk , you can go around the party system by directly engaging with the electorate . 
  no such route exists for the commission . 
  might be worth a trip when i 'm next over there - picked up the ottoman half of the sephardic diaspora story from a small museum in istanbul so would be interesting to see the spanish end . 
  wish it was more recently i went to the other one as seeing where they disagree would also be interesting . 
   is this proven or just sensationalist media talking ? 
  how do you think juncker obtained his office ? 
  he was n't randomly selected and he did n't exactly stand for election . 
   what ?
