  we were only too ready to use them the last time we thought they were needed . 
  wait until we face an enemy that can actually beat us and see how quickly the geneva convention disappears . 
  yup - why would assad deal with isis ( who are n't a serious threat to him ) when he knows the west will do a lot of that for him ? 
  if he leaves the others until after isis is dealt with western governments will back them more heavily . 
  i guess we are upset we are losing our proxies . 
  ok so the argument is you 're bombing the wrong group of enemies !, 
  do n't bomb those rebels , just these ones !, 
  how dare you fight your war !, 
  you should surrender and accept genocide like a decent person . 
   britain : love your humour , mates !, 
  the queen seems like a nice lady . 
  i 've found german humour to be very similar to our own - often translates well as well . 
  i 'll agree on the express but the scotsman ? 
  seemed pretty centrist to me . 
  i 'd put the independent and probably the daily record in italics . 
  metro is not really aligned to anything - it 's news is supplied with little commentary ( or details but that 's a different issue ) and fills the pages before it 's large celebrity/entertainment section , letters page , and cartoons . 
  every side thinks the bbc is against them . 
  the bbc are great . 
  telegraph , mail , times on one side , guardian , indie , mirror on the other . 
  and the sun below . 
  we are unusual in having a fairly balanced press . 
  without a left super majority . 
  i second this - you can see examples of a great many things that have been destroyed in their original country . 
  if they burn their fingerprints off like the ` refugees ' in calais are doing ? 
  europe already has a large number of refugee ` children ' that look to be in their mid twenties . 
  i 'd be interested to know how the categories were applied . 
  the corbyn problem . 
  `` i want to stay in europe and reform it '' europe is either incredibly resistant or immune to reform . 
  rather different situation - yours benefits your country while ours detracts . 
  i understand why it would not bother you if your nation is actually on the receiving end of these payments but we are not . 
  i guess it 's easy not to worry about a problem when it 's a problem for somebody else and it 's ever so easy to say ` do n't worry about the cost ' when it 's somebody else 's money . 
  russia is a habitual opportunist in all of the listed situations . 
  they are n't creating these issues , just fanning the flames . 
  i think the author credits russia with rather more significance than it has in a whole host of areas . 
  you think i 'm wrong ? 
  you miss my point - i want the eu to be honest and say ` fuck off - take it or leave it ' rather than meaning it while pretending to do otherwise . 
  good ? 
  meps say they will respect a nation 's democratic decision if they so make it is news now ? 
  scrapping child benefits for children who are n't resident in the uk . 
  we 're one of only four nations in the eu that will pay child benefits to our citizens on children outside of the uk and as we do it for our own citizens the eu treaties require us to do it for any eu national working in the uk . 
  so we pay child benefits to an estimated 25,000 polish children in poland . 
  we could stop doing it but to stop the polish claims we would have to stop offering that benefit to our own citizens too . 
  the uk has n't been constantly threatening - we stated that we were going to have a referendum on the subject and that we were n't happy with a number of things as they stand . 
  hungary does n't have current benefit claims for 25,000 children resident in poland or have a free at point of access health service that loses an estimated # 200m a year to ` health tourism ' . 
  on the final note if hungary were unhappy with their current relationship with the eu and wanted to negotiate i would entirely support that - the eu is n't ( or at least should n't be ) about coercion . 
  not being a sovereign state is n't a problem as we have chosen not to be - we are functionally provinces of a sovereign state ( the eu ) and not sovereign in our own right . 
  we can choose the secede and become sovereign states again but we currently are n't . 
  as it stands :  international law defines sovereign states as having a permanent population , debatable in the eu due to freedom of movement rules  defined territory , eu countries have this  one government , eu countries do not have this - we do n't elect meps for no reason . 
   and the capacity to enter into relations with other sovereign states . 
  eu countries can not do this in many areas  it is also normally understood that a state is neither dependent on nor subject to any other power or state . 
  eu countries are very much subject to the eu so do n't meet this one . 
  basically eu countries appear to meet less than half the criteria to be called sovereign states . 
  and that 's not a problem - my own country england is n't a sovereign state but is not held into either the uk or eu by tyranny . 
  to be part of something larger is n't necessarily a bad thing but it does prevent meaningful claims of sovereignty . 
  they are kinda right - nations in the eu are n't sovereign ( they give up many of the things that make them a sovereign nation ) but instead become functional provinces of the sovereign nation of the eu . 
  a country in the eu is no more a sovereign nation than scotland is in the uk ** and this is n't a problem ** as both have the option of seceding and becoming sovereign nations . 
  the only problem is the guy you were talking delivers his point like a 15 year old . 
  edit : forgot to add the bit in bold . 
  who 's claiming to be an expert ? 
  i just read the articles after the general election and scottish referendum while people tried to explain why all the polls were so wrong and that answer came up a lot . 
  let me guess - you know the real reason ? 
  please enlighten us ? 
  still 4 months for a terror attack to swing that . 
  we ca n't honestly say that applies to an eu member state as they can not enter into relations with other sovereign states . 
  an argument could be made that then eu is a sovereign state but that would n't be popular . 
  unfortunately in this case compromise seems to mean - the uk compromises on all points and the eu carries on as before . 
  even with all this ` insistence ' the uk has still got absolutely nothing but vague assurances and ` compromises ' that watered the proposals down to meaninglessness . 
  in a compromise both sides need to give a little and the eu does n't for fear of there being a next time . 
  heh the reason we ca n't stop it is because that would require stopping it for british nationals as well . 
  that would not be as popular . 
  would still save # 50 million + so probably worth doing . 
  this is what most of the polling organisations were pointing to for their utter failure to predict the conservative landslide last general election . 
  it was n't specifically for britain , it was for the non-eurozone countries to be able to group together to stop legislation they felt would be to the disadvantage of the non-eurozone countries . 
  if all the eurozone nations vote for something that only screws over non-eurozone countries because they are numerically superior it will go through . 
  edit : it 's still needed as it 's only so long before the thing [ the uk has been fighting against for years happens ; a bunch of countries with very little in the way of financial markets decide to regulate and tax eu financial marks ( they will lose almost nothing and gain significantly so why would n't they ? ) . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_financial_transaction_tax ), 
  yeah but our commonwealth family reunification laws leave us with a constant influx avoiding our normal immigration laws . 
  that is n't changing soon as our government are almost entirely from the class of people who gain from an endless supply of cheap non unionised labour . 
  40-60 year old employed folks . 
  they rarely answer the phone to pollsters and are unlikely to fill in online polls . 
  they are generally quite hard to get a bead on . 
  they are also one of the groups most likely to vote on things . 
  edit : occasionally do forecasting at work and they are a bugger to predict , too . 
  here 's hoping . 
  my own is much less effective . 
  you see for me this is one of the saddest things about the current population movements - northern europe had built societies they could genuinely be proud of - some of the best places to live in human history , first in so many categories . 
  but the catch is that these societies only function because of high buy in and trust from the populace . 
  when you import large numbers of folks who will see the openness , kindness and generosity of nordic culture as weakness and abuse it horribly the whole thing starts to collapse little by little . 
  call it melodramatic ( and it is ) but when those societies do change i feel our chances of a brighter future get a little less . 
  along with other unsavoury bits of news . 
  you 've got years of thanks to come , dude . 
  you do n't think all the fuss about the cartoons was a one off , do you ? 
  your nation is giving so much and it 's reward will not be just . 
  no , not really . 
  the uk is getting a bad rap for not wanting to be dragged down by the chaos our continental buddies are causing with their allergy to borders but we are doing plenty . 
  we just are n't letting thousands of people wander across half a safe continent in search of benefits \\* \\* aint nobody ending up in sweden or denmark because they are running away from conflict - you have to cross a percentage of the world 's rich safe first world democracies to get there . 
  part of why i 'm so interested to see how this ends is the main leave demographics are ( like in the polls leading up to the last uk election/scottish referendum ) the sort of people who are perpetually under-represented by polls . 
  uk polls are consistently awful at actually gauging things . 
  i think the remain camp will win out because folks are naturally risk averse but i think these endless posts about polls are a waste of time . 
  we have yet to find a way to stop them regulating financial markets they do n't have .
