  who 's denying shit ? 
  they had a vote and they will probably soon have another . 
  personally if they want to leave i want them to leave . 
  within the uk they get more spending per head of population than the english , welsh or northern irish , have better democratic representation and are free to leave if they so decide . 
  i do resent external interference in the same way this sub is full of folks getting rather angry at the thought of russian or american interference in internal eu matters . 
  same shit different flags . 
  that may have been true previously but does n't seem to be true [ these days ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-37167975 ) . 
  and that * is * including natural resources . 
  you fail to see how the fact scotland had more mps per head of population than other areas of the uk was an issue ? 
  until recently a scottish vote was literally worth more than an english or welsh vote and unlike you i do n't think scottish people are more important than folks from other regions of the uk . 
  we are in a true united kingdom because a scottish vote ( for example ) and an english vote are worth exactly the same . 
  i 'm sorry you find fairness unfair . 
   `` we 've installed cameras in every room of your home . 
  do n't worry though , we wo n't abuse that and anyone who does will definitely be punished '' . 
  wanky pointless hyperbole - nothing to respond to here ...  their supposed oversight does n't mean shit , citation needed . 
  actually the creation of an independent office for oversight is kind of a big deal . 
  it 's how things tend to be done in the real world . 
   they should n't have such broad powers to begin with . 
  agreed but the main powers were not created by the law the ` journalist ' was referencing . 
  it 's techdirt , do n't expect much . 
  the ` assault on whisleblowers ' was for those that expose state secrets get a longer than 2 year sentence . 
  such draconian , much 1984 . 
  actually it 's not normally about classified information , the most common issues with government information gathering over reach tend to be really mundane ( although no less an issue for that ) . 
  things involving classified information and secret courts make up such a small proportion of the incidences comparatively to be almost irrelevant . 
  we 'd notice if they increased because they 'd need to build a new court building to cope with it ( only one so far kitted out for secret hearings ) . 
  the opening of an independent non-politically filled office to oversee things is actually a massive step forward . 
  but hey you seem quite , quite ignorant about the actual issue so i wont waste more time . 
  now * that * is true . 
  the scottish , welsh , and northern irish all get significantly more money spent on them per citizen than the english do and it was only in the last few years scotland lost a significant over-representation in parliament ( more mps per head of population ) but ni still have theirs - so if it 's an abusive relationship those three are n't the abused party . 
  more money , greater self rule and greater democratic representation in parliament . 
  that sounds so terrible ... 
  express do the hate well but not the mouth froth and the mirror actively try to avoid including news in their pamphlet so i think they should be disqualified on the grounds they do n't even take part . 
  damn i was being dense . 
  in my defence i just had a three day weekend and started work early - everything seems difficult today . 
  never afraid to ask the [ big questions ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2010/nov/21/africans-wildlife-films ) and [ tackle the big issues ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/29/before-we-set-up-colonies-on-mars-we-need-to-discuss-renaming-its-moons ) . 
  nah nobody is beating the mail in a shitty media contest any time soon . 
  they really are world beaters . 
  and for a long time they deserved that respect ; their recent money troubles have moved them towards a clickbait model . 
  maybe they can move away from it but unfortunately their political readership base just does n't really seem to buy papers any more so i 'm not seeing it as likely . 
  funniest thing is the law thy are talking about was entirely a mixed bag extending powers but also adding significantly more oversight for most areas and including stiff punishments for over-reach . 
  i honestly could n't say if that law change was negative or positive , it will depend on the enforcement of the limitations it adds . 
  ~ ~ great lord above how did you get ~ ~  ~ ~ `` i hate british tabloids apart from when they agree with me '' ~ ~ ~ ~ from ~ ~  ~ ~ ahh thenational , do n't ever change . 
  nice to see badly written tabloid tripe from something other than the daily fail or guardian . ~ ~  ~ ~ good to see scotland are keeping up with those south of the border when it comes to having shitty , shitty media ~ ~ ~ ~ ? ~ ~ ~ ~ please show your workings because on the surface your comment seems pretty much unrelated . ~ ~ damn i was being dense . 
  i 'd like to see that ; the bbc for all it 's faults survives fact checking better than pretty much any other media outlet and i love it . 
  that 's without even touching on the sheer volume of excellent educational materiel they provide . 
  i think an eu equivalent could be as good ( if not better ) and that would be a thing of beauty . 
  i know after brexit and trump we are used to surprises but is le pen actually is with a shot ? 
  did n't exactly look likely to me . 
   i expect the anglophone media will start digging the dirt on macron and schulz any time now . 
  i do n't think you really understand the anglosphere media . 
   the lovebombs from verhofstadt and brok , came as a new report showed that the westminster tory brexit is preventing scotland 's shops , factories and hospitals from filling job vacancies . 
  ahh thenational , do n't ever change . 
  nice to see badly written tabloid tripe from something other than the daily fail or guardian . 
  good to see scotland are keeping up with those south of the border when it comes to having shitty , shitty media . 
  whichever israeli government was running at the time , i 'd guess . 
  you 'll notice a slight difference there to the folks who were voted into office in gaza and promptly declared there would be no further election . 
  let 's not pretend there 's some sort of equivalence there . 
  holy false equivalence , batman !, 
  and who would run the second state ? 
  hamas ? 
  but as that is n't even slightly at risk ... 
  common law is a lot more stable and predictable \\* which is it 's advantage ( more companies choose uk law for dispute resolution of international contracts than any other ) . 
  civil law does n't take a couple of hundred years to become functional and does n't require a long period without totalitarian rule to remain functional . 
  \\* * if * the country remains stable . 
  have to contradict ; reading the sentence annoyed me . 
  to be fair it 's a stereotype that 's had a strong basis in reality . 
  oddly i think it 's far less true today than it was 10 years ago . 
  lets remove the names so the casual racism around here does n't get in the way : situation : party a and party b wish to make an agreement but party c stops them . 
  question : who stopped the agreement from happening ? 
  [ your wish is granted ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/dec/09/donald-trump-ireland-sinn-fein-terrorism ) . 
  because it 's fucking great . 
  a little terrorism is n't going to change that . 
  apparently 9/11 hit their funding pretty hard ( terrorism was no longer cool in the states ) and it 's hard to fight an insurgency with little money . 
  so oddly we probably have al qaeda to thank for difficulty the ira have had getting the ball rolling again after the proxy bombings devastated their popular support . 
  tldr : the brits did n't sort the ira out , ira footshooting and us public opinion shifts had more to do with it . 
  well that 's probably fair - if the roi and the uk do n't want a hard border and one is imposed by a third party as a point of principle that third party is the one actually imposing it . 
  not rocket science . 
   i hope you realize how ridiculous this comment is . 
  theresa may was not `` vocally '' pro remain . 
  if anything , she was a tepid participant of a debate she did n't really want to be a part of . 
  she came out publicly and frequently with her position ; nobody was in any doubt where she stood . 
   and most mps being pro remain is just a paper majority . 
  most of them did not vote against the party whip to trigger a50 . 
  when you want to make sure you get concessions , you do from a position of negotiating strength ; and that 's when you can really impede the start of the exit process . 
  most mps have decided to respect the results of the advisory referendum ; mps are elected to represent us , not as our masters . 
  trying to overturn or ignore the referendum result would have been an absolute disaster and had it succeeded we 'd see a pretty monstrous ukip surge that would be bad for everybody . 
   ken clarke 's reference to edmund burke 's bristol speech actually illustrates it best : on an issue of this importance , every mp should first vote in accordance of their view of the best national interest . 
  and that 's exactly what these mps did not do . 
  depends if you think brexit going ahead under a much less stable regime a bit further into the future is in the national best interests . 
  i do n't think there 's much sympathy here for the ' i know it was a leave result but how about we just treat it as remain ' angle . 
  they are enormously represented ; the vast majority of mps in westminster were pro remain ( fuck it theresa may was vocally pro remain ) . 
   maybe that 's true for most british people , but not for the clique that 's running the country . 
  which particular individuals are you referring to ? 
  the cabinet is a bunch of remainers and boris johnson for comedy light relief . 
  i 'll have to start hoarding . 
  i wont live without it , i * wont * ! . 
  it 's a circlejerk sub most of the time but a fun one sometimes . 
  what 's there to respond to ? 
  it 's classic / r/europe hatewank material with no content . 
   ofc they 're going to blame the eu for everything not working in their island .
