  al qaeda commit a terror attack and it 's misleading to say that nearly twice as many british muslims blame jews as blame al qaeda ? 
  that 's literally what the numbers show . 
  the truth is misleading ? 
  bitch please . 
  nearly twice as like to blame jews than al qaeda . 
   when did the media ... ever wait when the attacker was muslim ? 
  bbc tend to . 
  that 's pretty scary ; [ british muslims are nearly twice as likely to blame jews and more than 10 times as likely to blame the us government than al qaeda for 9/11 ] ( https://policyexchange.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/pexj5037_muslim_communities_final.pdf ) . 
  if muslims appear in the news in a negative light step 1 is always to blame jews . 
  if the uk 's muslim community is well integrated everybody else is fucked . 
  jimmies status : rustled . 
  the fingerprinting bit i agree with - i do n't see what harm a national fingerprint database causes . 
  weird thing is i grew up in the middle east and see more of the full face coverings in the north of england than i used to in bahrain or qatar . 
   that 's not the view of the person who wrote article 50 that bit 's actually true . 
  not to understate it but that 's pretty amazing . 
   respect corbyn 's principled stance on military intervention , his belief in peaceful solutions , etc he genuinely believes , for example , that we should make diplomatic overtures to is and do nothing else . 
  only for corbyn does ignoring a genocide or weak hand wringing get redefined as principled . 
  just diane abbot ? 
  and yet still strong enough to keep sturgeon in check , it seems . 
  that 's not a complement to may , by the way . 
  [ but why though ? 
  that seems true until you actually look at it ; uk employment law massively exceeds the mandated minimums . 
  long story short ; do n't believe everything you read in the guardian and the indy . 
   mainly because of eu legislation ... uk employment law exceeds european requirements by a large amount if basically every area . 
  eu ca n't really take much credit for that . 
  nice to know the british do n't have a * complete * monopoly on bad ideas . 
   what possible acceptable form does that take ?? 
  that was exactly my point when i said `` perhaps undesirable ''  would have stopped zero of the past 3 attacks . . perhaps not but trimming down that 23k can only be a good thing . 
  it would certainly remove a threat and reduce pressure on the security forces . 
  i mean deporting non-citizen terror suspects is hardly the most crazy idea , is it ? 
   the prime minister said she was looking at how to make it easier to deport foreign terror suspects and how to increase controls on extremists where it is thought they present a threat but there is not enough evidence to prosecute them . 
  does n't sound terribly unrealistic to me . 
  perhaps undesirable ( i think this would mean giving up too much to be worth it ) but it may have some limited effect . 
   `` i mean making it easier for the authorities to deport foreign terror suspects to their own countries . '', 
  that one i do n't even disagree with . 
  and that one was one of 23,000 known jihadis in the uk but one of the 20,000 they did n't think was an * immediate * danger . 
  i do n't think you appreciate the scale of the problem . 
  there 's more than 20k in britain that have the same or greater threat level as that guy . 
  the issue is one of scale . 
  edit : it 's not a few bad apples , it 's tens of thousands of them . 
  caught 5 out of the last 8 major attacks in the uk so it 's not working terribly . 
  as that will always be at least partially outside of our control . 
  i think hungary , poland and japan have much more robust and reliable defences . 
  you can minimise the problem for future generations , though . 
  the edit makes me think it 's not parody . 
  `` people like me '' . 
  somebody who 's sick of the weekly ` this will be the thing that brings down trump ' news cycle ? 
  the reddit boy has cried wolf so often i just wish it would shut up about this one . 
  i have no horse in the us race but ` dae hate trump ' is getting nearly as old now as ` cucks will downvote this ' was before it . 
  i think this will blow over like all the other overhyped claims that were totally the one . 
  edit : seriously before you invent more motives check my comment history - if i 'm a secret american trump supporter i sure have an odd way of showing it . 
  that 's only because they 'd assume you stole it from their nazi hoard . 
  heh except in this case it just highlights how worthless the `` has known trump for decades '' qualifier is . 
  replace with obama , pence , podesta , or cruz if you prefer . 
  clinton seemed most relevant as the chances of them being secretly in collusion with both trump and russia seem the smallest to me . 
  clinton and most of the high levels involveds in us politics have `` known trump for decades '' . 
  that 's actually the norm . 
  may the merkelreich last ten thousand years !, 
  to be fair the joke is quite old . 
  think this was the original after 7/7 below - the one posted is a poor rewrite from 2013 . 
   as london is hit by the second wave of bombings in two weeks , the government has raised the terror warning level from ` miffed ' to ` peeved ' . 
  whilst many people commented with respect at the stoical attitude of londoners to the first wave of attacks , londoners are losing their traditional reserve and may soon require the terror level warning to be raised to ` irritated ' or even ` a bit cross ' . 
   a government spokesmen commented upon the seriousness of the situation . 
  `` london has not been a bit cross since the height of the blitz in 1940 when supplies of tea ran out for almost three weeks '' , said a representative of the security services . 
  `` it is as a mark of the seriousness with which londoners are taking the situation that we have recently been forced to recategorise suicide bombers from ` tiresome ' to ` a bloody nuisance ' , and the last time we had a ` bloody nuisance ' warning level was during the great fire of 1666 . ''  on the streets , londoners reacted with uncharacteristic anger to news of the latest attacks , with some members of the public reacting with harsh language to the news that they might be delayed on their homeward trips by up to twenty minutes . 
   `` it really is the absolute limit , '' said reginald boggis , 42 , of east ham . 
  `` these terrorists . 
  not content with blowing things up , they then have to spoil the day for everyone . 
  that 's just irritating , that is . 
  if they wanted to get things changed , they should write an angry letter to points of view . 
  that 's what my wife and i always do . ''  tony blair is expected to make political capital out of the situation as soon as his focus groups report on the mood of the nation . 
   in other news , britain reeled today at the news australia were all out for 190 runs in the first test . 
  `` good heavens ! '' , said cricket fan stan higginbottom . 
  `` we showed the aussies , what for , eh ? 
  what 's that ? 
  more terrorists ? 
  well , that 's bloody typical , is n't it ? '', 
   reminds me of a joke that british held up their spirits throughout the ww2 , the terror acts , but once the snow came they went into an all out panic . 
  is it a joke if it 's accurate ? 
  bet poland hungary are spared . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  edgy . 
  well this is a little different to the normal approach ( normally when muslims do something unpleasant the story is that jews framed them rather than far right supremacists ) but the result is the same . 
  that really does n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  the issue was folks more afraid of having their lives ruined by anti-racist witch hunting than they were of not doing their job . 
  politics the art of the possible . 
  but with hundreds of years of precedent to make absolutely sure it never gets solved . 
  the brussels-strasbourg thing just might . 
  true enough but i really want the french run off election system or the irish version of stv . 
  like * really * want . 
  aye as a person from a country that was involved in the armed repression of a part of it within my lifetime ( and i 'm only in my 30 's ) i think we should take the long view on these things and not judge too much . 
  it 's because we 're hidebound and inefficient with lots of legacy artefacts conflicting with the effective running of our country most of which are the result of the fact our government form developed pretty much organically instead of being planned . 
  ( the opposite of kidding ), 
  i have but i was the one doing the destroying and i picked up so much aggressive expansion malus the next hundred years were anything but boring :p, 
  bit surprised france is leaving it so late - normally they 've absorbed have the border territories at this point . 
  the big blue blob ruins games . 
  or the ones who 've played paradox games . 
  it 's a rather small budget , sadly . 
  it 's not really elected though , is it ? 
   just yesterday may declared that the eu was interfering with the general election , maybe that 's a much hostile comment than this is n't it ?
