  most of the terrorists on the continent were homegrown and using the refugee route as cover . 
  the difficulty comes from the great difficulty in telling a refugee from an infiltrator . 
  the uk is much more to blame for it 's issues as we imported them . 
  a currency without serious fiscal union is a political project not an economic one as we are seeing by the damage it 's doing internally . 
  nearly all the decision making was political and the end result is economically dubious ( and arguably doomed without serious reform ) . 
  but hey block caps and causal racism are a good answer too . 
  weird thing is it really does n't look like germany have things any more under control than we do and ethnic rape and grooming are now serious and ongoing problems here . 
  it 's already out of hand . 
  then it probably should have stayed out of the matter rather than spewing endless criticism on any nation trying to do something . 
  and if the views of the migration chief and commission head were n't the eu 's official position then they should have made that clear . 
  the eu stopped being a primarily economic organisation quite a while ago - the euro is proof of that if nothing else but i digress . 
  the eu 's migration head had this to say at the start of the crisis `` by building fences , by deploying barbed wire ... it is not a solution . '', 
  the commision 's quote was `` the commission does not promote the use of fences and encourages member states to use alternative measures ... we have only recently taken down walls in europe . 
  we should not be putting them up . '' france 's foreign minister called it `` scandalous '' and said the fence building proved hungary did `` not respect europe 's common values '' . 
  and germany ( well merkel , anyway ) was a constant wellspring of criticism for anybody who attempted to tackle the problem . 
  what all of the critics had in common was a lack of alternative beyond hand wringing and whining . 
   do n't you even dare bring the refugees problem into light because in the end the eu tried to help people , not reject them , no matter that they might have solved it a little bit differently but time was of the essence and they did their best to help people in need . 
  they ignored the problem until they could n't ignore it any more while shouting down the fence builders that eventually saved the day . 
  a number of eu nations actively fought against the solution . 
  or you were well enough informed not to read indie clickbait . 
  that 's basically what the article says . 
  err it was n't a pro- brexit protest it 's against the high court ruling on who can call brexit . 
  this is important because quite a few brexit supporters ( myself included ) strongly support the high court ruling ( a core principle of our constitution is the primacy of parliament ) . 
  also students do n't tend to support brexit . 
  this is important because most protests since the iraq war protest in the uk have been full of them . 
  but quite a few have been there - by that logic quite a few should dislike it . 
  edit : to visit the london is to dislike the london . 
  it 's practically zen . 
  common , though . 
  having been to both it 's way better ( and bigger ) than the manchester one . 
  both are kitsch fun , though , 
  for all his faults he may have a point here ( although not for the reasons he 's given ) in that perhaps a continued stream of insults from politicians across europe to the soon-to-be president of the usa is a pretty dumb position to hold . 
  it 's like they 've forgotten not just basic diplomacy but also manners . 
  at least may seems to have stopped now . 
   do n't embiggen yourself little britain , only you alone in europe give a fuck about empire . 
  the rest of us are ashamed of the colonial past ahh there we go - you do not disappoint my expectations . 
  so if it 's only a handful of people why has the matter rarely left the table for long since franco closed the border ? 
  seems coincidental that this handful of people keep ending up in positions like prime minister , deputy prime minister and foreign minister . 
  somebody must vote for them . 
  well for a country that do n't give a shit about gibraltar there sure has been a long and continuous history of pressure in that direction . 
  quite a few somebodies give quite a bit of a shit . 
   lousy businessman so lousy he 's incredibly successful . 
  no just the way our part and whip systems work . 
  you will not be put forward if you do n't fold to the party line these days . 
  nah if you get to the forefront of one of our political parties through the conventional route ( which she did ) you need to have sold out entirely . 
  any kind of integrity need not apply . 
  got me 15 to one odds when i bet on it . 
   breitbart news , whose anti-elite , anti-immigration agenda has made it popular with fringe groups and white supremacists , here 's your issue - all core media is pro elite and pro immigration . 
  there is no mainstream media source most places that 's anti elite because our elites run the media . 
  this is good for bitcoin . 
  or he was horse trading for his next job ? 
   nobody speaks about punishing the uk [ lolwut ? 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/25/uk-should-be-punished-if-it-leaves-european-union-to-deter-other-exits ), 
  he 's probably pretty good if you are the average syrian citizen ( the vast majority of which live in government held territory ) . 
  you 'd also have to control for which economic groups would be adversely impacted by each candidates political ideology . 
  it is * even more * unlikely than you make it sound . 
  no because trump supporters are stupid !, 
  nobody could possibly hold their nose and prefer him as an alternative to [ peaceful hillary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgcd1ghag5y ) . 
  true but it 's a good start . 
  that 's such a heap of bullshit . 
  the rich and powerful were almost universally attempting to force a remain vote through . 
  the areas that had the strongest leave vote were the areas that had experienced disproportionately large amounts of demographic change ( change that people had voted against again and again only to have the elected government laugh and not follow through as soon as they got to power ) and were predominantly poor . 
  the segment of uk society that has experienced serious wage compression ( the bottom 20 % income group ) made up a good slice of those who voted leave . 
  it seems to be a big mystery on this sub why those most negatively impacted by the eu voted to leave it en masse . 
  most memberstates do n't even come close to the guideline amount of military expenditure . 
  not much of a military alliance if most of the members do n't have a useful military . 
  that 's a few contributors and a lot of freeloaders . 
  we 'll have to wait and see - plenty of nato members want the protection without meeting the guidelines . 
  something to shake people into fulfilling their obligations would n't be entirely bad . 
  nestle gon na be pissed . 
  and why would an economist have a vested interest in this ? 
  bearing in mind what an economist is . 
  why would the economists have a vested interest in the euro failing ? 
  ai n't democracy inconvenient ? 
  on a more serious note trying to treat united kingdom eu politics as a continuation of british empire european politics ? 
  does n't stand up to even momentary scrutiny . 
  that show was a comedy . 
  * shuffles feet * worked tho . 
  i 'm almost certainly already on a watch list . 
  by the amount of extremist material i 've looked at in the last 5 years they would not be doing their jobs if they had n't at least taken an interest . 
  no they could n't do that because it would not commonly be stored . 
  now they have a record of some of your online actions before you became a suspect . 
  cool . 
  and nothing in the real world will change but it will still be described using all sorts of hyperbole . 
  as part of a police investigation your browsing history can be looked at . 
  `` chilling '' . 
  example iraq . 
  that 's not what he said at all . 
  serious answer to your shitpost ? 
  because only a very small percentage of the population would be impacted but the impact would be massive . 
  as the percentage in question is entirely determined geographically this is an area where democracy would not be the best route to a fair outcome ( tyranny of the majority , basically ) . 
  blessedly random members of the public wont be in charge of deciding policy regarding this . 
  i did misread . 
  and i 'm sure you are absolutely 100 % correct . 
  clearly you and merkel disagree on what she did . 
   [ `` we need to resolve problems differently than by shutting down borders . 
  we can not shut down borders . 
  we can not abandon each other , '' ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/52d51f80-12e8-11e6-91da-096d89bd2173 ) for example . 
   you can see it already with trump and brexit and le pen and so on . 
  you appear to be making the accusation you are speaking eloquently against .
