   personally , i ca n't see england accepting a deal that would work for us though :( as that deal would be `` stay in the eu '' i ca n't disagree . 
  both , i think . 
  oh absolutely - exchange rate changes and interest rates are rarely without major casualties across a county . 
  across half a continent ? 
  hue . 
  eh social work is a real area and in a few countries it 's in heavy demand . 
  just not finland . 
  this would not be you opting out of it - this would be them opting out of your organs . 
  kinda gets you a free pass , really ( or should ) . 
  for what reason ? 
  the uk has quite a history of terror threats so we are used to exceptional powers for our security services . 
  we do have a high disruption rate for terror attacks , though , so we have that going for us . 
  looks like the non-security applications of the ` snooper 's charter ' are a mixed bag ; expands powers but also creates a lot more oversight than there was . 
  why should somebody receive an organ donation if they are n't willing to donate ? 
  put what 's to stop them doing that anyway ? 
  if they have the power to push through that sort of legislation it really does n't matter what we put in place now . 
  for me it does n't quite go far enough - i 'd like to see folks who sign up to the register be rendered ineligible for organ transplants themselves . 
  do n't put in ? 
  well you do n't get out . 
  they would n't get sued but there was a lot of discussion in different publications about what terminology to use early in the migrant crisis . 
  good . 
  much as i think we are best out of it i 'd like to see the eu survive and prosper . 
  one of many reasons . 
  the level of ( internal and external to the eu ) migration here has been quite silly for a while . 
  they really would n't ( not in any numbers , anyway ) - i 've never seen any group complaining that the eu did n't override a national parliament . 
  it may have happened but it 's certainly incredibly uncommon . 
  not a great deal . 
  if meps could propose/draft laws ? 
  sure . 
  as it is ? 
  barely . 
  compared to housing people conventionally ? 
  not so much . 
  it 's inexpensive relative to the other options . 
  which is not inexpensive . 
  fair play . 
  it just seems to me the most sensible way to discharge our duties without sacrificing our own citizens . 
  they would ideally be free to leave at their border of entry so it 's hardly imprisoning people . 
   what about the extreme elements within the local population ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  measure does n't protect against thing it was n't intended to protect against so it 's useless ? 
  why bother with seatbelts if they do n't stop heart attacks ? 
  well it would do until somebody figures out a better solution that ticks all of those boxes . 
  i think we can do things a wee bit better than that these days . 
  seems the optimal solution : * not turning away refugees \u2611 * feeding and housing refugees \u2611 * protects the local population from extreme elements within refugees \u2611 * makes the refugee route less effective and thus less tempting for our enemies \u2611 * makes removal of refugees legal once the conflict is concluded \u2611 * relatively inexpensive \u2611, 
  it 's depressing that your editorialised title is a pretty accurate representation of events here . 
  `` i was trafficking people , how dare they charge me with people trafficking ! '', 
  i ca n't imagine leaving my other half in a warzone . 
  i ca n't help but be suspicious of a man who would . 
  if you would then i 'm glad i do n't know you . 
  uk has busted quite a few attacks lately . 
  mostly home grown as well so it 's only so long until the next one slips through the net . 
  balkans can not into europe :(, 
  meh with the age/gender balance of the various migrant waves most are more than willing to abandon those they love . 
  these areas are so dangerous only women and children seem to be able to survive there in numbers . 
  kinda . 
  just because you allow people into the country does n't mean you need to let them roam freely . 
  in holding centres they could be looked after and would n't represent the same danger to the public . 
  in what way has that changed our way of life ? 
  called them chocolate croissants when i was a kid . 
  guess it was that damned eu infiltrating us with their correct pronunciation of a national speciality dish . 
  oh agreed but you seemed to connect increased security powers with surrendering our way of life and that simply has n't happened here . 
  also people here complain about the far reaching powers our security services are granted but i 've rarely found anybody who thinks lower terror attack detection rates would be an acceptable price to pay for their removal . 
  surveillance has a great potential to be abused but so does a lack of surveillance . 
  pick your poison . 
  in the uk we got most of our original anti-terror investigatory powers when we were being attacked by the ira and affiliated groups . 
  our way of life did n't change . 
  will be interesting to see the end result of this one ( though i feel we may be waiting some years to see it ) . 
  when has any intangible god ever been sated ? 
  it 's like everything else - we get on really well these days when we 're not on the internet . 
  my eu4 instincts kicked in at that wording . 
  tried to hit pause to consider my options . 
  true but there 's a lot of young counties out there . 
  when you put an ` or ' in a sentence you should really give two options . 
  the birth pains of pax americana . 
  another twelve sacrifices on the altar . 
   democracy is not defined as the majority enforcing its will on the minority . 
  that 's exactly the function of democracy - it gives the centre a mandate to impose itself on the fringe . 
  that 's why it 's relatively stable normally but becomes dramatically less so when there is no representation for the centre . 
  mostly checking up claims on this sub about specific areas . 
  the claim was one thing , the reality another pretty much every time . 
  it 's only really environment we falter on . 
  pick an area and we 'll have a look if you want . 
  the example that 's been raised on this sub is that the eu protects maternity leave - look at what the eu mandates and what we provide and compare the two . 
  but if we currently significantly exceed them ( as we do in nearly every area ) we could do a lot less than we currently do and the eu would not intervene . 
  if the uk is normally doing far more than the eu mandates ( see : nearly everything ) then how is the eu regulation significant ? 
  got about half way through skim reading ( lightly skimming ) and the theme is that because areas were taken over by eu regulation previously , having control of them represents a threat . 
  seems an overstated concern as we currently exceed the eu mandated levels in most areas outside of environment . 
  anyway home time !, 
  interesting skim read , anyway . 
  such as ? 
  ( not asking for individual bits of legislation as expecting that would be cunty - i just mean what impacts you 've seen ), 
  in every race there is a winner . 
  ^ ^ even ^ ^ the ^ ^ one ^ ^ to ^ ^ the ^ ^ bottom . 
  must suck not having borders . 
  relatively limited , to be fair . 
  agreed . 
  one corrupt and thoroughly inept legislature is enough . 
  the jobs need to pay # 18,600 or above which is not much above minimum wage and as far as i know that 's required for the person already here rather than the persona arriving . 
  the family route is pretty easy judging by the numbers using it .
