  with the way digital communications work it 's the only efficient way of doing it . 
  regardless of where it started there 's a reason why pretty much everybody is doing it now ; it works . 
  it will be interesting to see both how justified these worries are and how history will see this period in 30 years time . 
  let 's continue - who wants to hire a racist skinhead anyway ? 
  there 's one group in the uk it 's socially acceptable to hate . 
  we can have a discussion about it after we have submitted to sharia and accepted the rule of islam thus leaving the house of war and joining the house of peace . 
  wanting your culture and people to survive is fascist . 
  the correlation appears to be population change if you are actually interested . 
  that 's basically our national dream come true . 
  the invisible hand will save us !, 
  it 's not your location - google ca n't find anything that matches the search so it 's just throwing up random crap . 
  like a dog that ca n't find the ball you threw but has returned with a stick . 
  tldr : despite the circle jerking here the telegraph etc are n't interested . 
  circle jerk aside they are n't crying . 
  overcutting - it 's worse !, 
  ahh the comic matches my experience . 
  that may be because my french is so bad * i * want to punch me for crimes against language , though . 
  shit i had n't thought of that - that 's * beautiful !, 
  a couple of years ago when they lost the appeal i do n't remember it getting more than a passing mention in any publication . 
  the telegraph et al know their markets and are first and foremost populists . 
  price fixing is not popular . 
  edit : tell me what you see : https://www.google.co.uk/?gfe_rd=cr&amp;ei=hq_qv9bcdof98wf3lzngag&amp;gws_rd=ssl#q=pilkington+glass+appeal+telegraph, 
  is the fine you get based on how far you are through the act ? 
  we love it . 
  it was n't just supposed to keep the tunnels clear , lets be honest about this . 
  the touquet agreement largely came about because france and belgium have no control of who enters their countries so allowing greater control of who leaves was the most cost effective answer anybody had that was n't going to bankrupt hauliers/eurostar with people trafficking fines . 
  people trafficking is bad , you know that right ? 
  i would expect a recession when the uk leaves the eu because the city of london represents a significant part of the uk 's gdp and i think full bank passporting may well be a pipe dream for the uk . 
  as you point out article 50 was never meant to be used so was n't really fleshed out - serious negotiations can not begin before article 50 is invoked and when it is we have 2 years to sort out everything and that everything has to be ratified by the rest of the eu . 
  the removal of full access to european stock markets on it 's own could cause a recession , as far as i know , as business leaves the country . 
  many investment sources have no real loyalty to the uk so merely removing the uncertainty may not be enough to make it a desirable economy to invest into . 
  the uk barely has the beginnings of a civil serves that can handle the negotiations and the eu is terrible at reaching agreements within 10 years let alone 2 . 
  ` racism ' is a highly contested term and was being used here in the same way it was used in the many ` racist attack on poles ' articles but i assume you knew that . 
  if your response to that sentence or those sort of articles is ` group xxx is n't a race ' you are probably a cunt . 
  protecting lorry drivers from attack by bands of illegals is nationalistic and xenophobic ? 
  oh you !, 
   or am i thinking apples and oranges here oh you . 
  france has an id card system and other enforcement that makes working illegally difficult there . 
  working illegally in the uk is much easier . 
  every attempt to fix this gets destroyed by progressives . 
  then what will happen is what was in place before the touquet agreement ; hauliers get repeatedly fined for people trafficking and lobby/strike/disrupt / riot until they get a fix . 
  as was before can be again . 
  end . 
  it 's a pretty useless weapons as it hurts everybody * and everybody knows this * . 
  works in australia . 
   it 's not enough that australians treat aboriginals and asians like shit , you also have to come to / r/europe to puke your racist bs ? 
  you dislike racism . 
  ok commendable but his comment was n't racist . 
   i guess that 's what happen when you throw degenerates on an island and they start to reproduce . 
  ahh casual racism , we meet again !, 
   uk ca n't go strolling into another european country and begin rounding people up . 
  ahh the good old days . 
  what also wont solve anything is immediately calling anybody racist who tries to stem the tide . 
  we do that a lot , too . 
  or the eucj rules against them . 
  if the sink is filling up you may wish to turn off the tap rather than redistributing water onto the floor . 
  the surreal moment when a government will discuss how to avoid collecting taxes . 
  2016 sure has been a wild ride . 
  and it was a good one - but as the guy above you was talking about ` better # i was just trying to add a bit of insight . 
  france hits above it 's quite considerable weight . 
  it 's an issue with how the eucj handles the power it 's built in the last twenty years but i daresay it will calm down . 
  ahh a little further up the river . 
  good walking around there . 
  mytholmroyd ? 
  ( i lived there until last year when my house was flooded out on dec 26th , it 's a mile from hebden bridge and has a silly name ), 
  loving the high energy flair . 
  you do n't need an island , you just need a site outside of the eu . 
  i daresay some real estate in libya could be arranged with the right palms greased . 
  france is willing to run through the asylum process but these guys know they wont qualify . 
  not much you folks can do while hamstrung by a certain court in brussels . 
  strasburg has been careful to keep it 's nose out ( as it normally does ) . 
  france 's army is also currently much more capable of power projection than the uk 's so those numbers are a bit misleading . 
  he actually listened to you ... 
  part of why i cheer brexit - just because i do not want the uk to be part of it does n't mean i do n't want the eu to succeed . 
  hungary did n't build the iron curtain a year ago ( although that could be a cool alternative history ) they put up a barrier to prevent migrant movement . 
  it was conceived as something for mutual benefit and some wealth redistribution does not contradict this as more developed economies benefit disproportionately from the free market . 
  i fully expect a recession . 
  we have n't left the eu yet . 
  it is n't but he 's making a good point about how most of central europe ( mostly germany ) reacted to the eastern european walls/fences with accusations of racism and xenophobia . 
  now times are changing and reactions to this are mostly positive . 
  yup it 's happened more than a dozen times in the last 30 years . 
  oh no , that 's killed by all methods . 
  for shot it 's a lot lower . 
  either way they live in constant fear . 
  kinda . 
  what i 'm feeling now is n't ` white guilt ' but i guess ` white cringe ' comes close to describing it . 
  can confirm , i live in the [ calder valley ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=calder+valley+in+the+pennines&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=691&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj0-8xh4proahwd0hokhsrgajkq_auibygc#tbm=isch&amp;q=calder+valley ) and it 's beautiful . 
  even if it does lack in good italian restaurants outside of one town . 
  and we 've seen what countries are like where people ca n't provide for their children but keep having them . 
  you should have answered :  sexhibition - our country hosts something that will be a surreal experience for any tourist that will also allow you to buy a souvenir smiling sperm t-shirt to confuse people for years afterwards . 
  just do n't visit just after a general strike or everything will be covered in graffiti saying `` greve geral '' . 
  bonus points went to the folks who had spray painted it on the police cars . 
  that was actually some next level graffiti . 
  still an awesome holiday ( planning to go again at some point ) . 
  it 's even worse - the government are having serious trouble convincing more police to sign up to carry guns as the police widely believe ( probably correctly ) that if they ever have to use them they will be dragged through inquiries/the courts whatever happened . 
  he was also average height . 
  the real threat is that it 's not just the ` ultra right ' - the views are starting to creep into the centre . 
  i think one of your other posts is correct - after a certain point if people do not think their government is supporting their interests they will take matters into their own hands . 
  if northern ireland proved nothing else it proved that . 
  the downvotes were n't exactly there for long .
