  not long term . 
  makes sense - more british muslims serve with is than the british army at the moment . 
  interesting talk but it runs contrary to the birth rates of minority communities in western europe including second and third generation migrants . 
  his theory is nice ( i hope he 's right about the 10 million as we may just survive that ) but the data we have shows although fertility rates are decreasing it 's still bordering on 5.0 after a few decades rather than 6.0 and it looks like it 's stabilised . 
  i 'm really happy my country kept it 's borders . 
  add family reunification , birth rate and the fact that ' ; s planned to be yearly and i 'm not so sure . 
  and that 's on top of the enormous illegal migration . 
  yeah but it 's better than having folks lie to you and tell you ` it 's nothing to do with islam ' . 
  as russia is there at the request of the recognised government of syria i 'm not sure why hollande feels he can make demands . 
  you missed the bit where they were nearly all military age men fleeing the country . 
  i have yet to be shown an example of a country integrating anything but a tiny muslim minority . 
  we have no idea how to solve this issue ( well we have a few ideas but fortunately we are n't barbaric enough to try those . 
  yet , anyway ) . 
  the anthology cracked me up . 
  about the right amount of books too if you go back far enough :d, 
  past due . 
  that actually made me laugh out loud . 
  to the best of my knowledge no country in the world with a large muslim minority has solved the issue of integration . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  interesting choice of photo for news of her death . 
  and over most of the world . 
  it 's called petro islam for a reason . 
  not really - if you push people 40 + times a day do n't get in a tizzy if somebody pushes you . 
  sort of - but you folks are giving turkey a free ride on it . 
  turkey did it 50 times some days last year and for a lot more than 17 seconds . 
  if everybody acted as turkey did the skies would be on fire . 
  it 's holding turkey to the same standards i 'd hold other nations and not just writing it off because it ' [ s a russian jet they shot down . 
  so if greece opened fire during the thousands of incursions turkey have made in the last few years into their airspace would you support it ? 
  because reacting to a country killing your service personnel while they were taking an action the country that did the shooting performs constantly is whining ? 
  seriously look up turkish incursions into greek airspace - 0 respect shown and the greeks did n't open fire once . 
  they tried to kill two people over a 17 second incursion across a stretch of land that 's been disputed since french syria was a thing . 
  edit : [ for those who do n't know what i 'm talking about turkey did this sort of airspace intrusion more than 50 times some days last year ] ( https://wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/05athens1505_a.html#efmaliaod ), 
  i 'd take this attitude if turkey violating greek airspace was n't quite so common . 
  if we all took the turkish attitude europe would be a warzone daily . 
  14 centuries and counting . 
  bull *** t. it 's been a pattern of behaviour that has n't changed since the 7th century . 
  if i was going to think of a reason it would be more to prevent xenophobic attacks . 
  non-reporting of race in descriptions for minority crime cases has become policy in some parts of europe already for that very reason so it 's not beyond the bounds of possibility , just unlikely . 
  they are n't saying that they are all europeans , they are only saying that those who were already identified are . 
  they also are n't ruling out entry through greece ( remember the passport ? 
  that 's why the british sikh and hindu communities are committing terrorist attacks constantly . 
  oh wait - your white-man 's - burden rhetoric is bullshit . 
  these communities are creating their own monsters . 
  they are n't saying that they are all europeans , they are only saying that those who were already identified are . 
  as they are quick to remind us , they are not answerable to the public . 
  is it unreasonable to vote to leave something that does n't serve your national interest ? 
  and to remove any doubt refusing to adapt to circumstances is against our national interests . 
  and as i replied to it on facebook  sadly the truth is a mixture of the two . 
  last year is told us they were entering europe as refugees - do folks assume they were joking ? 
  they are not known for their sense of humour . 
  ok what other reasons did they have to kill people in the name of islam other than islam . 
  genuinely interested . 
  no the attack is motivated by the religion , not an excuse . 
  both of those issues are tiny in comparison ( i 'm talking about comparative numbers ) rotherham alone the scale of the sexual abuse was like nothing seen in a first world country for a long time . 
  non-jokes are best jokes . 
  he was caught but how many have not been ? 
  we know the identity of very few is members in syria , for example . 
  the pro eu crowd looks like it has the advantage at the moment . 
  the moment anti-eu looks solidly ahead cameron jumps ship . 
  he made sure to keep his options open from day one when he said his support was contingent on successful renegotiation . 
  no but over here 's it 's only dog houses and garden sheds that tend to be obviously made of wood . 
  think it rains too much here for it to be a thing . 
  think the syrian war ending would end the migrant influx ? 
  ca n't imagine it 's going to stop until the journey stops being worth it . 
  the status quo always has the advantage . 
  continued bad handling of the refugee crisis could win it for ` out ' though . 
  he 's leaving his options open for a camp switch closer to the time if it looks like ` out ' will win . 
  cameron is firmly committed to whichever side will win . 
  for anybody taking this seriously please do n't - eu blaming is quite specific . 
  thanks !, 
  my day is actually richer for having read that , 
  pretty sure you lose your refugee status when you start fleeing safe countries that do n't have a generous enough welfare state for you . 
  that 's an economic migrant , dude , not a refugee . 
  and yet almost none of them are . 
  well no but you folks on the continent seem to hate having borders so the difference is negligible . 
  you see that 's the funny thing about democracy - the public have chosen the current path as far as i can tell . 
  when was the last time they voted for anybody preaching border control ? 
  take away ? 
  the british empire was the only empire in recorded history to dismantle itself . 
  you have my attention . 
  continue ... 
  funding wise the uk has committed more resources to the refugee crisis than most of europe we just channelled it into camps in neighbouring countries and a minor resettlement program . 
  the uk has n't , on the other hand , offered to help deal with the result of continental europe 's border allergy . 
  rightly so , too . 
  the current crisis would be rather different if everybody had done a little fence building at the start . 
  illegal entry should permanently disqualify you from residency . 
  we 'll see - nobody has yet made any attempt to stop the influx and until they do it will not stop . 
  it would leave a serious funding shortage though - the uk is one of the larger net contributors . 
  not the end of the world but certainly a factor . 
  if that 's what it requires then give up now . 
  but a currency shared with much richer regions strongly exacerbates the issue . 
  in the eurozone example german manufacturing strongly benefits from the weakened currency gives them . 
  greek agriculture ? 
  not so much . 
  and the czech republic now has some of the world 's best food and beer ... 
  i doubt this would work out so well for great britain . 
  actually there are arguments for it - interest and business rates have a serious impact and can enrich some regions while turning others into a wasteland . 
  a better alternative in the uk , though , would be to have a separate currency for the greater london area . 
  i know you were n't making a serious suggestion but there is some wisdom behind your words !, 
   edit : also this sub is kinda crappy lately for the downvote to disagree factors so have an upvote !,
