  when did the public vote on juncker ? 
   i 'm sorry , but i do n't see this happening in my country . 
  i may not agree with the politician in power , but i do n't see them being where they are thanks to being in some effective aristocracy . 
  then i guess you 've missed who ends up in the commission - it 's almost a cartoon representation of ` the establishment ' . 
  the elite group i was talking about were the commission who are not elected . 
  that we just condense the two discussions we 've got going into one ? 
  continue on the other one ? 
   political favors are a reality and i see nothing bad in it . 
  but when political favour trading is how you get into office it starts to become a problem . 
  remember that there 's no public election here - the only hurdle you have to jump is the political favour trading part ( not both like the cabinet example ) . 
  i think we 'll have to agree to disagree on that being a problem ; i find that effective aristocracy to be a big step in the wrong direction . 
  the issue with the commission is that you get there through political favour trading among a political class . 
  as the elected house is just there to rubber stamp the decisions of this elite group the eu then becomes the illusion of democracy and little more ( we have a similar situation in the uk with the party whip tradition that neatly undermines an otherwise solid political system ) . 
  mps are elected by the public ? 
  mp propose legislation in this country rather than a clique of appointed individuals who got where they are * entirely * through back room favour trading . 
  i could n't find lancashire in northern england on that map of hell . 
  has it been forgotten in some sort of oversight or did i just miss it ? 
   the commission has no direct accountability to the electorate . 
     could you please compare it with your own country before making such unintelligent statements ? 
  maybe you are a little slow , chap , but the commission has no direct accountability to the electorate . 
  they are not elected by the people and can not be removed by the people . 
  as the commission also happens to be one of the more powerful structures within the eu that 's not exactly ideal , is it ? 
  britain 's system is also fairly democratically weak but at least elected members of parliament can propose legislation . 
  he 's kinda right in that as the parliament can not propose legislation they are of much more limited use and power than they could be . 
  it would only take that small change to turn the eu from something functionally undemocratic ( it really is right now as the elected house is just there to use or withhold a rubber stamp ) into something truly remarkable . 
  ca n't see juncker and friends giving up on power so easily , though . 
  if you read up you 'll find plenty of it here . 
  they grow up so fast !, 
   also , there were general suspicions of peace and ecology movements like greenpeace being `` useful idiots '' for the soviet union , through shadowy financing and even counter-intelligence . 
  and a lot of that turned out to be true . 
  the soviet union may have been unable to keep up with domestic demand long term but it was rather good at using the trappings of a free society against said society . 
  makes you feel better about things , does n't it ? 
  same thing happened after the london free stuff riots and it was great then . 
   demonizing `` the other '' as someone who 's gon na have sex with your women seems to be a long-standing and effective trend , up to and including an unusual level of concern over immigrant sex crimes today ... 
  i 'm also amused that both the above german anti-american and this american anti-german poster are criticizing the other for cultural influence . 
  it 's been a staple of wartime activity for the entirety of recorded history . 
  for world war 2 japanese went a bit rape crazy in china ( and everywhere else they took , even if they institutionalised it as comfort women to help on the pr front ) , germans did in russia , russians sure as shit did in germany , british and american forces did it across france , italy , and germany , british did it in burma . 
  germany did it in pretty much every state they took whether by military or political force ( in fact this behaviour represented one of the real challenges faced when attempting to build the ` clean wehrmacht ' myth post war when trying to rebuild the german military into a speedbump to use on the soviets ) . 
  and that 's just off the top of my head . 
  basically what i 'm saying is there 's a very good reason everybody uses it as a fear to motivate because it 's both what happens in mass human conflict pretty consistently and something that gets to us right down at a primal level . 
  finally modern immigrant sex crimes were n't really a big thing in the public consciousness until immigrants started committing mass sex crimes . 
  sad, 
   namely one which voted in favor of your ` mighty non-existent ' wall . 
  amusingly illegal immigration has dropped massively since trump became president . 
  pretty funny for me that even the idea of a wall seems to be moderately effective . 
  why would they leave when they can just vote it down ? 
  anything that requires treaty change ( and this would to prevent ) requires a unanimous vote afaik so stopping it from happening would be rather easy . 
  especially a country that 's seen countless tons of foreign donated/traded materials recycled as rockets which were then launched at them . 
  i know the saying is ` once bitten , twice shy ' but what 's the saying when you were bitten thousands of times ? 
  top notch . 
  but the presence of nukes meant no nuclear war or conventional war as both sides knew a conventional war would almost certainly go nuclear . 
  it 's not coincidence that major powers pretty much stopped invading each other following nuclear proliferation . 
  without nuclear weapons the warsaw pact and nato would have engaged in a conventional conflict on a scale previously unseen in human history . 
  what stopped a conventional attack by either side ? 
  first strike willingness is basically the reason the cold war never went hot ; the firm knowledge that the other side would counter conventional assault with nuclear retaliation if it ever got anywhere . 
  i 'm sure you understand that and i 'm sure corbyn understands that so his endless dancing around it ? 
  why ? 
  it should n't be difficult to give simple answers but he refuses every damned time . 
  it 's not the kind of issue where you need to intentionally misunderstand questions and give non-sequitur answers surely ? 
  yeah i think this misrepresents things rather badly . 
  it should n't be that hard to say ` if i was leader and my country was attacked i would order the armed forces to fight back ' - something nice and easy and unambiguous . 
  in fact for pretty much any other leader nobody would bother to ask because it would be a given and the question would be a waste of time but corbyn ducks and weaves and refuses to answer . 
  to this day he still always tries to avoid answering those questions ( and it should be * really * easy ) . 
  it has an absolutely awesome status with a dude carrying a big book under one arm and a sub machine gun in the other hand and i have no idea what it was about . 
  have failed to locate information on it since i went there a couple of years ago . 
  my argument would be because of the false positive rate . 
  like most possible death sentences a custodial sentence with a work element is superior . 
  reasonably well because they were both proud of what they were doing and working for an organisation with an enormous online presence . 
  maybe you are fine out [ others are not so lucky ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21672947 ) . 
  would you want to in the 10 % of circumcised men whose partners suffer '' incomplete sexual needs fulfilment '' from them as a result of the operation ? 
  be happy you were n't one of the unlucky ones . 
  with older converts yes but with children no . 
  when your primitive beliefs demand it , they demand it . 
  despite the name waterboarding does n't actually use a lot of water . 
  you can do it anywhere with easy access to a tap . 
  which is odd because the uk have been doing things for a while with some success . 
  we just never made it official . 
  the lease is for a miniscule fee but includes access to and use of facilities and a permanent office . 
  it 's less about money and more about having a conveniently located naval base/refuelling/resupply centre . 
  i think you are ( perhaps intentionally ) ignoring the presence of the large us navy base on the island . 
  it 's british on paper , nothing more , and ignoring a non-binding resolution about a holding you do n't actually hold in reality is hardly clinging to `` the remnants of the empire by their bare teeth '' is it ? 
  no but they probably have nothing better to do . 
  think this one goes both ways as the last time i remember reading about this guy it 's because some stuff about how fond his captors had become of him came out of a raid that found one of his fellow abductees . 
  guess he 's extremely likeable . 
  if you check reuters or others the numbers are n't even nearly this significant ( even less so last year ) also but things genuinely are better in syria than they were a year ago . 
  there 's a lot less war in syria ( which is great ) but it 's not * no * war . . 
  as a side topic one of the issues with current human rights laws is that they are treated as almost a religious text - in any other area of law the legislature would attempt to close loopholes and correct bad or misused wordings but in human rights law this can not happen . 
  the original writers did a very good job but it was far from perfect and long term if we want to keep them we will probably need to update them for changing realities . 
  thanks man . 
  was pretty curious about this one as i 've only ever seen finns at room temp . 
  why are they all so close together ? 
  good man . 
  ` unfortunately ' ? 
  does n't sound unfortunate to me . 
  ... or this place went on a 6 month hate-wank after the brexit vote . 
  that could be it , right ? 
  that 's a trick question , right ? 
  when an article was posted on this sub about that happening in the uk it was buried under accusations of british xenophobia . 
  oh how times change , eh ? 
  the fuck ?
