  except neville chamberlain arguably made the right decision at the time as the british armed forces were n't ready for direct conflict and the time he purchased for us to modernise them was invaluable . 
  this is far , far worse . 
  amen !, 
  if it 's proposed i hope it is n't blocked . 
  true and i hope a way is found around the issue because at the moment britain , germany etc are just sponging up half the continents attempts at internal investment . 
  personally i would very much like the eu to succeed as a project so hope whatever attempt is made to counterbalance that movement of money is n't blocked . 
  does n't really work in a shared european market where you can not effectively target tendered contracts . 
  as you can not , for example , mandate use of local suppliers when tendering contracts most of the money you put in immediately leaves the country if you own industries are struggling to compete . 
  you would normally be absolutely correct but an eu nation attempting to spend to stimulate growth is trying to stimulate * the entire single market * and nobody has the cash for that . 
  do n't be silly . 
  tldr : integrate pls . 
  me and the other half were talking about this last night - we tend to dominate in the ` middle class hobbies ' category of events . 
  2009 and 2014 . 
  i 'd still recommend a visit just on the strength of the german history museum , if nothing else , as you can burn an entire day on non-ww2 stuff which is a rarity . 
  absolute gem . 
  the second time we went around the christmas market period so that might account for the veritable army of beggars . 
  went there once loved it ( clean and full of awesome stuff ) , came back years later and found it dirty and full of beggers . 
  times change . 
  and i 'd * still * have happily traded cameron for her . 
  seriously if germany is done with merkel we 'll take her . 
  depends if you ask a small sample of eu funded europhiles , 
  and disaprove of anybody eurosceptic  may has * so far * done a superb job as british prime minister after dropping into a very difficult situation . 
   30.2 % poor heh heh heh - she did n't unilaterally decide to cancel brexit so she 's obviously doing a bad job . 
  i 'm especially amused by tusk being listed as doing a worse job than junker . 
  yeah no . 
  but they have n't , actually , have they ? 
  do concentration camps offer you cash payments to return home ? 
  a concentration camp you can leave at any time is an odd concept . 
  i doubt many people traffickers would be running boats out of a holding camp . 
  being willing to hire a boat and being able are two entirely different things . 
  the daily mail completely misrepresented this decent upstanding man !, 
  he is only ok with owning and having sex with slaves , not sex slaves !, 
  what could possibly be objected to about that ? 
  so if the uk and roi wish to continue it and are stopped by a third party ... 
  it 's nothing to do with the third party ? 
  edit : [ the roi and the uk wish to retain the zone - any block will be external . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-nireland-idukkcn1050j9 ), 
  it was a * little * good . 
  because people normally make decisions based on immediate concerns rather than long term consequences . 
  you will often buy the cheaper product rather than the local product and it will not even cross your mind what impact this behaviour will have mid term on your local economy . 
  basically folks do n't know exactly what they are buying , 
  you repeatedly ignore the fact that the uk and roi governments are in favour of a continuation of current freedoms so any stoppage will have to be imposed externally . 
  you understand this ? 
  out of interest which eu nation do you think would block it 's continuation ? 
  uk and roi are n't going to vote it down . 
   if we 're cute enough about it i actually think ireland could enjoy the best of both worlds re : special agreement with britain / no border / only english language eu nation . 
  i hope so - as far as i can tell it would actually be a win/win for everybody ( but especially the irish ) . 
  presumably it would be the fault of whichever eu member blocked the british and irish keeping the current zone . 
  because it sure as all hell wont be the irish or british blocking it ( both governments have been pretty clear on the matter ) . 
  agree strongly but my comment was as the irish and british governments are both in favour of the current position and much of it predates the eu ( and certainly irish membership ) if such an accommodation is blocked by other eu member states it would be hard to blame the uk for that . 
  but who would block it ? 
  if the eu did impose a border against both nation 's wishes the result would be an utter shit show and i have n't seen the eu 's governing bodies do anything even close to that stupid . 
  our hyperbolic friend seems to be of the attitude that if a tree falls in the forest and there 's nobody there to hear it the british are at fault . 
  so if the republic of ireland and the kingdom of great britain and northern ireland both do not want a border and one gets imposed by the european union ... 
  it 's the fault of the british ? 
  oh to live so free of doubt or thought !, 
  here 's hoping . 
  if the northern irish wish to leave the union they can . 
  the scottish referendum proved that quite conclusively . 
  do you actually think like that ? 
  in some areas of the uk that would be quite tricky as the theists would make up the majority of the class . 
  britain do n't want a border introduced , ireland do n't want a border introduced . 
  eu attempts to force it would be a pr disaster on a scale rarely seen . 
  who would be that stupid ? 
  not impossible here , just unpopular . 
  the story as the telegraph reports it is misleading . 
  good guess . 
  story has a core of truth , though . 
  at the moment that date seems to rest almost entirely on the birth/emigration rates of different groups if the last polls i saw were to be believed - which may or may not be true ( no idea as did n't bother to fact check ) . 
  be interested to see if the republic of ireland were willing to take on the immense cost of policing it , though . 
  yes easily . 
  they would n't need to use military force , merely give the british 5 minutes to think about what a stupid idea attacking would be . 
  the defence is foolproof . 
  not in relation to ireland , tended to be towards schengen/eastern europe . 
  with your flair i assume you know the agreements related to this predate the eu and are n't really anything to do with it ? 
  i 've seriously never seen leavers even raise the idea - it has been solely the talking point of remain . 
  when i lived in saudi i did n't suddenly change my moral outlook to fit the local culture - why would anybody expect pakistanis living in britain behave differently ? 
  we have our moral outlook because we believe it 's right ( if we did n't think it was right we would n't have it ! ), 
  so are loath to abandon it . 
   ahmed 's close links to mumtaz qadri have shone a light on support for the pakistani killer in britain . 
  few are willing to openly praise ahmed and the killing in glasgow - but after mumtaz qadri was executed in february a number of british mosques held ceremonies in honour of qadri - and some imams praised him as a `` martyr '' and a `` warrior '' . 
  there 's a lesson to be learned here . 
  til some of the folks i know on facebook are straw man and woman homogenous leftists . 
  to be fair short of the straw part it might actually be right - damn fun group but have never visited or encountered the things they talk about . 
  you think the german guilt complex ( seriously you guys have taken self flagellation to an art form ) wont prevent a sensible response ? 
  the uk looks set to fail that 20k target , too . 
  we do , on the other hand , pump very large amounts of money into conflict area refugee camps so are n't exactly doing nothing to help , just not really willing to sacrifice ourselves to do it . 
   and we should respect their wishes why ? 
  a lot of refugees actually wanted to get to the uk from calais . 
  should france just shrug its shoulders and send them on their way too ? 
  is this what europe has come to ? 
  a `` fuck your neighbour '' policy ? 
  in some ways that 's what the calais camps represent . 
  they are a problem trying to leave france so there 's no sense of urgency behind the french response to them . 
  it 's how the world works . 
  the euro would have been a fantastic idea if they had limited it to fairly comparable economies . 
  in a way it 's had a long term result * because * everybody ignored it . 
  only heard remainers talking about creating a border with ireland . 
  a trend that you have n't broken . 
  people identifying themselves as ` british ' is pretty similar to people regarding themselves as ` american ' .
