  edit : [ because you do n't understand what all this means here 's a diagram - you understand when given pictures ? 
  ] ( https://theinklingdotcom.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/political-compass-figure-1.jpg ), 
  also happens to be true for most of us . 
  seriously dude - our government is bought and sold . 
  i always love the term ` populist ' for it 's assumption that doing what the electorate want in a democracy is bad . 
  in the past migration watch uk have been far more accurate in their predictions than our msm . 
  if i have to pick who to trust on this is n't not going to be the indie . 
  ireland will be fine - around $ 45bn of cross border trade and very friendly relations outside of some shitty areas mean both sides will opt to make an arrangement . 
  borders are n't going to happen - british do n't want it and irish do n't want it . 
  or at all in this case . 
  banks will always choose stability over uncertainty . 
  they also do not have your best interests at heart . 
  europe will also be plenty significant without the uk . 
  edit : i love all the hyperbole from both sides - leave or remain will both leave the eu and uk just fine . 
  with the best will in the world then us is hardly a second rate power . 
  he 's kinda right . 
  just that we have n't found an effective way of telling a refugee from a warrior of islam pretending to be a refugee . 
  guess spain really needs the jobs . 
   there would be a question of scale -- the crisis is growing and a pacific solution becomes more-expensive the larger the numbers involved . 
  the magic question is if success was highly unlikely would there still be a torrent of people coming ? 
  but at least it will finally be free of guilt and self loathing , right ? 
  think of the eu countries as the second generation of citizens that grew up under communism in russia - they have been getting used to a world where initiative and decision making are n't things they need to worry about any more . 
  we are all products of our environment . 
  note that ireland opted to take them . 
  the uk is also accepting refugees . 
  we 're just accepting ones that have n't invaded europe . 
  same deal then - our politicians need to be fairly inoffensive to survive long and the racist wing \\* politicians rarely have that quality . 
  \\* i actually see nothing wrong with nationalism - it 's one of the glues that holds our societies together - but the bnp were n't so much nationalist as racist . 
  then we can put it off for the ongoing terror crisis that will follow . 
  in this case they are n't getting a bigger bucket . 
  they are demanding to empty the bucket occasionally in the front rooms of their neighbours . 
  we 've lost over 600,000 people . 
  getting this under control is going to be the work of a generation if it 's even possible . 
  in the uk the bnp ( british nationalist party ) were more or less killed off by giving them a place in the debates . 
  give them rope and they hang themselves . 
  is : we are going to send out fighters into europe posing as refugees !, 
  europe : it 's a bluff !, 
  do n't listen to them !, 
  and you learned it so well . 
  proud of you , son . 
   i have a degree in economics and philosophy , i do n't go jumping on people who make layperson mistakes in either or those subjects but you probably are n't a dickhead . 
  things work differently for his kind . 
  which is about as noble as the alternative where nations with tiny financial sectors happily opt for greater regulation and taxation that does n't negatively impact them . 
  the turkey wo n't vote for christmas , the farmer will . 
  it 's a question in the context of an article . 
  but you are n't wrong about the rest . 
  does anybody think they have it under control ? 
  it 's specifically talking about migration which is currently pretty out of control . 
  i have faith you folks will reassert control at some point but it is n't there right now . 
  this is pretty awesome you may have found the first time i 've seen this rule broken !, 
  i 'd completely forgotten about it , 
   if you are voting out because you support doing more for refugees you are literally the first person to ever declare doing so . 
  ( different guy ) perhaps not but the current eu policy * does * encourage both migrants and people smugglers . 
  the upcoming unlimited admittance and quota plan will do so even more strongly . 
  leave or remain the eu handing of the migrant influx has been absolutely terrible . 
   you ca n't refute the argument , so just concede it instead of engaging in these little tantrums . 
  your links do n't show what you claim . 
  saying otherwise is not ` throwing a tantrum ' . 
  your claim was :  `` europe remains the most profitable , goes to north america  peaceful , also goes to north america  judicially accountable , politically transparent sadly these also go to north america  region on earth with the highest standard of living and trading . '', 
  once again na takes it . 
  much as i 'd like to chant ` go eu ! ', 
  i 'm also not ok with making shit up . 
  greece , portugal , spain and perhaps italy are all still not in a great place as economies . 
  us and canada ? 
  doing just fine with no rampant youth unemployment . 
  that was some quick back-pedalling !, 
  again i 'll repeat - if you honestly expect people not to address ukip and their supporters ulterior and bigoted motives for sponsoring the out campaign you 're going to be repeatedly very surprised . 
  he said that it does n't matter if ukip are nationalist that does n't make every ` out ' proponent a rabid nationalist which seemed to me really quite hard to argue with ( as it 's quite evidently true - those interested in leaving the eu are a quite wide and varied group ) but yet you either did n't understand or chose not to understand ( not sure which is worse ) this and argued off against something else . 
  he did make clear he was n't a ukip supporter . 
  also it 's pretty hard to classify ukip as ultranationalist - that 's really heavily watering down the word . 
  it 's like calling warm water ultrahot . 
   i 'm done addressing your ludicrously self-delusion pleas to hear that the city is anything but pro-eu . 
  move on . 
  `` the city '' it not a gestalt entity , it 's the financial sector in london and it does n't speak with a united voice as you seem to imagine . 
  some businesses within favour one side , some the other . 
  on the balance of things i believe more favour remain than leave but businesses tend to hate uncertainty . 
  drama queens like you do n't help this debate - the uk will be fine in or out of the eu and will prosper either way . 
  the difference between the two will not be huge and it 's more a case of where your priorities sit . 
  both sides keep trying to pretend this will be ground shaking but just like entry it really wont be . 
  the echr has no direct enforcement methods beyond condemnation . 
  we abide by it 's decisions because we have agreed to . 
  we are n't forced . 
  no it is n't , that 's just not true - i think you are mistaking the council of europe for the eu . 
  coe contains quite a few more members than the eu . 
  of course large investment banks would prefer stability over change . 
  that 's pretty straight forward . 
  the various big businesses coming out for the remain campaign are mostly either invested in stability or profit from wage compression - the eu is in their interests . 
  does n't mean it 's in mine , though . 
  and the echr is not an eu institution - if we left the eu it would not change our position regarding the echr . 
   it is racist to act as though it is only immigrant men who ( commit sexual assault ) . 
  yeah and i do n't think the above ever happened . 
  she talks about nuance while setting up horrible , horrible implied strawmen . 
  strangely hypnotic ... 
  uk has neither a written constitution nor a constitutional court ( although with our rule of precedent it could be viewed that all courts are constitutional ) and we get by just fine . 
  no they call them ` irresponsible ' for saying such things . 
  their press releases have a really distinctive ` evil father-knows-best ' vibe . 
  the majority will act as their culture dictates ( see above ) and only a small group will be willing to abandon the culture and values they were raised with in favour of a different one . 
  if you moved to saudi would you start to think of women as chattel ? 
  he 's telling a joke about the absence of russian satire . 
  he 's answering your question .
