  financially perhaps not but politically ? 
  much less clear cut . 
  european politicians have been lining up to tell the uk this negotiation needs to be started and ended as soon as possible . 
  only takes one country to disagree to stop the extension . 
  edit : remember article 50 was never designed to be functional or usable - it 's intentionally not fit for purpose , according to those who drafted it . 
  probably not - that would be quite beyond the capabilities of the eu to negotiate in 2 years . 
  like most things . 
  whatever both sides plan there wont be anything of consequence negotiated because you need to get 28 nations to agree to it . 
  fair play - i knew a couple of damned vile people when i was younger , one of whom is now in prison and will be for some years . 
  after getting to know guys like that most of the ` bullies are weak ' rhetoric stinks of bullshit to me - some may be but others are pure evil . 
  same one but still just as disgusting as it was a couple of days ago . 
   sure , as far we know the 20 person gaggle of mindless drones has engaged in this kind of behaviour only once . 
  doubt it - gang violence does n't tend to hit the news and this would n't have had the victim not been polish . 
  a ` gaggle of mindless drones ' would n't really display the viciousness and malice shown here - remember they basically hunted a guy , it 's fucking horrible . 
   please do tell how many times does a person need to behave in a cowardly or spineless way to be called a coward or spineless then ? 
  is it spineless or cowardly ? 
  morally repulsive , sure , the rest ? 
  does n't really work . 
  cowardly or spineless people would n't put themselves outside of the law just for the joy of hurting somebody . 
  these sort of vermin are dangerous . 
   what 's to solve here exactly ? 
  20 teens assaulted a man while in some mob mentality induced rage . 
  if there were only 2 of them i bet they would have thought twice about it . 
  if it were just 1 vs 1 it would most likely never happen . 
  these kind of people are simpletons who only do something when they 're a majority . 
  they 're bullies and bullies are always pussies when they do n't have a buddy by their side . 
  see this is where the fantasy novel shit comes it - you mistake the intention for some sort of fight when the aim was to terrify and hurt . 
   these kind of people are simpletons who only do something when they 're a majority . 
  again it 's not about some sort of glorious hand to hand combat with bravery and honour , it 's about hurting somebody and taking joy in their pain . 
  do n't mistake sadism for simplicity . 
   they 're bullies and bullies are always pussies when they do n't have a buddy by their side . 
  again that 's not how the world works - the ` bullies are all weak cowards ' is something people tell themselves to make themselves feel better . 
  some people are just wired differently and that sadism is infectious . 
   i love it how you keep assuming like i have n't experienced violence in my life . 
  i just think you have n't encountered genuinely evil people , the real depths of humanity . 
  combine that with painting anybody with any anti-immigration or even anti-eu view as a uneducated racist and you 've got a recipe for disaster . 
  several things in play over this but one is a very sad modern retelling of the classic ` the boy who cried wolf ' . 
  edit : when half the population are branded as bigots , bigots unsurprisingly feel they have more support than they do and feel emboldened . 
   quite a lot of his policies ( e.g. 
  renationalising rail ) are actually quite popular with the public . 
  and then he says something about the falklands to start a furious bout of a foot shooting before going on to appoint a public continuity ira supporter to sort his digital policy . 
   openly gay candidates push back in russia 's duma elections heh heh heh . 
  you have to respect a news portal that will include a gay joke in the title of an article on the fight against gay oppression . 
   ganging up on someone 20 vs 1 just shows that they ca n't do shit solo it really does n't . 
  it just shows that they did n't in one instance . 
  these sort of issues would be much easier to solve if you were right . 
  it 's street violence , not a fantasy novel . 
  i 've made that point before , myself . 
  that 's how it works in the real world . 
  was n't even original !, 
   `` this is one of the oldest and most effective tricks in politics . 
  every hack in the business has used it in times of trouble , and it has even been elevated to the level of political mythology in a story about one of lyndon johnson 's early campaigns in texas . 
   the race was close and johnson was getting worried . 
  finally he told his campaign manager to start a massive rumour campaign about his opponent 's life-long habit of enjoying carnal knowledge of his barnyard sows . 
   christ , we ca n't get away with calling him a pig-f **** r , '' the campaign manager protested . 
  `` nobody 's going to believe a thing like that . ''  `` i know , '' johnson replied . 
  `` but let 's make the sonofab **** h deny it . ''  - fear and loathing on the campaign trail '72, 
  really is . 
  not sarcastic . 
  full airstrikes in support of almost randomly selected rebel groups ? 
  was n't the mail , was ashcroft through a few media avenues - cameron did n't give him the cabinet position he believed he had purchased with donations so he turned on cameron . 
  he also does n't actually claim it happened - it was a story of a story from a dead man of a rumour the dead man had heard from an anonymous third party . 
  yeah . 
   after brexit it 's quite clear the eu needs change or even reforms in some way . 
  that was quite clear before brexit . 
  i wish it all the best . 
  guess they listened to the ` doctors and engineers ' meme and took it seriously . 
  the increase in racially motivated violence is significant and measurable . 
  it 's something that needs to be stopped . 
  the reporting of it is vastly higher than normal at the moment , though , which may give an unrealistic view of how widespread it is . 
  scum like him were around long before brexit was talked about and every nation has their equivalent , sadly . 
  does n't read like it . 
   why should northern europe give up such a gift though ? 
  i doubt they would by choice . 
  the stronger economies in the single market are currently milking the weaker . 
  it 's why the uk leaving now was a mistake - the time to leave was when the lack of fiscal union started to tear the single market apart . 
   and how can southern europe pay their euro-denominated debts if they leave it for a ( comparatively ) devalued currency ? 
  same way any other country would - set interest rates correctly and inflate it away . 
  it 's not terribly responsible but it 's normally pretty effective . 
  most of the rhetoric around it that we are running a deficit so we are borrowing the money to send overseas . 
  it 's not a bad argument , to be fair , or at least it would n't be if most of our aid budget was n't just used as functional bribes . 
  the size of our foreign aid budget is somewhat unpopular here at a time when core services are being cut . 
  relevant because it 's an area you go for a luxury holiday . 
  luxury holiday and deadly danger rarely go hand in hand . 
  unless the holiday maker is jack bauer , i guess . 
  i 've never heard somebody tell me `` do n't go on holiday to thailand as it 's much too dangerous '' . 
  meh risk is minimal . 
  edit : i spent 6 months kicking around south east asia and was probably at way more risk some of the places i bumbled then than you would be going to germany at the moment . 
  for the record i felt completely safe . 
  ok it could happen legally in the uk if the uk left the eu and then overturned a lot of a prior legislation . 
  but his point was `` can they build supermarkets in uk where they deny the entrance to poles ? '', 
  and the answer to that is ` no they ca n't , not legally ' . 
   why remove hair in your back or chest then ? 
  objection !, 
  leading question assumes i would . 
  nor if they leave the eu . 
  domestic laws also prevent this . 
  perhaps , perhaps not - depends if they stop being one of the poorer regions . 
  money will always need to be redistributed in a union like the eu from wealthier to poorer regions as the alternatives are unpleasant . 
  in fact far greater fiscal transfers will be required if the eu is to survive .
