   while we were getting smashed in prague , somebody stole kiruna . 
   shit . 
  that 's quite a lot for a first world western democracy that is n't the us . 
  because most urban centres in western europe are fundamentally similar and facing similar issues ? 
  yes . 
  we 've all been there . 
  another horse finally crosses the finish line . 
  why would they ? 
  it 's pretty similar to the laws in northern ireland/republic of ireland . 
  i 'm partially with you ( i 'm split on the issue ) and wonder how it will be viewed in 300 years time . 
  will we look back at this period and wonder how we could get so worked up about the removal of non-viable tissue or will we think of this as the bit of history where we thought killing babies was ok . 
  mostly worked ok for ireland - they outsource the issue to the uk \\* . 
  \\* ^ side ^ effects ^ may ^ include ^ dead ^ high ^ profile ^ non-catholics ^ killed ^ for ^ catholic ^ dogma . 
  and polandball gets it right again . 
  the swedish statements are the most depressing . 
  or in other words ;  intelligence service tries it 's best to do it 's job despite restrictions placed on it . 
  i do n't envy the intelligence services in most european nations ; they are expected to perform perfectly with their hands tied . 
  is my national flair showing ? 
  the eu does actually place blocks on external contract jurisdiction . 
  that 's why this may be a serious issue . 
  if it did n't , it would n't . 
  will require serious party discipline . 
  eastern european cuisine in general is some of the best . 
  i love dumplings , slow cooked/roasted assorted bits of pig , and smoked cheeses ( smoked things in general ) and poland delivers these in abundance . 
  you can never have too many dumplings ( why does my nation fail and not have dumplings stuffed with bacon ? ) . 
  note : this policy is how i ended up fat . 
  edit : i 'd go as far as saying it 's second only to lebanese . 
  lebanese cuisine can not be beaten . 
  because we are weak . 
  it 's just posturing , not news . 
  we are all going to be unbelievably sick of this sort of ` news ' by the end of the year ( if you think you are sick now , give it a few months ) . 
  well that 's the issue - it 's currently built into a significant percentage of commercial contracts across the eu , not sorting something out will cause big issues - the dispute resolution clauses of a percentage of eu commercial contracts becoming effectively invalid overnight is n't something that screws over the uk . 
   trying to settle cases in third party countries . 
  i do n't think you understand but that 's how it 's done right now - if two companies in sweden ( for example ) sign a contract the jurisdiction for dispute resolution will often be specified as the uk to use the legal system so despite the fact both companies are from one country the dispute would be handled in a third . 
  if you were unaware of this it would explain your answers . 
   we 'll make a safe space for you . 
  no need but you did say  what condescendence earlier so that implied you were unaware or were going out of your way to be a cunt . 
  as you 've now confirmed the latter why not just be honest ? 
  because it 's something they seem to do . 
  no idea why , really . 
  not the guy you were replying to but the answer to your question is ` quite a bit in a surprising number of cases ' . 
  a large amount of commercial contracts within the eu specify uk law for dispute resolution ( because it 's boring and reliable and that tends to be what businesses want from a legal structure ) and that 's only possible within the eu 's legal structure post brexit if some sort of arrangement is made to allow the jurisdiction . 
  i do n't know why this is , i 'm mostly regurgitating the views of my other half who 's a lot more educated on the matter than i am ( she 's a solicitor and does a lot of work in commercial contract disputes ) but i 'm inclined to trust her when she says it would either require major eu law changes to allow external jurisdiction or some sort of arrangement . 
  also i refuse to believe you are n't fully aware that starting a reply '' * sigh * '' is condescending as all hell . 
  edit : slightly less terrible spelling . 
  i 'm going to totally steal this for facebook and give you absolutely no credit for it . 
  thanks you . 
  in what way is he a hypocrite ? 
  he was very open about what he was doing and ukip meps have a very high turnout rate to vote against expansion of eu powers ( real or perceived ) . 
  he 's delivered on his mandate much more so than most politicians across europe , to be honest . 
  i may disagree with his aims and methods but that does n't make him a hypocrite . 
  they have a very high turnout rate to vote against expansion of eu powers ( real or perceived ) so they are least dedicated in their questionable action . 
  not an ending compatible with multiculturalism . 
  it would require the destruction of all non-liberal cultures . 
  err in the eu taxes are routed away from the uk . 
  so your personal axe to grind aside the uk is not the eu 's tax haven . 
  no it 's more like the republic of ireland leaving the united kingdom of great britain and ireland . 
  or potentially scotland leaving the united kingdom and northern ireland . 
  if the locals want independence ( and the ukrainians did ) you let them . 
  actually the mechanism to do that is very hard to activate without a clear breach of the law . 
  it 's another clause like article 50 that was n't written properly as they did n't think it would end up being used . 
  great planning !, 
  after all - it 's not brits attacking people . 
  that 's the point i was making badly - that 's not even a lot of a mobile data , for wired it 's nothing . 
  well in that case great success . 
  objection withdrawn . 
   choosing a president must be a nightmare in the united states . 
  should have just gone with this one - more topical and less dickish . 
  not even a great deal of it . 
  where that gets a little more silly is that his defence was paid for by legal aid so the government functionally paid for his defence anyway . 
  it just changed which area of the budget it came from . 
  if i was going to call for backlash it would be to the ruling that blocked his deportation back to his home country ( eritrea ) . 
  but to be fair / r/ukpolitics is hardly something to aspire to . 
  indeed but the hra is basically just an interface document . 
  the fine itself is compensatory rather than remedial and which is better is an argument as old as common law . 
  as i said it looks wrong but really is n't . 
  agree 100 % . 
  but pieces of shit that are often very much a danger to others even individually . 
  because in the near to mid future the aircraft carriers will be french , armour capable of overseas deployment will be french ( power projection , baby ) . 
  air force with some depth of capability ? 
  french . 
  nuclear deterrent ? 
  french . 
  logistics core capable of prolonged deployment ? 
  french again . 
  unless the other states do some serious procurement then most of them would be functionally cheerleaders . 
  to produce a unified armed force of the sort you are talking about you 'd need to completely federalise europe and create a single european identity people are willing to fight and die for . 
  tricky . 
  order france nicely ? 
  although in this case the ruling looks obscene from the british point of view because we are used to remedial rather than punitive fines . 
  a # 14k payment for a failure to follow procedure with no personal harm as a result would simply not happen within our system . 
  it 's not wrong and is probably just but because of what we are used to it * looks * wrong . 
  though in practise what the 28 would do can be summed up with the following sentence : ask france nicely and hope they agree . 
  has ireland changed much in the last year ? 
  10 months ? 
  since when were the irish reserved ? 
  at least in dublin i 've found folks to be incredibly friendly . 
  in most cases it 's neither a big positive or negative - it makes the eu much slower to respond but means nothing is directly imposed on a country . 
  the issue is that article 50 imposes a time limit that would be tricky to extend precisely because of this system and i can not recall a single eu negotiation of consequence that took less than two years . 
  i 'll happily be corrected if i 'm wrong but i do n't think such a negotiation exists .
