  you understand the current arrangement is designed to deal with the fact france does n't control who crosses most of their external borders , right ? 
  it 's a terrible threat as only haulage firms lose and i do n't think french truckers would react well to that . 
   what 's stopping them besides good will ? 
  it was not put in place for ` good will ' - it was a way to not bankrupt haulage firms/eurostar with people trafficking fines that did n't require the french to secure their borders . 
  it was the cheapest and easiest problem the french had at the time . 
  circumstances have n't changed . 
  that 's the point - the current border arrangement was a pragmatic but not proud solution to an issue . 
  it 's an example of what you can do * when you are n't dick waving * . 
  then haulage firms/eurostar start getting bankrupted by the people trafficking fines , start lobbying , start striking in france ( this has happened before ) and we all remember why this was put in place in the first place . 
  the arrangement was a way of getting around france not having effective border controls . 
  they could cancel it but all the alternatives looked at were much more expensive/destructive for everybody involved . 
  it was put in place to protect haulage firms/eurostar . 
  nobody did it out of the goodness of their heart . 
  because the french have style . 
  it goes a long way . 
  if you listed romanian and romanian gypsy separately the result would be quite different . 
  the romanian i worked with for most of last year was great and gave me a positive view of his country/culture . 
  the gypsy who took a shit on the slide of a local park they had invaded six months ago ? 
  less so . 
  seems every time i encounter any sort of traveller they live up to the worst stereotypes we have of them . 
  yeah he 's misrepresenting it . 
  the ideology says that submission is also acceptable . 
  ireland - nearly moved there with nobody forcing me . 
  sometimes regret not doing it . 
   seems like we only sent 4 ? 
  people . 
  yeah shameful display . 
  they were in better shape or at least they had better adapted to the interwar changes in technology/tactics . 
  chamberlain 's peace was the right move at the time ( i think he 's unfairly judged ) as the british armed forces badly needed time to modernise . 
   amazingly , the visegrad group seemed to have been the leading eu force behind the opposition , countries that largely do not know what refugees/migrants are . 
  they seem pretty committed to not finding out . 
  i can sympathise with this . 
  it 's interesting . 
  but when they contradict each other you need to choose which takes precedence . 
  in an ideal world they would n't contradict each other but that is n't the world we live in , 
  i meant for the uk government to sign treaties . 
  representative democracy is the standard here . 
  we do not have a policy of letting representative democracy override direct democracy though . 
  how did that ignore the results of a referendum ? 
  not holding a referendum is the norm - holding one then ignoring the result is a little different . 
  but at the same time we are living in a police state and all the investigative powers we give them are evil , right ? 
  ( popular narrative ) i agree with you entirely . 
  the issue is that when intelligence services are doing their jobs well you rarely get proof that you need them . 
  err as there was that whole referendum thing would it better if they ignored the will of the people ? 
  now * that * would be banana republic territory . 
   i hear there are many out there who are against the surveillance state and the snoopers charter from where i 'm from . 
  close enough to that - the ` many ' you talk about are n't actually that many or if they are they did n't care enough to vote against any of it last election . 
  increased intelligence reach was something we knew came as part of this government . 
  we spy on our citizens more cost effectively but not as intrusively and we do seem to be having a much easier time stopping terror attacks than our less secure brothers and sisters on the continent . 
  budget well spent . 
   this has nothing to do with democracy . 
  why conflate the two ? 
  it 's a fairly popular measure done openly with a democratic mandate - there 's your democracy connection . 
  hardly the ` police state tyranny ' you were trying to sell before . 
  err yeah - the ` many ' you talk about do n't make up a big voting demographic and the ` snoopers charter ' is a mixed bag - increases investigatory powers but also increases oversight . 
  our intelligence spending is unremarkable ( much lower per capita than the us , for example ) but much more efficiently spent . 
  as the use of the data is still going to be restricted to intelligence and law enforcement then yeah democracy . 
  i still ca n't find an objection in what you 've written aside from what amounts to ` the people who were outvoted did n't get what they wanted ' which is pretty core in a democracy . 
  we get these sort of dickheads in the uk . 
  happy ours generally are n't armed . 
  run by a democratically elected parliament ... 
  in the real world that 's described as being a functional democracy with effective intelligence services . 
  what exactly is wrong with that ? 
   a surveillance state is defined as a state which legally surveils all actions , locations , and friends of its citizens , in order to prevent crimes or in order to solve them faster . 
  not really run by police - our police are unhappy and under resourced . 
  we are literally having trouble bribing our police to carry firearms as they are afraid if they are called to actually use them they will end up in court . 
  i know that does n't fit the narrative but hey ho . 
  `` mayor upholds strictly secular dress code without playing favourites - read all about it '', 
  seems / r/europe thinks the uk * is * a police state . 
  how quickly they forget . 
  this part of the thread was in response to the deleted comment 's little rant about the united kingdom . 
  it 's not about russia . 
  sometimes a deleted comment can make these threads pretty hard to follow , i guess : /, 
  also have a pretty good record of stopping terror attacks . 
  seems to be working out so far . 
  edit : remember this part of the thread is about the uk not russia . 
  because we 're not a police state . 
  yup . 
  tornados are being used in the yemeni civil war . 
  edit : albeit not many . 
   no country wrote into law specialised tax rates to attract individual countries assume you mean companies but that is * exactly * what ireland has done . 
  apple 's tax deal in ireland is not the tax deal other companies get . 
  they did it with transfer pricing rather than tax rate setting but the irish were very clear on the intended result . 
  yup . 
  left and right both think the bbc is biased against them . 
  probably means they are doing something right . 
  channel tunnel is pretty badass - hope this is judged feasible . 
  fighting a civil war is a little bit different . 
  typically both sides use what you 've sold . 
  oh i understand how much destruction modern airpower can wreck but massive airpower is n't particularly useful for oppressing your own people . 
  unless it 's outright rebellion and at that point you are fighting a civil war . 
  most fighters can drop a limited payload anyway . 
  even if they were dedicated bombers with ten times the capacity they would still be of extremely limited use oppressing your own people . 
  no that 's because we do n't want a russian proxy to defeat the rebels we were ( are , maybe ? ), 
  funding and equipping . 
  civil wars are terribly inconvenient when the side you do n't support is winning . 
  the meeting was in 1985 . 
  the saudi bombing campaign in yeman was 31 years later and conducted mostly using f15s . 
  how is that even relevant ? 
   sadly , for european topics , bbc has become as bad as ell the others it really has n't .
