  in this case it 's been shifting out of the uk for years so at worst it 's a no score draw . 
  i mean if it was already leaving before the brexit vote ; look at how much was done ( and will continue to be ) done in dublin , for example . 
  err the touquet agreement was put in place because the french exit checks were letting through so many people the fines were getting close to rendering the eurotunnel project non-viable ( and were bankrupting hauliers ) . 
  it was literally put in place in calais because schengen rendered france entirely unable to control their borders . 
  it 's there to prevent people trafficking ( which is what it is when you smuggle illegal immigrants into another country ) . 
  i agree with you on most of this but the border agreement only really came about as a workaround for the fact france is entirely unable to control it 's borders . 
  the fact schengen has been failing to police it 's own borders has been an issue for decades that schengen countries should probably look at sorting out . 
  the guy you are replying to was talking crap ( border controls aside look at the logistics of creating a tunnel to the netherlands ... yeah ) but the touquet agreement is pretty much all the uk can do . 
  not with that attitude we 're not !, 
  yay go people trafficking . 
  err being a big armsdealer is a negative , dude . 
  same in the uk with london . 
  i commute on northern rail . 
  maybe this colours my judgement . 
  interestingly many integrate then during a time of stress or difficulty ` deintegrate ' ( i know it 's not a word but ` separate ' does n't have quite the right meaning ) and then the problems start . 
  british pakistani sunnis are n't arabs but have a high isis uptake . 
  it may have once been an arab and sunni issue but now it 's a sunni issue . 
  then try many of the uk 's providers and you 'll wish you 'd instead done something comfortable like inserting sandpaper into yourself . 
  i really hope you are right about this every single time . 
  because you only have to be wrong once . 
  calais is a special case because the migrants refuse to have any interaction with the country they are staying in . 
  did n't know part of the greece agreement was significant privatisation . 
  the bad kind of interesting . 
  err yeah * shuffles feet * was n't just the us that did that . 
  i agree with you 100 % on this but the current document is no more able to stop this than a replacement . 
  we currently have up to 28 day detention without charge or trial and the only reason it 's so low is our own parliament rebelled . 
  it could have been higher - the original was to be 90 days but was defeated in parliament and a later attempt to up it to 42 days was defeated . 
  the hra was 100 % ineffective at preventing this . 
  not just no political will but little capability . 
  the eucj ruled migrants ca n't be detained for deportation unless you can prove they 've previously been deported and re-entered . 
  so you start the process and they vanish turning up under a different name ( still with no documents ) . 
  the french have been hamstrung over this . 
  correct as it 's not been written . 
  none of us have any idea what 's in it , what it would or would not protect . 
  assuming it would n't give those protections seems like jumping the gun . 
  personally i think the most likely outcomes are ; a ) it will never happen - writing a replacement has already been tried for years and writing one that 's an improvement while still meeting our treaty obligations has defeated every uk minister/department it 's been given to so far . 
  b ) it will happen but will be very similar to the original - allows a moral victory without actually doing much . 
  the hra is basically just an interface document as the presence of something like it is now written into so many of our laws it would be a damned nightmare to extract . 
  article 50 gives us the option of returning to being a sovereign state ( in as far as any is ) but the existence of it does not , in itself , do anything unless invoked . 
  by that logic texas was a sovereign nation before the american civil war because they had a right to leave the union written into their conditions of joining . 
  they were n't , by the way . 
  i assume you have seen the text of the hra replacement ? 
  err you do know that the uk border check is currently on the french side and the french border check is currently on the british side , right ? 
  this was put in place to help prevent people trafficking - if they are caught before leaving the country no trafficking has taken place . 
  from the existence of the calais camp the uk border force seem to be doing quite a good job . 
  you seem to be in favour of people tracking . 
  please answer me this one question : if france did not want these people in their country , why did they let them in ? 
  ok it 's a halfway house between a confederation and a federation that we do n't currently have a word for in english . 
  well no - that 's what being part of a federation is . 
  it 's up to individual nations if they think that 's acceptable or not . 
  it 's the same logic i apply to the uk internally ; if the scottish do decide they wish independence i fully support them . 
   since schengen isn \u00b4 t your concern anymore you should just concentrate on the parts that you actually can do something about , it is not the place to start here . 
  france is still our neighbour and france still has no control over who enters the country . 
  the issue is the same ( in fact the issue has got a lot worse ) . 
   yup , but since things change , the terms should be changed . 
  do you happen to know how much you are paying to keep them in france ? 
  doesn \u00b4 t matter really , no amount of money can compromise the pain the people in calais must be going through . 
  things do change but i doubt this one will as france are * still * unable to guarantee who is leaving the country without border checks . 
  at the moment the uk pays for the exit checks but reverse the deal and france will have to pay for them . 
  there will still need to be exit checks but now france has to foot the bill . 
  how thorough the french authorities would be is something nobody ever wanted to find out as there 's two main scenarios : 1 ) they do a good job and there is still a calais camp . 
  good for the uk but bad for france . 
  2 ) they do a bad job and people start getting caught at the other end - people trafficking fines start killing eurostar/haulage firms . 
  bad for the uk and bad for france as you 'd see the mother of all trucker strikes on top of everything else . 
  the current arrangement is the least destructive . 
  [ for example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/primacy_of_european_union_law ) . 
  oh sweet summer child . 
  the germans have no idea what expensive and crap train services mean . 
   i say let uk deal with them to be fair as the camp is a direct result of schengen not having secure borders maybe that would be a good place to start . 
  the deal was put in place in the first place because france could n't control who entered their country so could n't guarantee who was leaving from it ; the fines for people trafficking were getting close to destroying a lot of haulage firms/eurostar . 
  if it helps he probably came via italy . 
  border control , control of legislation , sovereignty of parliament to name a few . 
  trade deals ca n't happen any time soon - eu members can not negotiate them . 
  also i 'd be really worried if we sent trade negotiators for this . 
  so a right to trial by jury would automatically sort out the ` without trial ' issue , right ? 
  it 's just being more specific at that point . 
  they think it already is a brutal police state . 
  that 's my issue with it - the document is now used in ways that were never intended and do serious damage to the credibility of the institution . 
  the uk government 's current course of action is wrong but so is doing nothing . 
  some of the bizarre uses of article 8 show the document was not created perfectly . 
  if the document is n't perfect it needs to be possible to amend it . 
  i meant absorbing the liability for the bank ( and thus nearly euro ) collapse but eurovision works too . 
  also ireland has done a whole load of stuff to benefit the eu as a whole . 
  the tax race to the bottom was a mistake but overall ireland has been a massive boon to the eu as a whole . 
  kinda creeps me out , to be honest . 
  wondering what happened to create the endless well of bitterness . 
  but seriously if you look at my post history you will find dozens of subs and topics - it 's what most people 's post history looks like . 
  you just seem to spend your entire time bashing the uk . 
  it 's kinda weird , dude . 
  not just posting about one topic in there . 
  95 % + of your posts are brexit or anti uk . 
  it 's mental . 
  you can not currently do a trade deal with the uk as they are currently not able to make trade deals . 
  no nation in the eu is . 
  literally picking what you want from the lunch menu is higher priority than uk trade talks at the moment as one of those you can legally do so it should be no surprise that uk trade deals are not top of any priority list of anybody on the planet who is paying attention . 
  a couple of folks ( myself included ) had noticed that / r/drumpfeteer seems to dedicate a % of his life to posting about brexit . 
  do n't take my word for it - check it yourself and decide for yourself . 
  the sheer bombardment of terrible articles is crappy for leaver and remainer alike . 
  err we have n't left the eu and ca n't sign trade deals . 
  obama will not be involved in the decision process by the time we can .
