yazaroth delivers !, 
  jihadi john had a lot of support in the west to erode ? 
  no - the general opinion is that the british emergency brake will be overturned if challenged as it directly contravenes current treaties but there are hopes that challenges would be blocked politically before they actually happen . 
  curious how germany can manage this when britain ca n't . 
  i resent that you 're not wrong but you 're not wrong . 
  but would the rest of europe go along with it ? 
  would they be willing to be germany 's enforcers ? 
  oh i get that - imperial germany does not wish it 's empire to be reduced so is willing to make an example of any state that steps out of line . 
  and look at the restrictions we have on driving ? 
  you need a licence and then there are an extensive set of rules governing what you can and ca n't do with a well documented system of punishments including removing your ability to drive at all . 
  we sacrifice a lot of our liberty for safety where driving is concerned . 
  seems to work - lot of very pretty girls over there . 
  to be fair the quote probably sounds less clever when it 's your friends and family scattered over the blast radius of a targeted attack on civilians . 
  separate but equal . 
  has a ring to it . 
  sounds about right - hostile to democracy to the end . 
  agreed . 
  from a british perspective so far the jihadis have been pretty low impact compared to the irish . 
  nah - false positives are too much of a thing . 
  oh turns out we got the wrong guy , let him free guys !, 
  oh we killed him ? 
  gee look at the time !, 
  must dash !, 
  makes you proud to be british/french . 
  or if they got some girl knocked up before hand . 
  right to a family life etc. 
  because the single market and laws against awarding contracts only to your own nationals mean an infrastructure program like that will be attempting to float the entire european free market rather than just your own economy . 
  aint nobody got the money for that . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be told it has nothing to do with islam . 
  only in glasgow can you be on fire and still end up in a fight . 
  we were told by these folks to join the euro or face economic devastation . 
  know the story of the boy who cried wolf ? 
  labour ran a surplus briefly until 2001 . 
  the crisis did n't hit in 2002 , those were boom years of the sort we wont see again for a while . 
  corbyn has announced he will reverse all cuts done by this government but will not cut anything they have added . 
  the infrastructure scheme is a frikkin awesome idea ** if ** the uk votes to leave the eu and a terrible idea if it does n't . 
  one of the big benefits of that sort of scheme is the money in pumps into your national companies but under eu law we would be unable to restrict the construction contracts to uk firms so we would be trying a stimulus package on the whole eu which we ca n't afford . 
  seriously great idea under other circumstances but god awful as it is . 
  so his plan is to spend more in more or less every area . 
  i 'd love to have a credible opposition but hey we got corbyn instead . 
  our only hope now is that the lib dems will pull themselves out of the hole they dug but i do n't see that happening . 
  brace yourself for 9 more tory years . 
  unfortunately our other main party wants to go on an unaffordable spending spree . 
  when they stop trying to bankrupt our next generation we will happily elect them again . 
  romanians do make up a 5th of london 's homeless population so there 's more to it than that . 
  really did n't . 
  what a strange article . 
  irish is already better than scottish . 
  i 'm really happy the english channel exists , right now . 
  they are zealously left . 
  lately they have been more or less exemplifying that hideous group the regressive left . 
  on this sub it 's commonly ` not at any cost ' . 
  lots of support shown here for posts saying more or less ` they should accept everything as it is and the ever closer union or leave . ', 
  genuine reform was not all that popular . 
  you joke but trump is what democracy looks like . 
  no quality control for voters in a representative democracy and a less effective vetting process for candidates . 
  bizarrely trump is proof that they have a * more * functional democracy than us . 
  the world would be a much better place if that were true . 
  more canada for all !, 
  he 's not wrong - the eu only ever advances , never retreats . 
  depressing as it is for me the uk is staying in . 
  too many lies and too much fear coming from the remain camp . 
  because all of the other words have a meaning , unlike handbrake which is entirely fluff . 
  eu bank levies would beg to differ . 
  err it 's meaningless ; we can call a council who will promptly tell us to fuck off . 
  we get the right to beg . 
  wow that 's a game changer . 
  it 's probably quite different being in a country that gets out more than it puts in and has interests broadly aligning with the majority . 
  our national interests diverge quite heavily from most of continental europe ; we have a financial service sector that makes up a chunk of the economy , for a start , so most of europe is quite happy to throw around bank levies that do n't hurt them but do sting us . 
  basically it 's a different story when somebody else is paying . 
   if the uk still wishes to leave the eu and fend for itself , ignoring catastrophic economic effects that will entail , what catastrophic economic effects would those be , specifically ? 
  or are you one of the people that assumes europe will stop trading with us and certainly would n't work out a fta like it has with many countries ( south korea , for example ) and instead hurt their own exports ? 
  far fetched fearmongering bullshit . 
  heh heh heh the current runners of project fear boast of ` logic ' over 'em otion ' . 
  the economic case is only clear cut if you only value big business - when you include unskilled workers facing inflated competition for jobs and wage compression it gets lot more complicated . 
  but fuck poor people , right ? 
  also that rate fixing was a great idea ... 
  you continue to punish cameron for not being corrupt enough . 
  the pig story was ashcroft 's revenge for cameron not letting him buy a cabinet position . 
  good job , dude , you are part of the problem . 
  the uk have been over-ridden more than 90 % of the time we have voted against something that is against our national interests . 
  a dickhead contest . 
  he never speaks like this in the uk . 
  before the summer migrant surge , you mean ? 
  interestingly there 's none of the optimism of the scottish yes campaign floating around . 
  to be fair i think that may have done more harm than good anyway . 
  why would he stop bombing the enemies of his ally ? 
  but it 's telling that out opposition leader 's approval is falling so much faster that this is more or less meaningless . 
  depressing state of affairs . 
  scottish referendum was pretty clear cut . 
  11 % split is quite a lot . 
  yup - efsm funding was used last year and the argument that it was n't non-eurozone money being used was laughable . 
  kinda - you seem to forget quite how much the uk paid into euro bailout funds while not being a eurozone member . 
  at the moment the issue is that the schengen areas countires have a massive problem largely caused by them deciding to save money on borders and are now insisting that even those that kept their borders help pay for the cleanup . 
  funnily enough that 's not going down well . 
  they really do n't . 
  they sit and wait for the eu to magic away the problem . 
  wanted to and did . 
  our military doctrines are designed to be used from a position of total superiority . 
  dumb bombs and cluster munitions have their place in a total war .
