  how to create drama where there is none . 
  the guardian really has gone to shit these days , has n't it ? 
  oh was going to reply properly but i 've noticed you pretty much post the same thing on all brexit articles that match your view . 
  a few may have but most of us understand that there will be a cost . 
  there are potentially quite a few pros to go with the cons though . 
  i doubt you would want the us to join the eu . 
  the economy is n't everything . 
  if it was we would be wildly deregulating all sorts of things and probably reinstitute slavery . 
  it also does n't help that the eucj and echr would almost certainly rule against any detention . 
  i agree but the sabre rattling mostly is n't for us , it 's for domestic consumption . 
  pretty difficult to deal with without an enormous expenditure of resources . 
  remember pretty much everybody there will have ` lost ' their documentation and will not come from only the most immediately dangerous of countries . 
  as the french found last time they tried to bring officials in to process claims many have been well drilled by no-borders activists . 
  no good answers for the french . 
  guess having borders ai n't so bad . 
  it makes sense - the uk we have a solid legal system and we do n't appreciate quite how much easier it makes our lives . 
  a percentage of the world 's international contracts include clauses for disputes/litigation to be handled under uk law - even if neither party has a uk connection - mostly because it 's reliable and precedent driven but also the perception that it is n't corrupt . 
  we take it for granted over here and most of my countrymen do n't realise quite what a crappy state the uk would be in if it did n't have it . 
  ( it 's one of the few things we still get right ), 
  france has it 's own issues - i do wonder , though , whether between us some sort of australian solution could be contrived . 
  remove a lot of the rewards and you remove a lot of the draw . 
  personally i hope the uk government increases their engagement with and help for the french government over this issue - reducing the draw helps both . 
  on the other hand  `` no one is interested in our backgrounds and who we are . 
  they do n't treat us like human beings . 
  this is the worst camp in europe , '' a man from syria said . 
  the man , who has been in calais for almost a year asked not to be named and apologised for not wanting to talk further about his situation . 
  `` it is my life and my pain . '' his wife and two sons are still in syria . '', 
  i 'm always amazed by how strange these places are that only women and children are safe there . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
  i feel a growing lack of contempt for her . 
  we 'll have to see if what she actually does matches up . 
  yup taxes , regulation , treatment for users - many good arguments behind decriminalisation or legalisation of different drugs , at least . 
  big time . 
  to blame an individual rather than the extended decadence decay spiral ( which he himself was a product of ) ? 
  sigmar be praised . 
  our saviour has really let himself go . 
  appeals , perverse court rulings etc. 
  an alliance with the strong is never to be trusted . 
  ask the kurds . 
  you have a politician called sigmar ? 
  i 've been a warhammer fan for too many years to not find that awesome . 
  his picture disappoints , though , as he 's pudgy and not wielding a hammer . 
  so you ca n't believe in the nation state without wanting to kill/fight people . 
  you just went full / r/europe \\ . 
  never go full / r/europe \\ . 
  you see how many people make the attempt to get to australia these days ? 
  very few . 
  this was n't the case before their current policy was introduced . 
  our failure to deal with mass illegal immigration encourages more of it . 
  \\* should be doing . 
  it 's only flat beneficial if they leave before they get old/don ' t have children . 
  then it 's pretty neutral . 
  genuinely interested to know if the average american even knows where serbia is let alone ` getting wise to your guys crap ' . 
  the average brit could n't point it out on a map ( although that just says bad things about the average brit so your mileage may vary ) . 
  maybe the future did n't turn out as well as we thought : /, 
  was romantic as hell last time we went there . 
  it 's not just the image they need to protect . 
  similar views on jews/invading france and that 's what hitler is most well known for . 
  i hope so too but i do n't think it 's very likely . 
  more likely it 's a demographic bomb that our children will have to deal with . 
  they are n't even trying to hide it these days . 
  yeah that link is staying blue . 
  have they tried between the sofa cushions ? 
  not so much - moving profits out of the eu would still be tricky and we 'd be in direct competition with the real tax haven territories ( bvi , for example ) . 
  i mean it could benefit us but in the way it could benefit all developed nations - if one country/block actually manages to pin down the multinationals and squeeze out some of the owed money everybody will want a slice and the current trend towards all powerful multinationals might start to slow . 
  a man can dream , right ? 
  shame this will almost certainly drag on for years as the outcome ( one way or the other ) will be a game changer . 
  fair play . 
  i 'll concede to you as you have direct experience . 
  some communities in the uk have assimilated extremely well and others less so . 
  the difference in school attainment/employment/wealth / crime statistics between british indian and pakistani communities is night and day and the contrast is especially interesting because it ca n't be explained by racism . 
  can confirm : moved to yorkshire a couple of years ago . 
  they have people here with no first language . 
  because germany is scared of itself and it 's past . 
  german guilt will hamstring any effective response . 
  this is all going to get a lot worse before it gets better . 
  i think they were being sarcastic . 
  edit : i 'm wrong , they 're just damaged . 
  he 's probably right - there will be pain to come . 
  it 's an acceptable price . 
  the uk agreed with germany on nearly everything in the last 15 years - germany have been the uk 's closest policy ally for frikkin ages . 
  we love the germans . 
  recent decisions by germany are more questionable on both sides ( our german brothers and sisters may not like to admit it but the british and germans are very similar in all sorts of ways ) . 
  err if you are saying that we should leave immediately with no plan and no institutions ready just to please folks like you then i have to object . 
  leaving the eu is a serious issue that should be done carefully and not in a cavalier manner . 
  luckily our new prime minister seems to take this seriously unlike the last clown . 
  well now the uk are out of the way you can all begin amalgamating into a european superstate . 
  brutal . 
  amen but the reason the french were willing to put the original plan in place is there were always exit checks and previously the french were responsible for them ( and had to pay for them ) . 
  if they fail to do the job properly then everybody loses but the job will still need to be done to prevent the destruction of cross channel trade . 
  smuggling routes will always exist but it 's about minimizing the appearance of success . 
  there will always be an exit border there , the question is who runs and pays for it - the french will not want to fund it if they have the choice and british will want it well run if we have the choice . 
  the original deal was a response to an issue that still exists . 
  if the french decide to cancel the treaty ( as is their right ) then there will still be a calais camp - unless they wave everybody through which would be a breach of international carriage law . 
  basically there 's currently no winner but drop it and we 're all losers . 
  yeah the london free stuff riots were not dissimilar to that but mostly the unemployed poor . 
  why do you think the current arrangement is in place ? 
  serious question . 
  this is the kind of response you can take pride in . 
  as migrants are n't coming from one side the fines although theoretically payable by both sides would be a burden for the french side in 99 % of cases ( probably more ) .
