  it 'll be like tuition fees and foundation hospitals all over again . 
  they 'd be mad to give them a say in deploying the army , let alone nukes . 
  would we intervene in such a war ? 
  doing more than a little bombing does n't seem to be our style these days . 
  syria 's only two countries over and we sat and watched a genocide for ages before we took anything past a ` strongly worded letter ' strength deployment . 
  the british finishing industry understands the decision . 
  they could do that while the uk is part of the eu . 
  in this case there was a 10 % spread . 
  in the scenario i painted they would be facing an external existential threat . 
  these days that means another nuclear power and mad . 
  hence why you do n't see direct conflicts between nuclear powers ; even in the cold war they fought through proxies . 
  short term pain for long term gain . 
  best to get out before the house of card collapses . 
  send southern europe 's youth unemployment my regards . 
  such a policy would last exactly until the moment it faced an existential threat . 
  fair play . 
  it 's almost certain that things would get worse economically in the short term but the mid to longer term is a lot less certain ( norway 's big ass fund seem to think we 'll be fine longer term either way ) so it is n't all black and white . 
  that it would go as far as actual recession ( or that we would n't go into recession any way with the china bubble primed to burst ) is again not written in stone . 
  it 's all ifs and maybes glued together with a little bit ( a lot ) of wishful thinking and doomsaying . 
  how ? 
  remain have told me wars and genocide will be the result and tusk has told me it 's going to cause the downfall of ` western political civilisation in it 's entirety ' so who will be left to do the printing ? 
  britain was told leaving the erm would result in a massive crash followed by recession . 
  quite the opposite happened . 
  george ` the avatar of human suffering ' osborne is one of the good guys now they agree with him . 
  much like the fact david ` pig violator ' cameron has only the interests of the british people . 
  the eu currently contains two counties with serious nuclear capability . 
  it does n't need much of a defence force as local force projection is easy when you back it with nukes . 
  in that circumstance you only really need longer range force projection for interventions , posturing ( or threats - equally useful ) and defending distant holdings or territories not covered by your local capabilities ( a falklands scenario where the enemy believes it will be more hassle than it 's worth for you to reply ) so what would it be for again ? 
  your tv shows * are * great . 
  guess he does n't understand the capacity of a modern government to exterminate dissenters . 
  pr would have been great but the av system proposed was terrible . 
  almost designed to fail . 
  the existence of the commission makes the eu less democratic ; at least we elect the folks who propose legislation . 
  but the issue with being part of a large block like the eu is that our interests run contrary to the eurozone block meaning we will always be outvoted when it counts . 
  block voting is an issue . 
  i was answering this post . 
   then maybe you should n't have voted for them . 
  this argument is ridiculous . 
  when you 've got two parties to choose from ( that are n't a waste of your vote ) and both of them are for a free movement eu how can you vote your way out of that one ? 
   and with euro there is no way for states to use their exchange rate as an adjustment mechanism not all states in the eu are part of the eurozone . 
  i understand the necessity of the free movement of people within what is functionally one economy but the same is n't true outside . 
  not all nations in the eu have opted out of having the exchange rate as an adjustment mechanism . 
  a hangover from first the empire then the commonwealth . 
  adoption of a points based system would have an impact on that . 
   stop thinking about immigrants like flood i do n't think of them as a flood - just a large population influx greatly exceeding our current capacity to build infrastructure to cope with . 
   the number of people who stay in the uk is limited by how many of them find jobs . 
  this has not proven enforceable ; one fifth of the homeless in london are romanian . 
  it 's not an entirely accurate representation . 
  he 's missing how the companies in the richer countries with higher running costs and staff costs destroy the competing companies that live in a much more competitive environment . 
   you need free movement of people if you want single market . 
  how is it in any way essential ? 
  it really does n't , you know . 
  because there is a candidate to suit everybody with a campaign that gives them sufficient visibility to have a chance . 
  seriously get real . 
  what our political classes ( and do n't pretend it was only the british who wanted that ) wished and what the british in general wish are n't entirely the same thing . 
  if free movement was n't required and held as some sort of holy virtue the british would not even be considering having a referendum . 
  pretty words and bizarre claims ( `` the european union is arguably the greatest thing human beings have ever achieved in the political sphere . '', 
  for example ) do n't change the fact not every country will want both hundreds of thousands of folks migrating there and absolutely no say in the matter . 
  add external rule and it all seems a little less golden . 
  that 's a more recent head of the hydra but it 's not the first nor , if we stay , will it be the last . 
  a lot of us came to the decision to vote leave based mainly on the sovereignty question . 
  basically the countries of central and southern europe have different needs , different priorities , and different views . 
  in the kinda democracy of the eu we will be on the outvoted side more often than most . 
  if we vote leave we can make the decisions that are best for us and they them rather than all of us making the decisions that are best for them . 
  if we were n't constantly fighting eu taxation of our financial services sector backed by nations that do n't have one to speak of i 'd be much more on the fence but as we are i 'm not . 
  i would imagine so . 
  then germany can get back to economically ravaging southern europe with a destructive currency union without any interruptions . 
  you paint the uk as the only party pursuing self interest in this while we are doing significantly less damage than your good selves . 
  i wonder why so many of us want to leave ? 
  join the new german empire or be punished !, 
   i hope it stays on track and none of our politicians say anything really stupid or have any more godwin moments . 
  not asking for much , are you ? 
  well you 've completely removed the need for me to answer him . 
  he 's kinda right - stupidly over the top remarks from either side tend to help the other . 
  still not sure why the french allow those camps to persist . 
  one of the incidents was normal fans being attacked . 
  think that 's the contentious one . 
  normally people just roll their eyes at two groups of thugs going for each other but when a group starts going for family groups the tone of the response changes . 
  rightly so , as well . 
  also bread , wine , and strikes . 
  assuming no negotiations are ever conducted behind closed doors . 
  then you must * really * respect islamic state . 
  exactly the same ; if cameron 's ` renegotiations ' before proved anything it 's that even with that threat we have no leverage these days . 
  strange . 
  how would you explain this ? 
  i understand that the odd person might have strange tastes or a few hipsters might be just claiming it to be different but you said ` most ' . 
  does not compute . 
  as that was in the context of him trying to scare people off voting leave i have no idea if he 'd actually do that . 
  he 's not wrong this time . 
  i see your point but in this case the central europeans are a little cautious after what happened last time . 
  the big questions are ` in it 's current form does it meet those needs ? ', 
  and ` could this objective be better achieved another way ? ' . 
  even in the uk ( probably the eu 's most eurosceptic nation ) the appetite and support for a reformed less imperialistic eu is huge - it 's what we 've got now that 's unpopular . 
  not going to be a little byzantine empire clinging to life . 
  nope . 
  if the uk leaves the entire west will fall into the sea . 
  true story . 
  it does n't surprise me at all - i was n't lying about having german friends albeit not ones i normally talk politics with . 
  the internal politics of other countries is n't normally light conversation . 
  i 'll double check later because once that narrative had started i 'm pretty sure her press office did nothing to correct it initially .
