  fatalities per 100 million vehicle miles travelled . 
  uk : 0.5 australia : 0.6 germany : 1.1 usa : 0.9 crazy , huh ? 
  will probably still be put at greater risk as the majority of other road users will not be . 
  ( i 'm the same as you for this one - i 'm right handed but fire a rifle left handed and using my right eye for that sort of thing seems wrong ! ), 
  the average person is right handed and right eye dominant so driving on the left plays into the average person 's perceptional/physical strengths . 
  if left handed people ( who are predominantly left eye dominant ) ever became the majority then driving on the right hand side would become optimal . 
  he 's the guy who phrased the uk 's potential payments as a bill for leaving the eu ( which is crazy as those payments would just be meeting our existing financial commitments ) . 
  i do n't think believing in the primacy of parliament and the importance of the nation state makes you a fascist . 
  if it does there are a * lot * of fascists . 
  in this case he 's a cock but calling him a fascist is bending the word out of any recognised meaning . 
  trump getting assassinated would land pence the top job . 
  let 's hope it 's collapse instead . 
  lager with lemonade ( or shandy as we 'd call it in the uk ) is simply the most refreshing drink there is on a hot day . 
  prepare for mockery , though , if caught indulging . 
  and considering that pence is basically a vampire without the manners or other redeeming features we need to hope trump stays healthy and unimpeached . 
  yup - neither party ( and thus power bloc ) got a candidate they are happy with . 
  i do n't think a nation without patriotism would be particularly healthy for long . 
  like all things there 's a balance to be struck . 
  civic engagement really matters . 
  and now we 've become pantomime , 
  so you * were * using the ` things i do n't like ' definition . 
  did n't they change the side they drove on anyway ? 
  ( seems silly as driving on the left saves lives ), 
  how is farage fascist ? 
  or were you using it in the ` things i do n't like ' definition ? 
  muscat , not so much . 
  he 's kinda right - we would n't be paying to leave , we 'd be covering our pre-existing financial obligations . 
  big fucking difference . 
  will be tricky to stop you using the country c sim card . 
  not even the welsh commonly use welsh . 
  there are n't enough consonants in the world for widespread deployment . 
  i apply the same filter to farage and it 's rarely done me wrong . 
  canada suffered economically immediately after they gained self rule at the very start of the 1900s but i doubt they regretted it much . 
  think they 've done rather well out of it myself . 
  economics are n't everything . 
  you misunderstand - under blair/brown a number of decisions were taken that were against the interests of the eu but the voting record shows the uk was rarely overruled . 
  under cameron the uk this rarely happened but because policy then was to actually vote even if it would be overruled it looks like the uk 's interests were more frequently overruled ( when the opposite is true ) . 
  how often a country is outvoted in council has relatively little meaning when so many external factors impact that . 
  does n't really mean much of anything to be honest - under blair the uk had a policy of just not voting or voting against it 's interests when it was clear it would lose the vote . 
  from the records you would think everything was entirely in their favour even when the uk was negatively impacted . 
  you do n't even see it move around within the eu in noticeable amounts . 
  and germany does have a fta with poland and france , for example . 
  any agreement takes years between two normal nations and this is going to have to be an agreement of 28 . 
  nothing will be decided for decades . 
  brown 's rather than blair 's . 
  developed economy unskilled labour rarely moves . 
  you do n't see a great deal of german unskilled labour outside of germany , for example . 
  if you think the majority of those signatures are british you 're in for a surprise . 
  google ` uk postcode example ' and you can even copy and paste it directly from google . 
  carter was a bit wild about it too . 
  i love that the netherlands does n't have one . 
  there is no god but brexit and farage is it 's prophet . 
  remain and leave are both valid answers . 
  the important thing is to have the choice . 
  it 's pretty funny because traditionally the french military has never wanted for recruits . 
   but the eu fails to act decisively . 
  some of it seemed realistic ^ ^ i ^ ^ joke !, 
  yeah odd choice of wording . 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that it happened . 
  which race will he commit genocide against ? 
  russia does n't have to be great or even good or even not evil to have a better position than we do . 
  trying to end civil war  not trying to end civil war  trying to extend civil war . 
  trying to end a war that 's devastating a country . 
  assad is shit but better than the alternative . 
  yes because thinking my own country 's policy of stirring shit by gearing up an uprising is disgusting makes me a putinbot . 
  russians in ukraine ? 
  doing something shitty . 
  russians in syria ? 
  some of the only folks not fucking the situation up further . 
  ` lol lets pump tons of weapons into a civil war to really get this carnage up to 11 ' - uk & us, 
  positive about the uk \u2713 42 % upvoted \u2713 everything 's in order folks , move along . 
  headline : parliament demands white paper on eu exit . 
  next day headline : may promises white paper on eu exit . 
  dramatic headlining for the acceptance of a request , no ? 
  makes sense . 
  in the ( to me unlikely ) event they do keep access then i would n't expect anything different . 
  when we started sending gear to the rebels we probably put ourselves in the ` villain ' category . 
  add ' a series of terror attacks ' and ` brexit ' to the list of stuff that did n't inspire any urgency in dealing with this problem . 
  nah she 's just got a timeshare these days . 
  if only the sentiment was n't so repulsive ; ` ship of shame ' , what does that even mean ? 
  also trying to bring an end to the war in syria is the exact opposite of extending the suffering . 
  people can always commit crimes so we should do away with police and prisons as they are n't 100 % effective . 
  politics aside it 's a great idea . 
  no ; they only found 3500 . 
  jokes aside , as a student i was really against the colonial legacy of the british museum but as i 've grown older and seen time and again the examples in it become the last of their kind as the original owners lose/destroy the others i 'm less against it . 
  it 's large chinese collection for example ; the chinese government has made a number of requests for the return of originally non unique items that were made unique during the cultural revolution . 
  say whatever you want about how things got there at least the bm looks after things . 
  i think you mean ` no power to write legislation ' which is somewhat different . 
   by sending the boats back to where they started . 
  if the governments in question refuse to take them in , hammer them with sanctions think somebody already covered this . 
  if the trip develops a much higher fail rate uptake will drop . 
  example : australia . 
  i 'm a little englander and i got it ( and my kind are notoriously insular ) . 
  edit : it 's not an example i would have used myself , though . 
  while scotland has no border and has both very low rates of immigration and writes off the concerns of those that do . 
  nobody is voting based on the wishes of other places and people as i think they presume those people will do that for themselves . 
  quite a few things got separated immediately before , during , and after his final moments . 
  that 's a pretty big historical difference . 
  having a way of life that leaves you without a stable income and frequently without education for your children is pretty much a surefire road to poverty . 
  to be fair they have a similar reputation out east to the one irish travellers have in the uk .
