  and if they vote to remain i 'd just love them to take stock for a bit and understand they are fairly represented in westminster and hopefully ( pipe dream here ) stop whining about not getting disproportionately over represented ( as seems to be the vogue demand ) . 
   it 's just bantz guise !, 
  that 's pretty much why this sort of stuff gets spammed . 
  it 's easy karma . 
  god damn !, 
  so not only does poland have awesome cuisine ( second only to lebanese ) full of dumplings and perfectly roasted meats it also has a doughnut festival ? 
  so this is what massive cultural envy feels like . 
  it 's for good luck . 
  who does n't need more good luck ? 
  i think it 's telling that cartoons about jesus are relatively common and do n't result in terror attacks while the same can not be said about mohammed . 
  we have monty python . 
  also eddie izzard ( nothing better than an eddie izzard live set ) . 
  agreed but we do n't base our cultural morality on the bible at this stage . 
  if we did i would n't hold our culture as superior ( the bible is full of crazy shit ) . 
   which european publication is publishing cartoons of mohammed ? 
  if you are correct it should be relatively easy to disprove my position just by linking a european publication that has recently published a cartoon featuring the prophet mohammed . 
  well yes . 
  but as i do n't think death for apostates , death for gays , and treating women as second class citizens are all acceptable behaviours i think the opinion is well grounded . 
  ahh `` western state terrorism '' . 
  it 's a while since i 've heard this chestnut . 
  please continue as your post is awfully vague . 
  what specifically are you on about ? 
  i ca n't prove a negative . 
  that 's more or less impossible . 
  which european publication is publishing cartoons of mohammed ? 
  if you are correct it should be relatively easy to disprove my position just by linking a european publication that has recently published a cartoon featuring the prophet mohammed . 
  [ hebdo were pretty clear on why they wont do it any more ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/charlie-hebdo-911-qaeda-mohammad/ ) because they do n't want muslims to turn up and burn their office down or murder their staff again . 
  and the first page results are dominated by attempted murders/murders of those who published/drew them . 
  my point made well . 
  but rather than a lmgtfy which european publication will now punish a mohammed cartoon ? 
  specifically , please . 
  i notice you 've avoided something there ; why will nobody publish cartoons of mohammad any more ? 
  charlie hebdo wont do it because they do n't want to be murdered and there 's a clear pattern of publish cartoons of mohammed = get murdered which they learned the hard way . 
  charlie hebdo was n't an isolated incident . 
  do you think it 's coincidence ? 
  i hope one day muslims in europe do not represent such a threat but currently they do . 
  you can tell by the dead people and the behavioural changes people have adopted since to not become dead people . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i think the eu will do just fine in the mid term but fortunately i also doubt they will listen to the kind of hateful fantasists that are so common around here . 
  remember charlie hebdo ? 
  as an easy counterpoint you 'll notice that pretty much no publication including ch will publish cartoons of mohammed any more because a muslim will turn up and attempt to murder you . 
  find me another group that behaves like that . 
  despite christians outnumbering muslims in europe many times over you will simply not get the same reaction for , for example , a cartoon of jesus . 
  what conclusion do you draw from this ? 
  also keep the white guilt sins-of-the-father shite out of this as we are normally talking about european citizens . 
  we do n't need to tiptoe around progressive muslims as they do n't immediately start murdering people when treated the same as everybody else but unfortunately they do n't quite make up a large enough majority of muslims for the community not to represent a consistent danger . 
   people are dying right now because of this conflict mostly because modern muslims have a habit of killing non-muslims ( as seen by the individual ) . 
  the last thing we should do it tiptoe around this barbaric ideology . 
  [ looks like no ] ( https://globalfreedomofexpression.columbia.edu/updates/2016/02/somethings-rotten-denmark-criminalizing-blasphemy-hate-speech-law/ ) if this article is to believed . 
  i 've found several references now to a bible burning shown on the danish broadcasting corporation though all second hand . 
  lived in a few countries and britain seems pretty great to me . 
  edit : but for the record i agree on italy . 
  which as an englishman i find kind of odd - those other folks certainly are n't english . 
   i 'm not really convinced on that whole fish stocks thing : i 'd be very surprised if continued participation in the common fisheries policy is n't one of the concessions the uk makes during exit negotiations . 
  for spain it 's a no brainer and nobody wants to give spain another economic shock if they can avoid it ( recoveries tend to be fragile etc ) . 
  he 's been calling for greater force investment from other nato members since the middle of the election campaign . 
  if he 's actually caused it then it 's hardly spin . 
  thanks !, 
  he 's not the first person to say that on here - weird . 
  pretty much just the uk that still does that in europe and our head of state is just a figurehead . 
  the funny part is because of how they worked out the ` functioning of government ' section scottish and welsh devolution actually get counted against the uk . 
  the whole chart is pretty wanky , not just the uk section . 
  amen . 
  i 'd be happy with that , to be honest . 
  i like you 're attitude . 
  bit more of that we may have a brighter future . 
  asking for it to stop does n't work . 
  trust me . 
  i think the name you are looking for is the charitable industrial complex . 
  aye but it 's an option that 's more or less required to hit the 60bn figure . 
  without that up front payment you have trouble getting to 60bn without going a bit mad elsewhere . 
  so yeah i think this is probably just a start to negotiation posture - if that sort of solution is insisted upon everything will go to shit quickly . 
  fortunately i doubt that kind of foot shooting is in anybody 's interest so i do n't think we 'll see it on any final settlement . 
  but the 60bn involves paying all contingent liabilities up front regardless of need . 
  unlikely at the very least !, 
  http://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/pb_barker_brexit_bill_3feb17.pdf barker 's upper estimates are commonly being cited . 
  the 60bn estimate also includes significant payments towards theoretical eu bailouts . 
  less reasonable . 
  some of the things that 60bn includes are far from fair . 
  it 's a bloated starting point for haggling , i think , as if they actually insist on some of the weird shit in there then we may as well give up on the idea of negotiation . 
  fortunately brits and continentals on reddit wont have a great deal of influence on the proceedings . 
  if we 're on this site at this stage it 's because we love to argue . 
  depends - being poor in america is far worse than being poor in sweden or germany but there 's no place better to be average or well off . 
  the us is a much , much better place to live than / r/europe tends to understand . 
  also better purchasing power with the same money . 
  is it sad i 'm really glad it 's not ours this time ? 
   as far as the rimming , i had to google it , wish i did n't , but whatever floated his boat . 
  if it 's consenting adults it 's not really our business . 
  you 'll get a lot of results on google because it 's not uncommon . 
  they are appointed but the appointment needs to be confirmed : they are nominated for the appointment . 
   an idea i could get behind is to give the european parliament the option to propose legislations which is exactly what i 'd propose ; to quote myself a few comments higher in this chain . 
   you could improve the eu system of government immensely and make it one of the best in the world by simply letting meps draft and propose legislation . 
  the commissioners are appointed rather than elected . 
  also the vast majority of legislation comes from their offices rather than them ; literally unelected bureaucrats ( no value judgement , just an accurate description ) . 
  the parliament is mostly there just to either say yay or nay to the produce of those offices . 
  that one change would make the eu vastly more democratic . 
  err that one actually has some legs to it ; the only folks who can propose legislation are n't elected . 
  you could improve the eu system of government immensely and make it one of the best in the world by simply letting meps draft and propose legislation . 
  i really hate that . 
  also ` could you be more pacific ' .
