  he 's preaching defence of the holy land for remain . 
  huh ... 
  while we see videos of them chanting `` fuck the uk '' and throwing rocks at people and vehicles . 
  seems to be a disconnect , does n't there ? 
   because they opted out of having border checkpoints ftfy your version gives the impression that this was n't a conscious decision . 
  people are giving serious answers to your flippant comment . 
  amazing . 
  just a pretty sinister individual . 
  he turns the ` billionaire meddling in a society ' trope from conspiracy bullshit into a real thing . 
  and french people complain about calais as if it 's the british 's fault . 
  why did they let them in ? 
  you may be the hero / r/europe deserves . 
  to save embarrassment later . 
  ouch . 
  guess mass youth unemployment is there to stay . 
  they did n't even bother to rewrite it , just a couple of pages of amendments and changed the name of the document . 
  most of the changes were the removal of the eu national anthem etc. 
  `` much changed '' heh . 
   already in 2005 , they voted against the european constitutional treaty , like the french . 
  the ` you voted the wrong way - vote again and get it right this time ' attitude might just contribute to euroscepticism . 
  look at the irish and lisbon . 
  unless that changes what 's the point ? 
  the world should be grateful for french interventions of the last couple of decades . 
  they 'd rather do something than just watch a genocide in progress like the rest of us . 
  yeah wait until the remain vote comes through then the eu brings out all the stuff they 've been leaving until after the referendum , wait for the feeling of mass betrayal . 
  yeah we in the west just use fuel air bombs and other high yield munitions that give a larger reliable area of devastation . 
  yup . 
  they are also somewhat more discriminating than the fuel air bombs coalition forces were happily dropping on afghanistan . 
  i mean that 's no excuse and fuck them for using wide area targeting weapons near civilian areas but the singling out of cluster munitions is wierd considering some of the stuff we are fine with . 
  ( also some of the less than lethal methods banned under international law that force the use of lethal munitions but that 's another argument ), 
  you missed the mark - the guy you are answering is a communist . 
  while * his * description probably has more truth than a joke line should . 
  the whole twitter reads like a 4chan thread . 
  why is / pol / always leaking ? 
  there will always be idiots but my point is it 's rare enough not to be a defining behaviour for the leave crowd while ;  in calling outvoters idiots really is . 
  if one thing has damaged the remain campaign it 's the incredible smugness of it 's supporters . 
   out calling invoters traitors yeah that 's not very common . 
  i mean it 's really , really not common . 
  i do n't believe they can but if you are interested i can find no record of a referendum result ever being ignored . 
  it would be suicide at the next election . 
  the article is clickbait - sure they could ignore the result but it 's so incredibly unlikely i think we 'll see cameron break into song with a blues guitar backing first . 
  no dude - when it 's something you disagree with it 's ` populism ' . 
  democracy is reserved for things you like . 
  it 's actually a mechanism to stop one parliament banning the next or forcing the next to do something after they have been voted out . 
  papers in the early to mid 90 's . 
  please excuse me if i can not provide specific citations at this point . 
  i agree but they said our economy would be devastated if we did n't join . 
  that did n't happen , by the way . 
  good point . 
  a small number are dangerous enough that we can prove `` a genuine , present and sufficiently serious threat affecting one of the fundamental interests of society '' and deny entry . 
  think since 2010 that 's just under 0.6 % of eu migration ? 
  ( measured against gross rather than net ), 
  it 's not just a northern thing . 
  we have partial control of our borders . 
  we have absolutely no say on eu migration across our borders . 
  it 's not just modern politics in this case - the same groups told us that not joining the euro was an economic death sentence then told us that the erm was our saviour then that leaving the erm was going to doom us . 
  when you have grown up listening to them get it wrong pretty much every time you do n't put too much stock in their words any more . 
  neither leave nor remain have any idea what 's coming next either way . 
  who specifically are `` we '' and `` they '' in this crazed sentence ? 
  it normally means ` democracy voting for something i do n't like ' here . 
  the post is obviously a joke . 
  killing eu nationals will not actually be part of a uk negotiating strategy . 
  great lord above ... 
  for added fun it 's corbyn supporters complaining about the media smear campaign against him and saying without irony that this sort of thing does n't happen to pig fucker cameron . 
  i know every group has it 's dickheads but that bunch are extra special . 
  it 's what i was thinking . 
  this seems fairly straight forward to me . 
  shit but straight forward . 
  less so seeing them shoot other people . 
  the kind of person to shoot a random mp probably is n't the sort to be a great thinker . 
  this screams dangerous idiot . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  i do not think the eu will collapse if the uk leaves ( and if it 's that fragile it 's probably better we get out now , anyway ) and if it did collapse i doubt we would suddenly get an outpouring of nazis . 
  you use the term far-right nationalism but you basic message is ` if leave then nazis ' . 
  also ignoring the current rise of neo nazis which i guess are totally different from your theoretical post leave neo-nazis . 
  no i meant the v4 take the threat of russia a lot more seriously than our nations do . 
  sorry i was n't clear . 
  so ... you think a vote for leave is a vote for literally hitler ? 
  huh ? 
  the eu has n't collapsed and it 's rising quickly . 
  although i 'd divide ` far right ' and ` nationalist ' in this context - they are both rising separately as well as together . 
  you know that would have eurosceptic parties across the eu giggling to themselves . 
  ` eu punished country for daring to defy it ' that would destroy the eu . 
  on the bright side i 'm ( and the bookies are ) pretty sure we will stay in and if we did leave the eu would n't pursue such a destructive course . 
  whatever happens i 'd quite like there to be an eu here in twenty years . 
  you know that is on the rise * right now * . 
  if it 's happening in the morning , do n't blame it on the afternoon . 
  ( if anybody knows which country this phrase comes from please tell me as i ca n't for the life of me remember and i got it from somebody i game with but i ca n't remember who ), 
  disagreeing with the recent direction draghi has taken is a blip and i 'm pretty sure it will end soon as his time is nearly up . 
  wait and see who 's in next . 
  i very much get that but nations will look after their own interests first . 
  what is good for germany is not necessarily good for spanish/portuguese youth unemployment thus the current compromise . 
  in this article the author was not saying germany was dominant ; he was saying they could be , choose not to be , and if the uk left they would lose that option which would be bad for everybody . 
  this is n't entirely dissimilar to things i 've seen posted on here from german newspapers . 
  germany currently has a strong influence and much of it aligns with the british so between us as major economies we yield a large amount of control ; and it is about control - germany 's national interests and greece 's ( for example ) do not coincide at the moment . 
  if the uk leave and the political centre of gravity shifts south germany would have to exert a lot more effort to keep things moving in the direction they want . 
  edit : punctuation was - and still is - terrible in this but slightly better now . 
  just so i 'm certain are you saying that germany does have enormous power within the eu or more specifically the ecb and you were giving a reason why ? 
  the scots sure do seem to regret their decision . 
  i 'd argue that as czechoslovakia was a communist state at that stage it was aligned against us .
