  the really annoying thing about that one is the person i know who does it is an absolute genius at predictive analytics . 
  she is n't stupid . 
  no but i 'm relying the local pronunciation . 
  a little bit of me died when i got corrected on how you say fajita to fa-jee-ta . 
  one of the best things about newcastle is that it 's quite out of the way so you ca n't go there by accident . 
  a pan oh chocolate . 
  i live in the north of england . 
  arguably yes . 
  many folks who would have gone to other parts of europe made for the uk leading to a much larger influx than other countries got at the same time . 
  i 'm not sure he caused brexit but he certainly made ukip a household name . 
  me too - clegg may have been a bit ( read as : enormously ) watery but at least he does n't have the gay hate things hanging over him . 
   faster than you could say `` but i 'm not pewdiepie '' heh heh heh heh heh, 
  add ` junker ' to that list . 
  add the ability for meps to propose/draft legislation to put before the house and the eu system of government would change into something truly excellent from something painfully mediocre . 
   we can not push them away from us , but we can not let them profit from brexit , as that would be lethal for the eu . 
  that 's a pretty sane response - the eu has some pretty fragile economies in it and striking a very tough line with the uk would do some serious damage . 
  likewise seeming to reward brexit would be catastrophic . 
  i honestly do n't envy the negotiators on this one . 
   if there 's one country that can be trusted to understand the complexity of history , it 's israel . 
  taken on it 's own that quote seems fair ; read israeli and pro-israeli comments in / r/worldnews ( also palestinian but they are n't a country ) and prepare to mourn the death of nuance . 
  perhaps there 's more to the quote that makes it more poisonous . 
   particularly the change in washington puts the european union in a difficult situation ; with the new administration seeming to put into question the last 70 years of american foreign policy , that 's also not unfair . 
   his comments appear to relate to reports in january that a cloud of pollution had blown in from germany . 
  from the article . 
  he 's wrong but this is still mostly indie clickbait . 
  true but there 's bits of london ( and preston and manchester for that matter ) where i 'd not choose to walk at night as a 6 ' 3 '' man . 
  entirely expected and probably sensible to avoid any kind of shock ( however minor ) we can right now . 
  that 's metal as fuck . 
  fair play but you do n't think the scottish should leave scotland if they do n't want to be part of the uk ? 
  yeah that would be retarded ... 
  the crimeans should leave crimea ? 
  k . what were your thoughts on the scottish referendum ? 
  the people who live in crimea voted overwhelmingly for independence in the 90s and even went as far as declaring independence . 
  i have no idea if they want to be russian but they sure as fuck do n't want to be ukrainian . 
  the same can not be said of kaliningrad but they are a weird bunch of people . 
  we have every right but the odds are we will concede them ; the british fishing industry just is n't worth all that much to us any more and the cfp would be useful when negotiating . 
  if this is n't to turn into a shit-show for everybody involved then compromises will have to be made . 
  sure - they had a referendum in '91 where they voted to become an independent republic [ [ 1 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_sovereignty_referendum,_1991 ) this lead to a kerfuffle in '92 when a new constitution was written and independence declared - the ukrainian government refused to recognise the declaration [ [ 2 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_autonomous_republic_of_crimea ) and finally a referendum in '94 where the motion to restore the constitution written in '92 was passed . 
  [ [ 3 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_sovereignty_referendum,_1991 ) who knows if they really want to be russian but they sure as shit do n't want to be ukrainian . 
  that 's certainly how the separated germany became official but as you note germany had already been separated for some years by the time the gdr was created . 
  and that state of affairs was n't primarily a creation of the russians . 
  personally i 'm not too critical of the separation ( mostly scathing of what came later ) considering what the german people and state had recently orchestrated . 
  it was a bit more extreme than the treaty of versailles as a method of preventing further german aggression but also a lot more effective . 
  well it 's entirely possible that will be negotiated . 
  we do n't know what shape a final agreement will take and if both sides have n't made concessions something has gone horribly wrong . 
  well kinda - cfp did do serious damage to the uk fishing industry . 
  true enough but crimea voted overwhelmingly to leave ukraine in ' 91 . 
  that was n't exactly recognised , was it ? 
  normal poll - seriously kaliningrad is bloody weird . 
  they were pretty clear on wanting to be independent . 
  legal starts to be a pretty vague concept when and soon after getting involved in a total war . 
  i think the separation had more to do with the aftermath of germany 's little spat of genocidal expansion than legal quibbles . 
  no great patriotic war , no ussr as you know it , no meeting of soviet and allied forces and no redrawing of european maps . 
  that 's not what previous polling has shown . 
  kaliningrad is . . odd . 
   crimea goes back to its rightful owner well they tried to become independent in the 90 's but ukraine ruled they could n't ever . 
  overlooked fact of all of this ; crimea really does not wish to be part of ukraine . 
  hate to defend the soviets but germany kinda started the war that lead to german separation . 
  sorry dude . 
  err that 's pretty much how it happened . 
  hmm ca n't be applied to the uk then . 
  damn . 
  well played spain !, 
  now i wonder what lessons can be learned from their success to apply elsewhere . 
  with maybe 20 % justifying those posts . 
  i would if they did n't wilfully ignore as much as they acknowledge . 
  they have a skilful turn of phrase , i 'll give them that . 
  it 's really nicely written regardless of stand point . 
  that comments section is pure cancer though !, 
  suddenly appreciate you guys all the more . 
  it 's the question if oil prices soar again . 
  if they do it would be better and if they do n't it would be worse . 
  i think scotland would do absolutely fine outside of the union but they would n't be able to run their current structural deficit ( nearly 10 % ) as that would be crushing levels of overspending . 
  not everything is about money . 
  no because they currently receive significantly more per head back . 
  they run a larger structural deficit than the rest of the uk ( except ni but nobody minds the cost of policing ni being shared ) . 
  fair play and it 's not rude at all . 
  i still disagree that all the plus points of a devolved english parliament could n't be achieved through other means though . 
  he 's certainly unusual . 
  scotland would have been poorer leaving the uk but i doubt they 'd have minded . 
  these decisions are often not based on economics . 
  an expensive and needless answer . 
  the same thing could be accomplished at a much smaller cost with a more far reaching version of evel . 
  you seem to completely misunderstand evel . 
  currently english mps can not vote on ( for example ) devolved scottish issues but in an equivalent vote a scottish mp * can * vote on an english only issue but there is an additional veto stage . 
  mps were already unequal but not in the way you are implying . 
  edit : english parliament is an answer but i do n't think the additional cost of an additional house is really worth it down here . 
  a stronger version of evel with clear areas of devolved responsibility would achieve the same thing for about half the cost . 
  does n't bar them from the position ( no more than not being able to vote on devolved issues bars an english mp ) . 
  also it actually only adds a veto stage and does n't stop non-english mps voting on english only bills/orders . 
  do n't believe the tabloid hype . 
  a scottish pm / coe is currently unlikely due to scottish voting patterns , nothing more and nothing less ( voting for a regional party does that ) . 
   as things stand a scottish based mp can not become pm or coe due to the set up . 
  [ ahem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gordon_brown ) . 
  what do you think has changed ? 
  until relatively recently the amount of mps scotland had per head of population was higher . 
  that 's what the scottish boundary changes fixed . 
  you are basically arguing for every scottish vote to be worth dramatically more than an english vote . 
   as i said , uk policy should n't be decided on what nation has the largest population size , that 's just madness it 's not ; the nation is the uk and every vote in the uk is worth the same . 
  i 'm sorry you find it unfair that one vote is worth the same as another .
