  it 's been a while so i may be completely wrong but was n't it the way they were moving away from soviet dominion that triggered the invasion ? 
  edit : i may be entirely wrong and i ca n't currently check the wiki from this computer so please do correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  that would be so frikkin awesome . 
  they have cool hats . 
  edit : on a tangent the ukrainian riot police against protesters before the government collapsed gave us a better glimpse of organised armoured infantry against skirmishing unarmoured enemies than a thousand battle re-enactments . 
  as a history nerd it was absolutely fascinating . 
  i 'm sure this would be a lot less insightful though . 
  which western european state did the soviet union invade after the second world war ? 
   at best and his claim that the uk has been '' a disgruntled bystander '' is just flat out wrong . 
  seems accurate - british membership of the eu has been characterised more by opt outs than anything else and that continues to this day . 
   on its part , germany has for long tried to steer away from `` leading '' the eu . 
  this is a point he makes . 
   if britain leaves , that wo n't change . 
  his angle is that if britain leaves germany loses the other major economy calling for stronger fiscal discipline which may force germany to take a more forceful role . 
  it 's not as fanciful as you make out . 
  germany wont sell short it 's national interests out of misplaced politeness . 
  you believe an external threat did nothing to keep the west working together ? 
  why did their behaviour suddenly change , then ? 
  he specifically speaks against that assessment . 
  do you believe that germany does n't have enormous power within the eu or more specifically the ecb ? 
  err he said it 's not like 1914 or 1939 . 
  he mentions them to quash comparisons instead raising 1815 where we were allies with germany ( or prussia at least as part of the coalition ) . 
  he 's specifically saying the opposite of the way you read it . 
  indeed and it was unlikely for a good part of the cold war ; once the maths of mad set into folks minds neither side wanted to be the one to start it . 
   yes , but still i do n't think it is particularly conducive to the alliance to constantly push your rhetorics against your allies . 
  perhaps i 'm being stupid but i 'm not sure what you mean by this sentence , can you rephrase it or provide context ? 
  your entire post that started this comment chain was speculation ; you speculate that europe would quickly descend into chaos and conflict without the eu , an assessment that i disagree with . 
  the developed world is largely without conflict outside of the eu and has been for some time . 
  that works on the assumption we want to get rid of it . 
  most of us do n't ( although these days would respect their wishes if they no longer did wish to be a part of the uk ) so it does n't really apply . 
  agree strongly but they are still cautious enough to want to provide a united front . 
  think the v4 are a little less sanguine than we are . 
  i 'd recommend reading his other stuff too . 
  putin has lately been providing the same service . 
  either way you do n't really need an external threat to pull you together during the fat years ( when we did n't have one ) it 's the lean years where it shows it 's value . 
  you tout the eu as primarily a place for negotiation but we have plenty of those . 
  it 's the steady climb towards being a confederated super state that has some folks worried . 
  i do not believe germany will start using force to push through trade negotiations , for example . 
  agree wholeheartedly . 
  i back the french police to the hilt however heavy handed they feel they need to be . 
  i think you overstate the impact of leaving the eu . 
  if scotland had voted for independence it would have been a headache but that 's all - we would n't have stopped talking to them we 'd have just used different rooms . 
  same with europe . 
  our trade is now pretty crazily interlinked , we are pretty much all members of nato , we are all under the echr . 
  1930s europe we are not and wont be . 
  arguably the soviet union did more to keep western europe peaceful than the eu . 
  i find the core of his arguments quite persuasive but i 'm not sure it can be broken out of it 's malaise . 
  and rightly so - the english fans were n't arming themselves for the most part . 
  i was more on about the french mobs we 're seen . 
  ca n't judge too harshly as we 've done the same before . 
  not a conspiracy but the french police have been a lot less heavy handed with ( for example ) french groups . 
  i 'm not arguing that the england fans should n't have been treated as they were ( they deserved it ) but not applying the same boot-to-neck strategy to others is a bit crappy . 
  i understand that doing it to england fans will probably be a lot less contentious ( even many of the english support it ) but come on ... 
  my flair was the yorkshire one with ` god 's own county ' as the tag . 
  permaban . 
  to be fair to them i should have read the sidebar better but it 's the local name for this place . 
   more a load of fear tactics to terrify the elderly ( and quite a sizeable demography ) vote into submission . 
  all sounding familiar ... 
  thing is that place * is * a twat kingdom . 
  it 's got no pretentions of being anything but a twat kingdom and is largely populated by folks in on the joke . 
  this place can go absolute circlejerk without ever realising it . 
  i also disagree ; / r/thedonald is a lot more self aware than this place - quite a few of them know they are parody , 
  getting banned there is easy . 
  what a bunch of dickheads . 
  especially with greece , spain and portugal languishing in misery it would be a pretty hard sell to a country that would n't be guaranteed subsidy surplus . 
  nah this place has a remain slant ( not a big one and nothing like / r/unitedkingdom so there 's more hostility one way than the other . 
  if you want to see a leave slant see / r/ukpolitics . 
  it 's crazy in there . 
  heh at the moment everybody is being careful not to rock the boat . 
  that will change very quickly next week . 
  integration ? 
  all the unpopular shite they did n't want to put out first ? 
  well that 's got to have been queuing up . 
  jokes aside when we inevitably vote remain i 'll be interested to see what everybody has been holding back until after the referendum . 
  when it clocks round to the uk i 'm totally game for this . 
  can tell this is fiction . 
   journalists are reporting about spontaneous street parties , that 's not how we do things . 
  got to say i like this fictional juncker much more than the real one . 
  he could make something up if that would make you happy but he still has no idea what cameron and his government would do nor would he be invited to the conversation . 
  i do n't think you understand that he would have absolutely no say in what happens next . 
  short of time travel i 'm not sure what other options there are ... 
  it 's quite refreshing to hear somebody admit ignorance rather than make shite up for once and claim it as gospel truth . 
  france has made back to back deployments across africa in the last decade and they have done it efficiently and effectively . 
  folks have complained about their conduct in central african republic but i doubt anybody has claimed things would have been better if they had n't intervened . 
  thank god the french still do their part around the world - if they took the same attitude most of europe has over the last couple of decades ( wring hands , look unhappy , strongly condemn , do nothing ) quite a few places would be in a much worse state . 
  as a brit it pains me to say this but ... we could all try to be a bit more like the french where this is concerned . 
  but most of europe wont do that as hand wringing and messages of condemnation are pretty damned cheap . 
  you know he 's not part of the decision making process for what would happen next ? 
  he 's not in government . 
  that would be the head of remain . 
  edit : cameron wont say and wont plan because he is the head of remain and wants to create as much uncertainty as he can . 
  he 's playing to win . 
  breaking news !, 
  nigel farage is not an oracle nor would he be heading up any kind of decision making post brexit ( that would be the head of remain ) - shock expos\u00e9 !, 
  and it 's islamic state that were eradicating minority groups . 
  edit : i doubt they have stopped . 
  the big differences are currency and national debt . 
  there is no equivalent to that headache where uk/eu relations are concerned . 
  scotland would do just fine outside of the uk but the split would be a complete bloody mess . 
  the interesting part is that as the rest of the uk is so close it might be the scottish vote that causes a remain win .
