  edit : meh mean eurozone more than eu - the eu could survive with relatively minor fiscal transfer but the eurozone needs to start it in a big way and start it soon . 
  that time is today on many borders across the world . 
  wishful thinking , i guess . 
  it 's what i 'd do . 
  kind of - except in the brexit runup the ` promises ' were n't made by people in power nor people with any serious prospect of power . 
  [ this pretty much sums it up ] ( http://newsthump.com/2016/09/05/nigel-farage-accuses-theresa-may-of-breaking-his-promises/ ) . 
  it may be satire but it works . 
  as somebody who lives in the north of england these days i completely agree . 
  the north is characterised by shit places beginning with b. 
  that would have been accurate at the time . 
  you seriously ca n't hold them to account for the public 's vote in a referendum , can you ? 
  correct . 
  always . 
   lies from both the scottish independence referendum what were the lies ? 
  i do n't remember either side saying anything concrete enough to be truth or a lie . 
  vague predictions or dreams do n't count . 
  nah it 'll happen and it 'll be a hard brexit just because 2 years is n't nearly long enough to get 27 governments to agree on more than a breakfast menu . 
  whatever anybody intends it 's going to be full departure with lots of silly rhetoric on each side . 
  may it never be forgotten . 
   overall , i kind of like the fact that the british are doing these kinds of in-depth surveys of the voters , not just their political preferences in terms of party politics or given yes/no question on immigration but more deeply-researched efforts to map out the electorate as it stands . 
  i think at the moment various organisations are trying to figure out why the polls are badly wrong each time . 
  there 's the beauty of brexit - everybody can now pursue the course they wish without another blocking them . 
  now if only we could find some way to damp down the bizarre rage and bitterness we could all get on with this like adults . 
  with the way half the folks here act you 'd think each brit had personally murdered one of their beloved family pets . 
  edit : got to add that i wish some brits would stop acting like we 'd somehow conquered europe by voting leave . 
  it 's equally pathetic . 
  well while we were in the eu almost nobody needed to . 
  situation where citizen does n't really matters into situation where it does . 
  example ? 
  not how i remember it . 
  did anybody believe that , though ? 
  he wont be part of any decision making and the article title is clickbait . 
  `` the financial passport is part of full access to the eu market and a precondition for that is the contribution to the eu budget . '', 
  well if that 's the only hurdle does n't sound so insurmountable now , does it ? 
  i personally think no arrangements of any consequences will happen during the article 50 two year period but mostly because i 've never even heard rumour of the eu negotiating even simple things within two years and this is far from simple . 
  it 's going to be a hard brexit and while there will be lots of rhetoric from both sides the reality will be that getting 27 countries to agree to any deal will be more or less impossible . 
  because the british government lacks the diplomatic clout of giants like peru and venezuela . 
  thanks !, 
  i want the necklace :(, 
  nobody really needs to go down - he 's saying if nobody adapts and everything stays as it is . 
  the calculation is just as-is minus some stuff . 
  thus freedom of movement , no money . 
  oh i do n't take it personally but if / u/dfractalh disagrees with you you will always find your post down one . 
  it was him specifically i was talking about as the downvote because disagree thing is reddit cancer . 
  i 'm a eurosceptic in / r/europe so i 'm well acquainted with downvotes . 
  yes . 
  justifiable fear , too . 
  we are n't supporting assad . 
  not in the digital sphere and the commission has been quite ok with geoblocking of digital/entertainment services up until recently . 
  it 's a very interesting and potentially good decision ( albeit one plagued with potential second order consequences ) but i 'm not alone in thinking brexit may have prompted the final enforcement of some ` feelgood ' initiatives that have been mired for years . 
  the funny thing for me is that brexit seems to be prompting a desire for reform that may create the sort of eu i would have voted to remain in . 
  the depressing kind of funny . 
  but he 's bombing urban areas !, 
  ^ please ^ ignore ^ the ^ rebels ^ eating ^ hearts ^ and ^ chopping ^ off ^ heads, 
  just handy with a downvote button . 
  they were before the russians started helping out . 
  we are n't backing our proxies as strongly as the russians are backing theirs so our proxies are at a disadvantage . 
  we are n't willing to make the jump to direct intervention either . 
  they are already leaving as part of the uk . 
  so which country has to leave next to inspire the next steps towards the single digital market that would make the eu a creation of pure awesome ? 
  well they are n't wrong . 
  assad is winning . 
  pinning demands on him being thrown to the wolves is hardly useful . 
  * had no culture . 
  it 's grown it 's own now . 
  i know you are probably joking but that circlejerk annoys the hell out of me . 
  i would envision it as a joint task group with harmonised command , control and logistics . 
  a fully integrated non-national armed force would be an incredibly hard sell . 
  unfortunately the vast majority are sunnis . 
  `` if all of our sunnis stopped being sunnis and started being some other denomination that 's less militant it would solve the issue '' err yes . 
  yes it would . 
  they ignored it for months and some * still * have n't put up any solid border barrier . 
  it did n't start in a day , there was a slow ramp up while they dithered . 
  nothing magical about the 2 % figure but i was more making a comment on how many nations meet their obligations . 
  yes it 's more of an issue of perceptions than reality - the real culprit was n't the eu itself but the nations that made up schengen . 
  but public perception here pretty much has schengen and the eu as one and the same . 
  wait until they see how much armed forces cost . 
  the enthusiasm may wane quickly when somebody else is n't picking up the tab . 
  the us have been paying our share for quite a while . 
  the us would n't have quite such a dominating position over all of this if other eu nations had significant militaries . 
  but that costs money . 
  so how many eu states currently meet their 2 % nato commitment ? 
  well done poland and greece . 
  i have a feeling an eu army would be equally neglected . 
  the inability to control borders played a part in brexit . 
  had the migrant crisis been handled rather than ignored i 'm pretty confident the vote result would have been different ( it painted a pretty dim picture of eu competence ) . 
  so you would say more than two years ? 
  you devious bastards !, 
  i will tell my people of this treachery . 
  should i ever escape this box . 
  if it 's ever finalised . 
  to be fair polling since has shown it too . 
  everybody is delusional . 
  since when has the eu negotiated * anything * in two years . 
  the idea that there will be any agreement after 2 years of any sort is a joke . 
  it 's going to be a hard brexit just based on institutional momentum if nothing else . 
  have you read this sub ? 
  it will rest with the parliament though - requires unanimous support and every eu nation has different interests . 
  it 's why negotiations with the eu either take a decade or fail altogether . 
  i doubt article 50 negotiations will be any different from any other negotiations the eu is involved with .
