  i 'm honestly not sure - if things do kick off again it will polarise everything and make any kind of referendum being called highly unlikely . 
  it 's not messenger shooting but more of an observation that the indy is mostly catering to a market of folks who fundamentally dislike the uk and so what they print to that effect should be taken with a pinch of salt . 
  when fox news posts something pro trump my instinct is n't listen and believe , same shite applies here . 
  i wonder what happened that made the indy start hating the uk and i wonder if they noticed that was n't a winning sales strategy as a british newspaper . 
  edit : the replies to this comment are pure / r/europe at it 's worst . 
  is are very , very clear about what they are getting into . 
  dabiq was an eye opener to me ; they are much more honest about the is than you 'd assume . 
  and there i thought you meant post traumatic stress terrorism . 
   ` reached the bottom but keep digging ' as we say . 
  love it . 
  fianna f\u00e1il branded them as traitors and the blanket pardon given recently was n't without opposition . 
  it was still divisive in 2012 among irish politicians but i guess if irish politicians are as out of touch with their own populace as british ones then that means next to nothing . 
   however there were many men who joined the british army , a divisive decision even today it horrifies me that this could be divisive at this stage considering everything we know about the power they joined up to fight . 
  they joined an army that would mistreat them coming from a nation that would mistreat them if they did so all to do their part in fighting against one of the few genuinely evil regimes we 've seen in europe for quite a long time . 
  if that is n't a fine example of heroism i do n't know what is . 
  i think we can forgive the irish having a dim view of the uk . 
  for the same reason it 's not a phobia if it 's rational . 
  well this is good news for germany . 
  at least it would be if they followed the uk policy of targeted killings . 
  [ laughs in disbelieving british ], 
  but i 'd assume you do n't think conscription is universally evil ? 
  the uk government has promised to guarantee the rights of eu citizens in the uk when a reciprocal offer is made . 
  that 's about as fair as you can get . 
  it would be irresponsible to make the guarantee without something in place for their own citizens if there is even a possibility that it may have an impact on that guarantee being offered by the other country . 
  the issue is that although this is something that will be discussed on a state by state basis ( as it 's a competency retained by the individual states and not an eu issue ) task has requested there be no discussion of it . 
  tldr : the uk has tried to sort it out and is willing to sort it out at any time , they are n't setting any additional catches beyond equal treatment ( if you can even call that a catch ) . 
  the bbc article is entirely correct and has reported it accurately . 
  a lack of understanding of the uk parliamentary system could make it confusing though , i guess . 
  that 's the correct terminology for what just happened . 
  the uk media is assuming a level of familiarity with the uk political system . 
  the government 's bill did not pass the house of lords intact . 
  foreign residency in each country is under the remit of individual states . 
  it will not be the eu making this decision but the individual states . 
  those competencies have n't been given away . 
  then you are confident the eu is now on a straight path to full federation ? 
   there is no john wayne of europe and there never will be . 
  you just made me very sad . 
  there will be no support during the negotiations but for the rest ? 
  wait and see . 
  if you think euroscepticism is going to vanish and obstructions to an ever closer europe are going to disappear then i have a bridge to sell you ... 
  it 's a classic lie - if we can just purge these counter-revolutionary elements we will live in a paradise . 
  tell the people of iraq this . 
  once their country was the jewel of the world 's civilisations . 
  i think we need to get the progress in now before scarcity of natural resources ( especially water ) causes a new chain of regional conflicts . 
  will be interesting to see as the uk were never the only voice arguing that side . 
   a certain member from throwing a tantrum over the possibility of being left in the outer circle funny story ; we were never alone . 
  this is something i think quite a few people are going to soon discover when the uk leave and all the eu 's problems do n't vanish . 
  still better than ours ( bbc excluded ) . 
  or the dems did n't ignore most of the states in favour of their candidate campaigning in only a few ( most of which were autowins ) while the reps flew trump pretty much everywhere . 
  they knew how the electoral college system worked so they really screwed up strategically . 
  i assume you are n't familiar with the uk the daily telegraph . 
  what 's sauce for the goose is not necessarily sauce for the gander . 
  nah it 's just used as an easy slur to undermine the credibility of anybody who disagrees with you . 
  it 's the new ` shill ' . 
  the guardian is a much better publication when it comes to the accuracy of it 's reporting . 
  it 's every bit as bad when it comes to the massive editorialising of it 's content but even at it 's worst the paper is much better than the two above ( albeit it 's online section comment is free is cancerous ) . 
  that 's why i stopped reading the guardian a few years ago and started reading the times . 
  not sure why i responded to a shitty mudslinging post but hey ho . 
  yup . 
  journalistic responsibility died a long time ago here . 
  the fact that red ales are so prevalent in ireland alone marks it as superior to my home country and the uk produces some damned good ales so that 's no small compliment . 
  in this case the source is from the telegraph . 
  which is basically like reading a comic but with more intolerance . 
  i assume you are n't familiar with the uk papers the daily mail and the daily telegraph . 
  for the telegraph and daily mail it pretty much does . 
  they seem to always have the perfect quote to back up any point they wish to make but safely immune to scrutiny . 
  i 've added an explanation when i noticed you edit - i thought your post was a joke on what i was saying . 
  for the record your ` source ? ', 
  post actually did work as a pretty good joke reply . 
  [ citation provided ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wfeq5/theresa_may_to_end_eu_citizens_rights_to_live_in/de9p9mt/?st=iznx6n2t&amp;sh=97552a3f ) edit : ok as it was n't a joke response i 'll give a real answer - as nobody can prove a negative and it either is ( or is written to come across as ) an offhand and unofficial comment be somebody with no seniority claimed - there 's no real possible reputation risk . 
  it would be very hard to prove none of the 40k folks employed by the uk government said this . 
   so much hate by talking about facts . 
  you have an / r/unitedkingdom level lack of self awareness . 
  i 'm with you - i think the majority of those that voted leave still want close relations with the rest of europe and remain voters obviously do . 
  this message seems to have got lost somewhere between us and our government , though . 
  hey if you want to keep your hatewank going , be my guest . 
  but i notice that this sub will ridicule the telegraph as a source unless it backs up a narrative and then it 's trustworthy . 
  i 've just pointed out there 's absolutely no evidence for the validity of something being treated as gospel fact , if you take exception with that then that 's your issue . 
  be well and go with my best wishes . 
  i think you meant to respond to a different comment as that makes no sense as an answer to mine . 
  the qe class were either post dreadnaughts or super-dreadnaughts ( as they were know at the time ) so probably would n't qualify . 
  also considered by some to be the first fast battleships though they barely resembled those that would come later . 
  the classifications are rather arbitrary . 
  it 's not an official statement , has no citation , and may in fact be entirely made up . 
  to be fair the quote comes from an anonymous source ( normally code for ` made up ' ) so take it with a pinch of salt . 
  reucist, 
  considering the inefficiency of farming and industry during that period the surplus a ship like that represented was pretty staggering . 
  double fun for how little the design of galleys had changed in the thousands of years between their first creation and when galleys stopped being a thing in the 1600 's . 
  amazing stuff . 
  i did n't really want the last one but i get your point . 
  if the end result of the exercise is to cause an early breakdown of negotiations , sure . 
  high end settlements might make sense if it 's to cover other things agreed but as the opening ? 
  yeah that just seems crazy . 
  well key parts of the report * do * read as alternative facts . 
  but to reach the 60bn figure you need to tack on some quite questionable expenses and contingencies . 
  i agree that the uk will pay for the commitments it has made but that does n't add up to 60bn . 
  now imagine if we 'd voted remain but a year later were calling another referendum . 
  the scottish neverendum continues . 
  if they want a referendum let them vote for it and let them take it and if they vote to leave then we have no right to impose a nation they do n't want to be in upon them so let 's help with a swift , fair and just exit arrangement possibly on the generous side because we are so closely interlinked if we hurt them we hurt outselves . 
  no needs for wailing and gnashing of teeth .
