  i do not . 
  certainly not in any recognisable form . 
  so true . 
  and your english is superb . 
  so the peace deal should be scuppered ... for peace ? 
  ireland would be loath to take on the costs of running and policing northern ireland - keeping order in that place is difficult when it 's a minority that disagree with the status quo , see what it 's like when you flip it to the majority ? 
  one-size-fits-all solutions are great until they do n't fit . 
  in this case it would likely end in bodies in the streets . 
  could be - but without a crystal ball you have no way of know what the end result will be . 
  that could be interesting - who would crew the ships ? 
  which ships would they commission and from whom ? 
  would it come out of the current eu budget or would they demand more ? 
  if the eu dissolved what would happen to them ? 
  i 'll keep a look out for it . 
  1,269501 more people voted for leave than remain . 
  or roughly 4 % of the total . 
   2 % more votes as you said is just plain inaccurate . 
  it 's going to be difficult in the short to mid term , for certain . 
  but what will the world look like in 30 years time ? 
  may i have a loan of your crystal ball ? 
  ( also it 's roughly 8 % or 4 % more depending on which stats you are comparing ) . 
  but that 's my point - this sort of cross party decision is exactly the sort of thing direct democracy is good for . 
  representative democracy will never really reflect the will of the people on things like this . 
  so that 's the case for it ( it allows large decisions that can not be meaningfully made within the party framework ) what would be your case against it ? 
  i ca n't find any references to it , could n't help me out , could you ? 
  just the european maritime force which is just a framework for ships from the state navies to work together . 
  that 's what happened with ukip . 
  either way that would more or less guarantee that the end result was remain even if the majority of the uk population wished for leave . 
  in the last uk election which party would you vote for for brexit ? 
  say , for example , you find ukip 's policies unpleasant and could not in good conscience vote for them . 
  conservatives : remain labour : remain lib dems : remain snp : remain ukip : leave, 
  it 's the guardian . 
  if a tree fall in the forest and there 's nobody there to hear it they blame the tories for deforestation . 
  what other way is there to decide an issue like this ? 
  voting for it can not be done on party lines so conventional representative democracy is fairly useless . 
  in the case of northern ireland i think protecting the on going peace agreement is more important than arbitrary lines in the sand . 
  i think ireland is a special case . 
   the eu have a naval force to combat that . 
  the uk does n't ... huh ? 
  that 's completely backwards - the uk does have a blue water navy and the eu does n't . 
  france does , the uk does , the eu does not . 
  and the eurosceptics that proposed we should leave anyway after the previous referendum were cunts too . 
  unlike you i do not hold the same position as them . 
  in this case unless you have a gift for prophesy , time will tell . 
  you really did n't - seen too many remainers talk about how we should , in fact , not leave the eu regardless of the referendum result . 
  the 48 % `` i know we lost but could everybody just pretend we won and act accordingly ? '', 
  the contempt for democracy is strong . 
  i love the guardian . 
  tories move towards austerity : fucking tories !, 
  why are n't they spending ? 
  national debt does n't matter !, 
  tories move away from austerity : fucking tories !, 
  why are they spending ? 
  they have no plan !, 
  it 's currently cheaper to borrow money than it 's pretty much ever been and the uk economy will soon be in a position where stimulus spending could be effective - if ever there was a time for capital/infrastructure investment it 's now and that 's what hammond was proposing . 
  let 's hope we get it . 
  i wonder which eu nation would vote against this . 
  the 48 % : `` my wishes are more important than the 52 % and i believe i should democratically count for more than one person . '', 
  because may would be relying on a very specific bit of our non-static constitution ( royal prerogative ) to give her the authority to do so and there 's some debate as to whether it actually does grant her that authority . 
  holy false dichotomy , batman !, 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i shudder to think what form it would take . 
  but here 's the magic of having your courts as the highest arbitrators ( a trait the uk shares with many but not all developed nations ) ; if the court decides a parliament vote is required , the government wont be able to invoke article 50 legally without changing the law ( which would also require a parliamentary vote ) . 
  so the answer is ` maybe , let 's see what the courts decide ' . 
  basically the chief of the metropolitan police which is the police force for the greater london area . 
  til turkey has it 's own boris johnson . 
  err might not have been entirely the irish . 
  * shuffles feet awkwardly *, 
  the eu coast and border guard are functionally a ferry service - that 's the role they 've been playing in the current situation . 
  they will continue to do so , too . 
  for the rest of it ? 
  let 's wait and see - we 've all heard bold claims in the past . 
  i hope i 'm wrong to be cynical . 
  he gets dressed down every time he says something of substance and the media gets told it 's not policy . 
  so [ here 's a representation of his current place ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/x/funny-pug-dog-dog-house-sad-fall-rain-44485988.jpg ), 
  being told off by the un but not a peep from the echr on the matter of abortion itself . 
  ireland have been taken to task by the echr for contravening their own laws which allow abortion to save the mother . 
  basically because abortion is legal in ireland the route to access it has to be safe and neither cruel nor inhumane . 
  the echr does not defend the right to an abortion . 
  the moral and legal arguments are a little more complicated than you make out . 
  uk example ; if i assault a woman who is two and a half months pregnant with the intention of causing her to miscarry and cause her to miscarry i will be charged with both assault ( in whatever form the charge takes ) and child destruction for killing an unborn baby . 
  the child is granted legal protection separate from the mother . 
  i believe the above is fair and just and i doubt anybody would argue that the destruction of the child is not incredibly immoral separate from any harm inflicted on the mother . 
  if the mother makes a premeditated decision to cause a miscarriage at two and a half months via whichever channel of abortion is used it is specifically exempted from child destruction so the child is given separate protection unless it is the mother initiating it 's destruction . 
  many other nations would charge a manslaughter or murder equivalent depending on the situation and would directly recognise the child as not only alive but something separate that can both be killed and treated as the death of a human for that killing . 
  personally i 'm pro choice because i do n't hold human life to be sacred and it 's an expedient solution to a whole host of issues . 
  the next argument would be when in the pregnancy termination can take place - would you argue that termination was morally acceptable a week before due date ? 
  that would n't be a negotiation with the eu primarily and also ca n't start usefully until we legally leave the eu . 
  that is an issue that will still be there however long we wait and wont really be part of the article 50 negotiations . 
  the eu 's obligations/commitments to the wto are badly out of date ( having entirely failed to update them since then ) so yeah , waiting wont really help . 
  one thing the uk could n't do is wait indefinitely . 
  unless poland and italy leave the eu the fundamental issue is still going to be there : no freedom of movement ** or ** membership of the single market , ca n't have both . 
  as we ca n't have freedom of movement we also ca n't have market access . 
  that makes brexit a comparatively simple agreement to make . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but it was just an advisory vote , right ? 
  what a crappy article . 
  as the eu will not negotiate anything until article 50 is invoked what leverage does the writer imagine the uk had on that ? 
  as the eu has several groups that will veto anything but a hard brexit if full freedom of movement is n't granted and it 's not really a brexit if full freedom of movement is retained then let 's get it over with . 
  it 's going to be a hard brexit and maybe we can get something through that changes that in the distant future . 
  almost nothing will be worked out and we 'll go our separate ways politically .
