  i have no idea if it 's equally deserved . 
  england , wales and northern ireland also are not being consulted . 
  this is a united kingdom issue which all of the above are included in . 
  the uk does n't have a static constitution but we have bodies of law that make up our constitution . 
  i 'll bow to your knowledge on this one but i 'd assume the 80 % figure came without the qualifiers ` if it led to noticeable tax increases and a spate of terrorism ' . 
  the british royals relinquished their power in return for debt relief , last time . 
  no warring to remove that one . 
  much of the uk would jump at the chance of dropping northern ireland and the roi would be reluctant to take it ; that place costs a frikkin fortune to police . 
  a very decent gesture . 
  interesting but in a bit of a no win situation - having a devolved parliament and still having mps means one of those has to give . 
  the regional parliaments are intended for regional decisions while the regions retain mps for whole of uk decisions that may impact them . 
  surely it would be for a regions mps to make any consultation with the relevant regional parliament ? 
  what will be will be . 
  is it ? 
  scotland have westminster representatives for exactly this sort of decision ( uk rather than scotland ) . 
  expecting double representation is rather odd . 
  exactly , it 's a very good thing . 
  the rule of law is more important than the result of an advisory referendum even if it means i do n't get what i voted for . 
  i voted leave but in the uk constitutional framework parliament is the highest authority and the creep of prerogative powers over the last two decades needs to be halted ( one of the strengths of the british system traditionally has been the relatively weak executive ) . 
  basically i 'm for brexit but i 'm far more for the rule of law and if upholding the rule of law means no brexit then so be it , i would consider it a worthy sacrifice . 
  as expected and rightfully so . 
  in uk constitutional law parliament is the highest authority in the land unless royal retained privilege is invoked . 
  for once working as intended ( thank god ) . 
  worked out as well as can be expected to be honest . 
  yes and no . 
  the person i was replying to was painting this as a noble young verses evil old issue . 
  when the truth was interested old verses uninterested young . 
  less glamorous , for certain . 
  looks like around 64 % when compared with around 90 % . 
  64 % is not a stellar turnout . 
  less than two in every three when compared with nine in every ten . 
  but i guess than means more young folks voted leave than expected . 
  how awkward . 
  they are free karma . 
  post anti uk comic , receive upvotes . 
  you paint the young with a noble brush when so few of them bothered to vote ; turnout rates for 18-25 seem to have been through the floor . 
  more over 65s voted for remain than under 25s did and there 's far more under 25s . 
   the old and the ignorant have spoken implying anybody who disagrees with you is ignorant . 
  i wonder why folks like you could n't win people over ? 
  insulting everybody who disagrees with you failed for hillary too . 
   by forcing the world out and letting scotland go support for independence does n't seem to have changed in scotland . 
  i know this does n't go with your narrative but i thought it 's worth mentioning . 
  for english nationalist ideas you 'll notice a successful scottish nationalist party and a successful welsh nationalist party but no the english ? 
  never receives much traction here . 
  but that does n't fit your narrative either , does it ? 
  a thought to reflect on . 
  they do make the relationship seem rather abusive , do n't they ? 
  the uk said if no agreement could be reached that acting as a tax haven may be a fall back option but made it clear that this was a least favourite approach . 
  it 's hardly a plan a. 
   i hate my country . 
  may i recommend / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  i quite like the look of this remake of 300 . 
  doubt the populists are the issue - getting ireland to vote against ireland 's economic model will be a much greater challenge . 
  have tried an induction hob but with gas i can very finely tune the size of the flame . 
  i guess if i got more used to induction i would have had similar finesse ? 
  well now that country 's out of the way the issue will be fixed , i assume ? 
  i 'm cooking dinner in a gas cooker at the moment - not from a bottle but from a mains pipe . 
  seriously having used electric and gas cookers you 'd really need to bribe me to go back to electric . 
  we tried that but all our tax revenue went to ireland where they charged them 0.005 % or the netherland and belgium where they were charging significantly less than us . 
  because we may not have that option . 
  to be fair i think that 's an ` if we have no other path we 'll go for that one ' rather than a threat . 
  the race is already on if you take even a glance at the netherlands , ireland , and belgium for example . 
  and do n't even get them started on the state 's super hero ; florida man . 
  that glorious shit-eating grin . 
  but germany got enough that the change of attitude to economic aid and debt relief as soon as they themselves no longer needed them is a little unwholesome . 
  especially when they , the uk and france largely reap the benefits of the situation . 
  tangent aside germany were ok with this sort of aid when they were also the recipient and not so much when they were n't . 
  should be entirely in line as that 's the us government release figures as far as i know . 
  possibly - the german wiki sources it 's information from the same source the marshall foundation used ( a bit of research has led me to believe their figures - the official disposition - seem to be widely disputed ) and the english wiki values come from a book called the marshall plan fifty years later by martin a schain ( and a couple more minutes researching makes it look like his figures are also widely disputed ) . 
  well that 's awkward looks like nobody can agree . 
  edit : clarification, 
  english wiki [ seems to disagree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan#expenditures ) ( curse of crowdsourcing , i guess ) greece 376 million west germany 1448 million, 
  any other brits find this funny considering the trouble everybody here is having getting a train into a london at the moment ? 
  from china is no problem , it 's from reading that 's impossible !, 
  but germany ( or west germany specifically ) did get nearly 4 times what greece did . 
  greece was utterly trashed by the occupation ( seriously ravaged ) and was vastly poorer to start with . 
  either way germany now has very strong views on debt relief and aid while calmly ignoring quite how much they had to rely on it not so long ago . 
  what did greece get ? 
  also they simply cover up anything that would put the government in a bad light and arrest anybody who talks about it . 
  shhh do n't mention that !, 
  germany pulled themselves up by their bootstraps ^ ^ please ^ ^ ignore ^ ^ all ^ ^ the ^ ^ help !, 
  always a little bit more - the troika . 
  too far , man , too damned far . 
  and yet i still have facebook friends that support corbyn to the hilt and insist he will lead us to the promised land . 
  i 've never heard a good explanation for why they think tories4corbyn existed . 
  plentiful water means it would make a great refuelling station . 
  getting out of the gravity well is quite a challenge and it would be a massive boost to local space travel if you did n't have to carry all of the fuel for a mission out of said gravity well . 
  pretty much . 
  they believe some behaviours and activities could do with a little hampering . 
  quite the opposite in the case of the left leave groups . 
  we ( the west ) probably need to stop waging a proxy war in syria before we try to take the moral high ground on this one . 
  we russia needs to be confronted ( especially regarding ukraine ) but afterwards we need to do more than a little soul searching ourselves . 
  with the arming of the syrian rebels etc it 's not just been russia that have been engaging in cold war era proxy war . 
  i think biden 's half right . 
  does it ? 
  look almost identical to me . 
  also both publications wonder why they are dying . 
   because a lot of the pro brexit think that the uk is still the british empire . 
  and lo he built a man from straw and proceeded to have a fight with it . 
  lived in the uk about two thirds of my life and i 've never met anybody who still thinks we are an empire who was younger than 80 and most of the ones i did meet are dead at this stage because they were 80 and it was 20 years ago .
