  the p-700 was designed to break through the rather less effective defences of the 70 's and the emerging aegis systems of the 80 's , the 90 's saw the aegis system gain the phased-array radars that allowed them to pick up sea skimming targets ( these missiles were designed in an era where nobody could do that ) with some reliability . 
  the paams system on the type 45 is somewhat more capable than the 90 's aegis systems ( though not up to the standard of the current gen us systems ) so should give the type 45 a reasonable chance against anything but a very large strike . 
  of course if they were actually going to shoot at it they 'd use a very large strike . 
  whoa . 
  it would n't even require the removal of freedom of movement to nail a second referendum to the wall for remain - just a limit to the scale of it . 
  a number of p-700s are currently in use , irc , spread across a few ships and installations . 
  one of the major uses of a missile is the threat potential it creates ; in this case probably one of the reasons we sent a type 45 dd - it 's got reasonable odds of surviving a medium saturation attack by this sort of weapon . 
  by the mere existence of that sort of missile russia have shaped british actions in the black sea ( use of an expensive and limited asset rather than a more plentiful one ) . 
  edit : me no spel gud, 
  well if you have the hardware , may as well put it to use . 
  it would have been quite an interesting ship if fully fitted out . 
  it was a classic compromise design full of features both experimental and obsolete . 
  the idea is already there - we have a specific treaty banning it . 
  because we agreed not to and so far have n't broken the agreement . 
   the aim is to prolong the war huh . 
  i thought we were the ones supplying materiel to the rebels . 
  i get the author 's point but russia is going about extending the conflict an odd way by creating a dominating faction . 
  seems odd - we 've had quite a few issues with non-eu doctors and nurses but i do n't know of many eu issues . 
  there you go , i 've corrected the terminology for you . 
  but it 's pretty clear he did actually take those files . 
  i do n't think it 's stretching accuracy to call him a criminal considering how many times he 's talked about his reasons for doing it . 
   this current migrant crisis is the practice test for what we 're going to see in the future . 
  and so far , we 're failing . 
  what we need to do is establish much stricter border security . 
  not just that but we need to properly record our citizens so that merely getting over the border does little good . 
  either way if we wish our societies and standards of living to survive we need to start now . 
  good on norway . 
  i do n't think you stop being an internationally wanted ~ ~ criminal ~ ~ ** person with criminal charges pending ** at awards ceremonies . 
  edited : corrected terminology . 
  addition in bold . 
  can you think of any that could n't ? 
  why can you not flush a toilet at night ? 
  amusingly what happened here will probably be a one off again for a while . 
  you won us over with your earnest cheerfulness . 
  keep it up , we love you . 
  100 % satire . 
  i think he 's getting downvoted due to poor english comprehension among the readers here , sadly . 
   we will ship those immigrants across the mediterranean and back into mexico . 
  merkel will pay for the wall . 
  she has to , believe me . 
  golden . 
  can never into that space :(, 
  the vote is n't held separately by area - it was a decision for the population of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  my house voted majority remain - which is also irrelevant . 
  those bastards !, 
  islamic sectarian killings/attacks are an occasional thing in the uk , i 'm sure germany gets them too from time to time . 
  i doubt this is one but it * is * possible . 
  edit : just to make this clear i very much doubt that 's what this is . 
  that only works if you see people as a commodity . 
  well this is echo chamber humour . 
  same jokes told endlessly to the same crowd . 
  it 's safe , dependable youtube income but you it 's not going to lead to a very creative comments section . 
  more i 'd assume . 
  the uk will need to recruit folks for the roles the eu took over . 
  you do n't need trade negotiators when you ca n't legally negotiate trade deals . 
  good move . 
   did n't the uk just block the european union 's efforts to establish an independent international inquiry into the alleged war crimes in yemen ? 
  that was guardian titlegore . 
  nowhere does the article say how the uk is supposed ot have blocked something it does not have the capability to block . 
  that was title gore . 
  the uk did n't back the investigation the guardian writer wanted and backed a different one instead . 
  holy repost , batman !, 
  this is pretty funny . 
   cameron got rid of the `` nasty '' old guard within the tories by promoting women , gay people and people from ethnic minorities who shared his values . 
  values . 
  kek . 
  but let 's have no doubt a dent is coming . 
  fortunately article 50 is n't being triggered immediately so we still have a while longer of feeding off the poorer countries in europe before the gravy train leaves the station . 
  some of the suggestions are actually pretty sensible . 
  you recall correctly but that one was intentionally written to be very difficult to activate so it could n't be used as leverage during normal eu functions . 
  the down side of that is that you pretty much need a government to start breaking laws to use it . 
  i 've also spotted the rise of a few uk hate accounts . 
  i 'd previously just seen them for the us , israel and palestinians . 
  interestingly a few of them seem to alternate between uk and trump hate so i 'm wondering if it came out of certain subs . 
  either way it 's nice to feel special again ( it 's been a long time since the uk was important enough to warrant people taking hours out of each day to post shit about us ) . 
  search through the article for what the uk actually blocked . 
  as the inquiry does n't require a unanimous decision it ca n't be that . 
  the uk did support a different proposal . 
  it 's in the article . 
  this is a story about the uk not backing something . 
  it has n't actually blocked anything ( unanimous decision not required ) . 
  no interference is alleged in the article beyond vague allusions . 
  funny story but nobody seems to be able to find any reference in the article or elsewhere to the uk actually blocking this . 
  as it does n't require a unanimous decision the uk should be unable to block it if they tired . 
  they 'd need to get the uk to agree to this . 
  treaty change and all that . 
   uk sozioeconomics will break down in a couple years source ? 
   yea . 
  nobody believed someone would be that stupid . 
  the idea that nobody would ever want to leave something like the eu regardless of what happens in the future is an odd one . 
  the fact the treaty was not designed to function correctly is n't something you find to be negligent ? 
  other treaties typically do not have a set in stone time limit for exit talks . 
  correct . 
  and they knew this when they drafted article 50 . 
  the creator of article 50 has admitted it was never designed to be functional . 
  this stuff turns up pretty much everywhere once in a while . 
  shit though that may be . 
  great lord , you 're right !, 
  there is a previous example . 
  happy to be proven wrong on this one - last time i checked it when the referendum was announced a couple of years back and article 50 got examined for the first time there were exactly zero examples .
