  if it has a sin it 's lack of details rather than tabloid misrepresentation . 
  it was for fighter aircraft . 
  not very effective at oppressing your own people . 
  prime minister secures lucrative trade deal protecting british industrial interests and securing british jobs . 
  that bitch !, 
  agreed !, 
  ( thank you hadrian ! ), 
  well that would put a * dent * in my kindle expenses . 
  * sheds an impoverished but very well read tear *, 
   really ? 
  the west is opposed to a political religion that has hurled itself at our gates , breaching them time and time again in an orgy of slaughter , for the last 14 centuries ? 
  say it ai n't so . 
  my initial reaction was ` no need for hyperbole ' but i thought about it for a moment and that description is pretty accurate . 
  not sure i understand , myself . 
  at work we use a stand alone local network for our most secure stuff and we are n't a defence contractor . 
  it not being connected to the internet is inconvenient but that 's it . 
  well they were all european wars in that a european country was going to war in all of them . 
  a good chunk of european countries object to any overseas deployment - sierra leone is used as the text book case for how an intervention can be done right ( look ma - no genocide ! ), 
  and still folks claim it was wrong - so that metric is pretty meaningless . 
  arguably world war i was caused by the construction of hms dreadnought following the analysis of the battle of tsushima and the massive changes this caused in the balance of power ( i.e. 
  the dreadnought race ) had hms dreadnought been delayed i would instead attribute it to the three other ships under construction at the time following that same analysis . 
  seriously the obsoleting overnight of the majority of world naval forces really fucked with the balance of power . 
  because they live in their own communities , with their own shops , own schools , own fashions speaking a different language when at home or among friends ? 
  that 's the issue we have in the uk , i doubt it 's different in germany . 
  could be different , though . 
  while making that cute little islamic state salute . 
  interesting . 
  german 's history is pretty middle of the road for barbarity . 
  look at belgium 's colonial exploits , for example . 
  edit : and yeah before anybody mentions my flair , the british empire . 
  i think they may mean sierra leone , iraq , bosnia , iraq ii - finish the fight , afghanistan , central african republic , iraq iii - revenge of the egyptian gods , syria etc. 
  pretty apolitical - a decent statement . 
  always good when politicians resist the urge to exploit other commemorations to push a pet issue ( and depressingly rare ) . 
  plenty of days of remembrance for the victims of colonial regimes , typically in the country of the victims . 
  no us means the numbers do n't really work . 
  because it needs to include the united states to make the numbers work easily . 
  i suppose you * could * use nato but it would be pushing it . 
   but he did what he believed in the same could be said of the 9/11 hijackers . 
  if that 's the best folks can find to say about him ... 
  the joke does n't really work if you use something modern . 
  it is n't really a tax haven now . 
  look at ireland if you want to see a tax haven . 
  the eu will do what it 's always done in the past ; bitch and moan and drag their feet then finally do what needs to be done . 
  they will get there in the end . 
  hard enough to predict that medal total guesses are fairly inaccurate . 
  it 's very hard to predict how things will go on the day for a given person . 
  pretty hard to tell which athletes are the best in advance . 
  eternal problem , 
  no , * your * mother . 
  in your calculation the eu fielded nearly 4k athletes . 
  shave that down to the maybe-600 the total eu could put forward and you get a much less impressive figure . 
  then you only dabble in garlic eating . 
  you must continue your training . 
  which would be very much in the public 's interest . 
  but reddit is strange about this sort of thing . 
  uk security forces prevented a terror attack last week and the day after folks on reddit were whining about the data availability our security services have . 
  i daresay it would . 
  except other garlic eaters . 
  we find it useful to be able to sniff each other out . 
  bullets seem to be doing a pretty good job of stopping is . 
  to be fair it 's important that both sides try to come up with an agreement that is suitable and benefits both . 
  if this is a concern the swedes have then it should be listened to . 
  a crappy attitude in negotiations could do serious damage to both the uk and eu ( more to the uk directly but some of the other eu states are in a far worse position to cope with the damage so the picture is a lot less clear cut ) . 
  which is also pretty cool . 
  home field advantage and all that . 
  not sure about the downvotes - they really do dominate the olympic field . 
  serious sports investment . 
  for the rest i guess folks here ca n't take a joke . 
  of course he does n't but he does think other people should pay for the irresponsibility of the schengen . 
  his point is `` we let anybody in - why wont everybody else do the same ? '', 
  from the difficulties i have in this area keeping a bbq alight i can confirm we have sufficient wind . 
  i would not be surprised if the claim of increased racist behaviour stands up to scrutiny but aljazeera have n't bothered to check . 
  genuine problem ( as shown by better publications ) but trash article . 
  it 's job ? 
  you know they are in france , right ? 
  it 's expensive but so is the australian solution which has had a superb deterrent effect . 
  people only come because we have failed to deal with the issue . 
  because the only way to stop these bombing is to become part of islamic state . 
  you 've actually picked out of the one bit of his comment that , when taken alone , is correct . 
  not in the way he meant it , though . 
  it 's an observation worth making because it 's never happened before . 
  i think you have replied to the wrong comment or do n't understand why the border is in france - the uk/france border agreement came about largely because france ca n't actually police their borders ( that whole schengen thing ) and cross channel firms ( eurostar etc ) were losing lots of money to the fine they incurred if they rocked up into dover/london with a cargo of illegal immigrants . 
  if it does n't leave france no fine so the uk and france both get to pretend that the schengen zone does n't have a massively porous border and everybody gets to do business without the threat of fines bankrupting them . 
  also french truckers stay happy . 
  you do n't want to piss off french truckers . 
  and a fine . 
  the fine is n't small . 
  moving the border would seriously change cross channel trade/transport and not in a way that anybody wants . 
  oh agreed - i even agree with some of it ( natural monopolies et al ) but that it has been his answer to pretty much every domestic issue since his leadership win is a pretty fringe position . 
  anyway it 's beer-o-clock on a friday so have a damned fine evening !, 
  remember when action in syria was being debated ? 
  [ corbyn seemed pro negotiation back then ] ( http://labourlist.org/2015/12/only-a-negotiated-peace-settlement-can-overcome-the-isil-threat-in-syria-full-text-of-corbyn-statement/ ) and [ he 's pro unilateral disarmament ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/06/jeremy-corbyn-plans-uk-nuclear-disarmament-70-years-hiroshima ) and has been for decades . 
  he 's talked about renationalising british steelworks , rail companies , all aspects of the nhs and the big six major energy companies in the uk ( although he 's since decided that one is a bad idea ) . 
  smith and corbyn have both supported negotiations with is and aside from the kneejerk reaction they are both correct - you should always try and keep dialogue open even if you are n't willing to compromise just on the chance the other guy does . 
  edit : his answer to pretty much every issue since he got the leadership has been ` nationalise it ' . 
  one does not simply come for france these days . 
  i looked at the last think in your comment history  joining the sith counts as force persuade right ? 
  and found myself more likely to vote for you than corbyn . 
  i think you should go out into the world and spread your message . 
  leaving nato , unilateral disarmament , nationalisation of . . pretty much everything at this stage , negotiations with islamic state .
