  unless children dying in horrible agony with destroyed parents is something you like seeing . 
  is there just wp laying around ? 
  jeez, 
  please tell me what he said , i just missed it . 
  haha send them towards our machineguns , we 'll fix it for you . 
  abortion protests worked here too , poland is simply behind turkey on the timeline . 
  thx , and we love the mccormackians . 
  cairo was kinda built in the desert was n't it ? 
  what is this traitor doing with a greek flair !!? 
  flag does n't check out, 
  you mean you think germany should n't let anybody at all in ? 
  dunno if that works that well considering the current position of germany . 
  why are people commenting on his age ? 
  either you misunderstand the word `` child '' as excluding the ages 15-18 or europeans must look very young . 
  your name gives away your intentions . 
  i would rather die fighting or being bombed than die in a concentration camp . 
  more like enslave them . 
  unfortunately , police in turkey have reached an almost american level of violence and corruption . 
  they are too scared to move in small groups . 
  hitler didi n't see japanese and finns ( or hungarians ) as aryan , just conveniantly named them `` honorary aryans '' . 
  turns out the nazis were inconsistent , shocker . 
  yup , but why join a foreign ideology that hates you ? 
  i doubt there are as many asians settling in poland as there are in the west . 
  but yes , many polish people dislike or even hate mena people , wonder why the middle east is n't retaliating . 
  i guess ignorance . 
  yup , saying all polish people believe the same thing would be polishophobic . 
  it sure as hell isnt left wing . 
  you can come too but no removing us ok ? 
  and how about euthanasia for mental health reasons ? 
  or even neuropsychiatric reasons ? 
  clearly anybody that fights isis must be good guys !, 
  except for turkey obviously . 
  yes someone delusionally defending terror organizations is usually not native to europe . 
  is the bosporus onwards a mosque free zone ? 
  how is this related ? 
  unless you have a definition of brown that is very different , then most croats and other yugos i 've seen have been brown . 
  probably kurdish hiding behind a dutch flair . 
  usually you would n't have someone this deluded being native to europe . 
  welcome to pretty much all of religion in europe , even here . 
  he mad, 
  i thought slovakia was even worse than hungary ? 
  atleast jobbik has some turanists who maybe do n't hate turks . 
  most likely . 
  unfortunately losers are drawn like moths to extremist ideologies , the main problem of all modern nations right now . 
  his life sucks , therefore brown people, 
  yuo ar like littel child, 
  allah the merciful punished us because we allow people to skip religion classes . 
  true , he forgot the crippling inferiority complex . 
  to me a croatian with light skin is still brown . 
  better be scared of all croats now that a brown man raped her ? 
  that 's next level fucked up . 
  she ran into two psychos the same night ... 
  i just hope she 'll live a normal life after this . 
  that 's fucked up, 
  i stand corrected , not all of them have left yet . 
  that insecurity . 
  why are all young right leaning people from europe always weebs ? 
  fucking greece . 
  yes please , bastard . 
  they have it in the eu too !!!, 
  typical double standards . 
  we will form our own eu , with authoritarianism and poverty !, 
  wish we had a proper leftist opinion corridor . 
  maybe our country would n't be in such a terrible shape by now . 
  pretty sure most of worlds population would like to have a word with you . 
   vietenam is like afghanistan , no one can invade it because not only are the people there highly tenacious , but the terrain lends itself to guerilla operations . 
  you do n't exactly need to defoliate anatolia . 
  typical american geographical knowledge . 
  all of our vital govermental institutions are located in ankara , which is in the middle of anatolia , surrounded by miles and miles of rugged mountain terrain . 
  we planned to face a overwhelming soviet invasion and have built our country after this . 
  our large and well equipped army would instantly turn to guerilla warfare , supported by millions of irregulars . 
  you can never invade us , we would stomp the shit out of even the bloated american army , it would just take a little while . 
  you are absolutely welcome to jerk over the thought of restoring byzantium like the rest of you cringy larping americans . 
  this is all nice and that , but you are missing one thing . 
  your dumb american opinion does n't matter at all . 
  if you want to talk about literally killing us , you will get hostility back . 
  which is what i 'm saying . 
  russia is still patheticly weak for that size . 
  if we militarize hard we can easily beat them . 
  there are both present in the subreddit . 
  well , are there muslims left in serbia ? 
  all of them already left and took your territory with them . 
  this is true . 
  you 're getting downvoted because our intensely nationalistc society would stand behind even someone like erdogan if outside forces try to manipulate us . 
  see the last coup attempt . 
  no one disputes that , but smaller and more hated means less important . 
   neoliberal more like east europeans thinking that shitting on muslims at every oppurtunity will make them more western . 
  military sure as hell is n't far behind russia , what world are you living in ? 
  nato arms beats ak74 `` m '' every time . 
  i do n't doubt that russia , behind much much bigger , would beat turkey in war . 
  but not without loosing millions of soldiers for absolutely no gain . 
  this is only in the unlikely scenario turkey leaves nato . 
  no , we would just have a huge , nato equipped army doing the guerilla work that badly equipped , untrained vietnamese peasants also did , beating the worlds most powerful military . 
  i ca n't imagine the losses russia would suffer , they would use up all of their population or run away . 
  usually that is accompanied by a huge bashing of turkey `` blackmailing '' the eu, 
  no , since turkey would n't invade any of those to begin with, 
  meh , tube is fine, 
  likely due to migrants from regions who have these diseases . 
  not that strange or controversial . 
  there we go , was n't that hard thought it wo n't exactly fix the problem , as fluchtpunk accurately states below,
