  normal right-wingers like merkel have nothing to do with this . 
  welp , i assumed from your rhetoric that you would be a kurdspammer . 
  do n't judge the book from the cover kids . 
  genetically some romanians are n't far from armenians . 
  this is a map over genetic distance ... 
  hmm , you think turks are actually turkic ? 
  did he escape from his cage ? 
  i have and it 's nothing compared to anything from india/pakistan . 
  well , a country euthanizing suicidal depressed people that improve too slowly will most likely have no moral qualms about getting people killed for profit . 
  and i know this will be controversial , since clearly everything is perfect in the west , but this is how many people feel . 
  even we pay our workers usually . 
  we got plenty of idiots calling russia non-european too . 
  sadly no . 
  well , culturally we 're inbetween . 
  but we 'll always be seen as more middle eastern due to islam . 
  it 's okay , you can move the city , we just want the ruins . 
  i 'll even throw in adana . 
  my brain melted from your comment , thanks now i 'm a vegetable . 
  south asian food  literally everything, 
  i meant stalin wiped out the turks in georgia , not that you 're stalin . 
  yup , i would get on a boat too . 
  well , not directly , but the same group kinda . 
  we 're all of impure persian blood . 
  you 're welcome . 
  my god iraq . 
  erdogan is more russian/asian style anyway . 
  so right now were mostly asian . 
  we still like you . 
  yes . 
  thanks stalin . 
  you know what , there 's a bunch of turkish stuff in georgia too !, 
  take that !, 
  uhh , under estonia . 
  weird smooth coastline . 
  kinda depressing . 
  ok , artvin then . 
  that 's like saying the netherlands is south of the u.s because one unimportant bit of it is ... 
  oh , i agree . 
  nah , there 's just alot of people like you spamming r/europe , most of them get banned fairly quickly . 
  muslim = you 're out . 
  neo-crusaderism in the west , neo-ottomanism in turkey . 
  this planet is fucked . 
  hey beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  huh , how is this related ? 
  i 'm getting baited so hard right now , i 'll just call the mods instead of replying to a dude that thinks turkey is below the caucasus . 
  http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/files/2010/06/jewsnat2.png welcome to persia , bitch . 
  i 'm at your back davarish . 
  right , but you excluded turkey and included cyprus and the transcaucasus ( states past the caucasus ) . 
  explains why you think censorship is leftist . 
  have you seen t_d ? 
  reply + upvote, 
  i should post some stuff from ardahan then . 
  most turki isnd evruop people do n't include azerbaijan or the rest of the caucasus , so i do n't believe you . 
  russia , turkey and greece should count since the roman empire occupied the area . 
  and ? 
  this is the same thing just with slightly less drama . 
  it 's still clearly trolling . 
  if that 's what you call agenda pushing kurds hiding behind european flairs . 
  american detected . 
  reply + downvote, 
  this is just an attempt at trying to start drama . 
  no point to this map at all . 
  wow , we can morph our country into different continents by having different leaders !, 
  ok half proof then you get half money . 
  proof first . 
  i require proof , extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  yo bro he is talking about the south-east ... 
  why is n't the north caucasus languages included ? 
  they are more european than us , cyprus or the south caucasus . 
  dunno ask the british . 
  that 's impressive , considering how few there are around these days . 
  that i 'd love to see . 
  is ok , i enjoyed your joke, 
  emergerd turkiy iznt euvrop i am defen the waijt race, 
  i knew valyria was in turkey . 
  next level shit right here . 
  is erdogan going to join the presidential race for the republicans ? 
  yes but nobody really hates turkey existing per se , just us being posted to r/europe . 
  is that all your american ass knows about turkey ? 
  hmm ? 
  the blue mosque ? 
  i doubt it . 
  u/nikola -_- tesla will find a way to complain about turks no matter what may stand in his way . 
  * clap clap clap * amazing riposte !, 
  the cuck opposition has been completely destroyed !!, 
  true, 
  russia is honestly worse now . 
  why ? 
  baiting americans is fun for the whole family !, 
  drogheda has an emblem similar to the ottoman flag because we gave you food . 
  honestly why didi n't anybody else do that too ? 
  to uv scuti ? 
  ottoman aliens confirmed !, 
  ** tactically retreats **, 
  i hope you wo n't make babies . 
  climate deniers do n't deserve to live freely . 
  if you 're under 30 you have a good chance to live until 2100 . 
  we 're fucked here . 
  wow i thought i was tough , but that 's really fucked up . 
  dont google that shit .
