it 's not visible on me , it just tickles my eyes and i have to wash my face afterwards . 
  stop trying to make my sacks of shit look evil !!, 
  td is populated by non humans and mutants . 
  well yes , but not as low as albania et all . 
  what is your point ? 
  reported to ataturk . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  i 'll let the votes speak for themselves . 
  adjusted for inequality , hence why we 're lower than ukraine . 
  i do n't feed them , my dad does . 
  not even close to the worst this world has seen . 
  american tourist trying too hard . 
  what , my cats are super affectionate . 
  fuck we 're like super unequal here . 
  well , it 's pretty bad still . 
  / u/waterguy12, 
  yeah , unfortunately dick assman died last year . 
  lol , found the american alt-right scumbag . 
  you do n't know shit about my religion , and clearly nothing about the laws of turkey either . 
  hmm ? 
  you think i have n't punched people in the face before ? 
  what 's wrong with violence ? 
  sometimes you need to break a few eggs to make an omelette . 
  is draculesti not a last name ? 
  hmm , unfortunate . 
  what exactly does that mean ? 
  yes , consider yourself lucky that your name is draculesti and not dick assman . 
  weird how armenia is n't more fertile when most of the pictures i see are very green . 
  lol kotayk is literally in the middle of armenia . 
  hmm ? 
  you 're not the `` greece is western '' guy ? 
  sorry i confuse the abrasive greeks on this sub sometimes . 
  maybe not necessarily poland , but certainly the other v4 countries are far-right at best . 
  i 'd prefer hitler over those assholes . 
  did i hurt east euro feelings ? 
  you know there are atleast a good 40 % or so of people here who are not mental cavemen , the same ca n't be said for your countries . 
  look up the definition of discrimination . 
  if hungarians are like this you will very quickly be isolated by other peoples . 
  not saying he deserves anything more than a good beating . 
  son of assman, 
  the law needs modification . 
  good , wish i was there to cave his face in too . 
  goddamn i 'm sick of american alt right scum . 
  this is because the people have a lack of say in the economic relations of their countries . 
  i would n't go to serbia or hungary voluntarily and that really limits my involvement in those countries . 
  same goes for the rest of the people when they see the real mind behind the invite . 
  now you went too far . 
  my country has no laws for discrimination either , but its people discriminate , hence its a shitty country . 
  if you represent your country , i am very sad to see that hungary is like this . 
  goddamn it vlad stop denying your family name . 
  goddamn it vlad we talked about this shit . 
  your key to power is a distant dream ? 
  ye is bretty close . 
  hmm , axe probably . 
  i for one welcome our new orange nazi overlords . 
  please no forgive me tengri , we do n't want to become like the hungarians ! 11 ! 1 ( curse of turan , look it up ), 
  the social retardation of east europeans always comes up without fail in these threads . 
  that 's central asian shit , we 're anatolian , we switched religions because we kinda had to . 
  hmm ? 
  we were in slovenia too ? 
  cool . 
  holy shit mindalero managed to find a way to diassociate greeks from turks even in this meme map . 
  teach me master !, 
  iberians have conquered europe ? 
  well , maybe they thought it referred to light whites like nordic people and not croatians . 
  we reached slovakia , dunno where the border is but it looks okay to me . 
  shhh shhh , no tears , only dreams now . 
  we got ta spread this shit, 
  true that . 
  how is this self-hatred ? 
  it 's obviously false and stupid shit propagated in western media . 
  but i guess it tickled your balls considering how hard you 're trying to whitewash greece every day here . 
  this ca n't be legit . 
  weird how my family is split between south euros and orcs . 
  yep , didi n't you know . 
  if you cross the border from greece to turkey people instantly turn from nordic gods to arabs living in desert huts . 
  civilisation 5 confirmed this , turks live in yellow boxes . 
   teleturkported ahahaahahaahaahahaha , we didi n't genocide anyone , we teleturkported them out of our country !, 
  look at the map , for the purposes of this sub armenia is definately european . 
  true , but you seem to be implying turkish culture is based on something specific , and this thing is non-european . 
  let me rephrase this . 
  if turkey , cyprus and the caucasus is european , that means europe extends into the middle east , and clearly iran is part european then too . 
  does this make sense to you ? 
  good bot, 
  tell me about my culture please . 
  he 's a flairless american . 
  at which point could armenia be considered european in history ? 
  look at ancient armenia , a stereotypical middle eastern kingdom close to persians . 
  dayum right, 
  okay so where does this cultural similarity stop ? 
  if * armenia * is european then surely so is turkey and azerbaijan ? 
  and if christianity is vital then obviously 20 % of egypt are europeans . 
  stupid other homo sapiens , you will never be german11 !, 
  you 're trying way to hard my friend . 
  did our previous conversation about genetics break you this much ? 
  he means someone who has pure light european blood and lives in germany . 
  ironic considering his east european flair . 
  usually you are whatever nation you 're born into . 
  welp , could be worse . 
  nazi slavs ?
