  do n't go down with the ship, 
  not to bring down their heroic deeds , but why are there u.s soldiers * everywhere * ? 
  how would turkey go about invading russia ? 
  what would happen is russia would be forced into peace and have heavy sanctions applied to them until their society collapses . 
  come on dude , you do n't need to spam r/europe too . 
  we already know erdogan hates the eu and his government is authoritarian . 
  and how would this help russia ? 
  considering that such an attack would n't go unpunished and the fallout would very likely hit russia . 
  not everything is a cock measuring contest , russia is a pathetic country at best , dangerous for humanity at worst . 
  you first, 
  greentext does n't work here, 
  eurofederalists do n't want turkey to join , that would ruin any chances of a federation ... 
  which turkey do you live in ? 
  less than half love him . 
  it does n't matter as long as most people do n't care enough to do anything about it . 
  he spams negative articles about turkey and positive articles about kurdish entities . 
  wonder what the mods think of this . 
  i can guess your stance on gender equality . 
  bulgaria smokes more than us . 
   well-funded and well-armed what funds and what arms ? 
  you think russia can do shit ? 
  your economy is dying and your arms are isis level crap . 
  there are only a few pearls worth picking from the shit , and we 're buying those as we speak . 
  i hope to the gods russia tries that . 
  finally get to put your shit country out of misery and free the republics you 've kidnapped . 
  if afghanistan made the soviet union collapse turkey will make russia explode . 
  all this + massive western * and * eastern support and sanctions , good luck . 
  you think you could seriously take territory off turkey without having an even more massive vietnam war on your hands ? 
  this country will run into machinegun fire to stop you . 
  not where they came from so . 
  you speak as if he cares about doing any of those two . 
  14 years from now erdogan will commit suicide in his ankara bunker ? 
  that 's us, 
  wow, 
  well okay , i 'm not stopping you . 
  hopefully we can avoid dystopias . 
  the world will still have plenty of diversity , different planets might have different cultures etc. 
  aliens might exist and that will be lots of diversity . 
  nothing to do with globalism . 
  it 's just the way it will be . 
  we will live in a scifi reality . 
  all races , ethnicities and cultures are on a fast track to dying out . 
  not really something that could naturally exist in a world with comfortable travel and internet . 
  do n't see why it 's a big deal . 
  unlikely . 
  that 's why there were no '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` german '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' comments !, 
  shh , do n't you dare complain about germans being killed !, 
  i googled kalergi and the only thing i found was some half-japanese dude that said all races and ethnicities will blend together into something that looks like egyptians . 
  this is very likely unless people artificially change their looks . 
  what 's wrong with this ? 
  do n't like being called a racist ? 
  go into full denial !, 
  works every time . 
  france seems wrong . 
  this is a map of racism . 
  most ex-ottoman ethnicities were n't members of a different race . 
  only exception are black people who were treated like shit during the ottoman empire and are still discriminated against to some extent . 
  oh yes , v4 is more tolerant than france . 
  true, 
  you do n't want to visit the turkish one , it 's in the middle of nowhere, 
  we notice you all the time little bros, 
  that 's eastern turkey , nobody important lives there . 
  not everything is about greeks , dear neighbour . 
  the only people who deny that turkey is part of both europe and asia are alt-right europeans who are desperate to `` kick downwards '' as they say . 
  people whine that we 're not culturally similar to fucking west europeans but completely ignore bulgarians and others who are obviously as dissimilar . 
  lol , this settles it . 
  you think istanbul is magically super liberal because you know its name and it 's partially in europe ? 
   if i ask you a question do you even know which are nato countries ? 
  if so tell me how similar is average turk from anatolia to average pierre from middle sized french city . 
  thanks . 
  tell me how the average slovak is similar to the average frenchman ? 
  slovaks are east europeans , french people are west europeans . 
  turks are south-east europeans/west asians . 
  big difference between all of these . 
  lucky people like you are n't in charge then . 
  throwing minors into lifetime jail for retarded decisions is something most nations avoid . 
  inb4 '' '' '' `` german '' '' '' '', 
  all citizens of turkey are turks by law . 
  not just ethnic turks . 
  we 're way ahead of you on that front . 
  yes , gaining, 
  for anyone wondering why , america is currently funding an extremely hostile army to our south , our alliance is over in all but paper . 
  ikr fuck\u0130ng pc leftist mods, 
  yes , r/kurdistan is hardly representative of the average kurd . 
  but people get pulled into that kinda crap very easily . 
   democratically elected haha , he said democratically elected . 
  erdogan 's aim is to stay in power , if the people want theocracy , boom he 's a theocrat . 
  if the people want secularism , boom he 's a secularist . 
  which is why he 's basically on the fence about everything except for his own powers . 
  welcome to the lovely world of r/kurdistan , where such logic is simply a barrier to the real truth . 
   deep state jesus christ , the rest of the world is quickly traveling down the shitter to our level . 
  what about the hordes of polacks ? 
  welcome to the dark side , dinner is at six . 
  alcohol dries you out right ? 
  kurds are n't ethnic turks . 
  doctors and engineers refers to syrians only , the rest are n't legit refugees . 
  indeed , well i have blue eyes so what i get to hear instead is `` emergerd you ca n't be turkish '' . 
  yeah right , because islam makes you browner . 
   there are some who would `` grant '' whiteness only to northwestern europeans . 
  white is literally the most meaningless term yet .
