  they ca n't be very intelligent to begin with lol . 
  all hail our ai overlords, 
  yes ? 
  is this an attempt at trolling ? 
  well that 's hardly what happened here ... 
  how many bears did you wrestle, 
  how does one accidently kill hundreds or thousands of people ? 
  this one is a great example , or the massive massacres of turks over the 200 year long retreat of the ottoman empire . 
  bruv, 
  do russians call rugs kilim too ? 
  and hang them on walls ? 
  why is everybody stealing our shit ? 
  you have ascended into a different plane of existance my friend . 
  clearly that 's okay then . 
  and we can support any organization with links to al-qaida or isis ? 
  i like how in r/europe something like the bosnian genocide is obviously a genocide but other massacres are n't depending on the agenda . 
  dictatorship is n't related to shitness . 
  serbia on suicidewatch, 
  i have a feeling you have n't seen turkey ... 
  does that mean that you are removing yourself ? 
  are you still trolling here ? 
  lol ur romanian , let 's just call it a draw . 
  til ottoman empire is back, 
  i 'm guessing population exchange with a kurdistan to the south . 
  name checks out . 
  kurds are more likely to be `` moved '' to north iraq than be given land in turkey . 
  i think that has actually happened a few times . 
  eyyy , it 's me your fellow northman , buy me a plane ticket home amigo, 
  ahahahaha oh god, 
  ca n't blame you davarish ... 
  more a parody of the ridiculous town names of the us . 
  as if this common culture and history ends at the border of europe . 
  cognitive dissonance . 
  there is no european continent , only eurasia . 
  *** triggered ***, 
  nope , what does turkey , bulgaria etc have to do with the rest of europe ? 
  i love this country sometimes . 
  no we 're in south-east europe where all the countries they do n't like are . 
  you 're right , but it 's obviously possible to establish a strong democratic tradition . 
  turkey has had democracy on and off since the late 19th century . 
  it 's just that we fell for the new wave of populism . 
  how do you hide a civil war in salt ? 
  where is greece , time for round 2 bitches, 
  what data is this ? 
  maybe turkey does n't have as high tourism but it 's far from small . 
  their claims were hardly unjustified . 
  they are successors to states that claimed to be third rome . 
  by the sky god ... 
  england , greece . 
  jesus christ what is this wall of text ? 
  i 'm not going to read what an american has to say lol . 
  you do n't count , sit down . 
  also why the downvotes lol . 
  the tourists were just replaced by more russians and arabs . 
  but i do n't expect erdogan to be able to keep up this nonsense . 
  why are there mit agents at my door ? 
  it is very inaccurate . 
  there are multiple subdivisions of said haplogroups too . 
  obviously ... 
  welp , you 're not wrong . 
  nice , when will you transfer the deed ? 
  ^ ^ disclaimer : transfer of recep tayyip erdogan is to be completed afterwards . 
  lol , i would guess it to be edirne that 's for sure . 
  no , there are much more to genetics than just haplogroups . 
  can we have vienna in the trade ? 
  bruh it 's hard to do shit here . 
  russia is n't eurob ! 11 !, 
  eyy , it 's me , your judge . 
  i do n't actually know if it does or not . 
  they represent genetic samples of ethnic groups . 
  the ones stretching means the ethnic group has a large amount of outliers in a certain direction . 
  even erdogan is in danger lol , 50 % hates him . 
  this country went to shit so fast . 
  go back to mongolia !, 
  eyy , it 's me , your press freedom . 
  they are therefore very gorgeous . 
  is hard times in mediterranean :(, 
  no germoney , no germoney . 
  you 're the germoney !, 
  or anyone erdogan traditionally opposed to erdogan really . 
  iran is n't at war . 
  orban only cares for now-crusaderism , not proper asylum policies . 
  there is your explanation . 
  do n't see anything like that . 
  please tell me you 're north american , it would be the perfect cringe combo with your name . 
  heyyy , that 's not bad !, 
  i became greek from this image , thanks now i have no money . 
  right wing . 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  half of meskheti turks died from this resettlement . 
  are you actually doing this right now ? 
  they were moved to central asia in the same way armenians were moved to syria . 
  we are still talking about genetics here ? 
  because i express a controversial opinion . 
  as if nothing the netherlands can do is wrong . 
  are you dutch ? 
  not arguing with that . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/11/netherlands-sees-sharp-increase-in-people-choosing-euthanasia-du/ great strawman dude, 
  the posts deleted are mostly hate posts . 
  those tend to come from a specific political group .
