werl , not ever ` body needs a shank ta shank ya , if ya get wot i 'm sayin ' . 
  a coin 'll cop ya one sure as any club will . 
  * no , having a military just is n't that important any more . 
  money still is , though . 
  look at japan for another powerful state with a very small military . 
  well yeh , tha ` un 's well scary . 
  fank fuck they dont ` ave shanks on 'em . 
  * off course . 
  they 're just better in pretty much every respect except militarily . 
  bigger economy , bigger population , higher tourism . 
  unless you 's a filthy frogmonkey . 
  * it 's the uk . 
  some people might say it 's france , but right now i 'd say britain 's just ahead of them . 
  laws are often fucked up that way . 
  like in my country you can have sex before you can watch porn ( not that anyone obeys that ) , and in others having sex with a fourteen year old is fine , but making porn out of it is absolutely not . 
  it 's ... strangely thought out ( probably because it is n't thought out ) . 
   iirc you can not purchase a handgun in the us until you 're 21 so unless it 's a rifle no edgy teenagers will be carrying in colleges . 
  that is much better . 
   why not campuses ? 
   they 're all adults * big * mistake . 
  hell , the right to carry guns is a major part of * socialism * . 
  which is why i 'm personally in two minds about it . 
  in schools , though ? 
  no , that seems like a terrible idea . 
  to be fair , / r/gaming is disliked for its dankness , while / r/games is despised for its moderation . 
  i personally just think that , whatever your stance on gun control ( as both a brit and also a socialist , i 'm pretty confused on the matter ) , introducing guns to a school environment where you 've got edgy teenagers and , as you said , macho dudes who could be pressured into doing something they do n't want to is a pretty terrible idea . 
  plus , it 's like this : you 've got a burst sewage pipe in your garden , which is raining shit down onto you and your house . 
  instead of fixing the pipe , you just take out an umbrella . 
  you have n't actually fixed the problem , you 've just kind of maybe created a counter - but in the end , your house still has shit raining down on it . 
  probably it 's because they believe it will help to avoid the exact situation you 're thinking of . 
  mad , and all that . 
  so , i get being upset about all that ( feels like shooting the messenger ) , but why would you get into that situation in the first place ? 
  i mean , i guess you said you 'd be in the positives , so most people would support you , but how come you 'd have to remove a post that was doing well ? 
  is this like off-topic stuff ? 
  i appreciate this is a lot of questions , but i am very interested in this . 
  oh , i do n't doubt that places like srd etc. 
  brigade , i 'm just skeptical that people would brigade as a co-ordinated groupe for long periods of time , without - say - being lol streamers boosting their content , or similar . 
  that sounds like a decent start . 
  i 'm not exactly eager to go further with what i think is best , 'cause it feels too much like telling random people what they * must * do . 
  but , with the aim of not being a useless pillock , i 'd say that making it easy for people to communicate - even if that just means having something in the sidebar like `` message your mod if you have a query about the rules '' - would be good , because even if you 've done work you are in the end the mods . 
  generally in my opinion , a mod should be a caretaker , nothing more . 
  no curation of posts other than removing spam etc. , because reddit has a voting system in order to clear up the junk that the community finds boring . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's late . 
  what 's that got to do with people on / r/europe ? 
  why would they get collectively offended ? 
  i 'm interested in how that kind of stuff goes down . 
  you 'd have to create a high level discourse between mod and user , then . 
  make it so people did n't have to resort to shit slinging to get things addressed , even if the answer is `` no , and here 's why '' . 
  you 'd get people recognising when , how , and why the mods worked , and you 'd get the mods better able to understand their community 's desires . 
  that , or not mod as much , but i 'll always say that as an anon first and redditor second . 
  i get that most people here do n't actually want that . 
  well then you know even better how shit we tend to be . 
  that said , france ai n't much better . 
  or europe , for that matter . 
  actually , let 's make that the world in general . 
  wait , so this is just one guy downvoting you ? 
  i mean , i get the death threat shit , but what made that a big deal ? 
  most moderators are n't good people . 
  well , the visible ones , anyway . 
  the good ones tend not to be that visible , for whatever reason . 
  why were people downvoting you ? 
  i 'm fine with posting in whatever language you feel like , but if you 're shit at one of them , especially if it happens to be one of the * very * popular ones , maybe you should get someone to adequately translate it for you beforehand . 
  you think people would brigade a place like this over a long period of time for no actual material gain ? 
  i 'd understand it if it was to promote their product , or something . 
  but this just sounds like people downvoting things they disagree with , and upvoting things they agree with . 
  bad practice , sure , but also by no means uncommon . 
  u grot , u fukin ' know wot they 's doin ' . 
  they 's muckin ' about , ` avin a laugh . 
  to put a penny in the cook 's ear ` ol , they 's crusadin ' against tha big bad porkies . 
  ta ` ave a mind 's fine , but ta make tha rest of us brass studs share it ai n't . 
  buggerem , i says i say . 
  * you know what they 're doing as well as i. 
  they 're trying to mould the place to their liking - and screw those of us who might actually use the sub . 
  long story short , i 'm guessing they 're basically just furthering their own opinions ( french supremacy and a misguided need to defend muslims , despite them being able to pretty damn well without censorship , thank you ) . 
  do n't get me wrong ; having those opinions is fine , even if i do n't agree with them . 
  it 's the whole `` we wo n't let you make up your own mind '' bit i actually disagree with . 
  you 're literally irish , why are you happy about that . 
  pretty much . 
  i did n't mean they knew the * right * vector , just that they had thought of the concept . 
  they had ideas for vectors in the plague , at least . 
  cats and dogs and the like . 
  in any case , the untestable specifics are n't that big a deal . 
  like how people give aristotle shit for taking a dump on atomic theory . 
  but when you ca n't test that stuff , having the wider idea ( `` swamps spread disease dudes '' ) is more important than being legitimately right . 
  it was n't * really * lost . 
  people knew shit and swamps and `` bad air '' spread disease . 
   they very much * just * over half the voters wanted to leave . 
  that 's not `` they '' . 
  apparently it is . 
  france has finally taken over . 
  it 's not about political union . 
  and it 's not about establishing uk immigration policy ; it was about decreasing immigration . 
  what do you mean , `` so ? '', 
  it 's literally the fifth largest economy . 
  you 're kind of side-stepping the issue of immigration , which was without a doubt a major talking point . 
  yeah , legislation will now be with the * british * bureaucrats . 
  this was not a vote for change . 
  annoyed . 
  why ? 
  'cause people are getting upset over the * completely wrong thing * .
