  why , do you think it 's a legitimate referendum when you throw out the original ( conclusive ) result because you do n't like it and have people vote again ? 
  its an economic union not a political one, 
  look up the lisbon treaty and how it was handled in ireland , we voted against it , then were were `` encouraged '' to vote again and the results allegedly showed us voting for it . 
  it 's a perfect example of what would happen to our country in a centralised europe , we 'd have absolutely no power over anything simply because of our small size . 
  the result ? 
  we 'd be pressured into bringing our corporate tax policy in line with the rest of europe , killing it companies like google in this country , given how it is our biggest export it would be devastating to the economy . 
  our agricultural exports would continue to be stifled to avoid competition with continental goods , we 'd continue to be dragged into geo-political conflicts like the one in ukraine that our country has no business being involved in , again damaging our economy . 
  we 'd lose what little control we have over immigration and the welfare state , again probably to our detriment . 
  it 's a bad idea for anyone who is n't germany . 
  the last one . 
  i see several explanations 1 . 
  the trucks were never loaded with anything and just sent to bolster numbers , making for a better pr story and making the lives of ukrainian border guards more difficult . 
  the trucks will be loaded with injured civilians , asylum seekers and combatants wearing plain-clothes and driven to russia . 
  the trucks are n't actually empty , the russians have perfected optical camouflage . 
  putin is a grand-wizard who made military equipment appear on the trucks ( with none of the present reporters noticing it ) and then made the equipment disappear while the trucks were mobile on the roads ( again , with nobody seeing this ) . 
  presumably a separatist somewhere in donetsk is now pulling an assault rifle from behind his ear while amazed onlookers clap . 
  edit : there 's also option 5 . time travel , but i 'm not going to go into it since it involves drawing a bunch of charts . 
  does n't paris have a big problem with uncharted catacombs and mines running throughout the entire city , leading to restrictions on building heights and weights ? 
  has that issue been sorted ? 
  by not killing itself with a thermonuclear exchange . 
  u wot m8, 
  i hear bulgaria is n't doing too well as a member of eu , something about people committing suicide in protest over the fact that they ca n't pay their electric bills . 
  comments ? 
  how so , is there an ethnic divide ? 
  a magical place . 
  eh , they already pay our farmers not to farm , this is routine for them . 
  there 's no way i can answer that question without pissing off all the english posters . 
  ah yes , the only high-rise building in dublin . 
  also the ugliest building in dublin according to popular opinion . 
  so neutral , like a poorer switzerland with worse weather . 
  gib monies pls, 
  i wonder if he also planned to assassinate de gaulle . 
  what a great book that was . 
  same place as the snakes i assume, 
  i said what i needed to say . 
  go support military intervention in the far corners of the earth in the name of some 21st century white man 's burden if you want, 
  wow . 
  good thing i 'm old enough to remember that exact platitude being used to justify a military invasion in iraq , materiel assistance of `` moderate '' rebels in syria and a bombing campaign in libya with incredible outcomes across all three , otherwise that may have actually convinced me . 
  here 's a self-indulgent quote of my own : the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  i 've seen enough fuck-ups in the last 15 years supported by well-wishing eejits who now have blood on their hands by association to want anything to do with these things . 
  hey , off-topic but while we 're on the subject of bad decisions , how about a wager ? 
  you know that armed confrontation between ukraine 's right sector militants and ukrainian police yesterday ? 
  what do you want to bet that within 12 months those brave patriots will be putting licensed nato ammunition into the bodies of government officials while r/europe sits around wondering why it trusted the guys with black sun armbands to spread democracy and western ideals ? 
  go ahead , i 'm all ears . 
  we have an ongoing refugee crisis to the south and a caliphate committing a religious and ethnic cleansing to the east ( with possible nato member backing ) while making overt threats towards the eu , please tell me why now is the time to get involved in a territorial dispute where apparently both sides have blood on their hands . 
  i do n't see a lot of public support for sending troops to fight isis , and lord knows that would stop a ton of bloodshed . 
  you really need to come down to earth if you seriously believe people en masse would support getting involved in georgia 's shit for no reason other than charity . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  relax the khaks lad  russians do n't want to die for georgia and westerners do ? 
  for what , what 's to gain there ? 
  you wo n't be any safer and neither will the man in paris or berlin . 
  i doubt they genuinely believed they could avoid being spied on by the nsa , if i had to guess i 'd say they just took advantage of the wikileaks info becoming public to rattle their cage a bit to get concessions from the us of some sort . 
  if you know you 're being spied on and will continue to be spied on you may as well milk the most out of it . 
  ireland as a state is far too economically dependent on the us and uk to start pursuing a radically independent foreign policy , it 's questionable if rocking the boat would improve our situation in any way . 
  he 'd sooner lease shannon to the russian airforce just to spite england than do anything with regards to ukraine . 
  really , the ultra-right ukrainian nationalists in kiev are anti-eu at the moment , this is what you 're telling me ? 
  oh , i wonder how many of these violent protestors were waving little eu flags around when maidan happened . 
  easy to claim you 're a culturally-aligned member of europe when it 's a handout you 're looking for . 
  why are you assuming that a russian invasion of finland is a certainty ? 
  they took crimea because the majority of the population wanted them there , i do n't think the same scenario is extrapolatable to finland . 
  was n't that always the case ? 
  i was under the impression that finland traded with the ussr throughout the entire cold war whether they were arming south american guerrillas or invading afghanistan . 
  the ussr collapsed despite trading with finland and russia continues the occupation of crimea despite the sanctions , it seems to me that there is no correlation between finnish trade and geo-political maneuvers , only people who suffer from sanctions are those who do n't affect any policy , including the finnish people . 
  may as well keep the trade up . 
  oompa-loompa orange skin on the ladies . 
  this is basically the first science fiction film , definitely worth the watch . 
  no , you 're right . 
  we emigrate to australia to do the cleaning jobs . 
  or at least wait the tables . 
  the question is how much of it is attributed to the war itself and how much is due to them shitting up economic relations with the one country that they do over 50 % of their trade with . 
  germans clean swiss toilets , the irish clean german toilets , the poles clean irish toilets , ukrainians clean polish toilets , switzerland stores ukrainian oligarch money , circle of life . 
  at the same time , poland never fought a proxy war against the germans in spain . 
  it 's kind of dubious to claim hitler and stalin were bffs when they were both balls-deep in the spanish civil war against one another at a time when most allied powers thought hitler was a swell guy and hollywood had to double-check its films to make sure the nazis were n't offended . 
  although we have blasphemy laws on the books to my knowledge ireland has never * once * successfully enforced the law . 
  a eula is n't a legally binding document , `` i agree '' is n't a signature . 
  only if english is the official language , i had a shit time in school learning french and i do n't want to even attempt picking up german . 
   in their place , you would do the same . 
  hardly . 
  ireland has plenty of experience of dealing with an aggressive neighbour , when we gained independence we did n't outlaw pro-british sentiment , we did n't force the protestant minority to convert to catholicism , we did n't sever ties with the uk and ban english literature . 
  our children were studying charles dickens in school at the same time while up north british soldiers were beating up catholics . 
  hell , the flag of the republic of ireland represents peace between protestants and catholics , the very foundation of our sovereign state is the promise that the pro-uk minorities wo n't be persecuted the moment we gain home rule . 
  if the ukrainian population genuinely and fully supports the idea of ukrainian independence from russia then no amount of soviet films and radio programs will change that and outlawing these things is redundant . 
   nobody gives a shit if the methods they use to fight their enemy are slightly `` undemocratic '' . 
  there are more important things at stake here . 
  you know who i think gives a shit ? 
  the people in ukraine who disagree with the current government and who want to watch their fucking telly in peace . 
  if this was a legitimate war for survival these people would n't be sitting around watching tv from the enemy \u2122 and the laws banning anything pro-russian would n't be necessary at all . 
  instead i get the impression that this is less a war for survival and more a case of one set of corrupt oligarchs overthrowing another set of corrupt oligarchs and pulling the old `` you 're either with us or against us '' spiel . 
  and hell , if we 've crossed the rubicon and dismissed the right to freedom of conscience during wartime then why half-ass it with simple tv banning , why not just declare any pro-russian sentiment a criminal offense and begin rounding people up into camps ? 
  surely as long as the good guys \u2122 win it can be justified afterwards as being a necessary step needed to defend freedom and liberty by depriving people of it . 
  good luck winning that war ukraine , you 'll be a dictatorship in the end regardless of whether the russians occupy you . 
  if you believe in liberty and democracy only while it 's convenient then you do n't believe in liberty and democracy . 
  if there 's a genuine concern in your country that simply showing a movie will cause people to rise against you then the real enemy you 're fighting is n't russia but the citizens of ukraine . 
   alcohol consumption , meanwhile , had fallen from 16.2 liters per person per year in 2008 to 11.6 liters in 2013 , the data showed . 
  as a result , the death rate from alcohol poisoning fell to 9.7 people per 100,000 in 2013 8.9 people per 100,000 in 2014 , rosstat said . 
  those are some genuinely impressive figures . 
  sure , but you do n't exactly see a lot of interviews with nsa operatives discussing how they shitpost on 4chan so it 's an interesting article nonetheless . 
  i 'm sure a lot of the logistics in the russian troll factory applies to the uk or the us counterparts so it gives you a good idea of how a racket like this is run . 
  we really love water , huh . 
  so basically radio free europe/voice of america ?
