   by choosing apathy , you choose to be sheep that will go where the stick directs you , whom ever would be holding it on the contrary , by being neutral we 're avoiding the stick . 
  are you really trying to get us to ally with the people who subjugated us for 800 years against someone who has never ever threatened our existence on the grounds that `` maybe '' something will happen decades from now ? 
  switzerland but with more it and less snow, 
  compared to what you did to belfast it was nothing , really . 
  nah dude , they 're going to annex cyprus next , and given the economic situation over there i have a feeling the annexation will resemble crimea provided they promise enough cash . 
  historically ireland has faced aggression from one country and one country only , and that country is a key nato member . 
  russia was n't a threat to us during the cold war ( outside of the whole mad thing ) , they 're not a threat to us now . 
  our current military is basically a cross between summer camp with guns and a charity police force for africa , bringing them up to nato standards is out of the question . 
  edit : a non-exhaustive list of other empires that could n't be arsed to invade us included the french , the germans and the romans . 
  really , our whole military history throughout the ages alternated beween resisting the vikings and resisting john bull . 
  fortunately the viking threat has been dealt with for now . 
  not a very accurate chart if it does n't track movements outside of europe . 
  the plot suggests that ireland is a net gain which is nothing further from the truth , its just that our graduates go to north america and australia . 
  they 're a far bigger economic threat , which is what matters the most in the modern world . 
   autoritarian regimes are on the raise again , and there 's no telling what happens to this continent if we do n't stop it early . 
  if these regimes have legitimate majority support then as a democrat you have no choice but to tolerate them , if the turks genuinely voted in ergodan by means of a fair election then you have no grounds to declare his rule illegitimate , unless you ( paradoxically ) want to go against your democratic principles to support governments which do n't have the support of their people . 
  it 's not germany 's job to ensure that other eu countries have governments which germany likes . 
  i just ca n't figure out what the point of the conventional forces over there is , it 's pretty clear that a confrontation between nato and russia will involve nuclear force , even if its localised to those regions , having ground forces there wo n't make any strategic difference when the bombs start flying , it 'll just make diplomatic negotiations more difficult . 
  not really , since ww2 the whole nature of military spending has changed , now it 's all about the politicians in bed with the military-industrial complex using their powers to pocket taxpayer money , it 's little more than a money laundering scheme . 
  millenia of fighting tends to do that, 
   so what economic actions do you suggest ? 
  a full blockade ? 
  congratulations , now all option except for a war with russia have been exhausted , brilliant . 
  if it does n't work ( and it might or might not ) , what then ? 
  all germany would have achieved were less options towards a resolution . 
  that 's actually an interesting point , if the sanctions are applied then they 're no longer a deterrent , would putin then openly attack kiev ? 
  on one hand it 'll make relations even worse , on the other hand if he succeeds at defeating ukraine he can negotiate from the perspective of the `` winner '' . 
  impossible to say what would happen , lets hope it does n't come to that . 
  that sucks . 
  maybe now is a good time to start thinking about it . 
  well where does france put their waste ? 
  nuclear is something like 70 % of their energy generation , they must have some sort of plan . 
  the health of the entire eu pivots on the well-being of the german economy , it 's in our mutual interests for the german economy not to start taking hits over political maneuvers . 
  for this reason i disagree with any and all sanctions leveed against russia , i find it far more valuable for us to do well than for russia to do poorly . 
  schadenfreude wo n't pay the ( extremely inflated ) water bills . 
  the biggest thing germany has to start working towards now is energy independence . 
  there 's a big focus on renewables like solar and that 's commendable , but it still relies heavily on state subsidy . 
  fracking is a terrible idea as evidenced by what 's happening in the us , we should avoid it at all costs . 
  with this in mind there 's no alternative but germany going nuclear against the wishes of a misinformed environmentalist lobby . 
  germany is n't near a fault line , it does n't have an ocean coastline vulnerable to tsunamis , there 's no natural threat to putting npps in the area . 
  i think that 's the biggest thing germany should take out of this whole situation , nuclear is the future . 
  in the short term while its still reliant on russian gas germany should distance itself from relying on ukraine as a middleman since that country experiences a revolution every 10 years nowadays and is far too unstable . 
  use the north stream at full capacity , do what you can to get south stream completed . 
  contrary to the popular belief on this sub i really do n't think it 's putin 's end-game to recreate the ussr through conquest , crimea was a special case due to its military value along with the demographic makeup which i do n't see extending to the rest of ukraine or the baltics . 
  for this reason i do n't think his motivation with supporting the dnr rebels is territorial annexation , likely it 's just a bargaining chip ( either to get to keep crimea , brics stuff or over geo-politics in the middle-east ) . 
  as such i 'm sure germany can trade with him over the situation in ukraine . 
  at worst if he 's insistent on keeping the pressure on kiev then try to score some trade privileges ( gas discounts or the like , i 'm not an economist i do n't know ) in exchange for agreeing to federalise the country . 
  i 'd personally be happy with whatever outcome will minimise civilian casualties at this point . 
  obviously military confrontation is out of the question , that never ends well . 
  also , crimea 's gone , no need to turn this into another cyprus with people living in legal limbo , i have seen no evidence to suggest that the majority of the population there is unhappy with being part of russia . 
  edit : you should probably try asking this at / r/russia as well if you want a wide range of answers . 
  honestly , i have always prefered the [ ddr anthem ] ( http://youtu.be/p1cypjqqtam ) also , if you 're going to post the ussr anthem you should also throw in the [ english version ] ( http://youtu.be/ltu3vuoa2sw ), 
  putting a single date on it is kind of dodgy because we immediately had a civil war over it , and then we only really properly broke off from the commonwealth in ' 49 . 
  i do n't personally consider the irish free state to be a sovereign country since it still had to swear an oath to the crown . 
  depends on whether you consider western allies qatar and saudi arabia `` the west '' . 
  they 're certainly funding those guys . 
  hardly . 
  federalisation in e. ukraine only benefits the rebels if its done to exempt the region from imf and eu austerity measures and trade regulations , which it wo n't be . 
  if this is legit it sounds more like a white peace than anything , putin gets to keep crimea and kiev gets to hand over e. ukrainian industry to the imf . 
   both merkel and poroshenko stressed they wanted to ensure decentralisation but not federalisation of ukraine along with respect for cultural and linguistic differences . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  the sigint model is either the d or the h , ca n't remember now . 
  [ there 's a documentary where they clarify it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubw-xzd7aam ) , ca n't be arsed to go through it though . 
  it 's ok , the eu is happy to foot the bill for the time being what with all this surplus cash we have lying around . 
  i 'll need to look at the performance specs of these versions but the originals were fantastic because they were extremely light and had a very weak engine ( something like 5hp , ridiculous ) making them a really good , affordable option for the poor given the cheap fuel costs . 
  nowadays they probably legally count as motorcycles . 
  either way i 'd totally buy one on a student 's budget , the large-ish entry price will probably be offset by the low fuel budget . 
  too much kebab to remove , too little time, 
  [ they issued the same warning to eu candidate turkey ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ed6c1c6-23c9-11e4-86fc-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3aviqnozo ) . 
  and not-eu-candidate egypt . 
  and even south america hilariously enough . 
  i laughed the first time i heard this before recalling that we 're in the eu and are also sanctioned . 
  putin please remove sanctions , we have ridiculous water bills to pay this year . 
  is this the same population that has no voting rights because something-something second class citizenship papers , or am i confusing my baltic states again ? 
  the only latvian i know is very pro-russian because she grew up during the ussr times and when it collapsed she became a shadow citizen with reduced rights in her country or something like that , i do n't remember . 
  you should totally support a colour revolution in russia . 
  lets see who the biggest opposition party in russia is right now ... 
  someone called the cprf ? 
  huh , they sound like swell guys , what could possibly go wrong . 
  look on the bright side , less likely that we 'll be at war . 
  does he make the trains run on time ? 
   not to mention that moldova ca n't join until the whole transnistria thing gets settled so they also have to solve the whole crimea thing as well then, 
   if a 2 % yield on a bond is `` good enough '' for investors , this means that they 're not particularly excited about other opportunities to invest their money in kind of like the rising price of houses then , some are saying its a good sign while others that its a bad one since it might suggest lack of faith in keeping your money liquid, 
  ferment it , then sell it to russia at a markup as luxury alcohol ( which they of course have not sanctioned ) edit : [ problem solved ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2014/08/18/news/europe-farmers-russia/ ) , good work guys we did it . 
  eli5 the article please, 
  ok , they do n't want to give up their momentum , but why are all attempts at negotiating a cease-fire basically phrased as `` give up or we will keep killing civilians '' ? . 
  if kiev are the good guys why are they bargaining like terrorists themselves ? 
  common misconception , a ceasefire and an unconditional surrender is not the same thing . 
  i do wish kiev would stop using the lives of their own civilians as a bargaining chip , it makes them look like cunts . 
   why are european countries allowing rich saudis to profit on the misery of europe 's muslims ? 
  because they 're a nato ally . 
  the article you linked is talking about food which is purchased by the consumer and is thrown away because it expires , i do n't see how that applies unless you 're suggesting the most passive-aggressive humanitarian aid where we reroute our garbage trucks towards ukraine . 
  joke 's on them , if our biggest trade partner leaves the eu then we probably will have to as well . 
  do n't tell them though , it 'll be a surprise . 
   surely we do n't want to let our quality products rotten when we can actually do some good ? 
  is that actually what 's going to happen ? 
  i was under the impression that the surplus would be sold internally in the eu with no problems . 
  well , i mean , i guess we 're not the * worst * eu country there . 
  that makes me very sad, 
  or that people realised that the eu is two wolves and a sheep discussing what to have for dinner and voted for what was expected of them rather than what they wanted .
