  now you polandfriends will finally know how i feel . 
  clicked the link expecting a bag of weed , was disappointed . 
  is there a lot of unrest happening in northern cyprus or crimea right now ? 
  i have n't heard about either having mass protests or riots . 
  i can think of a third one if we want to open up that can of worms again . 
  surely it said `` careful now '', 
  good to see that us not having a functioning government did n't interfere with the economy or the running of the country . 
  shit , the russians can have that one if they want . 
  well , there must be * some * sort of operational objective that 's being achieved with the bombings . 
  after all , the bombing campaign was what allegedly changed the tide of the war , let assad siege aleppo and forced a cease-fire . 
  if the russians were bombing something that had no military value then what allowed the saa to make such gains in the last few months ? 
   philip breedlove , the supreme allied commander in europe for the 28-member military alliance , told us lawmakers on tuesday that the mass bombing of civilian targets appeared to serve no other purpose than to weaken europe by creating a massive , and continuous , wave of people desperate for food , shelter and safety . 
  i have to admit , i 'm genuinely impressed that the russian airforce is able to bomb syria so hard that it 's getting people from as far away as pakistan to flee into europe . 
  i voted social democrats . 
  i have no idea what their platform actually is , i voted for them because i know the sd representative in my constituency and it just seemed like the irish thing to do to vote for the good ol' boys rather than vote based on policy . 
   the west must counter these attacks on the world order in a united way . 
  excellent choice of phrasing there spiegel , the civil war in syria is part of `` the world order '' and strong-arming a ceasefire is an attack on it . 
  well ireland will presumably be able to negotiate special treatment with the uk even if they leave , we may actually be able to profit off of this if the uk decides to use ireland as a bridge into the eu market and vice versa . 
  do n't be silly . 
  we both know ireland is america 's 51st state , not some uk province . 
  sounds like the russian model is a lot more stable , to be honest , and probably better for the common man because of it . 
  if you have a revolving door of kleptomaniacs coming into power then each one knows his time in office is limited so he has no reason to hold back on the thieving , whereas with a model like russia where putin is president for life the man has to at least have * some * long-term planning to make sure he does n't sacrifice long-term profits for a quick buck . 
  ca n't shear a sheep if you slaughter it straight away . 
  well , i mean , that 's how the orange revolution of 2004 ended , no ? 
  government gets replaced with pro-eu guys , pro-eu guys end up so bad that one ends up behind bars and a pro-russian president comes to power . 
  from below comment  `` you twitter a lot , do n't you ? '', 
  the police said , when they were sitting in his office . 
  `` we have received orders to ask you to watch your tone . 
  your tweets could be perceived as inciting . 
    tuesdaynight in sliedrecht there was a meeting about an asylumcenter in the region . 
  in the days leading to this meeting , mark jongeneel placed a couple of tweets . 
  like : `` the college of sliedrecht has a proposal to receive 250 refugees in the coming 2 years . 
  what a bad plan !, 
  earlier he had also tweeted : `` we wo n't let this happen , will we ? 
  yeah , sounds like real hate-speech to me . 
  and wanting to pre-emptively hinder people from assembling on the grounds that sometimes those assemblies get violent is about as democratic as an imposed curfew . 
   `` let 's protest '' the right to peaceful assembly is one of the most fundamental pillars of a democracy , are you saying it 's acceptable for people to get police visits just for suggesting organising a protest ? 
  please , you 're making it sound like you can get arrested for an offensive tweet . 
  it 's not like post-soviet romania is some sort of police state like china or the uk . 
  it 's not what it looks like you guys , the kgb * made me * get drunk and have sex with that hooker/underage child/decapitated pig head , it 's all a * communist plot * . 
  it 's the press that 's the villains here , they 're playing right into putin 's trap . 
  help !, 
  help !, 
  to be fair , i 'd support expanding the irish defense forces . 
  as long as those guys spend their time driving buses around ireland instead of doing army stuff abroad like they currently do . 
  you 've never been to dublin . 
  was n't there a reality show in germany where they took spoiled , problem teenagers and sent them to live with foster families in siberia to set them straight ? 
  i read something along those lines , allegedly it worked pretty well at giving them perspective on things . 
  ireland should volunteer to take the nuclear waste that it produces , yes , that 's fair . 
  forget fracking , lets deal with this pearl-clutching hysteria over nuclear power . 
  last i checked france gets 70 % of its energy from npps and somehow it 's still not a nuclear crater . 
  but those companies are n't competitors , they provide complementary products . 
  as far as i know raytheon makes missiles and radar systems , they do n't build airframes like boeing . 
  i mean , that 's sounds like the best case scenario for syria right now if the alternative is a post-saddam iraq with its daily carbombings and non-stop internecine fighting between the different clans that fosters the formation of an isis-like group . 
  do we have any casualty statistics on chechnya under whats-his-name the dictator ? 
  like , raw numbers . 
  the un resolution in libya was for a no-fly zone , it most certainly did not give france a carte blanche to carry out a bombing campaign against gaddafi forces . 
  it 's always dodgy to talk about what-if scenarios with regards to history , especially if you assume ww2 was put down before barbarossa even came into effect . 
  would there even be revanchism without the great patriotic war ? 
  the ussr held on to the warsaw pact and pursued a policy of buffer states for the exact reason that people remembered what happened the last time someone fought an ideological war on russian soil and they swore it would never happen again , without the einsatzgruppen burning down entire villages , without the famine of leningrad killing a million people , without entire populations being mobilised to work in factories you 'd have a very different cultural attitude towards the west . 
  similarly , without 27 million people dead and massive , massive amounts of materiel losses it 's impossible to say how the economy of the ussr would look . 
  the ussr could end the way franco 's spain did , the guy dies in 1953 , the people who replace him roll back what he did step by step until the country is effectively state capitalist a-la china . 
  top bants right there, 
  tax normalisation was a big part of the lisbon treaty that we negotiated for before accepting , this whole situation is bigger than apple , it 's brussels spitting in the face of irish sovereignty . 
  pretty ironic for a country where you can get in legal trouble for having a swiss army knife on your person . 
  and by `` go down '' you mean literally be burned alive inside a building ? 
  they 're right , marty whelan is the only media personality in this country i still trust . 
  well , ironically thanks to you the top comment in this thread is `` by the way , look at those manchildren in / r/russia '' . 
  way to perpetuate the cycle . 
   if you pay the thieves to lower crime you have to tell them to work less . 
  =p we call that `` social welfare '' over here . 
  it 's the ankh-morpork method of fighting organised crime , you just integrate them into the bureaucratic process and tax them . 
   russia is not a place to do business as opposed to turkey ? 
  the two countries deserve each other frankly, 
  it 's not all bad , we may get a metro system between heuston station and dublin airport some time within the next few centuries . 
  actually , we 're doing a great job invading the rest of the western world one immigrant at a time as it is . 
   nope , the irish defence plan acknowledges that the invaders already have a foothold on the island . 
  do they though ? 
  you 're greatly overestimating how many nations actually have the force projection to mount an invasion of an * island * . 
  uk , america and russia are the only 3 i would even remotely consider capable of it , we saw in 2011 and the libyan revolution how several nato armies ran out of supplies within a week of implementing a no-fly zone , the logistic costs of outright moving invasion forces into a county en masse would dwarf that . 
  you can remove russia from the list if we factor in that they would have to defeat pretty much every nato power first before they can even reach our coast , you can remove uk and us from the list since they would never need to use military force against us when they have so much soft power leverage over our political leaders . 
  only real `` invasion '' i can imagine is from some sort of group like isis or other non-nation state , but a conventional army is n't what you invest in if you 're worried about that kind of invasion , an airforce is useless against foes like that . 
  i meant that much of the talking points of his manifesto which was considered neo-nazi fringe in 2011 are now the talking points of one of two presidential candidates for the united states of america . 
  5 years ago when the media dissected his motives his fear of muslim fundamentalists being allowed into europe by liberals was seen as paranoia , what i 'm saying is that if he was to go on a rampage today with the near-daily attacks happening i 'm sure a lot of people would react with a `` well , he 's wrong to have killed children however '', 
  wonder how different public opinion would be if he did it today . 
  his written manifesto would definitely garner a lot more attention than it did back then . 
  ah yes , the galway races , perfect bit of `` culture '' to be had there , especially in powdered form . 
  eeeh ... 
  i like you belfast , but i think we should just be friends . 
  the referendum was a re-election promise of his , he figured he could appeal to the eurosceptic crowd by promising them a chance to leave . 
  he obviously figured there was no way the vote would actually win so it was a safe election promise of his . 
  now history will remember him as the pm who got the uk out of the eu just so he could win the election . 
  irish unemployment rates are pointless to talk about unless we look at emigration rates in parallel . 
  a bit chunk of that 6 % difference could be down to people simply leaving the country in search of work . 
  woo , we 're a second switzerland . 
  is n't the reason for the away kit an homage to ireland as it was the first country to play germany after ww2 ? 
  beautiful city , first time i set foot in norway and i was amazed by how , well , * rich * the country was . 
  the public infrastructure in particular , i would get up in the morning and see maybe 3-4 public buses for every 1 private car driving towards the city center , compared to dublin that was really impressive . 
  germany is too afraid to build civilian nuclear power plants , i do n't see any way they 'll agree to fund nuclear weapons . 
  sound lads those germans , tried to help us in 1916 .
