down with this sort of thing, 
  [ in the news yesterday ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/why-water-why-now-ireland-takes-to-the-streets-1.1983983 ), 
  to be fair , if putin paid my water bill that would be great . 
  i 'm not surprised at all . 
  i do n't hate you , you guys made the best leather wallet i have ever owned . 
  yeah , james connolly was a popular halloween costume back then . 
  they 're all terrible . 
  nobody is right , everybody is wrong . 
  except the swiss , they 're alright . 
  now lets hope they do better than the pro-eu guys who came to power after the orange revolution , otherwise we 'll have pro-russians in office again by 2020 . 
  more decentralised then , to the point where countries can decide their own immigration policies when it comes to non-eu citizens . 
  rich and decentralised, 
  they technically have missiles that can reach mach 20, 
  shhhh , it 's ok , the us does n't recognise assad 's government as being legitimate , so it does n't have to ask his permission . 
  that 's how it works , right ? 
  i think russia would be pretty angry if the us killed every iss member in iraq , considering they 're selling arms to iraq as we speak to fight against isis, 
  naaaah , when the war is over i 'm sure the neo-nazis will willingly give back their arms , forget all of their military training , sever all the battlefield friendships they formed and go back to being ... 
  i dunno , lower-class gopniks with no fuss . 
  nothing to worry about , arming fanatics and war tourists with no oversight never goes wrong . 
  it just highlights an all-too-prevalent attitude of `` it 's ok to start shit in a sovereign nation that 's falling into an enemy 's sphere of influence as long as its us who are doing it '' . 
  downvoting does n't change the fact that a ton of people on reddit and irl actually believe in american exceptionalism . 
  are you seriously defending what the us did in south america throughout the 20th century ? 
  do you seriously have united fruit 's cock so far up your nether regions that you 're passing off funding farc paramilitaries as anti-communist warfare ? 
  correct . 
  mad is what made the second half of the 20th century the safest in human history , mad is what stopped india and pakistan having wars despite the two hating each other . 
  you 're right , after gaining independence from england we were too busy being under the boot of the church to form our own authoritarian government . 
  we ca n't afford reunification , too expensive . 
  was n't russian federation always the legal successor to the ussr ? 
  i do n't remember anyone complaining in the 90 's when it was saddled with ussr debt that people still expected it to pay off, 
  if the ua army wants to avoid brutal and costly street-to-street urban combat against the rebels their only option is indirect fire on their general positions , which means civilian casualties . 
  they probably figure they have the press on their side so they 'll get away with it . 
  so are ireland 's though , and we do n't pay $ 150 to see riverdance . 
  i too would like some some free cash . 
  in other words give up karelia/east ukraine , stay out of nato and keep doing business with one another ? 
  first of all because the agreed-upon 2 % goal was n't established until the 2000 's iirc , a scant few years before another economic crisis happened . 
  secondly because i 'm pretty sure it 's a guideline rather than a hard membership condition . 
  it 's telling that the majority of these people are choosing to flee to the country that is savagely invading them , rather than move internally within their own country or travel to the shining protectors in the west . 
  will there be a point on this sub when we can sit down and , without pointing accusatory fingers and taking sides , acknowledge the fact that there is a genuine fragmentation in allegiances within the region currently referred to as ukraine and dismissing 30 % ( ? ), 
  of the population and its wishes when it comes to the future of the country is bound to end badly for everyone . 
  we tried the whole `` if you want to be part of x then just fuck off '' routine over here for a few decades . 
  it did n't work . 
  maybe the reason they historically freeloaded was because they were in ruins from some sort of cataclysm that struck europe before the cold war ? 
  perhaps ? 
  something about their economies being in tatters , people being too weary of war ? 
  they 're seen as meatshields because the fighting would inevitably happen on their territory . 
  britain has the sea and the us is nigh-unassailable , i guess the french were concerned that there was a chance that if shit went south the uk and us would prefer to write off continental europe than go nuclear . 
  france has always been rather independent when it came to nato decisions , historically they regarded nato as the anglophone club with honorary meatshield nations , hence the insistence on not integrating their army with nato forces as much as guys like the uk and germany did it . 
  you 're welcome , please stop obama cracking down on us companies offshoring in ireland . 
  we do n't care if they do n't pay taxes , we just need the jobs . 
  pls, 
   while maximizing future support of the ukrainian government by its citizens . 
  will it ? 
  i 'm hearing a lot of talk about the hryvna being in free-fall in ukraine with people in kiev not having hot water because of the government wanting to save gas . 
  i ca n't see the situation improving when winter comes around , i think ukraine has enough economic problems to solve without having a war to fight , maybe they should consider cutting their losses before its too late and people start protests again . 
  finland was neutral throughout the entire cold war and they were able to benefit from trade with both sides . 
  putting aside the current war drums , can we objectively say that the situation for them is more dangerous now than during the cuban missile crisis , during able archer , during afghanistan , during the numerous revolutions in the warsaw pact countries that the ussr suppressed ? 
  obviously it 's their border and their choice , but the thing is , just as how finns remember the finnish war and soviet aggression the russians remember the so-called continuation war ( aka ww2 ) and finland 's involvement in the siege of leningrad which killed 1 million civilians . 
  having nato 50 kilometers away from russia 's second-biggest city will create a second checkpoint charlie , obviously a good bargaining chip for the western powers but a big hit to finland 's trade not to mention the diplomatic ramifications . 
  they ought to sit down and run the numbers instead of following along with the panic . 
  as for ireland , we 're already calling for sanctions with russia so i 'm not sure how neutral we can claim to be , really , but we should definitely stay out of nato for no other reason than the fact that we are bankrupt and can not afford to shell out more money for an army . 
  i ca n't decide if this is real life or i woke up inside a parody universe . 
  either way , the bbc better get their best hip hop anchormen and retaliate . 
  the pluto is weak, 
  i know man , i wrote my will and everything and now we may not even go to war haha , just kidding if we go to war there wo n't be anyone left to inherit the ashes formerly known as my worldly possessions, 
  i 'm glad we cleared that up , i was worried my joke may not be semantically correct . 
  it 's very simple , ever since pluto stopped being considered a planet in our solar system russia lost the title of `` bigger surface area than a celestial body '' , to reclaim it russia now needs to outperform mercury , meaning capturing the entire landmass of earth and about 10 % of the water . 
   i 'd say it 's stick time . 
  so you 're going to start a war to prevent a war ? 
  good , they should . 
   25 years of precisely that have n't worked . 
  we have n't had a war those 25 years , that 's a good success metric right there . 
  depends . 
  is a total war with russia something you actually expect to win ? 
  it 's generally understood that a total war between nato and russia will involve a thermonuclear exchange which will leave russia , europe and the usa in bits . 
  how do you prepare for a war you know you will lose even if you win ? 
  go against your gut instincts and focus on your economy . 
  instead of sanctioning russia and forcing them to become self-reliant in the hopes that they will collapse before you do you should continue investing in them , buying up assets , buying up people , allowing the oligarchs to have multiple citizenships , allowing their money into your banks , getting the economic ties formed so strongly that russia attacking the eu would be indistinguishable from russia attacking itself . 
  now post their imports . 
  i do n't know what ireland was buying from russia but i do know what we were selling them that we no longer sell them , and that 's baaaaaad . 
  no , we want our corporation taxes to stay as they are since they are what 's keeping our economy afloat . 
   and try to collapse russia economically over the long-run . 
  lets avoid collapsing the eu economically over the long-run while we 're at it . 
  turns out russia 's the biggest [ diamond supplier on the planet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alrosa ) , sanctioning them is going to make a killing for de beers ( literally ), 
  yeah , but i imagine both bulgaria and romania have a significant grey economy so the employment % would n't be very indicative either . 
  how the hell does greece abbreviate to `` el '' ? 
  go in there , bomb everyone , occupy the area for a decade , leave , act surprised when someone even worse emerges and starts killing civilians . 
  is this the same rwe that 's supposed to sell reverse-gas back into ukraine if the russians stop ? 
  modern-day germany is shaped like a cartoon skull , you ca n't top that . 
   i repeat , iraq has zero , zero , to do with nato it just so happened by pure dice-roll chance that the coalition of the willing consisted of commonwealth nato states , the sort that the op is trying to lump us in with . 
  look , we 're a country of 4 million and the uk is our biggest trade partner , if we join nato we 're pretty much handing our military decisions ( and to an extent our foreign policy ) over to the uk , which would very well have us fighting in iraq , afghanistan , iraq ( again ) and syria/libya if it gets to that . 
  none of those are defensive wars . 
   iraq was n't a defensive war . 
  really ? 
  shit , i guess i was fooled with all this screaming about weapons of mass destruction and ( deliberate ) conflation of saddam hussein 's regime with the people who flew a plane into the twin towers , i was actually convinced that the war was sold as retaliation for an attack on the us and it would only be determined * a posteriori * that there was no national security threat in iraq that needed immediate military response . 
  they led by example in 2003 as well , if we were in nato there would be a good chance that our boys would still be in iraq killing goat farmers and dying to ieds . 
  look , do n't sell british military altruism to an irishman , i can differentiate between a defensive war in the name of protecting one 's population and the geo-politics our protestant cousins like to play . 
   neutral cowards sit and wait to be picked apart by the winner sorry , but irish history suggests the contrary . 
  the first world war allowed us to successfully fight our war of independence and form the irish free state , the second world war ( which we were also neutral in , by the way ) allowed us to fully take advantage of britain 's weakness and become a sovereign republic . 
  funny guy  this is a conflict that will have global consequences true , economically and militarily if it comes to it . 
  ireland wo n't be able to tip the scales in either direction even if we want to .
