they did indeed thank the usa for their help . 
  i think it was michaloliakos, 
  i did n't hear what he said but i am pretty sure it was something along the lines : greece to the greeks , they want to swamp us with immigrants and take our country , no to austerity , we are the only ones not lying , fuck your deal , syriza is the same as pasok and nd etc etc. 
  greek mps of other parties leave the room themselves when gd mps are talking . 
  theotically , how bad would a balcan union be ? 
  i think the `` you will suffer for some years but you will eventually recover , probably '' may sound just fine as a solution to outsiders , but it is a situation and risk no one wants to face and take . 
  not the people , not the politicians . 
  greeks are used to standards of living way above the ones that should be possible given what the economy of the country should allow them to have . 
  good luck giving a man a palace then asking him to give it back and promise him that he 'll be able to build his own . 
  but what if you were to ask for half the palace back ? 
  you do n't . 
  greece should have defaulted back in 2009 like varoufakis was suggesting . 
  papandreou got elected and played the creditors ' game . 
  greece entered a downward spiral and here we are . 
  game over . 
  - every political party not in the government everywhere, 
  latest hearsay from sources : imf supervision most likely to stay , ~ ~ greece willing to go for up to 17 billions of privatizations but money and management stays in athens ( still a point for negotiations ) ~ ~ ( fund will be in athens , 50 bilions worth of assets ) , lithuanian pm says an aggreement is `` almost , almost '' reached . 
  is paywalling people a standard practice now for major news network sites ? 
  i only recently really starting browsing such foreign sites and the paywall seems to be everywhere . 
  may i ask how these vote numbers are calculated ? 
   capital controls within a monetary union are a contradiction in terms . 
  the greek government opposes the very concept . 
  his exact statement . 
  its not a win win situation , its a win win `` game '' . 
  troika didnt want to talk at all about debt sustainability and this is apparent from the fact that they suppressed the imf report . 
  referendum and closing in on the finish line helped bring these talks in the open . 
  well he is nothing but a mp now . 
  in the meantime there is a left platform in syriza directly asking for a grexit while proposing a magical anti-austerity plan that will save us all and give power to the people . 
  i do n't see how his views poison the public opinion on a bailout more than other things going on . 
   the deal will have to be accepted by the parliaments most true . 
  we have a long way to go . 
  i do n't know , it seems to me like varoufakis actually drove the game where he wanted ; the win-win situation ( if all goes well and a deal is made ) . 
  greece is n't heading towards a grexit and they achieved more that dry austerity in the form of debt substanability talks having been brought out of the closet greece 's creditors kept them in . 
  europe does n't lose money and stability with no grexit and greece actually agrees to reforms that could provide a more stable and credible country to work with in all aspects to work with . 
  sounds like a good game to me ( if all goes well ) . 
  what you say is very much true . 
  people will often critisize syriza that they didnt do anything for 5 months other than stalling the negotiations . 
  while this might be half true , the other half of the truth is that they could n't ; the `` clients '' of the previous goverments are everywhere and asking them to do their job so syriza can make things better is a foreign notion to them . 
  it 's actually not about friendship and helping at all . 
  it 's about geopolitics and economics . 
  `` analysis '' indicates a very early stage of progress . 
  i believe debt relief is not on the table as of now for discussion , other than a ( written ) promise for a commitment for future discussion on the matter . 
  how far that future is will depend on how hard the measures hit the economy to begin with . 
  `` and pay denbts '', 
  2012 if i am not mistaken . 
  or a baguette !, 
  if you follow the comment chain you can make a ( vague ) connection between germoney and romoneya . 
  tidys up itself , helps everyone else . 
  its sarcasm . 
  look for germoney in polandball comics . 
   rabbit bunny i guess ? 
  also where the hell do hippos get in . 
  [ they are pretty dangerous animals ] ( https://www.google.gr/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=utf-8#q=hippopotamus+attack+statistics ), 
  many people had them , mainly greeks and others wanting to show solicitation : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cjyzdmjwiaa6psh.png, 
  so if i am understading this correctly , if someone runs a webpage and wants to cite a major network 's page , he will have to pay a fee ? 
  romoneya pls bail grease out !, 
  if we want to be real and hope they are not complete morons ( chances ( hopes ) are they are not ) and they wanted to `` play the game '' the way they did , they did have a proposal in the workings and did n't bring it up for whatever reasons they saw fit , most likely as part of their `` win in overtime '' masterplan . 
  whatever 's done is done though and whatever strategies and hardlines were used wo n't matter if they do n't have their full comprehensive proposal tomorrow . 
  let 's hope for the best . 
  it a strategy . 
  they are playing their hand the way they are and it only remains to be seen who the stronger poker player is . 
  greece chose to get the game where they can call all in on the river and see what happens , but not without doing the appropriate last minute raise first ( sent esm the formal request with promises for immediate action ) . 
  i believe that a `` we dont like your proposal '' at tuesday 's eurogroup would immediatelly set all the grexit mechanisms in motion . 
  it was meant to be the final proposal , yet they managed to get another small extension until tomorrow . 
  if that fails , bye bye paraguay . 
  if that works , well like i said it worked . 
  greece needs to seriously get its shit together and anyone denying it is fooling himself . 
  just taking a moment to look at the way we have learned to live and operate disgusts me . 
  take a look at the receipt thread if you havent . 
  the `` we start on monday if we have a deal tomorrow '' is a promise syriza cant really run from . 
  and thats a good thing . 
  true that , but think about it for a second . 
  you bring your written proposals to the tuesday eurogroupa and they get rejected . 
  then what ? 
  making a verbal presentation and then waiting for the merkel-hollande-tsipras meeting and the ec as well as sending the formal request to the esm gave them the benefit of `` its now or never '' . 
  if he wins , well he won ( `` won '' ) . 
  if he loses , he has submitted a proposal ( in contrast to the ever repeating `` no new proposals '' ) that has been promised to be put in action as soon as monday . 
  it was a strategy . 
  call it a bad , gambling strategy but it was the one they followed and it remains to be seen if it pays off . 
  just like the 5 month negotiation nothingness we had to endure , they must have some reason for it . 
  even if it doesnt make sense to us since we do n't know all the variables in play . 
  as sad as it is , this happens on a regular basis more than i 'd like to admit . 
  greek tax officers do visit the islands . 
  but they do n't go there to monitor the businesses and impose and collect fines , but rather to collect their bribes to do the opposite . 
  they promised to be very specific with their proposal tomorrow ( not like they have any other choice ) , as well as voting the actual laws proposed above as soon as early next week ( which means monday-tuesday ) . 
  it has its ups and downs but it has improved a lot , at least for me . 
   i agree with the vat raise on tourist hotels . 
  fuck why not ? 
  almost all hotels on the turkish shorelines are of german interests . 
  more expensive greek hotels mean more business for turkish ( german ) hotels . 
  you should n't be surprised the country 's most profitable industry ( tourism ) is being asked to take a step back by germans , something that would profit guess who ? 
  germans . 
  maybe there was a small lack of rice or pasta for the first day or two ( they were constantly and instantly being restocked though ) after the capital control was announced but other than that everything is normal . 
  the `` armageddon is coming '' madness affected older people mostly . 
  literally the same thing . 
  what if it is ? 
  ties do politics ? 
  i think you underestimate the intelligence and rationality of people , american people in this case . 
  nukes are never the answer and history has taught us that well . 
  this is pretty much the same thing that happened in the richest area of athens ( ekali ) .
