i think we can all agree one has to be insane to do something like this . 
  because you have to be a phd in computer science to be a geandarm . 
  no one cares about france either, 
  many romanians spend the holidays in bulgaria because it 's cheaper . 
  i 've visited your country 4 times , last time this year . 
  the people are very , very friendly , and in some way very similar to romanians , except for the very different and weird language . 
  romania + bulgaria = love, 
  aka gypys/tigani/czigani , just don ' call them roma , idiots will confuse romanians with roma, 
  although i may be a little off topic in a way , i do n't like how british citizens usually treat romanians and bulgarians for example . 
  looking at other western and northern european countries , i sometimes get the feeling that they understand much better what free movement means and uk do n't . 
  so , with all the respect , maybe you should leave eu , it 's fine for me . 
  could someone please explain to me what kind of dialogue they have on the phone ? 
  why 35 fucking calls but no solution for the problem ? 
  i have always wondered what the heck do they talk about on the phone . 
  they argue ? 
  they speak with calm and keep disagreeing with each other ? 
  `` mr. putin everyone knows you 're suplying the separtists !, 
  no i 'm not yes you are !, 
  that 's not true '', 
  yeah , right, 
  worst president ? 
  have you ever heard of someone called iliescu ? 
  happy birthday europe !, 
  la multi ani europa !, 
  yeah it 's really not the same thing because during my 22 years of life i have never met an honest gipsy . 
  i challange western europeans to take them and `` integrate '' them . 
  it 's god damn impossible . 
  i heard in norway they gave them houses but they stole everything , even the electric cables to sell them . 
  well the guy filming is upset because the man who checks if people bought their tickets wo n't do anything to the gipsys who surprise !, 
  have no tickets . 
  the gipsys are complaining that they are discriminated even though it 's their fault . 
  at the end they get off the bus swearing `` peasants romanians '', 
  the worst thing you can do to a romanian is call him a gipsy . 
  the truth is , and i hope i wo n't get downvoted for my honest opinion , most of romanians hate them . 
  it 's not that they beg or that they are poor , it 's the fact that they are ** agressive ** . 
  as a child i was beaten by gipsys a lot of times , i was bullied in school . 
  i could n't do anything , because even the smallest response , like telling the teachers resulted in 20 roma people waiting for me outside the school . 
  they use public transport but never pay for it , and when they use it they [ speak loud and nobody can stop them ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7htefpunsa&amp;feature=share ) ( sometimes if they are n't too many they will behave ) . 
  just a few days ago i was playing counter strike and the guys from my team asked me where i am from , and when i told them romania , they assumed i 'm a gipsy and therefor started calling my gipsy . 
  it 's frustating . 
  and it 's evem more frustating when ( un-educated ) westerners do that , because they see romas beg and call them romanians . 
  definetly decreasing . 
  more and more corrupt politicians are getting convicted . 
  sometimes i wonder if westerners really make a difference between romas and romanians . 
  thank you kind stranger, 
  credits to the artist , balaceanu laurentiu, 
  exactly about that one, 
  how does romanian language sound to others ? 
  i heard it sounds like italian a little bit . 
  some americans told me it sounds sexy . 
  i hope i wo n't get downvoted just because i 'm stating my honest opinion , but as a romanian i do n't think romania is strong enough to support a country as poor as moldova . 
  we have our own issues and we just started to build a stronger economy , we ca n't merge with a country who 's gdp per capita is maybe 4 times lower than romania 's . . plus , after all these years we ' re different cultures . 
  i was was born in 1993 so in 2007 when romania joined the european union i was only 14 years old . 
  from my point of view , everyone was really excited , i do n't think i remember anyone being opposed to joing the e.u. 
  romania is not the richest country , but it has a rich culture . 
  people are great , and most importantly , they only wanted a west direction . 
  things are way better now . 
  traveling is really easy , the economy is much better , less coruption , but there are also downsides : the medicals system is not doing so good , simply because our doctors are paid sometimes even 10 times less than doctors in germany for example , leading to mass emigration . 
  i understand your point of view . 
  people know that the regime also did some really good things , but you sound like one of those old romanian women waiting for the bus , talking to each other how good was the ceausescu 's era because at least they had jobs and something to eat . 
  yes , everyone had a job then , but because of that there was no competition , so people got used to being lazy at work . 
  those problems with dambovita and the lakes and the lack of highways , i 'm pretty sure they would have been taken care of 10 times better if a communist regime did n't existed in romania . 
  i 'm sorry if someone will be offended by my statement , but westerners do n't seem to know that the roma people cause as much trouble here in romania that they do as `` immigrants '' in their country . 
  this is truly a european problem that have to be dealt with . 
  hating on ethnic romanians like me , or our fellow bulgarians neighbors is not the answer . 
  i have a beautiful country that joined e. u. 
  6 years ago , but always one step behind the west because of pickpoketing gypsies . 
  i was pretty sure this was going to be the top comment . 
  they are building with romanian tax-payer money, 
  everybody is free to believe in whatever the fuck they want , just not on my money . 
  can you read ? 
  i follow the religion of fucking respecting others and really do something about humanity , not praying to a imaginary god . 
  everybody is free to believe in whatever the fuck they want , just not on my money, 
  this kind of relligion produces lunatics ok ? 
  i will never be ok with muslims because of many reasons , and the number one reason is how they treat women . 
  i 'm a metalhead , but everybody listens to whatever the fuck they want , this is a very big festival in my country . 
  yeah , no thank you . 
  moldovans do n't really like romanians . 
  also they are really poor , romania ca n't afford to babysit them, 
  one of the reason even poor countries crom eu laugh at americans, 
  i speak : romanian ( native ) english ( 100 % fluent ) swedish ( currently learning ), 
  seriously ? 
  in romania i have unlimited 3g and calls in every network and internationally for 5 euros . 
  no sms tho , but that 's an ancient method of communication, 
  no it 's not ? 
  i live here also , and of course there are ugly areas , but from piata romana to cartierul aviatiei it 's a really beautiful place , especially aviatorilor area, 
  we get the same for 4 $ in romania, 
  it was about time . 
  i was there last night at the protest , but i did not expected ponta to resign so fast . 
  update : first 112 call was at 22:55 ( local hour ) . 
  26 dead , 142 wounded . 
  it appears that there was n't an explosion , just the ceiling lighting up after show pyrotechnics effects . 
  president iohannis is calling for a day of mourning, 
  can i really speak italian just by agitating my hands and shouting `` baba di buciii '' ? 
  at least college is free and i do n't have to make a loan if i break my foot , or need surgery, 
  if i would be in usa on comcast or in australia now , i would cry for days reading this . 
  oh wait , i live in romania and i 'm subscribed to this isp, 
  as a romanian , i was planning to visit london for a few days at the end of the year . 
  now i have reconsidered my plans . 
  is this discussed in your country as much as it is discussed in eu member countries ?
