nope , you make a complaint to some institution that should solve this problem . 
  when i look up to western media i mostly only see photos of children and families . 
  when i look in our media all i see is men in 20 's screaming and attacking police/borders . 
  demanding they have rights as a eu citizen . 
  ofcourse i sometimes see that too in west but it 's minority just like real refugees among those economic migrants . 
  but . . 
  but that was greece , not us !, 
  to add on some information . 
  you should be 18 to be allowed to drink by law . 
  everybody drinks from 15 if not even less . 
  i personally drink about 4l of beer per week and i am not 18 yet . 
  this is not exceptional , like 80 % of people of my age drink about the same . 
  we also drink a lot of vodka and rum ( with coke ) edit : typos, 
  please read it again, 
  i was in malta this summer . 
  i saw nothing and was drunk 2 weeks in a row :d alcohol was not that expensive, 
  to add on : people complain that they need to organise charity for some sick ( czech ) children so they could be treated in hospitals . 
  it 's been in tv constantly pointed out . 
  now suddendely 15 syrian children are offered free help from the government . 
  ordinary people are really pissed right now edit : typo, 
  remember the president election ? 
  when this came up , people got upset and did not want to talk about it at all . 
  by publicly i meant in tv political disscusions, 
  yup , drugs are pretty big deal in czech r. big part of the population is racist . 
  and we still ca n't speek publicly about [ expulsion of the germans . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bene%c5%a1_decrees ), 
  `` where are you from ? '', 
  `` czech rebulic '' `` oh , czechoslovakia '' - like wtf , that shit does n't exist for 25 years, 
  president milo\u0161 zeman - when he is not `` drunk '' he has good speeches . 
  not commenting about the content . 
  when you are asked have a beer or any other kind of drink . 
  just go and drink it, 
  i 'll have just as good chance to find the source as much as you . 
  it was repeteadly mention here and in several link shared here . 
  if you prove me wrong i be happy to aknowledge it . 
  there is a big difference . 
  syria is in civil war . 
  that meand different region of same country fight with each other . 
  this was an invasion by one of the biggest military alliances in the world . 
  no , i am saying that we are not breaking any treaties by refusing to take those refugees in . 
  and there is no outer power that has a right to force us doing it . 
  i would be personally happy if we would take 5k-10k voluntary . 
  but if somebody ( merkel ) tells us what to do or ... well that 's blackmail and duck them, 
  i never called him stupid . 
  if you want to criticise my answer , do it properly . 
  look it up , https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia, 
  eh , and who sets those values ? 
  those values can mean different thing to different people . 
  forcing your pov of the world on other people is just bad . 
  european values for me , mean our rich cultural history and point to help other people , but not to help them in suicidal ways . 
  but that 's matter of willingness of each country . 
  these agreements are only set for the first safe country the refugee goes to . 
  walking halfway thru the world to get to your dream country does n't count . 
  it 's hard to fight when you wake up and you find out your country has been invaded few hours ago . 
  when there is n't even a side to fight with against the occupants . 
  when your government says it 's `` good '' invasion . 
  czech radio station has been hiding and running away from russians for 3 days calling for help . 
  how are you supposed to fight when you do n't have that possibility . 
  comparing civil war to an government aprooved invasion is stupid . 
  you layed the argument on same level as did the `` president '' . 
  father told me : when we went to austria and we saw three gasoline stations in a row . 
  we were like `` why would anybody need so many gas stations in one town ? '', 
  mother : we went to see our friend in ulm ( germany ) whom have illegaly emmigrated . 
  she had two tv 's . 
  her own car . 
  and all that food in the grocery shops . 
  - some talks about elections - she said that a lot of her local friends did n't vote . 
  my mother went a bit crazy . 
  `` you can actually choose a political party and you throw your vote just like that away ? 
  you have all that freedom and democracy and you just say ` nah ' about it ? '', 
  her friend now moved back to prague . 
  the qoute is not precise , but the meaning stayed the same . 
  the church is going to pay some expenses . 
  it would be political suicide atm . 
  to invite muslims . 
  us and europe are not the same ... eu comission has no rights to send `` armed '' personel to countries without theirs approval, 
  irish drink more than czechs ?!, 
  we demand a trial by beer !, 
  the drivers did n't dodge ? 
  when there is a traffic jam everybody here makes a line in the middle for the ambulance . 
  in the czech news , it 's often discussed that czech republic has one of the best health care systems in the world . 
  it 's free dor `` students '' ( under 26 ) . 
  then your employer has to pay it for you . 
  ( one of the reasons why income is so low in czechia , about 30-40 % of what employer pays goes to the country , insurance and other stuff . 
  ambulance is by your place almost everywhere in 15minutes , prague in 5mins at max . 
  the main problem is that doctors are really under-paid . 
  you can see a lot of czech doctors working in germany and living on czech side of borders . 
  from what i know , it was n't abou if it is sekt or champagne . 
  more like that juice ca n't be named juice if it gets under some % . 
  i understand your pov . 
  everybody calls sekt a champagne here . 
  it 's not about name of brand but about name of the drink . 
  commies doing what they always did , steal and blame the victims, 
  i call myself a federalist , i want to see united europe , but in abou 50-80years ... 
  i do n't see it possible in the next 50years . 
  _ the current version of eu is a joke . 
  posts in eu are pseudo posts with no power , but high income ( eu mp has abou 3x more money then czech mp ) . 
  all they discuss is what kind of cheese is supposed to be named like . 
  that 's bullying , atleast it 's viewed like that here . 
  _ when we opposed quotas , instead of discussion , we got threats , if we wo n't listen to moma merkel dotations should be cut and shit like this .
