kauniainen is an city inside city close to helsinki , which is almost entirely populated by relatively wealthy and their kids . 
  and some people from there are rather pretentious pricks . 
  scale up the punishments back to the level when europeans were being civilized . 
  we have gotten soft , we do n't remember the means our great grandparents used to scare people into having morals . 
  of course stiff punishments need to apply for everyone not just migrants . 
  heres ireland . 
  http://www.centerforhealthjournalism.org/2014/08/08/public-death-certificates-without-causes-aren\u2019t-worth-paper i would not trust cdc on matters outside us . 
  have to dig sources but there are articles that stats are fudged in many countries . 
  edit : here is a quick example . 
  i am not referring to news , i am referring to statistics . 
  and there there 's no euphemisms , only the cold hard truth . 
  umm , nordic countries are also one with the painfully honest reporting both in crime and suicides . 
  umm and if you retreat what would prevent finns from obtaining supplies . 
  and if some of your troops stay , the food problem is solved . 
  it 's not like there would be holding back cannibalism on enemy thay tries to starve you . 
  yes i am finnish and i would not think twice between having my kids starve or feeding them some russian invader . 
   it means that the cabin pressurization is n't designed for higher altitudes . 
  there is a lot more than cabin pressurization that defines the flight ceiling for a plane . 
  the bigger factor is plane aerodynamic profile and engine power . 
  a standard issue su-25 , like the ones in use at ukraine simply lacks the aerodynamics or brute engine power for high altitude flight . 
  that plane can do maximum 7000m without any weapon payload , and 5000m with a full payload . 
  su-25 is intended for air to ground strikes , it does not need to fly high altitudes for that . 
  and since it is rather unlikely that a plane in warzone would carry only one missile , it would not be even able to reach the 7000m level . 
  a su-25 shooting down mh-17 is kremlin bullshit , and painfully obvious at that . 
  info like flight ceiling are common knowledge , so i 'd say that wikipedia is correct over some random propaganda site or edited video . 
  sure there are fighter jets that fly higher but su-25 is a ground assault plane . 
  it has not been designed to fly that high . 
  are you a troll or just propaganda victim, 
   could you give me a source ? 
  the plane was shot down at 10.000 metres . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sukhoi_su-25 service ceiling : 7,000 m ( 23,000 ft ) clean , 5,000 m ( 16,000 ft ) with max weapons . 
  but then again i 'd guess that you are a troll , and you know that you are lying . 
  ahem , reddit is american site running on operating system invented in finland , and is delivered over content delivery system ( html ) invented in switzerland , etc. 
  internet and services which run top of it are very much a result of global co-operation . 
  perkele is mild term for saatana . 
  when you hear saatana something bad is really about to happen . 
  and you might want to run . 
  people in general are very good at fooling themselves that they are safe and there is no actual need to do anything . 
  but those who did were strongly in favor of remain . 
  ignoring the past , and demanding time to go backwards and two markedly different things . 
   but what am i talking about , everyone on reddit thinks they know greece better than the people living here . 
  ahem . 
  what i wrote was `` i do n't know about greek situation '' . 
   i know you guys think we just fucked the economy ourselves but if you cant see that we are just a pawn in the grand scheme of things , i dont know what to tell you . 
  maybe come live here for some years and you 'll change your mind . 
  as i said i do not know about greeks except what my greek friends have told me . 
  but what i do know that what success finland has managed to obtain , came by adjusting to the environment and hard work . 
  when we joined eu , we took nothing for granted , and worked hard to gain advantage from it . 
   im sure you have heard that the eu subsidized us to basically throw orange crops in the trash and most animal farms had to reduce their population . 
  i grew up in a rural area and i still remember crates of oranges being dumped on the side of the road . 
  finns would never have tolerated that , i am pretty sure there would have been a ton of things that could have been done beforehand to make sure subsidies would have been better spent . 
  do n't go blaming eu for your own officials failures . 
  i refuse to call finnish exit as fixit , as it would break a shiton of things . 
  main supporters of finnish exit look like this http://www.paavovayrynen.fi fossils stuck in the 70s , who will die off soon anyway . 
  if you did not notice that small flag next to my username , i am not from uk . 
  so for me this is just a source of amusement , especially as finland has rather little trade to uk , so you guys ruining your economy does not matter that much to us . 
   all those salty brats had to do was just turn out vote and the outcome would have been different . 
   indeed . 
  this was enlightening discussion , i have been wondering what on earth is a brexit supporter thinking . 
  now i know . 
  i truly hope that some of your countrymen have paid attention to our little discussion , maybe some of them start to think . 
  you are so misguided that i do n't even know where i should start if i would try to explain things to you . 
  but that would be a waste of time anyway , as you would dismiss anything i tried to explain . 
  good day . 
   if/when your countries actually rise to the height of the uk , you will likely also want to leave the eu . 
  height ? 
  dude , uk is one point above in gdp per capitad compared to finland , i would not call that height . 
  below most eu countries in fact . 
   you truly are a fucking idiot . 
  i think your response tell me everything i need to know about you . 
  have you ever been earning your own salary yet ? 
   i hope you realize that leaving the eu is a much more radical move than staying , at the moment . 
  yes , it is radical , but not in the smart way . 
   at the moment , the eu has done more harm than good to most members , especially in the uk , destroying a lot of their industries . 
  industries get destroyed all the time , it 's the nature of progress . 
  what matters is creating new industries , in which at least for finland eu has been a critical resource . 
  without european standardization we finns could never have taken over the mobile phone market , even as we lost it later , we got good 15 years of profits from that . 
   at least in greece , i know for a fact that eu regulations have killed agriculture and the downfall of euro coupled with higher taxes have put a big dent in tourism , another major income . 
  i do n't know about greek situation , but in finland the farming regulations have helped a ton to reduce environmental damage caused by farming . 
  a lot of small lakes that were totally worthless when i was a kid , can be used for recreational use again , thanks to regulations on buffer zones and fertilizer use . 
  too bad , that greeks could not cope with change and demands on things being done better . 
   so . . you 're saying the 80 's truly were better economically . 
  why not go back to that ? 
  because you can not go backwards in time . 
  every period in time is a result of multitude of factors and people doing best on what they had available at the time . 
  the reason why 80s was good , because we were looking forward and were working hard to make the future a better place . 
  we did not look back and demand things to be like in the 50s . 
  which was rather easy since 50s sucked big time anyways , or so my dad used to tell me . 
  what i trying to explain to you , that the only way to accomplish anything is to be aware of the present and use what you have the best way you can . 
  and from what i can see , pissing of your customers and demanding old times back , is not smart . 
  but anyways , i guess we are done . 
  that 's a tempting thought . 
  i have to make a promise to myself , if i start thinking more of my generation than my kids when i get past 70 , i have to stop voting . 
   without eu regulation , the uk can usher in a second golden age of economic prosperity ( the first being after wwii ) . 
  yeah right . 
  i do n't know about uk , but at least finland has had a great success in trade to eu countries thanks to eu membership . 
  in late 80s we had our biggest recession ever , and without support from eu we would have been screwed . 
  and it 's trade to eu that has made us as wealthy as we are now . 
   if they ` do n't give a shit ' as you claim - why are they voting at all ? 
  because they want everything to be like in the 80s , when they were in their prime .
