  i kinda understand that , in retrospect 80s was a really good time , the prices kids are paying for their homes look truly horrible . 
  sure loans were hard to get back in the days , but construction was so much cheaper back then . 
   why would anyone not want to see their kids do well ? 
  beats me , it 's something that i do find rather puzzling . 
  i mean that everyone probably cares about their own kids , but does n't give a fuck about their kids generation , expect when badmouthing them . 
  and it 's not like it would be possible for my kids to prosper , without their generation also doing so . 
  english is not my native language so i hope i am making sense . 
  well , it probably will not halt all the trade , but it sure as hell wo n't improve it . 
   you 're just making an unwarranted assumption that old people do n't give a shit about their children . 
  i know way too many such people who do n't give a shit , and think only about themselves . 
  personally i want to see my kids to do well , and would not mind seeing some grandkinds soon , 
  and you are trying to force me to have an opinion that i did not state . 
  what i wrote was `` just like most other people who are very likely to die from old age during next 10 years or so . '', 
  which is a factual truth . 
  leave was strongest among people who have statistically the least amount of expected lifespan left . 
  and the dim was a point on john cleese himself , monty python was rather radical in his time . 
  seeing him as old codger who is clinging to past feels very bitter . 
  i loved his style , the little that we saw back in the 70s . 
  and which tends to be more beneficial ? 
  demanding things to be as they were in the past has never worked , past is irrelevant , future is that matters . 
  even as i might not be seeing that much of that future personally myself : /, 
  it seriously does . 
  and why nokia failed is very much because nokia forgot the wisdom of that saying , and thought that they know better than customers . 
   50 % of british exports go to eu countries . 
  about 8 % british imports are from other eu countries . 
   and some young people suffer from mental illness just the same so do n't be so patronising and bigoted . 
  i truly hope that majority of youngsters do not suffer for a mental illness . 
  and how i can be bigoted if i am despising people who are not that much older than i am ? 
  i am not , and i am not all that young myself either . 
  when you get older , you kinda get aware that you will not be here forever . 
  for some people it makes to think about kids and their future , for some people it makes irresistible urge to hang to the past . 
  i have very little sympathy for the latter group . 
  i would love to know what john cleese of 70s would have to say about the matter . 
  the fact is that youth who care about the future had a strong majority for remain . 
  the old people who just want things to be like when they were young voted for leave . 
  to me that is rather dim . 
  i am sorry that it sounds harsh , but it is the truth . 
   stop calling every leave voter stupid !, 
  well some of them were senile and unable to comprehend modern world . 
  the fact is that leaving an union that which has  50 % of a nations trade and expect everything remain the same is colossally idiotic . 
  in finland we have a saying that roughly translates as `` never piss off your customer '' . 
  it might be a very good idea for younger generation to get politically active and have their voice heard . 
  nice demonstration of 10 or 20 million people or so might be a good idea right now . 
  if finland would have had a similar result , i would be right now trying to figure out when is the first public demonstration against finnish exit . 
  spain announced that back in 2014 , and a plenty of things have happened since . 
  also for belgium would not be wise to be anti-eu at the moment , as eu institutions are very big chuck of their income . 
  doing that now might be unwise , that is if they want to get tourists from nordic countries that is . 
  scottish independence is rather dear topic to us due to shared history . 
  just like most other people who are very likely to die from old age during next 10 years or so . 
  it 's shame to see such a brilliant mind to go dim with old age . 
  dork knight, 
   brilliant cover , although largely irrelevant . 
  major leave figures are now backtracking faster than the speed of light and are pushing openly for eea access and are admitting that eu movement may not end . 
  eea fees are about the same as eu fees , or actually higher since eea memebers do not get any subsidies . 
  brilliant work brits , truly brilliant : /, 
  yes it is . 
  russia has immense troll operation to generate fake support, 
  otherwise swedes throw a hissy fit , 
  correction . 
  it means getting wasted on your underwear , which means it not that common and frowned on . 
  which of course makes it a popular joke . 
  well i have my suspicions that russias votes were more than just a bit inflated . 
  text messages should not be used as voting system , as they can be faked really easily . 
  same with app votes , with vpn and hacked client , you can create as many identities as you like and vote as much as you like . 
  yup , faking it is dead easy , there is no way to verify where a text message actually originates from . 
  may that glorious past keep you warm . 
  on those days london was also a capital of a global empire . 
  things are a _ bit _ different nowadays . 
  well , without eu london financial sector would not be what it is today , and that does bring quite a lot of money to the country . 
  face it , in many things uk has been benefiting enormously from eu , while complaining bitterly all the time . 
  frankfurt must be salivating right now . 
  but so far brexiteers have been against free movement . 
  most of them of course have not realized that it goes both ways . 
  assuming they are allowed without a visa , 
   demand responsibility from them . 
  this issue is self-inflicted . 
  of course we are demanding responsibility from them . 
  but that does not require panicking and running around waving hands . 
   to mitigate the threat that you , as a civilian , are facing requires armored vehicles and automatic rifles . 
  that is not ok . 
  these things indicate that you are in the middle of the conflict and you are not protected from it in any way . 
  there are times that require armored trucks and troops with automatic rifles . 
  and that is when the primary methods have failed , which is deportation of those who do not have a right to be in the country , and police work to catch those who have the right but are about to turn rogue . 
  currently we are at ratio of around 9 stopped attempts to every success , i hope police does get better and we are starting more effective deportations . 
  that map is inaccurate , back when sweden invaded poland finland was a part of sweden , and thus we too invaded poland . 
  finns actually got pretty famous for decimating everything on their way . 
  swedes were smarter they robbed everything they saw while finns simply destroyed . 
  you do n't understand european mindset . 
  we are not indifferent we just simply are not scared that easily . 
  also we do n't make that much noise about our actions as that would tip off the enemy . 
  after truck attack all big events after that have had singicantly better physical security . 
  for example couple strategically parked trucks to prevent copy cat attacks . 
  you just witnessed something very finnish happening , 
  we 'll see in a couple years . 
  once brexit is done , there is not that much of a reason to do business in uk , unless you are selling to uk . 
  i 'd wager that the rest of the functions will follow later , but obviously they are not going to state that before they are about to move . 
  this is a bank testing the waters . 
  yes . 
  and do you think they will have u.k. hq . 
  or even a branch office .
