  also what happens with the small german-speaking part ? 
  it sustains itself just like roads and some other infrastructure : tax money . 
  also the franconian flag is missing : / can somebody make a small icon of this ? 
  why not an eu army instead ( without the uk , if they do n't want to be part of it ) ? 
  when big state-owned infrastructure get privatized , they often get leeched out for money , basic services fail , prices rise . 
  it 's because they basically have a monopoly . 
  ( see also the other fails of railway privatization in e.g. 
  the uk ) also it is n't like the deutsche bahn is inefficient . 
  the german state gets 1 bn . 
  $ every year in profits from it . 
  they 're not yet part of the eu , so i really do n't know what the situation is ( `` may opt in to eu provisions on freedom of movement for workers '' in the section about octs ) but there are also some french oversea departments in the carribean , like the french part of saint martin, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_member_state_territories_and_the_european_union#dutch_overseas_territories it 's more complicated than stated in the video, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carrot_and_stick switzerland and norway got the carrot because they moved towards the eu . 
  exactly the same here in franconia , but beginning 2pm there is a tanzverbot ( no dancing or loud music allowed ) on christmas eve . 
   `` but actually i think we could get better terms than either norway or switzerland . '', 
  now that 's what i call wishful thinking, 
  i thought it was the same for medical insurance in the us because of some law of obama, 
  so no flavored hookah tobacco anymore ? 
   but not by nations with high productivity ( scandinavia , germany , uk , etc. ) . 
  i do n't mind them getting more money if they do n't take money from lobbyists anymore . 
  i got my presents from the [ christkind ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christkind ), 
  accidents will still happen and if you 're in one you 're in a better situation with a helmet than without . 
  it 's true that our infrastructure could and should be better designed for cyclists , but in most cases the minor inconvenience of wearing a helmet has a great benefit . 
  ( if i was n't clear enough in my posting : i 'm against mandatory bicycle helmets , but i still think you 're an idiot if you do n't wear one ), 
  my point is that often americans argue that the first thing dictators will do is take away your guns so you ca n't revolt , but hitler did the exact opposite, 
  that 's why the eu banned exporting lethal injection drugs http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16281016, 
   make bicycle helmets mandatory actually kills people by making less people drive bicycle and less people having the health benefits of cycling . 
  also bicycle drivers with helmets drive more irresponsible . 
  still this is no excuse for not using a helmet as often as possible the other points are already implemented or i would n't have much against them , but i see a big problem in your comparision : they are mainly about protecting you from yourself - gun control is mainly about protecting other people from you, 
   every time i discuss gun control on reddit i have americans talking about how they need it for revolutions . 
  if a dictator like hitler comes up ? 
  so people earning 100000 $ + will pay less taxes ? 
  edit : why am i downvoted ? 
  people earning more than 100k $ now pay 45 % and then will only pay 42 % . 
  it says so right in the article, 
  same in franconia, 
  exactly my first thought, 
   parties need 5 % of the vote to enter the parliament or at least three seats by a direct mandate [ 1 ] which is why we will still have the csu when it drops under 5 % germany-wide [ 1 ] http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/grundmandat#bundestagswahl, 
  better we would send them to prisons where they can learn from other inmates how to live a decent life that 's integrated in society . 
  while the butter shortage was real , i do n't think there were any serious butter for norway programs . 
  after heaters for norway we now need to send butter to norway again ? 
   it is regulated it 's not regulated enough . 
   a few placards are n't pushing anything yes they do . 
  if they did n't work they would n't be there . 
   kids are n't allowed to buy cigarettes that does n't stop them to get cigarettes somewhere, 
   excuse me ? 
  who are you ? 
  a citizen who wants drugs to be legal but regulated . 
  this is not about forbidding people to smoke , but to keep companies from pushing people to extremely unhealthy behaviour just for their profit . 
   kids have parents though . 
  to take this a bit further : so we also should be allowed to sell them alcohol because they have parents ? 
  drinking starts at 4pm in germany http://www.hornbach.de/data/shop/d04/001/780/491/739/96/dv_8_8015905_01_4c_de_20120328153817.jpg, 
  the too high meat consumption has a great part in the obesity epidemic we 're in . 
  deregulation seems like a bad idea . 
  those regulations are there for a reason . 
  reform regulations so far as they are hindering . 
  please reread what i wrote why it 's mostly useless . 
  vitamin a deficiency is only one effect of bad nourishment . 
  [ it 's available in many foods ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vitamin_a#sources ) which also provide other nutrients which the children lack and are most likely not harder to distribute . 
  while i think that there are many non-scientific anti-gmo sentiments out there not all of them are . 
  interestingly some pro-gmo arguments are also strongly anti-scientific : for instance the claim that it reduces the usage of pesticides . 
  the great majority for what gene modification is used in agriculture is implanting genes to let the plants produce pesticides or resistance to herbicides . 
  then you have calls for that gmos should be treated like the non-gmo variant of the same plant without any further checks . 
  you could introduce genes responsible for the production of some poison in a plant just like that . 
  so far i have n't seen many sensible uses of transplanting genes in agriculture ( no , letting rice produce one additional nutrient wo n't save people from malnutrition when they only eat rice ) . 
  imo precision breeding is the more useful and in discussions far underrepresented form of using advances in gene technology in agriculture . 
  so far i heard that it meant continental west-germanic at that time ( also the reason why the dutch are called dutch in english ) . 
  it was long before the idea of national states . 
  if you go back a few centuries further everyone in ( germanic ) scandinavia said that they were speaking in danish tongue ( d\u01ebnsk tunga ), 
  this is one of the cases where apple has data that it should n't . 
  i wonder why you posted this link , when the author itself admits it being an overreaction and links a more nuanced article : if have icloud drive activated even unsaved documents in icloud supporting programs get saved to icloud drive . 
  the original claim was that apple is tracking your apple pay transactions . 
  nothing has been brought forth to support that claim . 
  you do n't have to trust apple . 
  there are independent security researchers trying to find security holes and verifying the claims by apple . 
  they earn their money through other ways than tracking you ( high transaction fares for instance when using apple pay ) . 
  they 're even advertising with not tracking you . 
  they still have some data of you they should n't have but in the case of apple pay your data is secure from apple . 
  amazon is building shipping hubs in poland and czechia without having websites there . 
  why lower wages and less union interference than in germany . 
  i also rose a. 
  it through sweden this summer ( 2 weeks ) . 
  i think if you ride with the bicycle you always need a map because the signs are either only made for cars or they 're only for villages maybe 10 km ahead . 
  if you look for studies it 's not like that . 
  people will feel safer , but it wo n't actually be safer . 
  rape is a very bad example : most people think of a stranger jumping out of a dark street corner , but that 's only a marginal number of cases . 
  the great majority of rape cases are committed by someone the victim knows . 
  you do n't need street lamps on both sides for such small roads as in the example pic . 
  ( apart from the fact that street lamps are largely unneeded anyway , but people will complain if you take them away ... ), 
  how much road signs you use largely varies from country to country . 
  germany for instance is a road sign forest . 
  by what i 've heard the uk does n't have a rule that the one coming from the right has the right of way so they have lots of markings on the ground . 
  why put all those ugly cables onto masts again : c . when you 're opening the streets it 's the perfect opportunity to put them under them . 
  the masts even sometimes are in the way for pedestrians : http://i.imgur.com/aqhd0rg.jpg also i see no cycleways . 
  i had to walk over 1 km to the bus station to school . 
  i think even my grandmother with her rollator could walk that amount in under half an hour . 
  half an hour of walking is more like 2.5 km for normal walking speed . 
  actually not at all . 
  the brand is owned by a company in berlin and the beer is brewed in germany, 
  i 'll just repost my comment from / r/technology on this article : this is a very bad joke .
