  the government is currently allowing the former state owned deutsche telekom to monopolize their net again to get from 50 mbit/s to 100 mbit/s using vectoring . 
  they do this to get more money and avoid lying fiber which would be the sensible thing to do . 
  basically everyone in europe is currently lying fiber and germany is greatly lagging behind trying to use telephone cables that were laid down a hundred years ago . 
  come on , the majority of people do unpaid overtime . 
  it 's your right to get compensation for that . 
  if you 'd try to get money for that by constantly asking you 'd probably get problems . 
  if you went to court to get what 's rightfully yours you would get fired . 
  fighting means that you will lose your job, 
  that 's not really only the french model but the european model wholly : worker 's rights and protection . 
  we can also try the opposite model of a [ race to the bottom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/race_to_the_bottom ) and compete with countries like china . 
  one reason why france is so bad off is that other countries do n't do as much for their workers . 
  also in germany . 
  nobody cares though . 
  it seems to me that the laws protecting workers are the ones enforced the laxest and ignored the most next to maybe traffic laws, 
  there are language groups that are far more dissimilar that get put grouped together into one like chinese or arabic . 
  nothing in this video says that he was a migrant . 
  it only says that he looked southern . 
  some more information ( in german ) : http://www.freiepresse.de/lokales/chemnitz/tatort-spielplatz-kind-sexuell-missbraucht-artikel9266622.php, 
  there 's always been some parts that today lie in the republic of macedonia and especially after the first expansions the area of today 's extend of the republic of macedonia has been part of ancient macedonia . 
  the roman province of macedonia , that existed longer than the macedonian kingdom itself also included what is today the area of the republic of macedonia . 
  when the province was split up the part mostly consisting of the area of the republic of macedonia kept the name macedonia with the addition salutaris . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_ ( roman_province ) #macedonia _ salutaris, 
  * going to the present . 
  the so-called french from ffrof , are part of the romance family . 
  romans emigrate to western europe at 200bc-100 ac . 
  germanic people have been there for a thousand years . 
  even if you suposse that the frankish tribe were n't germanic , its really hilarious to claim monopolising this name , since its more likely to be for them to have been mixed , not only with `` frankish '' , but with celts and other groups as well , let along that frankish ( ancient ) were not that picky , to wait for the roman migration to be mixed . 
  * * this region of germany , has been always called franconia . 
  * * now , you can see a country created just some years ago , trying to name itself france as well!not only they have no connection from the historical point of view , they also have no connection in the ancient land 's point of view , but yet , they are claiming even alsace-lorraine !!, 
  there are also some limburgs in germany . 
  i think the macedonia situation is a bit comparable to bavaria/bohemia the words bavarian and bohemian both stem from the [ boii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boii ) , a celtic tribe that lived in this region . 
  like in macedonia nobody speaks a language that is derived from what the original group spoke . 
  both the bavarian/bohemian and macedonian region have gone through population changes and people adopting different languages ( the historical macedonians even adopted attic greek leading to death of the ancient macedonian language ), 
  the [ baltic languages ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_languages ) share some similarities with the slavic languages but are separate from them . 
  monaco , if you live there you 're probably rich . 
  as long as you 're rich it does n't really matter where you live . 
  the eu decided that they should only stay in italy and greece . 
  seems like the actions of the refugees make way more sense, 
  asia is way more overpopulated if you take away uninhabitable places like the taklamakan and harsh environments like tibet , mongolia or the russian part of asia ( we also have sparsely populated regions like northern scandinavia ) . 
  if you look at the numbers of refugees in africa you will think that the discussion in europe is a joke because here the numbers of refugees are so low . 
  the americas are too far away , as well as australia . 
  i do n't think we need to talk about antarctica . 
  then you have the problem that poorer countries simply ca n't provide as much help . 
  you get huge tent cities where diseases break loose . 
  did n't know that there 's a war in belarus and the baltic states where you would flee through poland . 
  when they flee from their home country into the neighboring country the crossing of the border already is most likely illegal . 
  there 's basically no legal way to become a refugee at all . 
  when it comes to life and death like in the situation of people fleeing a war morality becomes way more important than law . 
  is it immoral that they want to get into a country that 's helping them ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  all the neighboring countries are overstrained . 
  the autonomous kurdish republic for instance has an additional 50 % of its population as refugees . 
  if you do n't want to live at least the next decade in a tent without getting a job and barely able to keep yourself alive you need to go further . 
  by your definition edward snowden also did n't flee to russia but migrated to it , because he first was in china . 
   their colonies are literally ` france ' . 
  ftfy, 
   trying to divert attention to something that happened decades ago . 
   already warned a decade ago that over half of all registered offenses in sweden are associated with immigrants . 
  interesting that decades only make something unimportant when it 's someone else 's argument . 
  also that you did n't read my comment at all . 
  yes the problems are going to get worse because it looks like sweden ( as a whole , not only the government ) will act out against the immigrants instead of integrating them more . 
  this really will make the situation worse . 
  the gang violence started with the nordic biker war . 
  saying it 's a problem because of immigrants is pure populism . 
  the real problems are that the immigrants ( and their children ) often are n't well integrated and have no perspective for their future . 
  this is the reason why the situation sucks . 
  sd and others say that it sucks because they are immigrants and not swedes . 
  if they come to power they will just make the situation for the immigrants worse and thus the whole situation . 
  the grenades and stuff is gang violence and does n't really have anything to do with immigration . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_nordic_biker_war just take a look in the article at the name . 
  every day there are crimes committed by people without immigration background . 
  but that does n't get posted e.g. 
  here because it does n't fit into the story of the bad immigrants destroying sweden, 
  eh since when are japan and usa european ? 
  that 's actually china ( kind of unfair though , because often they only have been attacked ) . 
  [ yeah , they use axes and explosives instead of knifes to attack poeple ] ( http://www.svd.se/sd-politiker-och-nazist-i-dynamitharva-pa-vastkusten ), 
  it 's not a sad thing , most of the time there are connections to gangs that also commit other crimes . 
  do they ? 
  they have a low homicide rate , but i think other crimes have a pretty high rate there ( theft , ... ), 
  thanks for clearing it up for me, 
  i mean more when fmv raided kockums ( which is n't even mentioned in the article ), 
  i still wonder why what they did with kockums did n't lead to any repercussions, 
  sorry but i do n't think the uk is a cultural center . 
  the time of british dominance in music was decades ago ( the beatles even got big in hamburg btw , that 's over 50 years ago ) . 
  most of the european pop music is written by some swedes today . 
  then you cite a few tv series . 
  the british successes are few . 
  most of the movies and tv series are actually pretty much american . 
  it 's still the american market that decides how the next game of thrones episodes will be . 
  but that all does n't matter because a city is being called cultural when you can actually experience culture there . 
  berlin offers lots of small artists because it is a ( still relatively ) cheap place . 
  i do n't know what you can experience culturally in london . 
  pop concerts you will find everywhere else in all other big cities ? 
  in franconia , it 's the center of the eu . 
  also we have good beer for okay prices . 
  strange that people only claim that it 's syriza 's fault when it 's negative stuff, 
  maybe because some parts of africa are part of the eurozone ? 
  ( mayotte , r\u00e9union , canary islands , ceuta , melilla ) they forgot saint pierre and miquelon though on the map , otherwise the eurozone looks complete . 
  haha , they first have to abolish the 1 and 2 cent coins in most of the eurozone . 
  dropping everything lower than 10 cents seems like a good idea to me though,
