  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glyphosate#genetically_modified_crops but there are also some cool uses for gene modification like glofish . 
  i asked myself the exact opposite question . 
  1.5 % percent of houses are still vacant although there are such high prices ? 
  germany counts even less people . 
  they will send you to some useless lessons . 
  while you 're there you are not officially seeking work . 
  edit : coconuts -  counts, 
  fun fact : the catholic church rules beaver as fish and not meat , so you 're allowed to eat it on friday . 
  in the usa money is missing to repair bridges . 
  bridges collapse . 
  people are wondering what is done with their money and demand lower taxes . 
  even less bridges can be repaired . 
  the cycle continues, 
  that 's easy to say when you sit in central europe with no non-schengen borders, 
  they were also accused of poisoning wells which you can pretty much consider an act of terror . 
  and then the next step would be families where there not only would be no father or no mother but also just one parent . 
  oh wait , we already have that . 
  there 's an saying in germany : the revolution in germany will fail because of a sign : do not step on the grass, 
  germany : there is basically internet over cable and over telephone line ( dsl ) cable : usually 100mbit or less if you want to pay less . 
  if you 're living in a region with many people that use internet over cable your internet will be very slow in the evening because cable is a shared medium . 
  dsl : if you 're very very lucky and live at a special place in a city you will get vdsl ( 50 or 25 mbit ) otherwise you will get adsl ( 16 mbit down to 0,384 mbit depending in how far you live from the next central telecom building ) if you 're unlucky and live on the countryside you will still have to use isdn with horrendous prizes and only 0,064 mbit . 
  nobody will build infrastructure for you . 
  the german telecom says it costs to much and if someone else would build up infrastructure the german telecom will also come and grab all customers , so there 's no chance of getting real internet . 
  also much from the antique classic european values came through a detour of the arabs . 
  they 're eaten in bunches of three ( drei im weggla ) . 
  also the bead roll must be round and not oval , otherwise it would be kipfle and not a weggla . 
  very strange division at lear in bavaria . 
  for comparison the regierungsbezirke and landkreise : http://gkh2000.de/bayern/ausgabe_bay_karte_gross.jpg, 
  no because the term race as it is defined in biology does n't make sense for humans . 
  you call them by the the feature that 's important for the situation . 
  if you 're talking about discrimination based on skin color you refer to groups of people by their skin color . 
  if where they live is the important factor you call them by the city or region where they 're from . 
  racial theories try to separate humans into universal distinct groups . 
  this has several problems . 
  genetic , cultural and geographic borders do n't really match up . 
  neighboring groups normally overlap and there are many people that would fit in multiple groups . 
  for dog breeds you can easily say which race a dog is . 
  also the genetic difference between individuals in a supposed human race is way bigger than between supposed human races . 
  what this means is that when differences matter we should just use those differences and we should n't divide people into races beforehand . 
  the thing is that racial borders are pretty much totally made up . 
  you can really see this if you look at old racial views . 
  what special privileges ? 
  afaik it 's not banned . 
  it 's not . 
  at least not in germany . 
  still there is no scientific backing for the classification of humans into multiple races . 
  ( you ca n't draw exact borders and genetic differences in groups is much bigger than between groups ) . 
  ethnic groups are way smaller so i do n't think they asked that . 
  send more people around in europe ( not only a limited amount of students ), 
  maybe down vote brigade from / r/niggers or / r/whiterights ? 
  some trolls here are from there . 
  yes we refer to them as people with white skin color or black skin color . 
  the term rassismus is frequently used . 
  theory of human races usually are the basis for racism ( for instance the aryan master race and jewish race in the third reich ) so dividing humans in rassen ( races ) is already seen as rassistisch ( racist ) . 
  im wondering what question they asked in germany . 
  in the german language the concept of races does n't exist anymore in regard to humans . 
  i think there are still many hurdles to a common feeling of a fair united europe . 
  one problem i think is the ( felt ) domination of big states . 
  even franconia ( only the big part that lies in bavaria counted ) has nearly as much inhabitants as ireland and more than twice as much as slovenia , but not even a third of the inhabitants of bavaria which is just a substate of germany . 
  another problem is that the more people are affected from a law the more the people feel like the law has been decided over their head . 
  there are many cases where laws being cross-boundaries does n't have any additional positive effect . 
  such things also could be regulated locally . 
  it 's a attempt to stop the restaurant owners doing it i think . 
  in radio they said they want to do this to stop cheap oil getting mixed into the olive oil, 
  also adoption for heterosexual couples that ca n't get children, 
  gay animal couples adopting or stealing young happens in nature . 
  because it 's really the free market that built up e.g. 
  silicon valley and not the heavy military investment there . 
  it 's silly to say that the european union is n't democratic . 
  the commission is democratically elected by the democratically elected european parliament and by the european council which is democratically legitimized by the elections in the member states . 
  i 'm not saying that things could be better and i also think that the parliament should have more power , but calling the european union undemocratic is just silly . 
  especially coming from a british perspective with the undemocratic house of lords where there are unelected bishops, 
  afaik you ca n't usually drive across countries with a rented car/motorcycle . 
  because they 're very important for illegal activities . 
  even the us uses them to try to bribe russian spies : http://rt.com/news/fsb-detain-cia-agent-253/, 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/notice.do?val=227776:cs&amp;lang=de&amp;list=419653:cs,418699:cs,249291:cs,240224:cs,241554:cs,240986:cs,373903:cs,227776:cs,346856:cs,&amp;pos=8&amp;page=1&amp;nbl=10&amp;pgs=10&amp;hwords=nr%20%20974%20%20%2098~&amp;checktexte=checkbox&amp;visu=#texte article 11 in the german law this is stated as a you have to accept up to 50 coins . 
  with the deutsche mark you had to accept even more . 
  cheaper materials ? 
  1,2 and 5 cent coins are already out of steel . 
  what are they planning to use ? 
  wood ? 
  as kids we did n't like the owner of a shop so we got some rolls of 1 pfennig ( = 0,0056 $ ) coins and bought sweets with the loose coins . 
  it 's more clearly a language divide : the top countries all have germanic languages . 
  belgium is definitely an outlier because of their pommes frites . 
  36 $ go to gema and other organizations for every smartphone you buy in germany . 
  sorry but your history is n't straight . 
  gun laws most of the time were quite strict in germany . 
  with the treaty of versailles guns were heavily restricted ( no import and export , manufacturing only when allowed by the allied forces and other very restrictive laws ) . 
  hitler only unarmed jews and a few other groups he did n't like , but for everyone else the restrictions were eased . 
  for example everybody could get a rifle or any ammunition without any requisites . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/waffengesetz_ ( deutschland ) #mittelalter _ bis_1945 i 'm quite happy with current gun laws , but there are way too few checks if the weapons are stored properly or what happens with the weapons if the owner dies . 
  the market is n't interested in facts . 
  from their perspective people in southern states are corrupt and lazy . 
  the uk on the other hand is made of financial experts , so everything there is alright . 
  yay, 
  afaik rabies in bats is different from normal rabies so it gets counted differently here in germany . 
  because they can help you detect problems , so you can further investigate . 
  the problem arises when you are just searching for facts that back up your plans or take the simplest action . 
  i 'm very positive towards it . 
  germany pays only very little interest right now because of the situation of some countries .
