  you have to see fukushima a bit more abstract . 
  people were told nuclear catastrophes can only happen in russian reactors and catastrophes are impossible in other reactors . 
  many people now do n't think that catastrophes can happen only in russian reactors and when there are big tsunamis and heavy earthquakes , but they think that things happen that were n't thought of and can lead to situations deemed impossible . 
  only after such disasters have happened you know of the problems . 
  two years ago you would n't have believed possible what happened at fukushima . 
  what did she do ? 
  can someone explain it ? 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/ec-eu-enlargement_animation.gif algeria also was part of the unions the eu developed from , as it was part of france until 1962 . 
   scum i know why you are feeling this , and it 's not a problem if that 's the first impression you get . 
  but it 's very important to control our emotions when it comes to such touchy topics . 
  uncontrolled emotions is what lead to this in the first hand . 
   how many times must we sane europeans explain to `` liberals '' ( aka cultural marxists ) , that ` multiculturalism does not work ?! ... ', 
  oh god , how often must we intelligent good-looking educated people explain `` conservatives '' ( misantrophic nazis ) what multiculturalism means ? 
  and chao , the holy cow, 
  you forgot the words `` threaten to '', 
  funny , how it was only old soviet reactors that could be dangerous a few years ago . 
  sensationalist headline . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/food#international_exports_and_imports http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/cache/ity_offpub/ks-sf-11-027/en/ks-sf-11-027-en.pdf page 7 . 
  5 billion $ deficit , although we export high price goods like beverages that do n't take so much space . 
  http://aprodev.eu/files/trade/aprodev%20cap%20lobby%20brief%204_animal%20feed_final.pdf  45 million tonnes of feed materials were imported in 2008 for the production , consumption and subsequent export of a wide array of animal products . 
  the dependency on imports is even more evident when it comes to protein feed , which amounted to 24 million tonnes of proteins for intensive animal keeping systems . 
  about 72 % of europe 's demand for protein feed crops is met by imports , mainly soy from brazil , argentina and the usa . 
  to produce this , an area of 20 million hectares of land outside of europe is needed , an equivalent to 10 % of europe 's own arable land . 
  what surplus ? 
  europe is a net food importer , people would starve in europe if we would n't import food . 
  what do you think the cattle is fed with ? 
   7 ) they can get power directly from an external power plant ( paneliankosken voima oy ) 8 ) they can get power directly from an hydroelectric plant in harjavalta . 
  what do you mean with directly ? 
  harjavalta is over 50 km away . 
  i do n't think these deserve a seperate point . 
   6 ) batteries will only run up to minutes until the diesel generators are ready , so hardly worth a mention . 
  also that 's only the average wage , the distribution is also very important . 
  yes the uk should leave the eu , so it has to adopt eu law without voting on it and paying money without getting anything back just like switzerland, 
  and who will build it for a good price ? 
  areva certainly wo n't after the failure of olkiluoto ii ( siemens already got out of the nuclear business because of it ) . 
  do you want it to be built by the russians or the chinese ? 
  it misses many in franconia ( we have over 300 , highest density in the world ) http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_der_brauereien_in_bayern, 
  there 's a ball once a year directly after the event where students get their abitur certificate . 
  the ball is n't an official event of the school and organized by the students . 
  the only thing that gets voted apart from student representatives is for the abitur newspaper ( although it 's more like a book ) , made by the students , which gets sold after the final tests to the whole students body . 
  one question i can remember is who get 's married first and i can also remember that we ( the people organizing the newspaper ) dropped one question because we thought it was harassing for somebody . 
  this is in germany btw . 
  do n't those usually have someone protecting them ? 
  in germany there are many kindergardens and hospitals that are run by the churches but financed by the state . 
  marry a second time and you 're fired . 
  you 're outing yourself as homosexual ? 
  maybe they fire you because of this . 
  and you can do nothing about it, 
   the document also calls for a new european police organisation to guard the union 's external borders and for a single european visa . 
  do neutral countries exist anymore at all ? 
  even switzerland which is the personification of neutralness have ( had ? ), 
  a few soldiers in afghanistan . 
   again , the study does not provide a breakdown of how many of these applications were successful . 
  without this it gets very speculative . 
  were the applications handled faster because more people that obviously do n't fit the requirements ? 
  i 'm certainly no nazi , but those jews are poisoning our wells !, 
  it just does n't work without a fiscal union . 
  empire of europe , but who becomes the emperor/empress ? 
  common military almost happened in the 50s : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_defence_community what would be so bad about it ? 
  yes we did but those actions show that there 's still a long way to go . 
  they did n't ask `` do the u.s and your country share enough common values to cooperate ? '', 
  as soon as you set targets and goals by rankings , those targets get useless because everybody tries to optimize for this model and not for what you really wanted to measure . 
  why do n't they just pay what 's written in the contract ? 
  he sure ca n't kick them out because they 're not paying their rent, 
   i for one just do n't see germany and austria arguing within the eu level because they 're pursuing different politics , in fact , their policies look incredibly similar . 
  just watch german news . 
  nearly daily the csu and the cdu are arguing about something . 
  i do n't know much about the politics of austria ( more lax `` youth protection '' when it comes to media , more lax drug laws ) especially when it comes to the european level . 
  the only countries where i kind of know this are the spain , france , uk and germany . 
  i 've only once paid not by cash ( excluding wire transfers ), 
  what do you prefer ? 
  one large powerfull germany with one strong government you have to deal with or some small states that have different governments that pursue different politics ? 
  would be interesting to see the differences of the results in frankonia , swebia and the rest of bavaria, 
  one the one side bavaria is a bit of a special case in germany . 
  it has its own variety of the conservative party ( christian social union instead of the christian democratic union which reign bavaria since wwii ) . 
  in some points like language or lack of timber frame houses the bavarians ( not including the swabs and frankonians ) even share more with the austrians than the rest of germany . 
  on the other side bavaria is a integral part of germany . 
  this is why i think it should become independent when the eu takes over some responsibilities germany has today , so that it does n't become totally detached with the rest of germany and europe . 
  considering that germany is the country with the biggest population in the eu cutting it apart may be a good idea to limit a too strong influence . 
  bavaria would be the 8th biggest state in the eu between the netherlands and greece . 
  only as a part of a stronger european union . 
  i think they only want to cause fear . 
  do n't you think maybe the high costs and delays are because of the expensive workforce and the high security standards in europe ? 
  one thing that happened in olkiluoto is that someone used a cheap cement instead of a special one . 
  they removed it and did it new which threw them back . 
  do you think that they would do the same in china , where the epr is built `` significantly faster and cheaper than the first two eprs in finland and france . '', 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_pressurized_reactor ) ? 
  and you 're assuming prices building nuclear reactors will stay constant/go down . 
  i think you should be familiar with olkiluoto iii, 
  how much does chocolate cost in portugal ? 
  17 seems pretty normal to me, 
   the routes will be straight and direct . 
  yes yes yes . 
  here they build bikelanes apart from the straight streets on plane surface . 
  the bike lanes go up and down the hills and taking curves . 
  then there are many places where you have to dismount or are extremely dangerous . 
  they only harassed you because you 're from prussia, 
   the crisis is already hitting germany . 
  not really . 
  unemployment rates have n't been as low since 20 years .
