  - the housing situation is terrible in many situations . 
  it 's especially bad as previous governments have stopped social housing programs . 
  - we 're running towards a really bad nightmare . 
  we 're having lots of taxes right now , but do n't do the infrastructure investments that are necessary . 
  still we are making new debts . 
  the next small recession and we 're doomed, 
  you should use non-breaking thin space as a thousands separator instead of the normal space : 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0003, 
  come on , extremely many people have lighter hair when they 're young . 
  showing a picture of children is n't really helping . 
  millions of people getting slaughtered ? 
  where ? 
  maybe you mean the situation in somalia which was caused by military intervention ? 
  come on , humanitarian stuff is only the thing how it is sold to the greater masses . 
  i do n't see government action as one homogenous block , there are also people that are against war . 
  military actions are not done because we want to help someone but because of our own interests ( and americas interests because of the nato ) . 
  like i said there are better ways to do something . 
  for instance there were some diplomatic successes even with the taliban before the afghanistan war like bringing opium production dramatically down . 
  same thing basically happened with low german as far as i know . 
  violence and war is n't the only solution to get things done in world politics, 
  you 're wrong about the part with the radical muslims being more common than radical christians . 
  you do n't need to look to far to find a surprisingly large amount of surprisingly radical christians . 
  one difference may be that christians travel to other countries to go on missionary work . 
  i 'd rather would like it if we worked on becoming as neutral as powsible, 
  that is n't an argument for islamophobists . 
  and christianity is so much better ? 
  islamophobes are often preaching it . 
  what germany did there in the second world war . 
  there is n't much you learn about other countries except in history lessons or if you learn the language spoken there . 
  did gandhi mandela or king change the mind of extremists ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and they target them rightly so, 
  do you really think somebody believing such a bullshit can be convinced by reasonable arguments from someone they want to attack ? 
  preserving european culture ? 
  what ? 
  how do you do that ? 
  teach people about the enlightenment ? 
  or is it simply dumb crying about `` muslims destroying our values '' ? 
  every time somebody said he fights for preserving `` european values '' he did the latter . 
  because european countries are doing the same ? 
  what ? 
  you seem to not understand what ethnic groups are . 
  they 're not defined by language alone ( also there are some clear differences between english english and irish english for instance ) . 
  you are a ethnic group if you feel like a group because of common cultural features, 
  they are just mapping male lineage ( they 're maps of several groups of y chromosomes which can only be inherited from father to son ) . 
  ethnic groups are a totally different concept : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_group, 
  i think that part of the map highlights the problem with the equation of language with ethnicity , which was much more common at that time . 
  the problem exists otherwhere too . 
  you 'll find lots of austrians with slavic names . 
  in the region i 'm living in some names of places stem from celtic origin , some basically mean that there lived slavic people there . 
  english version :  1 . 
  any operator shall meet any reasonable request to provide a european asq connectivity product as specified in paragraph 4 submitted in writing by an authorised provider of electronic communications services . 
  any refusal to provide a european asq product shall be based on objective criteria . 
  the operator shall state the reasons for any refusal within one month from the written request . 
  it shall be deemed to be an objective ground of refusal that the party requesting the supply of a european asq connectivity product is unable or unwilling to make available , whether within the union or in third countries , a european asq connectivity product to the requested party on reasonable terms , if the latter so requests . 
  where the request is refused or agreement on specific terms and conditions , including price , has not been reached within two months from the written request , either party is entitled to refer the issue to the relevant national regulatory authority pursuant to article 20 of directive 2002/21/ec . 
  in such a case , article 3 ( 6 ) of this regulation may apply . 
  there 's heavy regulation about sugar beets in the eu : http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/sugar/index_en.htm farmers are paid pretty good through that . 
  the eu will slowly liberalise all this though . 
  first time i heard that . 
  can you give an citation for that ? 
  you can also place other things in front of the verb than objects : klockan tio \u00e4ter jag frukost . 
  english with v2 would be : at 10 o'clock eat i breakfast, 
  but swedish also dropped cases and still retained v2 . 
  counterexample : icelandic and faroese are more similar to old norse than for instance norwegian, 
  english has n't adopted any grammar from other languages ? 
  then why has it dropped verb second order that every other germanic language has ? 
  pirate party . 
  i think they can do the most at eu level . 
  loud minority, 
  threshold already is 3 % . 
  the constitutional court only decides whether it will be totally abolished . 
  there 's still the sahara to cross, 
  i guess hamburg would n't like it as well . 
  no i 'm not . 
  the anschluss ballot paper is just the most known example for manipulating the choice of people . 
  yeah , the anschluss thing is lacking all the colour , big symbols and everything . 
  we had the same discussion a few years ago in germany . 
  the only difference was that there was no opt-out . 
  having an opt-out can be used as a counter-argument against everything . 
  there are however some problems with internet filters . 
  they 're more similar to the censorship we have rightfully abolished and pretty dissimilar to the censorship that 's accepted today : - censorship used to work the way that after you wrote something you had to get the permission to publish by the censor . 
  today we 're used to first publish and only if someone comes across it and deems it illegal it is taken down . 
  the internet filters do n't work that way as they would be even less effective as they are now . 
  - taking down something right now is a juristic act . 
  we do n't have some clerk anymore that decides wether to allow something or not by his arbitrariness . 
  we have judges that use legal actions that developed over centuries to be as fair as possible . 
  with the internet filter this again is brought back to the status where you have to rely on someone 's arbitrariness . 
  there are several problems this has like abuse or the use of the blocklist to find content , but i think most of them are clear so i wo n't go further into them . 
  in the end the internet filter was prevented in germany mostly with the slogan `` deleting instead of blocking '' as the main argument for the internet filter was child pornography . 
  today you can get down this content extremely fast even when it stands in other countries . 
  after the internet filtering law was dropped it was shown that child pornography only was a pretence and that they wanted to do all kinds of scary stuff with the filter . 
  http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/71795000/jpg/_71795679_71795678.jpg yes it is an opt-out . 
  who would n't want to `` protect all the devices '' and `` keep your family safe '', 
  http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/71795000/jpg/_71795679_71795678.jpg http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/57/stimmzettel-anschluss.jpg, 
  i was referring to the first question of the study : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb80/eb80_first_en.pdf ( page 12 ) 63 % of maltese , 33 % of brits and 23 % of bulgarians are there scared about immigration as an issue facing their country, 
  the questions they asked were  what do you think are the two most important issues facing ( our country ) at the moment ? 
  and  and personally what are the two most important issues you are facing at the moment ? 
  so people are scared by immigration , but do n't really face the effects of it personally . 
  previous discussion about the full eurobarometer : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1thkdi/newly_published_eurobarometer_80/, 
  worried personally , when asked how worried they are about immigration for the uk the numbers are significantly higher .
