  also lots of esoteric crap they continued to test although it already was clear that it did n't work, 
  you also wrote nothing about babies . 
  suddenly it also happened when the security was there which is so strongly needed . 
  also suddenly it was yourself and not just your friends who saw it, 
  typical fearmongering by conservative/right wing people . 
  similar to a case where people where protesting against rape by refugees in a city where there was no single case of rape by refugees . 
  not even the beginning of a investigation . 
  this is sadly pretty common for conservative bavaria, 
  a friend of a friend said that muslims are eating babies alive !!!!!, 
  the boys should also dress modestly to not get raped by the catholic priests / s, 
  the fear that turkish people build up a parallel society in germany has traditionally been very strong . 
  further results : - 93 % agreement with the sentence `` one should be open towards all religions '' by highly religious sunni muslims - 85 % say that every religion is founded on a true core . 
  - 90 % of muslims have regular contacts to non-muslims in their free time - 60 % have more contact to non-muslim people than muslim people in their free time - only 8 % have a purely muslim network of people with whom they interact in their free time, 
  actually it 's also eroding the laws in the us so the corporations can do whatever they want, 
  i just said that it 's pretty unspecific . 
  this might be so that they avoid critique . 
  infrastructure , other companies around and qualified workers are also important to companies . 
  asia has even lower costs and a better infrastructure and a better network of other companies you can rely on . 
  the housing costs do n't rise because there 's not enough housing , it 's because it 's at the wrong place . 
  nobody can live where there are no jobs and there 's nothing to do . 
  this looks like a remake of the swedish tv series \u00e4kta m\u00e4nniskor http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2180271/?ref_=nv_sr_1, 
  that does n't say at all what they want to change . 
  and then there are the masses of sd members that have been outed as hard on racists . 
  let 's just say you have a website with user content . 
  users would upload illegal content ( warez , child porn , ... ) . 
  what you want is that you 're not responsible when you 're told this ? 
  totally wrong headline . 
  the echr just ruled that it 's okay to have laws that make owners for the website responsible for user generated content there . 
  how this this works in germany works for instance : you 're only responsible as soon as you have been contacted and informed that you should take something down . 
  seems pretty reasonable to me . 
  pretty low . 
  they 're made out of steel and only coated with copper . 
  the 10 cent coin has the highest material value per nominal value of the standard euro coins . 
  also he complains about the trains in sweden and then goes to the usa . 
  it 's simply a negative picture of sweden from a right wing perspective . 
  it 's important to note that it also includes some problems sweden has that are basically agreed upon ( housing , schools , debts ), 
  it works pretty well . 
  the best example are the raf terrorists . 
  they fled to the gdr and lived a normal life there and integrated into society again . 
  the more integrated people are into society the less likely they are in committing crimes . 
  if you would put them on the street they would probably become violent against swedish society . 
  invading the rest of europe seems pretty barbarian to me . 
  monarchies like bavaria were supported as long as they were on the same side as france . 
  commemorative are not there to be spend , they 're there so that persons can fill their home with small metal discs thinking they will rise in value . 
  france behaved badly under napoleon . 
  if france still has positive feelings towards napoleon and how france behaved under this time than that is the actual problem . 
  countries have to live with the bad things they did in the past . 
  i took nuremberg - cheb , cheb - prague once . 
  it 's really sad that it takes over 5 hours for this direct connection and that you have to change trains once when the bus connection only takes around 3:40, 
  lower density actually is a reason why france 's trains are faster than germany 's . 
  the trains do n't have to stop every 50-100km in the next city . 
  those asian cars really do n't seem to be that sturdy : http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/xteyh/a_chinese_car_hits_the_rear_wheel_of_a_germanmade/, 
  sterilisation also was seen as a possible `` solution '' for jews by the nazis . 
  maybe hen will declare / r/europe a safespace for europeans and ban all americans that mostly dominate reddit ? 
  a small graphic to set asylumseekers into context : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/fa/de_wanderung.svg ( purple = asylum seekers , green = other foreigners , blue and yellow = germans ) germany is a country which takes in relatively many asylum seekers compared to other countries . 
  reddit probably wo n't give them out unless ordered by an american court to do so . 
  so actually no , it wo n't happen . 
  who says you vote for your local elections ? 
  if you do n't partake in elections you should n't complain afterwards . 
  both councils are representing the governments of the member states . 
  if you think that they are undemocratic then it means that you think the governments of the member states are undemocratic . 
  if your government does n't want this they can veto it . 
  b2b contributes nothing to vat, 
  if the irish still do n't want it they have a veto right . 
  profits should be taxed where they are produced , the current system is not working . 
  it works for small countries . 
  you simply lower the taxes enough to attract enough companies to offset the reduced amount of taxes you collect . 
  you vote for the eu-parliament and you gave your government the right to make contracts with other governments . 
  so it 's pretty much legitimized democratically . 
  there are lots of non-indo-european languages in europe : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_europe#languages_not_from_the_indo-european_family even your estonian neighbors do n't speak an indo-european language, 
  with this you keep the people jobless . 
  with 30 hours working you have less time looking for a job ( `` sorry can we put the interview to a different date so i do n't loose my benefits ? '' ) . 
  you also make it impossible to do this work for real money when you can also get it by `` jobless '' people that have to do it for cheap . 
  it 's a system for abusing the weakest of our society . 
  why not take some money in the hand and create some real jobs for doing this work ? 
  i heard they only get more offended if you try to speak their dialect and fail, 
  getting a visa really sucks . 
  i hope in the future more visa free travel/visa on arrival becomes reality . 
  it costs lots of money and lots of time for everyone involved . 
  just because you 're not used to it , does n't mean that it 's bad . 
  i 'm also asking myself where you would have tried it as you do n't get that much everyday food from those regions in restaurants . 
  i guess the hardest to grasp is that dinner is just a small meal and that lunch is the main meal, 
  who said that the professor 's swedish is better than his/her english ? 
  i was studying in sweden for half a year and there were some foreigners working at the university with sub-optimal english skill and without speaking swedish . 
  i began learning swedish one year earlier and then the university there had no advanced swedish courses . 
  what i heard about the beginners course also seemed not that good . 
  people are reluctant to speak swedish with you if you ca n't speak flawless swedish and can speak english . 
  we need those signs to welcome them back in germany ( we lost our last ones in wwii ), 
  it would be nice to see the numbers plotted against size and population . 
  smaller countries often have a higher number of immigrants from neighboring countries . 
  somebody moving from bavaria to northern germany would probably face a bigger difference than one moving to austria , but it 's only the second one that would be considered an immigrant . 
  you 're generally right , but the article actually is about asylum seekers . 
  and i think it 's also important to look at the problem of asylum seekers that are illegal immigrants at the same time in another way than other illegal immigrants . 
  the big problem here is that europe does n't have a common asylum policy . 
  the countries where the asylum seekers first land do n't want to take on the asylum seekers ( especially because they 're in a bad financial situation ) . 
  it 's almost impossible to get to the countries that take on asylum seekers legally . 
  what ? 
  france takes only relatively few asylum seekers . 
  look at this graphic how many people each country would need to take if the asylum seekers would be divided up to the countries : http://www.welt.de/politik/article140195217/so-saehe-verteilung-nach-einem-schluessel-aus.html france takes on 2/3 of what it would need to , sweden takes on 5 times as much as it would need to . 
  the reason why sweden get 's mentioned so often is that swedes are pretty good at speaking english and have a relatively active online right wing community .
