  immigration is well higher in the question of main concern for one 's country and the one for europe . 
  especially malta , the uk and bulgaria have high numbers there . 
  nope it 's called `` gef\u00e4hrlicher eingriff in den bahnverkehr '' ( dangerous interference with the rail traffic '' and is punishable with up to 10 years prison . 
   immigrants are overrepresented in sweden 's crime statistics . 
  are n't all people in economical and educational need higher represented in crime statistics ? 
  also being investigated can be a sign of a racist police force . 
  if you would have asked people in the other countries , they would n't have adopted the euro either . 
  and now add to that the euro crisis . 
  the opinion towards the euro was previously better : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denmark_and_the_euro#polls, 
  they actually had soldiers in afghanistan . 
  so they 're not that neutral anymore . 
  that was last week . 
  the csu still is n't able to say how it will be exactly regulated . 
  so i guess we 'll have to wait and see, 
  is n't it obvious that i 'm criticizing the media a bit because they do n't question his wealth ? 
  there 's still hope that it wo n't come . 
  the bavarian only csu is the only party that wants it , both spd and cdu do n't want it . 
  however it 's more or less part of the coalition agreement and the transport minister is member of the csu . 
  they ruled it unconstitutional for the european election because the rationale for the 5-percent clause for the federal election does n't make any sense in the european parliament . 
  ( prevention of too many parties obstructing the creation of a ruling coalition ), 
  ** germany ** - on monday the coalition agreement was signed and subsequently merkel was made federal chancellor the third time on tuesday . 
  - we 're getting a new privacy officer , andrea vo\u00dfhoff . 
  in the past she voted for the surveillance of the public several times . 
  - the highest court in germany , the federal constitutional court in karlsruhe is hearing a case about the 3-percent clause for the election of the european parliament . 
  the 3-percent clause was adopted after the court in karlsruhe deemed the 5-percent clause unconstitutional . 
  - a new study says that the divide between rich and poor is growing in germany . 
  - chodorkowski ( who once was the richest russian ) came to berlin after he was pardoned in russia . 
  he obviously made all his money only through legal ways and was only persecuted because of his closeness to the opposition in russia . 
  - plans are that foreigners will have to pay 100 $ for using our autobahns beginning 2015 . 
  note that this is just about residential prices, 
  this makes no sense at all . 
  norwegian fishing quotas are a hot topic every year between norway and the eu . 
  everybody has to fish sustainable , but nobody really does . 
  just setting the quotas higher does n't make it more sustainable , on the contrary it 's even worse then . 
  i guess `` your professor '' also would have stated why they are supposed to be more sustainable . 
  mods intervening as little as possible is the perfect recipe for a subreddit to become bad . 
  though there are border checks when leaving ceuta or melilla, 
  germany is n't going to be able to pay its debt either . 
  paying back all debts has been a campaign promise since decades . 
  [ edit : in bavaria ] the only factor is how much trust the lenders put in a country that the debt-scheme does n't collapse . 
   the report by a government-appointed commission does n't sound that independent to me . 
  is this because the new government is conservative ? 
  there 's still a chance . 
  the bavarian only csu party is already pushing for stuff nobody wants in germany . 
  bavaria : we have binding referendums for the case that our ruling monarchy does decide something we do n't like . 
  also constitutional changes are now seen as so important that the monarchy always has to ask us plebs . 
  there have been small notes about it in the german media , but i only noticed it because i read about it here in the subreddit before . 
  however you can easily route money through the uk to those tax havens . 
  those places are independent when it 's convenient and heavily tied to the uk when not . 
  the dutch and german are extremely good too . 
  i feel like the danish and the norwegian were much overdone , which would point to a swede . 
  ( german , english and little little little swedish speaker here ), 
  that would n't be a problem if they were part of the eu and would have the right to take part in the decision making process, 
  it was a joke about ikea ( although i think they 're dropping it ), 
  how much furlongs and lot is that ? 
  they should have used futura, 
  they borrowed it to save the banks , as they lost huge amounts to gambling and fraud . 
  the euro just prevented printing large amounts of money like dollars in the us . 
  but they got a huge part of the money many countries struggle to pay back . 
  or one could simply blame the banks , as the banking crisis lead to the euro crisis . 
  was n't it even 100 million ? 
  dictatorships ? 
  yes , you usually use the gini-coefficient for measuring inequality . 
  if you look at the data sweden is quite a bit away from the most wealth-equal european countries . 
  but there 's also still some distance to the worst countries ( wtf denmark ? ), 
  would be nice with ipa pronunciation and dialects , in germany there 's at least also i and isch, 
  it 's actually not a missing common fiscal policy here even that is the problem . 
  it 's holes in legislature that allow tax-evasion schemes like double-irish and dutch sandwich . 
  also there are some fiscal policies implemented like a minimum vat . 
  do n't forget titanic http://www.titanic-magazin.de, 
  somehow my brain added written signs . 
  i guess i should read more thoroughly . 
  i would use gehen instead of laufen . 
  also mir ( me ) sounds a bit strange and i would use uns ( us ), 
  there are n't only unskilled immigrants, 
  n\u00fcrnbergerle in the oven ? 
  beer in plastic bottles ? 
  though they are n't even in bavaria proper , they 're in franconia . 
  i hope that law goes in front of the echr, 
  i knew that this would come . 
  one reason why energy prices for consumers are so high is because the market prices are so low . 
  there used to be high market prices when the demand was high ( = around midday ) but now that there is plenty of photovoltaic power around the same time the prices plummet . 
  germany usually has lower prices than france and sometimes even negative prices . 
  there are only two problems : the energy companies do n't reduce their prices because of the lower market prices and the difference between the market price and the difference between the market price and the fixed price the solar owners get is paid for by an additional tax on the price the consumer pays . 
  haha soon germany will destroy everybody 's energy markets with their cheap solar power . 
  though camping seems to be generally allowed in the nordic countries, 
  even germany has access and collecting wild mushrooms and berries in all forest including private forests . 
  camping is only ever allowed with permission of the owner though , including public land . 
  stuff like electrical safety . 
  i meant more like regulation along people older than 18 being able to buy it . 
  there 's still addiction-causing nicotine in there . 
  additional substances for taste may be worse . 
  they generally use artificial flavouring tested only for effects when eaten . 
  ( this also applies to flavoured hookah tobacco ), 
  are e-cigarettes currently regulated at all ? 
  at least in germany it looks like they are totally unregulated, 
  i 'm not talking about moving in a region that is near a train line , i 'm talking about moving into a house that sits directly adjacent to a train line . 
  53 % in western germany , 36 % in eastern germany http://media1.faz.net/polopoly_fs/1.2398023!/image/1727379511.jpg_gen/derivatives/article_multimedia_overview/1727379511.jpg, 
  the next train line ( two tracks ) here is less than 500m away . 
  i can see ices driving with more than 200km/h from my window because there 's no noise barrier .
