germany 's former vice-chancellor and foreign minister westerwelle is also gay . 
  he actually was one of the people against adopting more gay-rights ( marriage , ... ) . 
  so do n't hope too much, 
  it 's low german , nobody really speaks it anymore ( sadly ), 
  it 's so long because of the digraphs ` ie ` for long ` i ` and ` ch ` for a sound that does n't exist in english . 
  it 's otherwise essentially the same as the dutch , low german and danish, 
  but then we would n't have something to complain about !, 
  nah , plural would be euros but usually only the singular is used, 
  i never heard someone pronounce cent like that . 
  it 's usually pronounced like in english, 
  they would still have to pay back the huge debts , having such a high inflation to pay it back would be essentially a bankruptcy, 
  comrade naurgul , my opinion is that the damage by the crisis would have meant total bankruptcy for greece . 
  nothing reasonable levels of inflation could have fixed ( also , you should come back to irc ), 
  the debt graph actually looks pretty similar, 
   countries in better economic condition benefit from euro ( germany ) , because their products are cheaper ( their prices being brought down by lower performing economies in the currency union ) , while countries that are already worse off can not compete . 
  sorry but that does n't make any sense . 
  producing in poland is cheaper because the wages are lower there . 
  this offsets other factors like transportation . 
  a euro would n't change anything about that . 
   firstly they wouldnt have been able to borrow as much as they did nope , greece was seen as a good investment because it was part of the eurozone now . 
  it 's not like greece did n't have structural problems before . 
   and secondly they can devalue their currency which helps exports immensely . 
  the common currency also helps the export massively . 
  though both can only help a bit compared to how big the crisis is there . 
   is germany profiting from the crisis ? 
  germany is in a pretty good situation . 
  the unemployment rates are at an all-time low and the second lowest in the eu i think . 
  the loan rates are lower than inflation for the state . 
  the economy is doing good enough to do social stuff like finally introducing minimum wage . 
  the only two points how the euro is/was actually influencing the so-called eurocrisis is that countries like greece got loans easier because they were part of the eurozone and that they now get supported more with money from other eurozone countries . 
  what do you think would have happened to greece if they had an own currency ? 
  high inflation rates are also extremely damaging to the economy . 
  ( that does n't mean btw that the current way we try to help greece is n't working and that we should n't do more . 
  neither does it mean that germany is n't profitting from the crisis heavily ), 
  yeah i guess the finnish books can help , but the article sounded a bit too sensationalist . 
  i guess just looking at the books does n't do finland 's success in education justice , as i guess there are many more factors to it . 
  the question is how much this comes from the fact that the teacher is super motivated as it 's the teacher 's project, 
   one dutch idea on its way to copenhagen is the removal of bikes that are parked illegally in congested areas . 
  leave your bike in the wrong place and you could find that it has been moved to nearby bicycle racks . 
  that 's similar to how it 's done in erlangen ( 39 000 students with lots of bicycles in a 105 000 inhabitant city ) : they will take away your bike to a central place . 
  if you do n't come and get it it will be auctioned off . 
  at the train station bicycles will get stickers every now and then that you have to remove off your bicycle otherwise it will get towed after i think a week . 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydhmu05bkne, 
  i have to pay a pretty hefty fee and the exchange rates are n't that good . 
  i 'm currently staying in sweden and strangely the exchange rate to sek is better than the market rate , but it still makes sense for me to withdraw a big amount of money from an atm with a 5 $ fee and pay cash if i have to pay under a certain amount of money . 
  with the euro all this thinking of how to avoid as much fees as possible would n't be necessary and it would n't feel like a different country in that regard . 
  it sucks that i ca n't use my maestro card in denmark and just pay for what i should, 
  it even says so on that webpage that they did . 
  it 's just some small administration fees ( 42 $ for my home university ) . 
  if it 's higher than there is usually a ticket included with which you can use public transport for free . 
  gas is only rarely used as a base load , as that does n't make much sense because it 's so costly . 
  there are laws against moving nuclear waste into another country ( except if it 's for recycling them into new fuel ), 
  does n't the coalition want to rise the taxes on nuclear reactors so that they will stop earlier ? 
  do n't forget that they also sometimes have to shut down reactors in the winter because the rivers are freezing, 
  \u00c5land went to sweden ? 
  southern zealand and r\u00fcgen have become independent ? 
  cyprus has reunited ? 
  pah / r/swarje is nothing compared to / r/schweden where i am mod, 
  you just want to slime your way into their mod dictatorship of / r/sweden, 
  frangonia sdrong !, 
  please cite wikipedia if you are just simply rephrasing it ... 
  nuclear ca n't be regulated up and down as needed . 
  you still needs lots of peak power if you do n't export most of it like france does, 
  my guess for bavaria : more slavic and southern ancestry . 
  it 's an evil plot of norway to help sweden 's and finland 's wood selling business . 
  pretty much depends on the countries . 
  if one of the parents is german for instance the child should also have the german citizenship . 
  portugal spain and gibraltar ? 
  they only stop being anonymous if the courts get knowledge of the existence through some other way and think that they 're illegal . 
  that seems fairly anonymous to me, 
  i 'm currently an exchange student and i know a french guy here that looks exactly like that ( he does it on purpose though ), 
  a friend recently went to the us and did a few days stop on the way in iceland because it was cheaper . 
  that 's called a viking and not a jihad, 
  they already print their own banknotes . 
  nothing keeps them from adopting a scottish pound which is pegged 1:1 to the british pound . 
  http://geizhals.at/ for austria , http://geizhals.at/de for germany , http://geizhals.at/eu for whole of the whole of europe . 
  everything 's in german though, 
  however `` moving jobs '' is a faster process than `` truly creating jobs '', 
  it mostly helps preventing your own financial collapse by lowering the costs in your own country an thus moving the economy from other countries to yours . 
  your just moving the problem somewhere else . 
  in the base load/peak load concept you also need peaking power plants . 
  nuclear ca n't do this , so you need fossil fuel for generating there . 
  the percentage of nuclear in france can only be so high because it exports so much . 
  with renewables we 're slowly moving away from that concept, 
  and wo n't be for at least 30 years, 
  does n't work , as nuclear ca n't be regulated fast enough up and down and renewables ca n't be at all . 
  ( except if your use the export to regulate , which means that you just put the gas turbines behind the border ), 
  czech republic , it feels more similar to home than northern germany . 
  frangonia sdrong !, 
  * except our d , b and some of our gs, 
  german news : queen at highland games and does n't give a fuck about the independence issue, 
  they 're called schwarzenberg not schwarzenburg, 
  yes , refugees should just be a problem for countries on the southern/south-eastern border of the eu, 
  until 2013 all driver 's licences had no expiration date in germany . 
  but they changed it and until 2033 everybody needs to get one that expires every 15 years . 
  v is pronounced like w in `` foreign words '' like for instance `` verbal '', 
  i guess it depends on the kommun on how the trash is handled . 
  it seems to me that here the stuff is just burned . 
  incineration is n't recycling . 
  the recycling rates are well lower and austria is actually leading there : http://i.imgur.com/ewd5ggf.png what 's actually meant is the amount of household-trash that is n't put on landfills : http://energypub.blogactiv.eu/files/2012/04/recycling-and-incineration1.jpg ( a bit older numbers ) i actually was quite shocked when i moved to halmstad in sweden by the fact that they do n't separate the waste and incinerate just everything .
