  take for instance the city of nz\u00e9r\u00e9kor\u00e9 i recently stumbled across because of the ebola outbreak :  the population was 107,329 in 1996 ( census ) . 
  growing dramatically since the civil wars in neighboring liberia , sierra leone , and c\u00f4te d'ivoire , the 2008 estimated population is 300,000 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nz\u00e9r\u00e9kor\u00e9, 
  sweden has literally become a shithole because of all those immigrants . 
  oh wait , it actually has n't, 
  well does n't it cover huge parts population-wise ? 
  franconian variant of this is geh\u00e4ck ( speak keck ) . 
  it 's spiced and more coarse and exactly the same stuff we use to fill bratw\u00fcrste . 
  well most everything has been said already about the spying . 
  we actually knew that our governments were cooperating with the nsa since they did n't want to do anything against it . 
  now we just have evidence, 
  fgm predates islam or christianity in the countries where it is practiced . 
  in some countries ( like tanzania ) it even is more common under christians ( 20 % ) than under muslims ( 15 % ), 
  not everyone gets a shelter . 
  shelter programs for homeless people are usually only there in the winter ( http://www.hamburg.de/obdachlosigkeit/789920/winternotprogramm/ ), 
  it 's pretty heterogenous , even the classification of member parties is n't easy as they could be classified differently when you look at different topics . 
  actually it first reminded me of something that happened in germany , the [ spiegel scandal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spiegel_scandal ), 
  he 's not pro-eu but also not as extremely anti-eu as ukip . 
  the differences to a pro-eu position are that he does n't support further integration and wants to repatriate some rights . 
  by german standards he would been seen as eurosceptic . 
  well at least they are not commissioning new nuclear reactors to be build , as they would be even more costly ( economists have been saying for years that building new nuclear reactors in the west does n't make much sense , because they cost to much to build here . 
  the uk has a feed in tariff for the nuclear reactor they 're building that is higher than all german wind power tariffs and even higher than the ones for somewhat larger photovoltaics installations ) you should n't use the word windmill btw , as nothing is milled . 
  you obviously only need uranium and plug a power cord into it . 
  no need to build huge costly reactors . 
  ah come on , the german system is totally broken . 
  the state-mandated health care system is like a tax : the poor pay not that much , the richer people pay more . 
  this is how it should be . 
  however if you are rich enough you can exit the system and get private healthcare . 
  this ca n't work . 
  and that 's just financing , there is a multitude of other points where it 's also totally broken . 
  they actually left the holy roman empire around the same times as the netherlands if i remember correctly . 
  someone saying `` people can get just another job '' is how you detect someone privileged . 
  that 's just practice . 
  i have more problems with some franconian dialects than with bavarian ones although they are more similar to my own . 
  the swiss are more far away from german culturally than the austrians imo . 
  sometimes it 's easier to prosecute for one thing than for an other thing . 
  at least that 's what i once heard is the problem in germany . 
  still lot 's of questionable illegal things happening but they have problems finding evidence . 
  like corruption does n't happen in countries in better economic state ... 
  corruption happens all the time in e.g. 
  germany , though it 's only very rarely called corruption . 
  a recent case of attempted corruption is by saab and the swedish ambassador in switzerland to sell fighter jets to the swiss . 
  everywhere it 's called a scandal or something different , but nobody calls it corruption , because corruption only happens in south-eastern countries . 
  however germany had a much bigger amount of nazis in important positions after wwii , and lots of stasi people after the reunification, 
  you can get them in these sizes in kaufland, 
  dutch vegetables have a pretty bad reputation here . 
  maybe you just drop the stuff you wo n't eat yourselves here though . 
  better than if they would need to depend on money from lobbyists . 
  there was a pretty big counter-campaign even , \u00d6dp is a pretty small party : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksentscheid_%22nichtraucherschutz%22_in_bayern#aktionsb.c3.bcndnis_.e2.80.9ebayern_sagt_nein.21.e2.80.9c discussing away such a clear result is pretty silly, 
   people like you would have made a great career in the gdr . 
  [ ... ] kindergarten really ? 
  you have to use insults and need to downvote opinions that do n't like ? 
  i really do n't mind you getting whipped as long as it is n't happening in the public . 
  stuff that can affect other people has its place , to reduce the nuisance of other people . 
  for smokers this is outside . 
  if there were no food safety laws , you would need to expect poisoned beer in every bar , so it actually is a good comparison . 
  people value genetics way too high . 
  even if something is genetically you can still often make up with other ways . 
  promoting people to get sterilized already is morally questionable , but forcing them to do so is pretty obviously stepping over the line of morality . 
  with that kind of mentality you would always have at bars : - bar fights - duels - beer laced with poisonous stuff - liquor with lots of methanol in it - glasses that have less in them than what you paid for those things have n't been abolished by market forces , but by regulation . 
  if you think that people really can choose their job then you 're pretty privileged , most people have to take the job they can get . 
  staying out of my business encompasses not smoking in all the bars i visit . 
  smokers are the one that are affecting the freedom of other people . 
  if you really think that everybody likes it that bars are full of smoke then you should do a reality check . 
  60 % looks pretty much like a majority to me http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksentscheid_%22nichtraucherschutz%22_in_bayern the silliness of `` there ca n't be x without smoking '' ( x being oktoberfest , pubs , ... ) becomes clear when you see that there is n't any debate anymore about the smoking ban where it was introduced a while ago . 
  the only two things that really changed are that more people go out to smoke and that you do n't stink like an ashtray when you go home again . 
  nah , kids ca n't really steal cigarettes at home . 
  the parents would notice that immediately . 
  if the driver licence is n't there for 10 minutes they wo n't notice . 
  you also ca n't really steal cigarettes in a shop anymore if you do n't do a robbery . 
  just walk around in a bar once and ask the people if they would prefer if the bar would be smoke-free . 
  people have to bear smoke unwillingly more often than you can think . 
  we have to regulate it because it simply does n't work otherwise . 
  in a perfect world we would n't need laws making stuff illegal , but we do n't and so we need to regulate some stuff so we can live together . 
  that you are allowed to smoke in a bar actually is an anachronism , because the smoke actually infringes several regulations about the air quality at workplaces . 
  most people want smoke-free pubs , yet the market fails at satisfying that , so there 's a need for laws . 
  the age verification system is a joke , in the beginning it only checked if you were 16 instead of the legal age of 18 . 
  do n't you think that most kids ca n't just grab one of the many cards of their parents that work to unlock them ? 
  they also work as advertisement for cigarettes . 
  [ especially putting them next to gumball machines is kind of perverse ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/25/kaugummi-_und_zigarettenautomat.jpg/1920px-kaugummi-_und_zigarettenautomat.jpg ), 
  that way you also do n't criminalize people for stuff they do to themselves, 
  well in many countries smoke-less pubs work out pretty well . 
  if you want to smoke , just smoke outside . 
  because the people having to work there ( yes you have to take every job you get ) would still be affected by the smoke . 
  also with designated smoker bars all bars would be smoker bars . 
  since the ban i can finally enjoy going out without smelling like an ashtray afterwards . 
  i do n't think anyone is trying to fully outlaw cigarettes . 
  people that are already smokers still can buy them . 
  the action that 's happening is only there to keep young people from starting ( to which the ads are targeted ) and non-smokers protected, 
  yes . 
  the smoking laws are dependent on the state in which you live ( bavaria for instance has one of the strongest after a referendum ), 
  the democratically elected parliament got more power every time the eu was reformed the last times . 
  i hope this gets adopted around the rest of europe soon . 
  the situation in germany really sucks in regards to smoking . 
  there are still some ads for smoking left , you can still buy cigarettes in vending machines and in some states you can still smoke in pubs . 
  i met a dutch person that only barely could speak german and english and could n't understand a traffic sign written in dutch . 
  ( i wanted to know if i was allowed to park ), 
  a good example for awful titles is the swedish tv-series '' \u00c4kta m\u00e4nniskor '' . 
  it is so similar to what you get when you 're translating it to german ( `` echte menschen '' ) that some people might even understand it with the original title . 
  so how is the series called in germany ? 
  `` real humans '',
