  also it 's one of the train lines with the most freight traffic . 
  so i really know the issue first-hand . 
  also do n't think it 's easier to find a flat in munich , erlangen or bamberg . 
  still the train line was there before the people . 
  the people knew that there would be train noise there when they moved right next to a train line . 
  it 's like knowingly buying a house with mold and then complaining about the health effects . 
  well how about not living directly near a train line ? 
  the health risks are serious and there 's lots of stuff that should be done to reduce the noise , but you ca n't really complain if you live right next to a train line . 
  so is caffeine , though there are worlds between the addictiveness of those substances . 
  i guess there are people that want nuclear bombs, 
  one reason why this may not be a good idea : http://arstechnica.com/security/2013/09/fatal-crypto-flaw-in-some-government-certified-smartcards-makes-forgery-a-snap/, 
  look at the nepalese timezone, 
  especially if they could sleep one hour longer ... 
  germany : a minimum wage, 
   it also contains a number of ordinary families who just happen to have romani background , like the h\u00e5kansson family in skarpn\u00e4ck . 
  i always knew the h\u00e5kanssons were romani, 
  with around 350 breweries in franconia and the highest brewery density of the world that 's really hard to say . 
  i guess the most known franconian beer is the aecht schlenkerla rauchbier , but that 's not a beer i would want to drink regularly . 
  there was hardly anything more than market-liberalism left in them anyway . 
  oh maybe corruption , they directly lowered the taxes for hotels after they got money from a big hotel chain ( m\u00f6venpickaff\u00e4re ), 
  you mean decade not year . 
  also it 's not nearly a decade but more than a decade, 
  they performed good in the other things that were measured ( except also education ), 
  more information ( and a map ) http://www.weforum.org/issues/global-competitiveness/index.html some highlights :  the high cost of firing hinder job creation , particularly during business cycle downturns, 
  it 's mostly imported afaik , but it 's also subsidized by the eu . 
  there 's even some tobacco grown in germany . 
  really ? 
  was n't pan-germanism more of a thing against the aristocracy of small independent states ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revolutions_of_1848_in_the_german_states was n't it even influenced by what was happening in france ? 
  also i ca n't believe that anti-semitism ( which just began forming back than in contrast to the anti-judaism which existed before ) was so conflated as you make them out to be . 
  anti-semitism was widespread in europe back at that time and key figures of other movements were also anti-semites ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre-joseph_proudhon ) that all said i do n't like nationalism/patriotism . 
  it 's always problematic . 
  i do n't care in which country , i just do n't like it . 
  wow guido and angela look very young, 
  yes die linke is literally trying to bring back the gdr . 
  in berlin they already begun with the traffic lights . 
  the reformation of the sed did n't happen in 1989 ? 
  the wasg members that were members in the spd before were secret stasi spies ? 
  it 's in the comment is free section , it 's not necessarily the position of the guardian . 
  it 's in the comment is free section . 
  strange there 's no sed on my ballot paper . 
  americans believe in the freedom to dictate to . 
  there are also regional pendants to germania like the franconia for franconia or the bavaria for bavaria ( which brings me to the question why english uses latinised place names ), 
  why are there so few forests in norway ? 
  germany did n't start at scratch post 1945 . 
  dismantling of the industry was quickly stopped in western germany , and lasted longer in the gdr . 
  still the gdr did comparatively well as one of the eastern bloc states you ca n't blame the economic system only . 
  die linke is neither communist nor does it want a gdr style system back . 
  die linke was founded as a merger of the pds and the wasg . 
  the wasg was founded when the coalition of the social democrats and the green party behaved like neoliberals and reduced the welfare state . 
  the pds underwent a huge transformation since they were the ruling party of the gdr . 
  what you see in this map is mostly the fear that the other parties inflicted on the population , that voting for die linke is exactly like voting for a gdr style system . 
  you will see the numbers of the left party voters falling next election , because people are already slowly forgetting what the red-green coalition did last time they were in power . 
  why not let the child decide for itself when it 's old enough ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intersex `` gender-correcting '' surgeries are n't done anymore at birth here afaik . 
  the faroe islands have a similiar low imprisonment rate . 
  they have 8 prisoners for a population of around 50k edit : source http://www.prisonstudies.org/info/worldbrief/wpb_country.php?country=136, 
  this does n't include coastal erosion which can lead to even more lost land . 
   http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2012/03/120306181210.htm they only analyzed mitochondrial dna in this study , which does n't really have that much effect on you and is only studied because it lets you examine the maternal linage . 
  even if you can assign people to a group because of the mtdna , it does n't justify the concept of race because the mtdna is only a tiny part of the dna . 
  i only skimmed the study , but what they found are variations of the h haplogroup that are autochthonous to the basque region . 
  you should note that just 46.3 % of the people in this study belonged to the h haplogroup and 16.6 % of the population there belonged to one of the autochthonous haplogroups . 
  speakers of the basque language were more likely but not the only ones belonging to those haplogroups . 
  language groups ! = genetical groups . 
  for example finnish people are n't asian and basque people are n't aliens because their language is n't related to any other, 
  and greece should n't have been let into the eurozone back then yet . 
  to fix this the transfer union is the way forward . 
  also eurobonds for up to the amount that 's allowed by the convergence criteria would be good . 
  can some of the danish people here explain why there were the justice affair and defense policy opt-outs to begin with ? 
  why did the danish government / people want those opt-outs ? 
  maybes do n't advance community . 
   and i am talking of couse of states with separatists regions as italy , germany or the uk . 
  i do n't think germany or the uk are that much of a problem , they seem to be very keen on the right to self-determination compared to spain, 
  for cucumbers the problem is transportation . 
  if the cucumbers are n't straight you do n't get as much in a box . 
  you most likely wo n't get checked while you 're in the schengen area , but you 're in deep trouble when you leave it after more than 90 days . 
  also if you find amber washed up on baltic shores , be sure that it 's really amber and not phosphor . 
  you 're i think the second one i met here . 
  also i met someone on the [ irc ] ( http://webchat.snoonet.org/?nick=&amp;channels=europe ), 
  i searched a bit for articles about it in german . 
  there were only articles from 2010 when the left party made an inquiry about it . 
  here 's what the articles brought up : one problem seems to be that romania was an ally to the germans . 
  if the money would go to the victims of wwii crimes by romania , it would be far more likely to be paid back . 
  another problem is that the war debts of germany are nullified because some treaty . 
  no , that 's just populism . 
  politicians not getting money from the industry anymore would help countries way more . 
  that 's not true anymore if you add the numbers from 2009-2012 ( which alone is more than half of what hamburg paid ) . 
  but i also think that it 's mainly populism . 
  they should really fix the problems that taxes are mainly paid where the seat of the company is . 
  yes , at least it 's a part of it . 
  there are also other ways the east gets money . 
  berlin and the states of the territory of the former gdr joined the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich, 
  i do n't actually know . 
  it 's a price somebody said to me once how much it costs . 
  http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich#finanzvolumen they paid 20 billion euro more in than they got out of it ( inflation adjusted ) . 
  the stuff the csu said about it was only to get more votes in the coming elections , i do n't think anything will come out of it . 
  also they did n't say that they want to get out of the transfer union , only that the sums today are too high . 
  that seem to be very big plants . 
  4 500\u00a0000\u00a0000 $ / 10 ( $ / g ) / 14 772 plants = 30 463 ( g/plant ), 
  http://youtu.be/bcjhzri9lj0 kurt razelli videos,
