  maybe he meant national socialistic, 
  i think i know the situation here better , as i actually live in europe and as i 'm not some right-wing american . 
  they are mostly refugees for humanitarian reasons . 
  the rest is there to help the economy grow ( eu immigrants for a better common market , highly skilled immigrants to get to the top in new high tech markets ) . 
  there is n't a mass immigration of `` guest workers '' here since several decades . 
  why not call it putingrad ? 
  cameron 's attempt to ignore democracy in the election of the commission president is what 's unacceptable, 
  also still exporting asbestos until recently, 
  no , everybody has that technicality . 
  if you have to throw a bottle away , put them next to the trash can so people can pick it up without going through all the other trash, 
  so the fee you get back is already included in the price ? 
  here in germany it 's not, 
  we do n't shoot people if we do n't absolutely have to . 
  we 're not barbarians . 
  libertarian can be a synonyme to anarchist, 
  gert wilders is married to a hungarian . 
  does n't make him any less racist, 
  gert wilders is married to a hungarian . 
  does n't make him any less racist, 
  click on the or symbol, 
  also do n't forget to join us on irc : #europe on irc.snoonet.org . 
  [ snoonet link direct to irc channel here ] ( http://webchat.snoonet.org/europe ), 
  more like : auto dealers lying about safety testing, 
  it 's too complicated for normal people to fully understand . 
  ( can you explain what the difference between the european council , the council of europe and the council of the european union is ? 
  one of them is independent of the eu btw ) the european parliament does n't have enough power . 
  the european parliament gets elected and thus should have most power imo . 
  there should n't be all the veto rights of countries . 
  the law-making process does n't get much attention in media . 
  there 's a too big influence of the industry . 
  corruption must be prevented better . 
  nice ikea curtain, 
  much money went into the development of the recent epr actually , just look to olkiluoto what a disaster this is . 
  link please, 
  actually the costs are increasing in the west because of high security standards and rising costs in the building sector . 
  there 's a reason why many economists say that nuclear power is n't economic in developed countries . 
  uk is already offering a higher feed-in tariff for its new nuclear reactor than germany is for 40 kwp and up photovoltaic installations . 
  they are n't . 
  ringhals for instance is 70 % owned by vattenfall and 30 % by eon . 
  although vattenfall is state-owned , it 's still a company wih many criticisms . 
  they are n't really any better than the other energy companies . 
  thank god there are n't tsunamis in chernobyl . 
  nuclear disasters are usually unpredictable : human failure or something happened that was n't accounted for in the security model . 
  tsunamis are n't an unpredictable cause anymore , but that does n't mean that there are n't other . 
  sadly you usually need lots of gas as peak load when you use nuclear , as nuclear can only provide the base load . 
  sweden might be an exception with its huge ( pumped ) water capacity ( which would work just as good together with the cheaper wind power ), 
  germany also has uranium . 
  i guess it 's cheaper to mine somewhere in africa or the outback of australia, 
  we also had our fair share of scandals where politicians phds were of very questionable origin . 
  i guess it 's usually that way here because the lines i drive have too high traffic and have lots of construction sites . 
  ice 's are actually preferred so regional trains have to wait . 
  what just today happened today on one line i 'm regularly driving : http://www.br.de/nachrichten/oberfranken/bahn-chaos-forchheim-100.html it talks about up to 60 minutes delay . 
  part of the reasons why greens are anti-nuclear are totally bullshit ( for instance the little bit of radiation nuclear reactors emit in normal use ) . 
  but i personally think that having a larger feed-in compensation for nuclear power than germany has for photovoltaics just as insane ( the uk has this for the newly planned reactor hinkley point c ), 
  4 minutes ? 
  worst i had was 4 hours ( luckily the train from 4 hours earlier ) . 
  usually only people that do n't drive much complain about 4 minutes , as all the other people know that the train is 45 minutes late from time to time and have stuff to read/etc . 
  with them . 
  those people that do n't drive much also usually make entering and leaving the train taking 4 minutes more because they always stand in the way and are n't able to push the button to open the doors correctly . 
  you forget the additional table saws that need to be used to cut wood in the early morning and late evening hours . 
  the verb position is different in english ( svo ) from all germanic languages ( v2 ) . 
  generally the word ordering sometimes is different . 
  the prepositions are different . 
  the tenses are used differently . 
  there are no rules that a word changes the preceding word that i know of ( a vs. an , the vs. the ), 
  it seems the joking only really works when you are pretty similar . 
  on the local level there 's usually lots of it ( upper vs. lower vs. middle franconia , protestant vs catholic , franconia vs. bavaria , then those damn saupreussen ... ) on a country level it seems to be more with the similar countries ( piefkes vs. schluchtenschei\u00dfer , i guess the dutch also make jokes about us ) joking with poland would feel very strange because of the history, 
  they would then most likely also have the largest population . 
  german : flamewars about what is relevant for wikipedia and what is n't, 
  it would be strange for pirates to attack on land, 
  sweden does n't have a minimum wage . 
  in germany foreign workers regularly get wages that are even lower than the minimum wages from the country they 're coming from . 
  i think something similar is happening in sweden to a much lower extend with foreign berry-pickers . 
  european union style !, 
  i guess this heavily depends on your mother tongue . 
  speaking german makes it especially easy . 
  wow , i would have guessed z\u00fcrich edit : seems like it is only eu ? 
  the funny thing is how the people that acted in the gdr were called fl\u00fcchtlingshelfer ( helpers for refugees ) and the people that work with african refugees are called human traffickers . 
  both resorted to dangerous measures and both got money for it . 
  how old are those incentives ? 
  people in that group began studying 10 years ago or something . 
  would still not be very informative as some effects cancel out . 
  in germany for instance many leave school very early compared to other countries , but the time to full university education is also often longer . 
  so more informative would be a series of maps `` share of population at least x years in school '', 
  old types of measures are often still used but they are rounded to even metric values . 
  a ma\u00df used to actually be even more beer but it was rounded down to 1l . 
  if you ask for a pound in a bakery for example you get 500 gram . 
  because the british ones have exactly the same problem . 
  what you 're seeing btw is n't a typical type j socket btw . 
  nah , the british plug is pretty unsafe : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e3/lethalsocket.jpg with schuko and the normal type j socket the pins are encased while plugging in/unplugging . 
  this way you ca n't touch them . 
  this is the reason why every british socket has a switch - you are supposed to turn the socket off while plugging in . 
  also the more safe and compatible schuko and french type plugs are used throughout most of europe : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1b/europe_plugtypeinuse.png ( schuko blue , french red ), 
  note this is about energy not only electricity . 
  share of renewable electric energy consumption is much higher in many countries . 
  of it 's electricity . 
  this chart is about energy ( also includes transportation , heating , etc. ), 
  that 's only for electricity . 
  however this chart is about the whole energy consumption . 
  according to this site bioenergy ( wood , ... ) supplies around 30 % of swedens energy demand : http://sweden.se/society/energy-use-in-sweden/ so there 's `` only '' around 21 % left , which is partly done by hydro .
