  they 're probably also responsible of the story that sweden is an example for failed multiculturalism ( i 've lived in sweden for half a year and it seemed to be doing okay ), 
  looking in the direction of the us embassy, 
  and which currency would that state adopt ? 
  the czech are pretty much against the euro and the slovaks probably would n't want to go away from the euro again, 
  and if the euro had been adopted it would be much higher ( see for instance dagen-h in sweden , they adopted it even though several referendums said no , i think today it would be impossible to find someone who thinks staying on the left side would have been the better idea ), 
  you see the unemployment is low everywhere where people drink lots of beer, 
   a clear ` no ' to the euro 53,2 % are n't that clear to me, 
  i wonder how many deaths are caused by us staying so much indoors as the air usually is worse inside . 
  that video is about poor people , not asylum seekers, 
  the thing with zionism is that it can have totally different meanings to different people . 
  it 's a bit strange but easiest is just to avoid using the word at all . 
  it 's not that hard to describe what exactly you 're not liking like `` israel 's settlement politics '', 
   if you 're suggesting we rehabilitate foreign criminals , that 's ridiculous and no electorate would ever agree with that . 
  i think you agree that they need to be put into prisons . 
  the problem is that the prison system in a country with war is n't working that good anymore and so it 's hard to get them in front of a court and then into a prison in their home country . 
  so probably they 're our problem . 
   and also someone needing help in the street is not comparable at all to uneducated individuals crossing the sea for a life they can not even comprehend . 
  it 's mostly educated people actually that make it to europe . 
  it 's pretty comparable . 
  in both cases you have people that you can help and that are threatened with death . 
   we 've been picking up the pieces for decades . 
  when is africa and the middle east going to start taking the future of their countries seriously ? 
  if singapore can achieve stability and wealth in 50 years , what is their excuse ? 
  it took pretty long here in europe as well and the last big refugee wave was less then 20 years ago and came out of europe ( balkans ) . 
  we had thousands of years in europe , they only had decades because before we fucked up their parts of the world with colonialism . 
  why does singapore so well ? 
  it 's a fucking city state . 
  if you took only the inner parts of london as a country it would do extremely well . 
   what about the ones that threw the christians into the ocean ? 
  do they need our help ? 
  that story sounded really horrible , but there were actually really few details about it in the news . 
  if they thought that doing something like that is okay then they really need the help a prison should provide . 
   the question is , is it up to us to provide help ? 
  why should we ? 
  yes it is . 
  we can help and those people are coming to us to ask for the help . 
  would you ask yourself if it 's up to you to help if you passed someone dying ? 
  many of those people are running for their lives or are trying to get away from unjust persecution that entails torture and prison . 
  do n't you have problems with flooding if you live right next to the rhein ( rhine in english !, 
  the question is : why are those people taking on the risk to die to get here ? 
  maybe , just maybe , those people actually need our help and we should think about how to help them instead of how to keep them away, 
  yes , they should die at home in the war zone instead of in the mediterranean sea / s, 
   investing some cash into receiving welfare benefits forever and everything for free . 
  those people actually want to work but most of the time they 're not allowed to ( at least in germany ), 
  only what you 're writing is nonsense . 
  i have a so who is from a country where you need to get a visa to come to schengen . 
  when you 're applying for a visa you need to show that you have lots of money , you give them a photo of you , copy of your pass etc. 
  and you have to show them that you have a will to go back . 
  even if you do n't need to get a visa or get a visa on arrival ( mostly rich countries ) lots of your data like photo gets recorded when you travel to schengen . 
  when you arrive you get put into the international schengen database . 
  do n't you think that those databases also get used ? 
  only parts of the jewish population was rich . 
  most of them actually were pretty poor . 
  almost all asylum seekers in europe have to come here illegally . 
   or remove the possibility of undocumented migrants who cross the mediterranean receiving asylum in europe . 
  coming illegally into europe is the only possibility for asylum seekers . 
  there 's not really a legal way, 
   an honestly , if the american government , whether state or federal , started purposefully discriminating against airbus to benefit boeing , or if it started pressuring fiat to sell off a chrysler factory to gm at a bargain price , i think that 'd be pretty fucked up and the respective european business would be entitled to sue over it you do n't need ttip style private `` courts '' for this . 
   but in terms of their policy regarding economics there really is little to nothing to set them apart it 's not that bad , the spd introduced the minimum wage . 
  but it could be much much better . 
  and smarter than germany . 
  with our current measles outbreak in berlin you would think our politicians are doing something . 
  but they sadly do n't : /, 
   people drink way too much alcohol and i hate how usage of drugs is gaining ground . 
  i think having either of those habits is pathetic . 
  ( i still support legalization , however ) the problem seems that the culture of drinking one beer after a hard workday to relax or one glass of wine to a good meal or one shot of fruit schnaps when you have someone visit you . 
  alcohol is getting pushed out of big parts of our life , but was is disappearing is only the responsible drinking . 
  so when they are drinking they will get totally drunk instead . 
  the national governments are abusing the eu to push through legislation bad for the people . 
  the eu parliaments is actually the good guys . 
  let 's call him 666, 
  `` quelle '' is a good example how we do n't only use q for latin loadwoards . 
  another one would be `` quer '', 
  wtf ? 
  never heard anybody pronounce it like that in german . 
  * insert here a random joke about the pronunciation of the danish language *, 
  to be fair , our politicians really suck in speaking to the citizens before they decide about big projects . 
  haha it 's also quite a topic when to use it in german and when not . 
  for instance officialese uses it less often then spoken german , however the german name for officialese , `` amtsdeutsch '' contains it . 
  would be der biergang , the last word dominates the gender of the word . 
  otherwise a good idea, 
  what do you mean with complete language ? 
  also if you want as few foreign influence as possible you should take a look at icelandic . 
  they are n't mandated by law in all countries ( they are in sweden for instance ) . 
  they are pretty common in households with kids though . 
  the swedes changed to right-hand drive in 1967 , they had the drivers seat on the left side even before though . 
  biggest cost factor was busses and trams . 
  why not name it `` fast alcohol transport connection for scandinavians '' ? 
  the plug issue could actually be solved in a less problematic way : in china they have sockets that can also take europlugs, 
  which is kind of silly because there is a monopoly for the public channels and the private ones are actually only there through a loophole that was made for them, 
  also you people seem to have advertisement on arte 7 + . 
  we do n't . 
  map is wrong , fehmarn came to prussia from denmark in 1864 : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/fehmarn#fehmarn_unter_preu.c3.9fischer_herrschaft, 
   not if you disable it . 
  wrong , you have to actively enable it, 
  i should have maybe worded what i said a bit more clearly and simplified less . 
  usa was funding islamist groups in afghanistan that fought against the russians and later another islamist group took over . 
  it 's also mostly the usa who put the situation there in a wrong light as al-qaida and the taliban do n't have as much to do with each other as they claimed . 
  anyway - my point still stands : the usa has financed and supported islamist groups and governments that did comparable human rights abuses as the taliban . 
  they are pretty comparable to the saudi rulers , which the usa loves to support .
