  sadly most people here do n't see this and do n't want to pay higher interest rates . 
  franconia . 
  http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:flagge_franken.svg for some time i had to use the flag of our suppressors the bavarians . 
  til pepino is a cucumber in spanish . 
  in germany you will get this if you ask for a pepino http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:solanum_muricatum_2012-08-07_16-07-45.jpg, 
  more interest of the people in the eu . 
  right now people do n't really care about the laws made in brussels . 
  they only care when some law is implemented in their national parliament that they do n't like . 
  neonicotinoids are already not allowed for some cases of application ( indian corn and grains ) , because they tend to be used wrong there and there already has been a case where this led to a mass bee dying . 
  now the eu regulation would ban the use for rapeseed and corn but allow the use for grains . 
  one month ago this would have overruled the ban in germany but now it does n't seem to do that anymore . 
  also they did n't want the ban for the use for rapeseed ( do n't know if that has changed ) at least that 's what i 'm getting from the recent news here and this article : http://www.topagrar.com/news/home-top-news-neonicotinoide-cdu-csu-fraktion-rechtfertigt-enthaltung-1113528.html, 
  horizontal gene transfer is quite uncommon in animals and plants . 
  afaik there is n't one known case where this happened between animals and plants . 
  i do n't think we can say that gmos are natural . 
  but i think we ca n't say that old plant varieties are natural either . 
  one nice example of classical breeding failing is that selection against pests for potatoes led to higher solanin levels and subsequently more food poisonings in the past . 
  however that 's not the point . 
  the biggest problem of gmos is the patent issue . 
  then there 's the smaller issue of what gene modification is used for , often it 's plants that produce their own pesticides or resistance to roundup . 
  the question is if 2 years are enough . 
   independent studies show that while the photodegradation half-life time of most neonicotinoids is around 34 days when exposed to sunlight , it might take up to 1386 days ( 3.8 years ) for these compounds to degrade in the absence of sunlight and micro-organism activity . 
  some activists are concerned that neonicotinoids applied agriculturally might accumulate in aquifers . 
  [ 12 ] from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neonicotinoid, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bipedalism#bipedal_animals you do n't need to explain why it 's supposedly not natural for humans to be homosexual , but why you think that it 's not natural . 
  and how do you explain this ? 
  why is n't it natural ? 
  why are humans so different to animals in this regard ? 
  chimpanzees which are the most related animals to humans are also practicing homosexuality . 
  humans \u2208 animals . 
  if you argue with the natural state of humans ( which usually is dumb ) you have to take this into account . 
  you ca n't say that humans have overcome homosexuality and that homosexuality is n't natural . 
  why is n't homosexuality `` a natural state '' ? 
  it 's pretty common in animals . 
  also it 's not unheard of that homosexual animals take care of young animals . 
  no you only maybe get a sense of relief if you we 're scared . 
  i do n't get why your country is so great because you got two criminals . 
  just look to / r/justiceporn if you want to look more into this strange revenge thinking, 
  same in german, 
  yeah that 's right . 
  the problem i see is how this study was depicted by the media : look at all those countries we are giving money to , they 're all richer than us . 
  the fiction that germans are n't the poorest people in the eurozone ? 
  because that 's what the study said . 
  never heard of him, 
  it has an own representation in brussels, 
  i prefer colemak, 
  exactly, 
  not really . 
  csu/cdu wo n't abandon their voters that work in the agrarian business . 
  afaik there have been calls there to give more money to the small farmers and less to the big ones . 
  exactly the opposite britain wants . 
  germans are fanatically green . 
  they do n't want to give up environmental regulations . 
  why are the colors for each map different ? 
  ( i wondered why ~ ~ styrofoam ~ ~ macedonia was different in the last two maps ), 
  total takings of less than 1 billion but costs for a single company of 17 billion . 
  you ca n't explain that, 
  there 's also a clause in the constitution , that states that it is only temporary and there should be made a new constitution when reunification happens . 
  by that same logic berlin would have to pay trillions to mittenwalde http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/07/18/us-germany-berlin-debt-idusbre86h10720120718, 
  why would there be rampant inflation if the basic income is paid for with taxes ? 
  i do n't think i have heard anywhere that we should print money to finance this . 
  there have been experiments in canada , but they have n't been researched because of political reasons . 
  that said , i 'm not really sure how to think about it . 
  it would reduce bureaucracy and would not treat people in bad situations like parasites , on the other hand the additional taxes can be bad for competitiveness . 
  they basically said it wo n't happen again under any circumstances , but they need laws regulating how it exactly works for the future . 
  http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/index.htm it looks more like we 'll be getting a big coalition , although i would prefer red red green, 
  if they had just questioned the relevance to wikipedia , the article would have been deleted ( at elastin the german wikipedia ), 
  taking drugs is legal though , and drug tests for workers are illegal if being on drugs ca n't lead to dangerous situations . 
  you can get heroin legally for free if you 're addicted and have failed two rehabilitation attempts . 
  also there are some centers where you get needles for free and can consume your drugs ( drogenkonsumr\u00e4ume ) cities and states can act against both afaik , so both do n't exist in bavaria afaik . 
  for cannabis there 's a little amount depending from state to state which mostly is 6 grams . 
  if you have less than this amount the proceedings can be stopped . 
  however some states like bavaria are more strict when it comes to drugs . 
  franconia , near the point where upper , lower and middle franconia meet . 
  every `` real city '' with 50k inhabitants ( w\u00fcrzburg , schweinfurt , bamberg , nuremberg , erlangen , f\u00fcrth , ansbach ) is around 60 km away . 
  there are a few cities with 10k inhabitants that are a nearer . 
  i call this a mega city . 
  normal cities are around 2-3000 inhabitants here . 
  and i 'm living in a half-city here ( it did n't have all rights of a city , in this case it had a court a market and a city wall ) with 1500 inhabitants . 
  i guess it means something like instead stealing lebensraum im osten ( living space in the east ) now germany steals something economic from the southern states and takes away the means to live . 
  i do n't think you can describe this comparison better mainly because it 's purely polemic . 
  i 'm not sure it 's the right word that i have picked with responsible . 
  i 'm not meaning responsible in the sense of responsible for what you did , but felling responsible to help your friends when they 're in a bad situation, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_home_ownership_rate that germans are too poor to buy houses while the rich bulgarians are sucking the eu dry ? 
  we had this recently here when the numbers for germany were n't here but the similar numbers of austria were used . 
  in the article also was an explanation why you ca n't really read anything into it . 
  a country with a bigger discrepancy between poor and rich will seem poorer . 
  countries with cheap state owned flats will also seem poorer , southern countries which have high rates of home ownership will seem richer on the other hand . 
  spreading this `` facts '' is only done to further tell germans that they do n't have to feel responsible . 
   we have deposit insurance for our money , right ? 
  do you really think that 's still working when the majority of the banks are failing ? 
  next you will tell me you 're insured against the apocalypse . 
  in germany it 's even legal not only decriminalized , just like taking any other drug . 
  possession is still ill all though . 
  / r/minimalism, 
  also there have been several previous attempts to establish `` non-extremist '' parties right of the cdu . 
  they all failed very hard . 
  but it 's a pretty useless fact , so why is it a basic element of general knowledge ? 
  why are n't we teaching primary school children something different , when they seemingly ca n't remember such facts ? 
  i 'm not so sure if it 's so bad if people do n't know things about space .
