  if you would design a energy efficient high-power vacuum it would just stick to the ground and not be able to be moved because it would be too strong . 
  the interesting thing is that the last winner of the test of stiftung warentest used just 870 w although on the package it said 1200 w. also , 870 w is less than the maximum of 900 w that will get introduced 2017 . 
  fuck off home again to britain . 
  illegal immigrants come here because they have it worse off at home than what you 're used to from the uk . 
  your stories sound like made up bullshit, 
  even many people living in bavaria do n't like bavarians, 
  down with bavaria !, 
  we have beer , we do n't need heineken, 
  you could export even more if you exported stroopwafels, 
  why not amputate the whole breast at birth ? 
  reduces risk of breast cancer significantly, 
  merkel still thinks that it can be solved with diplomacy , which seems pretty unlikely to me now . 
  and germany and austria have even lower numbers - low tax , low regulation , does n't necessarily have anything to do with the unemployment rates . 
  lower minimum quantity of water most probable would bring the best improvement . 
  when you just need 0.25 l and you need to boil 0.5 l you waste around half of the energy . 
   controversial ban on powerful vacuum cleaners . 
  more like uncontroversial ban on energy inefficient loud vacuum cleaners that work badly . 
  also mandatory signs that allow customers for the first time to compare vacuum cleaners . 
   threatening many of the models favoured by hairdressers professional equipment so far has always been exempt . 
   provoked a popular backlash across europe including in traditionally pro-european countries such as germany . 
  only a bit with the lightbulbs , but that has died down . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liechtenstein\u2013switzerland_relations#incidents_involving_the_swiss_military so you say switzerland just does this to show who 's the bigger country ? 
  my traditional brewery at home ( as in the one i 'm usually drinking ) also did an ipa : http://www.hofmann-bier.de/news/india-pale-ale.145.html, 
  the aldi brothers until recently were the richest people in germany , now they 're dead and their families have all the money . 
  svp is pretty obviously a neo-nazi party . 
  are you maybe mistaking them with sd , which often has `` problems '' with racist members ? 
  we just want your bicycle - if you 're dutch that is, 
  also important to note : often vacuums will actually use less energy than what the label says . 
  be careful with vorkwerk . 
  they can give you [ morbus kobold ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/penisverletzungen_bei_masturbation_mit_staubsaugern ), 
  it has n't worked out so well ? 
  what ? 
  where are the terrorist hordes that came back to europe and making problems ? 
  smaller countries mean that per year statistics do n't make that much sense if you have a low rate . 
  maybe that 's why they do n't report them . 
  ( i think san marino went from lowest imprisoned rate to highest by putting one guy in prison ), 
  all kinds of housing projects that allow tenants to pay a reduced price . 
  for instance in germany there 's sozialwohnungsbau where the company building the house will get cheap loans or other things for renting it out for several decades at a fixed lowered price . 
  or in augsburg there 's this place that exists since medieval ages where poor catholic people from augsburg can live for 1 $ . 
  the incident actually happened after sunday . 
  the welt article is at first positive towards the police officers , then after sunday it turns bad : the first police officers they speak to say that all journalists are like the protesters . 
  the next group of police officers arrest them because they do n't want to do anything with them . 
  also not agriculture ( note that turkey is included there ), 
  you 're talking nonsense because you did n't read anything about the arrests . 
  they talked to the police officers before and showed their press id . 
  the police told them that they 're only allowed to stay there if they walk and that they are n't allowed to stand still . 
  so they walked slowly so they could still take photos . 
  then they got arrested . 
  this all was at a gas station destroyed by protesters days before with no protesters in sight . 
  that 's how one of the arrested journalist describes it in his article in the welt . 
  at least on the pictures you ca n't make out these features really, 
  is this 100 % confirmed to be him ? 
  yes , but only if you define walking in the middle of the street as a criminal act . 
  wow , did n't know that germany was hit so comparatively hard in the first quarter of 2009, 
  there are some things that do n't make too much sense : n\u00fcrnberg actually is quite a big rail hub and for instance there 's already a high speed line to frankfurt . 
  it does n't make sense not routing munich-frankfurt over n\u00fcrnberg . 
  it does n't make geographical sense to route cologne - berlin over leipzig one of the most important north-south connections in germany , w\u00fcrzburg - kassel - hannover - hamburg is missing partly http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/ice_network.png/1024px-ice_network.png, 
  eger is now called cheb ( i only have been to the train station there though ), 
  it 's more like the people on fehmarn have gone full nimby, 
  please first build the feste fehmarnbeltquerung . 
  it would bring scandinavia more near to the rest of europe, 
  you mean apart from the fact that almost only people either of the eu or refugees that have their case heard individually will get let in ? 
  mostly with the deathdrugnazis, 
  this article and the comments here ist just another episode of the series : `` omg look how sweden is destroyed by immigrants '' it seems to have become a famous story with right wing people on the internet . 
  yes , at least 99 % of the immigrants i have come across here in sweden are terrorists . 
  you 're complaining that there are some wackos in the masses of people that are let in . 
  i think a country that can handle thousands of wackos born in the country can also handle the few that additionally come from immigration . 
  ( source of my information : currently living as a terrorist in sweden ), 
  well , science is not about what some random redditor believes because he read a few articles about gen iv reactors . 
  waste reduction is one of the goals of gen iv reactors . 
  however not all of the proposed designs actually can use the waste of current reactors . 
  the fact that they are still in the phase where there are several proposed general directions shows how far off in the future this really is . 
  they do n't have any uranium mines, 
  what are they milling ? 
  they 're still decades off . 
  in the same timeframe the first one will get build you can deploy renewable massively and you wo n't need them anymore . 
  longyearbyen is no town ? 
  now try to list the ones for the parts of germany, 
  so this is an article which just rephrases [ this english article ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20140807/police-ransack-house-of-unusually-large-man ) , which rephrases [ this swedish article ] ( http://www.skanskan.se/article/20140806/malmo/140809699/1004/-/tvarumslagenhet-bas-for-dopningsbutik - ), 
  it 's pretty non-saying because countries with less people get hit more by the same amount of financial loss . 
  yeah but conservatism does n't mean that old people will adopt the worldview that the old people had when they were young . 
  what the article does n't say : 61 % of the 14-29 year olds say that islam belongs to germany . 
  so it 's mainly old people rejecting that sentence . 
  lets call it franconian empire . 
  karel schwarzenberg will become first emperor . 
  capital will be his family capital at schwarzenberg castle in franconia . 
  yeah , immigrants need to get integrated now so that they do n't land at the bottom of society, 
  well , i find the boycott a bit silly myself as it wo n't change anything and the people hurt most will probably be arabs working on farms in israel . 
  however calling it anti-semitism is wrong . 
  we actually do boycott russia . 
  we ca n't boycott the gas because we 're dependent on it . 
  there is n't an acute crisis in china or saudi-arabia which is why we try to go the diplomatic way . 
  i agree that it 's sad that we do n't do more on that front and partly ignore the issues there for strategic reasons . 
  however a country on the level of israel should n't have to compare itself with such states as china or saudi-arabia . 
  hamas is sending their rocks really without any target , most of them land in the middle of nowhere . 
  they 're not aiming for civilian areas but are willing to take the chance that they land there . 
  it 's a difference that needs to be made . 
  meanwhile israel also targeted neutral un schools and hospitals . 
  the hamas abusing what is supposed to be neutral ground is despicable , but that does n't make israels actions right . 
  come on , claiming that israel just wants to be left alone by gaza is outrageously wrong .
