  there are fluctuations in the gas consumption because some winters are colder than others . 
  comparing just two years to get a general trend is silly . 
  i do n't see any point you make in your second paragraph . 
  what 's wrong with diversity in different renewable energies ? 
  come on , you do n't even separate use for electricity and other stuff like heating , which is very important when you talk about natural gas . 
  the way you made it sound was that nuclear was replaced by nat gas . 
  it 's not as fast as gas , but it 's pretty helpful . 
  only problem is that there is a limited natural potential and germany does n't have that much more potential anymore . 
  do n't spew crap , the nuclear power is replaced mostly by renewables : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/energiemix_deutschland.svg the reason why germany uses so much gas is n't electricity but heating . 
  natural gas for electricity is used mainly to regulate energy production after the demand , which no other energy source can do as good as natural gas . 
  nuclear is terrible in this regard and would need lots of additional gas . 
  also : the country with the most population in europe being the biggest consumer is n't really that strange . 
  if you look at the per capita numbers , the netherlands , belgium , italy , the uk are all in front of germany : http://www.indexmundi.com/map/?v=137000, 
  westphalia and hills , lol, 
  is n't the question of which is cleaner mainly a question of filters ? 
  i also do n't really see a reason why the nato still exists . 
  i think we should work more towards a common european defense strategy than being dragged in by the americans in a silly war like afghanistan . 
  more like the process how the commission is elected was n't / is n't seen as democratic enough . 
  the local governments are democratically elected after all but usually also do n't give any indication who they will send . 
  most corruption indices are based on perceived corruption . 
  there are also other cases of corruption , for instance the privatisation of autobahns that even happened when the studies conducted said that it would n't make any financial sense . 
  i ca n't see any reason other than corruption for it . 
  or the m\u00f6venpick affair , pretty obvious corruption . 
  also there 's a lot of corruption on the local level, 
  absolute nonsense . 
  if you have lots of nuclear power you usually also need lots of natural gas . 
  nuclear power can only provide a constant base load more or less . 
  the demand however varies throughout the day , so you need other power sources that can be regulated faster . 
  natural gas here is the fastest and germany does n't have a large enough hydro potential to use it to regulate enough . 
  further : most gas is used for heating and most nuclear power is replaced by renewables : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/energiemix_deutschland.svg, 
  nuclear waste management is the bigger concern in germany and how it 's handled right now in german is a catastrophe . 
  fourth gen reactors are too far in the future , we 'll be able to roll out renewables until gen iv reactors have been designed and enough reactors have been built . 
  is n't it the idea to merge at the last point possible to use the maximum space possible ? 
  at least that 's the way it 's regulated by law in germany . 
  however everybody ignores it anyway . 
  low population compared to the hydro potential . 
  i do n't like that we burn coal , but it 's not the dirtiest way possible we 're burning it . 
  we have mandatory flue-gas desulfurization for new coal power stations since the 70s and after huge protests in the 80s against waldsterben ( forest dieback ) , it 's mandatory for all power plants . 
  the problem is that coal plants get built although they are n't even needed in germany . 
  what 's important are not the end consumer prices but the prices at the exchanges . 
  nord pool and eex do n't have that big differences in the prices and the average price was even lower at eex for 2010 the renewables even lower the prices at the markets as only consumers pay a fee and too much energy production presses down the prizes . 
  scrap the nuclear power plants and buy electricity - germany is a net electricity exporter . 
  the few anti-eu people are just extremely loud, 
  it 's also additionally 20 % owned by lower saxony, 
  more like who lived there in the last years . 
  the 1918 flu pandemic killed even more people and you rarely hear anything about it . 
  germany even is in mali : http://www.dw.de/german-military-on-mali-mission/a-16693337, 
  pest und cholera is very common in german, 
  zwetschgen are just a subspecies of pflaumen . 
  zwetschgen are always oval . 
  now i 'm wanting to drink a [ pfl\u00e4umle ] ( http://img.webme.com/pic/m/miniaturflaschen/img_1053.jpg ), 
  yeah but it leads to all kinds of strange looking words like ass for a\u00df ( ate ), 
  nah , switzerland is doing additional restrictions . 
  another difference is that these restrictions are only temporary . 
  they could easier exit the pegging in an emergency . 
  however considering that they did n't in the euro crisis shows that this option may not be that important after all . 
  it 's not democracy if only one side decides to change the contracts one-sidedly . 
  if you would see it often you would know that it 's `` ein junger mann '', 
  `` when the baltic countries join the euro , the whole baltic sea will be surrounded by euro coins . 
  then the resistance will drop . '', 
  - olle schmidt http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getdoc.do?pubref=-//ep//text+im-press+20080627sto32879+0+doc+xml+v0//en, 
  there was some talk that sweden would reconsider adopting it if the rest of the states at the baltic sea would adopt it ( so also denmark apart from poland ), 
  nice voice, 
  television , at least that 's the way it was explained to me when i was there . 
  but we ca n't speak english because of that : /, 
  i once talked with a swedish girl that said she is n't that good in german . 
  our conversation mainly was in german , she could talk it extremely well . 
  very unlikely for things that are handled at eu-level ( so everything the bilateral treatments were about ), 
  if you may have to leave why not earlier than later ? 
  the bilateral agreements that are in danger of being suspended are about way more than only free movement . 
  switzerland is adopting eu law without having a say in it and for that becomes effectively part of several eu things like the single market . 
  an important clause of the bilateral agreements is that if one party one-sidedly exits only a small part of the agreement the whole agreement will bei void . 
  that 's the guillotine clause . 
  her/his cousin may not live there anymore then . 
  there are referendums almost everywhere , they 're often though not as far reaching and harder to start . 
  the eu has made it clear pretty strongly before that they do n't see any future in bilateral agreements anymore . 
  switzerland was told that they have the possibilities of either no change , guillotine clause or joining the eu . 
  depends , if nothing else changes , switzerland will possibly have some problems getting enough qualified workers . 
  if the eu uses the guillotine clause then it will be pretty fucked . 
  edit : grammar, 
  how do they know the age of them ? 
  the austrian one is tern and was introduced only recently . 
  it 's a project financed by the eu to design a font being a mix of all the best fonts from europe for traffic signs . 
  i hope we also adopt it . 
  well if there 's consensus about something than it also is democratic as most people would also vote for that . 
  if something is wildly unpopular than that 's the exact opposite of the definition of consensus . 
  without consensus democracy is only dictatorship of the majority . 
  - the situation if you want to get children is terrible . 
  that 's the reason why germany has so few children . 
  - our politicians are totally corrupt , but we close our eyes and say to ourselves that we are n't italy or other corrupt countries . 
  - there 's a growing divide between rich and poor - our social system is totally broken . 
  people are regularly forced to work for wages that would be illegal in other countries . 
  our healthcare system is based on rich people paying more than poor , but rich people can opt out . 
  we have some systems where the rich get more than the poor . 
  - we 're playing the victim of mass-surveillance when our intelligence agencies are doing just the same shit . 
  - there never has been a non-csu government in bavaria . 
  - we treat asylum seekers like prisoners and sometimes even worse . 
  - people are often extremely backwards . 
  - people often eat very bad food . 
  - we 're often exporting our problems to other countries , so we do n't have them .
