  they would love to see gaza wiped from the map . 
  they deny the people of gaza the right to self-determination and statehood . 
  they kill people trying to get humanitarian goods through the blockade . 
  they hinder people from fleeing the bombardment . 
  but are n't those states already boycotted by sanctions against the countries ( like syria or russia for conflicts that are in the media right now , strong regulations to prevent blood diamonds for a not so present in the media example ) , while israel has a free trade agreement ? 
  there is n't really a good way to boycott the hamas when the gaza strip is blocked by israel . 
  and is n't it silly equating the state of israel with jews , when there are even lots of jewish israelis not agreeing with the actions of their state ? 
  i think it 's even more silly to speak of defense when what both sides are doing is trying to retaliate prior actions in a harder way . 
  why is boycotting the products of a country antisemitism ? 
  saudi arabia helped bahrain surpress the democratic uprising there with their military force . 
  ( edit : i somehow feel really empathic for them http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/hundreds_of_thousands_of_bahrainis_taking_part_in_march_of_loyalty_to_martyrs.jpg ), 
  arranged marriage has reasons like money , religion . 
  the people are not trying to breed the kids into looking one certain way . 
  races are formed by breeding . 
  humans are n't breeded, 
  if you randomly pick two people from africa they will be more genetically different than if you pick one european and one asian ( if you look at african americans the situation will be totally different because slaves were only brought from a few selected locations of africa ) . 
  what the race idea is based on are a few features while others are ignored ( why are green eyed people not considered a different race ? , why are red haired people not considered a different race ? ), 
  even in the us the race concept is breaking down because it 's so unfitting for reality : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hispanics#definitions_in_the_united_states, 
  what 's in the text is not `` expected to rise '' but is `` expected to have risen '' as in they do n't have the final numbers yet but only estimates, 
  there are n't any germans living there anymore . 
  there are barely any germans left that lived there for an extended period . 
  it 's done and trying to undo it would only cause even more lives destroyed . 
  have n't travelled that much lately . 
  i liked both the netherlands and the czech republic . 
  the czech republic feels very similar to home , only with a different language and a bit less money . 
  many german cities feel more unfamiliar to me . 
  the people in the netherlands were really nice and i liked their small houses . 
  the landscape is only a bit too flat and has too few forests for me, 
  well the legal drinking age for wine and beer is 16 . 
  it 's not hard to look over 16 years old, 
  note that this graphics is only y-chromosome haplogroups ( male lineage ) . 
  there 's actually more to genomics and the rest of the genome is way more mixed . 
  actually in many parts of germany you do n't have that big a selection of beers you can get and mostly get mass-produced stuff just like everywhere else, 
  but they actually have more resources up to a certain level of taxes . 
  when everybody pays taxes it 's way cheaper to build roads than if everybody had to build roads themselves . 
  trying to get enough tax money by attracting companies with low taxes ultimately fails in the long run for non micro-states . 
  the differences in the sizes of the public sector are n't that big in europe , and some top-spending countries like denmark seem to do pretty well ; the uk also is n't that low . 
  http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:depense-publique-sur-pib.png education alone does n't help much , as can be seen in the brain-drain of countries with economical problems . 
  what does lower taxes offer apart from a race to the bottom ? 
  https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/thematisch/finanzensteuern/steuern/verbrauchsteuer/absatzbier.html bavaria with franconia are responsible for nearly 1/4 of the beer consumption while having only around 1/8 of the population, 
  it 's a ridiculous idea to have leading countries in a political union that is based on member states being equal partners . 
  yes there is nothing inherently continental to human rights , they 're universal . 
  this is the reason why trying to go back to only a national level or no basic rights is a huge step backwards, 
  even russia is part of the echr, 
  clearly the euro is hurting slovakia, 
  it is except belarus and the vatican state, 
  he rather wants a centralist super-state , hahaha, 
  nobody actually wants it in germany . 
  it 's just power-demonstration of the bavarian csu . 
  it 's so sad, 
  lots of criminals being foreign born or having foreign born parents is not hard for a city so near to copenhagen, 
  everything north of franconia : damn prussians everything south of franconia : damn bavarian oppressors baw\u00fc is okay, 
  it also feels like play money and not real coins ( the bank notes are totally okay though ), 
  exactly this . 
  especially the deregulation under the social democrats and greens have led to some really inhumane working conditions ( temp workers , 1 $ - jobs ... ), 
  additionally to a nation-wide minimum wage, 
  the trucks are driving too slow, 
  i 'd rather have motorways where driving is more relaxed like how it is for instance in the netherlands, 
  so that means [ aluburka ] ( http://rolfomat.smugmug.com/events/aluburka/ ) ca n't come to france ? 
  my try : va\u00f0la-hei\u00f0ar-vega-vinnu-verk-f\u00e6ra-geymslu-sk\u00fara-\u00fatid-yra-lykla-kippu-hringur no idea what most words could mean though, 
  as someone that had 1 year of old norse in uni : i have no idea what many of the words in the text mean . 
  what makes the rest of the bigger scandinavian languages so easy to understand is mostly that they kind of codeveloped with dutch and german ( because of the hanse and stuff ) . 
  english did n't really and thus is n't allowed into the cool club  . 
  \u00feorn is like th in thorn , e\u00f0 is like th in that ~ ~ the \u00b4 is a sign for a long vocal ( thought they are actually pronounced differently than the short versions ) ~ ~ ( edit : that 's only how it was in old norse apparently ), 
  it actually came from the industry that did n't want the high transportation costs of cucumbers that are n't straight . 
  the regulation is still used today , because it actually came from the industry . 
  they do n't want to transport curved cucumbers because it 's more costly . 
   trickle-down is a totally separate thing it 's hard intertwined with the idea that if the economic situation is improving , then everybody will benefit . 
  there the economic stimulus was reducing the taxes of the rich , because they 're in top-positions of the economy . 
   once again , you are totally misunderstanding what the market is . 
  no i 'm not . 
  in a market people with money perform better - just because they have money . 
  it 's assange that is connecting the rape he allegedly did with wikileaks . 
  it 's ridiculous how assange tries to get away from prosecution and tries to paint himself as some kind of martyr . 
  well yes there is , the trickle-down theory is pretty much accepted to be wrong today . 
  the rich getting richer , just means that the rich is getting richer , nothing else except growing wealth disparity . 
  often this even only works by making the poor people even poorer . 
  for instance in germany the median-income has effectively been going down since 20 years the market treats rich better than poor . 
  maybe because of german poppen , which means fucking ? 
  pupsen means farting . 
  in germany emancipation happened while and shortly after wwii because of war economy and rebuilding . 
  in the west this was all rolled back in the east it stayed . 
  not working was forced upon women of the west pretty long . 
  you had to get a permission by the husband to work until 1977 and if there were small kids you simply were n't able to work . 
  often not intervening in those also leads to less freedom ( for 99.9999 % of the population ) and less efficiency, 
  good luck in getting such stuff done with 28 countries without a central institution organizing that . 
  nah , it 's just something i stumbled upon when i wanted to find out where you were from and if your post-history is also mostly consisting of right wing shit posts ( yes it does ), 
  ah i see you 're an expert on rape http://www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/27bw7h/whats_it_feel_like_to_be_roofied_im_not_sure_if_i/chzpj8z, 
   it refers to all convictions . 
  the rape did n't happen if they did n't catch the perpetrator ? 
   all assault rape 's in 2007-2009 oslo was by non-westerns . 
  it was n't , read your own source  also these were special years in a special city ? 
  when you have only 5 cases statistics breaks down . 
  all mass murders in norway in the last 10 years were by right wing scandinavians . 
  should i now be afraid of you ? 
  that 's an overly specific reduction of the data to just one city , assault rape which is pretty uncommon and a few specific years . 
  you could also quote other data from the same paragraph like that less than 10 % of sexual abusers in norway are immigrant or that in the years you quoted in oslo only immigrant assault rapists were persecuted , although there also were norwegian ones, 
  nah they are n't, 
  it also neither accounts for different definitions of rape ( hint : sweden 's is broader ) nor for reporting rates, 
  immigration into the west is a joke compared to what middle eastern and african countries see nowadays .
