  what now we 're even stopping trading with the usa ? 
  why should i be proud about something i did n't do myself ? 
  i 'm grateful about being able to live in my country . 
  mostly about being able to live a life without much problems . 
  also about the bread , beer and sausages here . 
  i have more feelings to the region here though than to my country . 
  filters do n't work : - it 's an extra click that most people wo n't make - does n't work in mobile clients - if you 're subscribed to the subreddit you 'll still get the shit on your frontpage, 
  elon musk really is a genius . 
  he knows how to make a hype out of his ideas and get people to invest in them so heavily that he actually reaches quite some targets . 
  tesla motors , which is barely profitable and only produces few cars has a market cap in the same region as general motors ( tesla : 33.77 b$ general motors : 50.36 b$ ) . 
  there have been several electric car companies before , they just have n't been able to hype as much and get funded as much . 
  spacex made much furore with their long term plan to get to mars they had from the beginning . 
  with the hyperloop showed how much the hype even works when there 's not much behind . 
  or maybe he did n't manage to get enough money together to make it into a company himself . 
  fun fact : in languages that have \u00e4 , \u00f6 , \u00fc as umlauts the dots started out as a kurrent e written over the letter . 
  yes , there 's nothing wrong with demonstrating for lgtb rights . 
  this however was n't about that . 
  it was about looking like demonstrating for lgtb rights and trying to attract counteraction that can be used for right wing propaganda . 
  real pride parades do n't want to start a conflict , they want to get accepted . 
  they actually asked before implementing this a few people what they thought about it . 
  and the alternative would have been / r/europe keeping on getting spammed with immigration stuff . 
  right wing brigadiers that try to make this into drama so they can post their right wing shit again look at cilica 's post history . 
  he 's also posting to / r/european which is a right wing dump, 
  to some people it is . 
  their goal is it to get a backlash from a few immigrants so they can paint all immigrants as destroying the society . 
  so far i have n't really seen pride parades targeting churches and trying to specifically get conservative christians to react against them so they can paint them in a bad light . 
  usually it 's representatives of this group that are doing it on their own ( not in sweden though , the church there seems to be kind of ok with homosexuality ), 
  they 're actually more against it , they 're just using it for provocation and trying to paint immigrants in a bad light . 
  because he 's a good moderator ? 
  swedes actually have money though to buy bus tickets . 
  they also usually have cars when living in the middle of nowhere . 
  refugees being put into the middle of nowhere where they ca n't even buy food is actually a really common problem in many countries . 
  this measurement is also supposed to save some money . 
  today when refugees have to go to e.g. 
  the hospital a taxi will be called . 
  if they can just go to the hospital by bus it 's much cheaper . 
  he 's often making maps with bad data, 
  bulgaria has a history of mistreating refugees , so it 's no wonder that people do n't want to stay there . 
  i think the issue most of the time is n't about how the immigrants behave but about the society . 
  to make this point i want to tell you about two people i know . 
  the first one is a guy , his ( biological ) father is turkish and his mother is german . 
  his first name is a turkish one , but he grew up his whole life just with his mother . 
  therefore you could say he would be as german as possible , except his name and his look . 
  still he was always seen and treated as a turkish by almost anyone . 
  then there is a girl with both parents coming from poland . 
  her first name is ( also ? ), 
  a german one . 
  poles do n't look that much different from germans . 
  nobody would n't see her as non-german . 
  there even recently was a case where a german woman started getting problems when marrying a turkish man because she took over his last name . 
  ( sorry only german ) http://taz.de/gericht-untersagt-umbenennung/!5215091/, 
  generally i would agree , but this law seems reasonable, 
  this actually seems like a really good idea . 
  when checking for seatbelts being used and a first aid kid being there in the car also check for the eyesight of the driver, 
  because people of different income live segregated . 
  and muslims are highly represented in lower income groups . 
  criticizing islam often is just a tactic to look more legitimate and less racist . 
  sd are both racist and xenophobic . 
  islamophobia is how they 're selling their programme to the public . 
  i also would like to see that connection . 
  but that would reduce the amount of people taking the \u00d6resundsbridge and hinder it getting paid back . 
  i think 2037 is the date they 're looking for . 
   a law that is still weird in 2015 and has also been introduced in the rest of europe not in germany or austria though . 
  i read before that many local laws interpret the eu regulation a bit silly . 
  it 's the missing link connecting most of scandinavia to the rest of europe by the fastest route for trains and motor vehicles . 
  ferries suck and so does the jutland route . 
  i guess the biggest problem with it from a modern standpoint is serbo-croatia, 
  it 's also economic segregation in cities and socioeconomic segregation of immigrants . 
  then you have things like being allowed to choose the school for your child . 
  rich people will send their children to schools where only other rich kids are , native people will send their kids to other schools if their local one has too many immigrants . 
  describing them as conservative maybe is n't enough . 
  they have roots in right extremism and although they try to distance themselves from it there are still lots of crazy right wing members . 
  the latest case being a party member being caught with 500kg of explosives in falkenberg . 
  earlier in falkenberg someone from sd killed a guy with an axe just because he was foreign . 
  they 're the evil oppressors of franconians . 
  free franconia now !, 
  that 's basically the empire of charlemagne . 
  it does n't look like it was dead to me , just extremely uncommon : https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=tarnung&amp;year_start=1800&amp;year_end=2000&amp;corpus=20&amp;smoothing=3&amp;share=&amp;direct_url=t1%3b%2ctarnung%3b%2cc0, 
  i think we had something similar happen in germany some months ago . 
  they did n't calculate the size of germany just by the border but let every bundesland report how big it is and added it together . 
  the bundesl\u00e4nder asked the next lower administrative region to tell them how big they are , etc. . . 
  so lots of error added together . 
   hours worked per time is n't it always 1 ? 
  now even the netherland is part of northern europe ? 
  where will it stop ? 
  greece ? 
  for a higher price because of a private monopoly, 
  which basically led to those companies being bought up by competitors and closed down to have less competitors . 
  how sick do you need to be to actually want to watch this ? 
  wow , germany has a larger population than hungary , sweden , austria , bulgaria , denmark , finland , slovakia , ireland , croatia , lithuania , slovenia , latvia , estonia , cyprus , luxembourg , malta together, 
   33 cl beer goes for a bargain price of only 1.97 $ in belgrade you call this cheap ? 
  i get 0.5 l here for 2 $ in a pub or restaurant and let 's not start talking about the czech republic where it 's much cheaper, 
  using a great amount of people seems like a good strategy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cx5cpx4rkww, 
  cider is sparkling in contrast to most, 
  what is pretty funny is that the danes have a scheme to subvert a similar law in germany . 
  you ca n't even come to germany to marry someone without speaking german if you 're not an eu citizen . 
  in copenhagen anyone can marry anyone . 
  in german or english, 
  the pensions in germany are so low because healthcare is pretty cheap when you 're on pension ( except when you 're on private healthcare . 
  a special class of public workers that needs to use private healthcare actually gets a much higher pension because of this - 80 % of what you last earned ) you have to take costs in account when comparing countries .
