  also the usa loved to support the taliban when they were still fighting against the russians . 
  at least in germany it used to be that you have to give up your citizenship if you serve in a foreign military . 
  however there was some change that you do n't loose it if it is a eu , efta or nato one . 
  there 's actually lte coverage by telekom almost everywhere . 
  the only problem is that you will be throttled after 10gb to unusable speeds if you have a location specific contract that only works at your home . 
  if you have a mobile contract you 'll be throttled way earlier obviously . 
   the name is going to be released anyway , by the media . 
  not in germany . 
  do n't forget that you should treat the waves of the raf as different groups . 
  they had relatively few to do with each other . 
  metering and charging the money will also introduce extra costs . 
  if you need a bad stereotype about swedes : they lock up suspects which [ even can be children ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20141128/un-criticises-swedens-prison-children ) into solitary confinement, 
  german weapons are even used in the mexican drug wars . 
  it 's a shame that we export without looking after what happens with the stuff afterwards . 
  you can thank merkel , it 's her government that needs to authorize weapon selling into foreign countries . 
  sunny here all the time but had no glasses . 
  1999 was cloudy though : /, 
  not part of eu vat tax area . 
  there are lots special places ( helgoland is even tax-free if i remember it correctly ), 
  some people do n't want to work together with the usa , because of their illegitimate foreign politics ( questionable wars , deadly drone strikes in countries they have n't declared war on , ... ) i would say we 're strong enough on our own in europe, 
  wikipedia says next total eclipse in europe is 2026 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solar_eclipse_of_august_12,_2026, 
  also the ministry of transport . 
  there are several public private partnership projects that have been shown to cost more than building it just from the public hand . 
  and this in studies initiated by the ministry . 
  soviet is another word the bolsheviki changed the meaning of . 
  the gdr also called itself a democracy . 
  especially in germany . 
  we always tell ourselves that we do n't have corruption . 
  yet stuff like the m\u00f6venpick-affair happens all the time . 
  it 's basically coming from a long a , ' \u00e1 ' in old norse that is nowadays pronounced like a ` o ' should be pronounced more or less . 
  that 's also why ` aa ' and ' \u00e5 ' are kind of equivalent in danish . 
  they do n't use ` o ' because they pronounce it ( at least in most cases ) more like a ` u ' should be pronounced . 
  and debts lowered for those with debts . 
  ( yay ! ), 
  cayenne are actually not that expensive , you can get used ones for under 10 000 $, 
  it 's about defeating imperialists that tried to conquer all of europe . 
  i do n't see a problem with this . 
  coins commemorating hostile takeovers or similar would be questionable . 
  particulate matter is a big issue with burning wood, 
  this might not happen as gender roles are carried on by everybody , regardless of the gender . 
  you can see this by merkel not doing anything to further equal rights and you were able to see this by westerwelle being against furthering gay rights . 
  the reason why i do n't like this kind of law is that it 's mostly symbolic . 
  it maybe affects 200 people . 
  a pretty small problem compared to the pay gap affecting millions of women . 
  but it shows that the two countries ca n't work together correctly in that sector . 
  the question is n't wether russia is the original aggressor . 
  the question is wether we should act with counter-aggression like the us wants us to . 
  a second cold war should n't be our target . 
  single page link : http://ca.reuters.com/article/businessnews/idcakcn0sq1l320151101?sp=true, 
  why should it be mentioned ? 
  nuclear cost only rises because it 's largely depending on costs of the building industry . 
  the future guaranteed feed in tariff at hinkley point c is already higher than today 's guaranteed feed in tariff for larger photovoltaic installations in germany and way higher than the one for wind power . 
  also there 's still the problem with the nuclear waste . 
  gen iv nuclear reactors if they will ever come to fruition are 20-30 years off at least . 
  by then solar and wind energy prices will have dropped to ridiculously low prices . 
  it was all over the media . 
  just not so prominent in tv , because criminal cases rarely get reported on tv ( we have more real news with  80 million inhabitants and are n't as crime obsessed as e.g. 
  swedes ), 
   if literally being a convicted terrorist does n't get you deported from merkel 's germany , lying about being a refugee probably wo n't it 's an awaiting death penalty that led to him not being deported . 
  i know many people here in this subreddit do n't seem to understand the values we have here in europe . 
  so : not killing people is one of them . 
  lying about being a refugee does n't get you the death sentence anywhere . 
   nobody talks except there 's an article about it on the bbc, 
   should we be fired for what we say online ? 
  if you say something online with your own name it 's the equivalent to going to a town square and shouting with a megaphone so everybody can listen . 
  you will always have to cope with the reactions of what you say . 
  when you do so in public the reactions can be way more extreme . 
  wat  3rd world nation syria would n't be that bad if there were n't war there . 
   with very generous welfare which you do n't receive if you just disappear, 
  you know that you have to pay vat on non eu vat area imports ? 
  yeah let those us corporations even not pay taxes , that 's how we 'll build our economy !, 
  no it is n't . 
  coal is heavily subsidized in germany : http://www.greenpeace.de/fileadmin/gpd/user_upload/themen/energie/kohlesubventionen_1950-2008.pdf ( page 11 and 15 ), 
  franconia will be free !, 
  yeah , food that is not even allowed to be labeled if it 's gmo or not . 
  actually it 's legal in germany . 
  if you 're at least 23 years old , 5 years addicted and have failed two therapies you will get it from your doctor paid by your medical insurance . 
  afaik the model is from switzerland and is implemented in other countries too, 
  the taliban banned it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opium_production_in_afghanistan#rise_of_the_taliban_.281994.e2.80.932001.29, 
  no franconian flag : / edit : flag of monacco is same as the flag of franconia without the coat of arms , but nobody will recognize this : /, 
  it is n't as bad for industry as it is for households : http://www.eds-destatis.de/de/downloads/sif/qa_09_048.pdf, 
  here it 's because my district is incapable of setting up a yellow bag . 
  you have to seperate hd-pe from ld-pe from pp ( and what kinds of plastics exist ) and bring it all clean to the recycle yard . 
  there exists much `` garbage tourism '' because of that where the people bring their garbage to relatives in adjacent districts where there exists a yellow bag . 
  pah , here i have separate the different kinds of plastics . 
  he is . 
  he does n't even have austrian citizenship . 
  but he fled to austria when he was 11 and is family seems to have been mainly seated in bohemia and austria before . 
  he also has a castle here in franconia where the traditional seat of his family is . 
  hmm i 'm interested why some cities are in so low debt in comparison to others ( w\u00fcrzburg-n\u00fcrnberg ), 
  when did britain invade switzerland ? 
  food already is taxed less . 
  this does n't keep food prices stable, 
  to keep food prices stable and low . 
  this is very essential to keep a society running . 
  maybe the lessons about bavarian history could qualify as one-sided . 
  the prussians were n't really shown in a good light . 
  ianal but afaik only if they can be recognized on that picture . 
  note that the face does n't have to be on the picture for the person to be recognized . 
  the majority in germany did n't like nuclear power before , they just cared less .
