europe : abridged, 
  croatian wikipedia is pretty pathetic . 
  english is almost always better . 
  even with some croatia related stuff , english has better organised and laid out articles that talk about important stuff . 
  and croatian wikipedia has over 100k articles , so it 's not a ghost town . 
  holy shit , that 's middle earth !, 
  that was pretty great , i have to say . 
  and not a single mention of h\u00e4yh\u00e4 . 
   now i wan na create one about croatia . 
  after 50 of his soldiers were held hostages and used as human shields and he was assured by mladic that bosniaks were just being transferred . 
  what was he to do after he saw his men tied with their hands around power poles while serbs were marching the bosniaks to kill sites ? 
  the very attack on a `` safe area '' showed mladic had no regard for un protocol and he would have killed the dutchbat if they stood in his way . 
  i do n't blame him for saving his men , when his men dying would have changed nothing . 
  mostly it 's cool . 
  there is a minority who still passionately hate serbs and are vocal and open about it , however they have little to no influence on the culture . 
  only occasionally their sentiments flare up for special occasions ( most recently for the whole gotovina ordeal ) but otherwise they are ignored . 
  your girlfriend was probably a part of this minority . 
  furthermore there is a layer of society which is n't openly against serbs , but prefer to have them keep to their little serb pockets and would chuck a fit if their child was to marry one . 
  but as long they have nothing to do with serbs , they 're happy to live and let live . 
  majority of people are kind of meh about it . 
  for them the war is over , and while there is no great love for serbs , they recognise that mistakes were made on both sides and shit happened and the point is to look forward and accept that we have to live with the serbs and be civilised neighbours . 
  if you are a serb living in croatia , your chances of having any dramas caused over your nationality are very very slim , unless you go out looking for it . 
  do n't think they would . 
  all of those ideas are pretty basic parts of being a croat . 
  i think majority would support it even if they are super bitter about the current situation . 
  what ? 
  the failure of the dutch battalion to protect srebrenica from mladic ? 
  i would n't blame you . 
  what were some 450 soldiers gon na do against vrs ? 
  sure it would have been poetic if dutchbat went down in a storm of bullets , but the fact is that ultimately their response was irrelevant . 
  they were n't equipped or prepared to fight that fight and they were abandoned by nato . 
  dying or surviving , it changes nothing , in which case i prefer surviving so we do n't have to cite the numbers of srebrenica victims as 8000 bosniaks and 450 dutchbat unprofor personnel kia . 
  if you want to blame anyone for the faliure to protect srebrenica `` safe area '' blame unprofor or un at large not netherlands itself . 
  well , i lack any deep understanding of finnish history or culture . 
  i do know about this dude who happens to be the most successful sniper in the history of modern war and a surrounding campaign where 300 000 finns held off 4 million soviets . 
  so , i think you can see how given those two my mind instantly goes to h\u00e4yh\u00e4 and the winter war . 
  none of this is meant to detract from many other finnish achievements and i welcome you to educated me about some other ones , should you wish to . 
  it 's not like one excludes the other . 
  what about simo h\u00e4yh\u00e4 and the winter war ? 
  [ better than winning but not getting the credit . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rock_me_\\ ( riva_song \\ ) ), 
  - croatian war of independence . 
  i would have preferred if it did n't happen , but once it did we responded with a ferocity i 'm proud of . 
  - yugoslav front in the ww2 . 
  i know not every croat would agree , but both my grandfathers were with tito 's partisans and they put up hell of a fight . 
  - not losing our national identity between 1102 and 1991 when myriad of other people ruled us . 
  croatian `` family first '' style group claims they 've acquired enough signatures to force the government to hold a referendum which would change the constitution to define marriage as a union of a man ad a woman . 
  the problem is that i 'm afraid it will pass . 
  so , fuck that , and fuck them , and i guess i 'm checking my enrolment details soon . 
  [ source . 
  i 'm not the creator of this image . 
  i just saw it , ran it through karmadecay , saw it has n't been posted in / r/europe and posted it myself . 
  the original artists appears to be [ this guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/user/zackabier ) . 
  all credits ( and criticism ) to him . 
  you could even say our dominant export is unwanted pregnancies . 
  they 're not elected by the population . 
  the point is that the monarchy needs to transition from deriving it 's `` right to rule '' from divine to deriving it 's right to rule from the people . 
  thus an elected representative gets to crown the new monarch . 
  see , i disagree . 
  she looks like an average run of the mill middle aged woman with a good stylist . 
  for secular constitutional monarchies i think it should be the prime minister . 
  in the areas that were affected by the balkan conflicts do n't try to explore the nature independently . 
  check with locals if there are any dangerous areas , there may still be unexploded suprises . 
  otherwise , have fun . 
  main reason why i 'm happy that croatia is entering eu is that we 'll finally be part of things like this ... 
  is n't this going to collapse cyprus banks as people withdraw their money and banks do n't have the funds needed for day to day trading ? 
  and croatia . 
  the reign of croatialess eu maps continues ... 
  i wish people would whine about us . 
  we 're not even relevant enough to be whined about . 
  i think we should crash our economy or something . 
  cause they 're anti-english . 
  media is saying that it 's a likely possibility . 
  my jimmies are rustled that slovenians are in the central europe but croatia is in balkans . 
  slovenians too are dirty slavs , they belong with us . 
  been said million time i 'm sure , but just to continue echoing the sentiment , i too would not stay at any place that bans a fellow eu citizen . 
  withdrawing benefits of eu is not punishing . 
  uk wants to stand on it 's own . 
  eu should let them do that . 
   implying that trump voters were fully informed . 
  create a distributed public blockchain validated by crypto and issue each voter one time secret token ( after you verify their identity ) that they can use to anonymous add their vote to the blockchain . 
  make all the source code ( and i mean all of it ) open source and after a security review institute an edit freeze on the code few months before elections . 
  am i missing something ? 
  thinking that you 've done what you 're supposed to do and actually doing what you 're supposed to do are two different things . 
  what i got from this is that she fucked up for the second time ( after first time they let it slide ) and then when that was pointed out to her she was incredolous they would not let her in anyway cause ... she tried really hard ? 
  the irony here is that she 's from a country that employs what are essentially thugs to do its border checks . 
  also , she was being deported to usa , why did n't the usa government pay for her ticket ? 
  i know somebody who got deported from germany to australia and australian government gave him a choice of a ticket to any australian state capital and he just had to pay the government back once he started working again . 
  see , i would . 
  if eu + norway and switzerland nations are competing amongst themselves then i 'd pick my favourite , but if i saw one of aforementioned nations compete against usa i 'd feel duty bound to support them . 
  is that silly ? 
  i do . 
  when people ask me where i 'm from i often say `` europe '' . 
  maily because croatia is not a big country and people do n't instantly get where it is or who we are . 
  by european they can quickly place me in a proper context without feeling stupid about not knowing where some tiny country is . 
  when i travel , like i am currently in mauritius , i often get the same warm and fuzzy feeling when i see any eu 's embassy as i do if i saw croatian embassy . 
  geez , seems like you do n't like it here in / r/europe . 
  maybe i suggest a brexit from this sub ? 
  say what you will about balkans but we 're battle hardened and united in our ... ahem ... dislike of turks . 
  we 've stopped them before when they were led by men greater than erdogan .
