  bring it . 
  i do n't blame dutchbat or think they 're responsible for anything that happenet in srebrenica , but how did 800 candian unprofor forces hold at bay 2500 croatian soldiers fielding m-84 tanks during operation medak pocket for an entire night until croats were ordered to stand down ? 
  how does this chasm in performance appear between two sets of unprofor forces ? 
  the doctrine of wahhabi islam does not allow for any moral relativism . 
  they follow the letter of qur ` ran , not the spirt of it . 
  for them qur ` ran is final and perfect word of allah . 
  if it is written in qur ` ran , it 's the right thing to do , and no further discussion is allowed . 
  and allah tells you to kill infidels and enemies of islam . 
  thus , in their fucked up religion it makes perfect sense . 
  yes . 
  basically all the killers were orthodox christians and all the victims were muslims . 
  at the same time , dutch troops , presumed christian , walked away . 
  i grew up in balkans too and i 've never heard of a catholic serb , orthdox croat or christian bosniak . 
  in that area of the world religion is inextricably linked with ethnicity . 
   secondly what if i told you the religion has nothing to do with the cruelty ? 
  seriously its just 100 % excuse for example to isis to do brutal shit . 
  ( also to brainwash little kids ) without any religion isis would be as bad as it is now . 
  they would just use another excuse . 
  just as hitler did . 
  just as parties have done hundreds years . 
  please see [ daesh official magazine dabiq , issue 15 , page 30 ] ( http://clarionproject.org/factsheets-files/islamic-state-magazine-dabiq-fifteen-breaking-the-cross.pdf ) : ____  many westerners , however , are already aware that claiming the attacks of the mujahidin to be senseless and questioning incessantly as to why we hate the west and why we fight them is nothing more than a political act and a propaganda tool . 
  the politicians will say it regardless of how much it stands in opposition to facts and common sense just to garner as many votes as they can for the next election cycle . 
  the analysts and journalists will say it in order to keep themselves from becoming a target for saying something that the masses deem to be `` politically incorrect . '' the apostate `` imams '' in the west will adhere to the same tired clich\u00e9 in order to avoid a backlash from the disbelieving societies in which they 've chosen to reside . 
  the point is , people know that it 's foolish , but they keep repeating it regardless because they 're afraid of the consequences of deviating from the script . 
  there are exceptions among the disbelievers , no doubt , people who will unabashedly declare that jihad and the laws of the shari\u2019ah -- as well as everything else deemed taboo by the islam-is-a-peaceful religion crowd -- are in fact completely islamic , but they tend to be people with far less credibility who are painted as a social fringe , so their voices are dismissed and a large segment of the ignorant masses continues believing the false narrative . 
  as such , it becomes important for us to clarify to the west in unequivocal terms -- yet again -- why we hate you and why we fight you . 
  we hate you , first and foremost , because you are disbelievers ; you reject the oneness of allah -- whether you realize it or not -- by making partners for him in worship , you blaspheme against him , claiming that he has a son , you fabricate lies against his prophets and messengers , and you indulge in all manner of devilish practices . 
  ____ i think they 've made it clear that their primary motivator is religion . 
  i know you mean well , but let 's not forget this was a religiously motivated genocide . 
  maybe this would have been avoided if there were a bit fewer people who looked to heavens for guidance . 
  yeah . 
  our politicians fuck us every day . 
  he did a podcast with sam harris recently . 
  check it out if you need a preview . 
  it 's a fetus , not a kid . 
  learn the difference . 
  i 'm starting to come around to the idea that this brexit thing is gon na be good for everyone . 
  uk does n't need to be part of something they 're not into and we can continue on the path of ever closer integration . 
  the whole point is that it 's not working correctly in greece and has to be changed . 
  and most importantly same for everyone . 
  that 's not how things work in the west . 
  [ sharia law is used for binding arbitration decisions in uk in civil cases . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/lawreports/joshuarozenberg/2957692/what-can-sharia-courts-do-in-britain.html ), 
  i do n't see how this makes it better . 
  are muslims living in greece not worthy of protection afforded by greek inheritance law and instead must adhere to a separate legal code ? 
  furthermore , should plaintiffs win , since there is n't any legally established way of de jure becoming a muslim , what stops anyone in greece from invalidating anyone 's greek will by claiming that they were a muslim ? 
  remember , it 's a will , so the creator of the will is dead and unable to refute the claim . 
  moving on from there , if echr rules in plaintiffs favour this potentially sets a precedent that part of sharia is legally valid in part of eu . 
  from there it 's not a huge leap to move from inheritance law into other domains and from greece into other countries . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  and then after the massive backlash doubling down on it ... splc is dead to me . 
  tbh , always thought of hungary as our chill neighbour to the north with that bitchin ' lake ( your history of oppressing us is water under the bridge , really ) but orban has single-handedly managed to change my opinion of hungarians into the rednecks of europe . 
   implying bosnian serbs are n't taking cues from serbia proper, 
  you ca n't do that !, 
  that makes too much sense !, 
  bigger , stronger and more unified eu makes things awkward for them . 
  let 's wait and see how it plays out , champ . 
  2 years `` how high is the brexit bill ? '', 
  good . 
  make it hurt . 
  never !!, 
  legal insanity is in criminal context means that during planning and execution of your crime , your perception of the world was not twisted . 
  so , if he thought that upon killing those kids he would be welcomed back in oslo with cheering crowds , and all the mulsims would flee the country in fear , he is insane . 
  his perception of the world and his actions and motivations are twisted and insane . 
  oh , in croatian gender nouns are such a pain for people who are trying to learn it as adults . 
  most of the time they are also completely arbitrary only exception being that things that come in pairs will usually have both genders ( stol = table is male , stolica = chair is female ) . 
  slang , not standard croatian tho . 
  there was a huge controversy when the change from croatian dinar to kuna was announced because nda ( independent state of croatia , a nazi puppet state during ww2 ) used kuna for the name of their currency . 
  with the right wing chest beating during 90s , i guess you ca n't really blame anyone for getting defensive about use of ustasha names . 
  except that , in actuality , as wtf_are_you_talking said , it is the old croatian custom back from medieval times when marten pelts were used as currency . 
  ustashas just adopted the name for themselves . 
  and i 'm glad , cause in the world of dollars , dinars and krone at least we got an interesting name . 
  this just goes to show that croatian entry is so bland and boring that you ca n't even make fun of it . 
  serbo-croatian ? 
  the fuck ? 
  that 's the foundation of eu . 
  we hate each other , but we hate others even more . 
  how dare you say that !!!!, 
  that 's it , i am putting croatian paramilitary forces at high alert . 
  this insult shall not go unpunished !!, 
  i think anti-corruption is a top down approach . 
  you keep the bastards at the top honest and you instil the anti-corruption culture and they pressure everyone under them . 
  i 've seen some effects on local level , but not as pronounced as the top stuff . 
  i do n't have a problem with that . 
  as long as they do it lawfully , they can buy everything they want . 
  but you guys have what i personally call `` tradition of success '' . 
  you are one of oldest democracies and you 've made yourself into a successful powerful country before eu . 
  you can not honestly say that croatia should n't join because swiss/norwegians did n't and look how well they are doing . 
  we are not in your class , as simple as that . 
  you also choose european parliament directly in addition to choosing which government represents you indirectly . 
  i think parliament needs to be given right of legislative initiative like every other parliament ever . 
  that is how i feel for the most part . 
  not all our problems will be magically solved , but i do n't think we can afford not to be part of the project . 
  not much . 
  i think croatian politicians need somebody above them to smack them upside the head . 
  i do n't believe they can do a good job , by far the best thing they have done was eu negotiations and that took them 10 years . 
  however , i think corruption is really being put under control uskok ( government anti-corruption body ) is literately overworked and are massively prosecuting everyone and everybody including our former pm and massive business ventures that were mishandled . 
  i am really hoping that if there is anything that eu negotiations brought then it 's a real powerful anti-corruption drive . 
  from my last information , we can not join eurozone before 2020 . 
  i ca n't give you source for that despite all the furious googling i 'm doing , but i do remember that from my research .
