i 've been here a few weeks and most of the beer is shit , but 1925 is actually quite lovely . 
  everyone just calls it ` milno ' here though . 
  how do you intend to stop that without interfering with the law of another country ? 
  it 's fair that most building , labour , plumbing jobs etc. 
  are advertised word-of-mouth since one bad job can costs thousands of pounds . 
  is there anywhere i can see these stats ? 
  any pole etc. 
  i work with all get paid the same amount as any brit would as long as they do n't fuck up a job . 
  and because these people are also good at their jobs . 
  i do n't know if you 're referencing the building trade , which i 've been part of for about five years now , but these so-called eastern europeans are very good at the work they do . 
  people should be employed based on their ability to do the job . 
  fascist . 
  salt !, 
  and i really hope you 're joking , you fool . 
  maybe he is , i ca n't tell now ... 
  such an over-exaggeration . 
  no , it gives me a massive erection . 
  rightfully so how ? 
  bullfighting is disgusting . 
  it is n't culture , it 's animal torture . 
  yeah i think it 's the lowest union support has been in quite some time . 
  certainly very interesting . 
  law created by humans . 
  you ca n't just throw everyone in a camp you cunt . 
  i think i 'll cut off my nose to spite my face . 
  there are always viable alternatives in a proportionally representative democracy . 
  the germans are comfortable with the grand coalition and they will be for some time . 
  seeing as these ` established ' parties will still win a majority at the next election it 's quite clear that they 're not out of touch with society . 
  voting for afd as a ` signal ' is just a rewording of a protest vote . 
  brits keep electing cunts . 
  irish keep electing cunts . 
  turks elect cunts . 
  spanish elect cunts . 
  and so on . 
  does n't represent all of the people . 
  why ? 
  it 's not about increasing germany 's population overall , but it 's best in the long term . 
  germany 's population is decreasing significantly and is expected to do so until 2060 at least , and that 's with incredibly high levels of immigration every year . 
  it seems everyone else on this sub has a better understanding of germany than germans . 
  in their own words . 
  either someone does something now to drastically increase germany 's population or they 'll be fucked in about 60 years . 
  better to bring in people now , educate them and their children now, 
  you 're ignoring what i 'm saying and just downvoting me anyway . 
  the main point of your original post was that trump 's policies are n't extreme which they certainly are . 
  by his own admission alone i would n't be allowed to enter the united states because of my country 's history of terrorism . 
  denying british and irish entry is extreme . 
  he wants to significantly reduce ( if not defund ) planned parenthood . 
  his own personal opinions on abortion ( which change faster than a fucking traffic light ) are extreme compared to the liberal state the us is now . 
  he 's also insane enough to believe that he can both drastically increase investment and wipe the national debt . 
  his economic policy is more populist than extreme i 'll give you that . 
  it 's also unachievable . 
  because it 's nothing more than populism . 
  i trust the actual president of mexico denying any possibility of mexico paying for a border wall more than i trust a balding ex-reality tv star . 
  do n't be so simplistic . 
  build a wall and ( try to ) force mexico to pay for it ? 
  okay . 
  that 's a pretty fair sample size . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  it 's an important issue so i 'd hope for there to be more polling on it in the future . 
  where are these polls ? 
  i 've seen multiple polls in favour of independence and one in favour of the union since brexit . 
  is this one poll the ` polls ' unionists are talking about ? 
  no blacks , no dogs , no irish !, 
  your own insecurity about your nationality does n't give you the right to say he is n't austrian . 
  he was born and raised in austria and is an austrian . 
  if he were born and raised in ireland he 'd be irish . 
  soon , my love . 
  i guess you just want to watch the world burn . 
  you did n't use enough buzzwords i 'm afraid . 
   in most islamic countries , you can not go outside without a hijab or burqa without getting into trouble . 
  the irony of such an imposition . 
  banning the burkini etc. 
  is just as bad . 
  no it wo n't be . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is n't far-left lol . 
  there was a lower chance of brexit just prior to the referendum ... 
  such as ? 
  how are you so certain that the majority are economic migrants ? 
  totally fine for russia to annex parts of ukraine . 
  totally . 
  up to no good as usual . 
  do you not think this is relevant to / r/europe ? 
  nope . 
  so let 's travel back two decades and not spend the money ? 
  the language has been revived and it would be worse to stop supporting it now . 
  a significant proportion of the welsh speak welsh . 
  it 's not ` creating a new language ' , it 's supporting a language many people already speak . 
  it 's clear why i corrected you . 
  scottish national party . 
  you mean the westminster that voted heavily to remain ? 
  so german then ? 
  country by name but comparing it to a french or italian region is completely fair , as it would be to compare it to a comunidad aut\u00f3noma in spain . 
  decency ? 
  if you posted this on / v/european they 'd all agree . 
  careful , apparently refugees are under your bed and ready to rape at a moment 's notice ? 
  doubtful . 
  some people are just very upset . 
  completely agree . 
  so can the irish president and so can the british monarch , does n't mean it 's going to happen . 
  parliament is sovereign .
