  on the upside , you do have lots of money . 
  it 's cool . 
  we 're still bros. . what i find vexing is not lack of nationalism or willingness to fight but the flowering of german russophilia on left ( !! ), 
  and right in a time of increased russian aggression . 
  you 're 100 % right -- except for the matter of russia , which is a real bone of contention between warsaw and berlin . 
  sorry for being dramatic , but i honestly question whether the germans would be all that willing to put much on the line in the event of a serious confrontation in the east . 
  and i think many poles would agree , for what it 's worth . 
  4get but nevah 4give !!!, 
  as i always say . 
  yep . 
  niemcy , especially , would be the first to stab you in the back , if it means stability for themselves . 
  i 'm surprised they 're not trying to sell you down the river already . 
  `` please !, 
  take all you like . 
  it 's just a bunch of polacks anyway . 
  who cares ? '', 
  freedom * and * liberty ( for capital ), 
  yeah . 
  i did n't know how to render the \u00f6-sound in english . 
  wow . 
  high praise . 
  thanks !, 
  you 're in for a treat . 
  because they have a weird language * even among the other baltic nations * . 
  sorry for assuming you were german . 
  i 'm on a smart phone app and ca n't see flair . 
  i would actually characterize your comments ( `` the us has no grounds to talk ... institutionalized racism '' ) as classic whataboutism . 
  in former eastern bloc countries , it was common for party members to deflect criticism of the regime with the refrain `` but they 're lynching black people in alabama . '', 
  let 's please talk about all countries ' crimes . 
  let 's ditch whataboutist `` you have no grounds to talk . '', 
  please shut up . 
  make your criticisms of any country for their activities . 
  anyone can and should do that . 
  but do n't appeal to germany 's supposed saintliness . 
  it 's really pathetic , chauvinistic and an invitation to read off the long litany of war crimes and atrocities that that nation is responsible for . 
  which war ? 
  i was shocked about the spying thing . 
  ( not only on merkel of course , on us all . ), 
  i did think we were bros. 
  apparently it 's an anglophone-only club ... 
  do whatever it takes , including taking up arms , to restore the republic and remove the invaders . 
  what else ? 
  i may be a bleeding heart anti-war liberal but , by god , i am an american . 
  how so ? 
  france . 
  they do n't get enough respect . 
  `` useful idiots '' is a good term for western leftists ( and others ) who giddily cheer on putin 's crypto-fascism because it means embarrassment for the us and obama . 
  you share poland 's national-martyr complex ? 
  and winning the war . 
  high five !, 
  canada has a short growing season ? 
  the best produce i 've ever had was in turkey . 
  i suspect it 's the mediterranean climate and proximity to farms . 
  the second-best produce i 've had was in southern california . 
  trough , through , tough , thought , thorough . 
  i reject those premises out of hand . 
  american defenders of israel would say that because it 's '' '' '' `` western '' '' '' '' we should forgive it its sins . 
  human rights do not belong to the west and the west is not uniquely good at defending them . 
  the one area where that kind of thinking works perhaps is in the sense that we should hold our own countries to account . 
  so as an american i need to be concerned about money and other support we give to israel and other countries . 
  beyond that though , israel is like any other county . 
  it should be held to the same standard as france or burundi or china . 
  indeed . 
  it 's much easier than , say , building a concretely , materially better future for workers everywhere , at home and internationally -- but who on the left these days can be bothered with * that !, 
  there are plenty more states than israel with a poor human rights record . 
  you 'd never know given the way the left has fixated on that conflict . 
  english : * 15 -- 20 vowels * 24 consonants * around 50 % of our words are from norman french ; we have [ germanic and latinate words ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_germanic_and_latinate_equivalents_in_english ) that express the same thing but usually only one is correct in a given context -- a leg-up to romance and germanic speakers , but i imagine it 's confusing for others . 
  * english spelling is a palimpsest of hodgepodgery * weird modal verbs , [ phrasal verbs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phrasal_verb ), 
  ever hear of saudi arabia or uae , the supposedly purest and best model practitioners of islam ? 
  menial labor is often performed by infidel foreign workers . 
  nor with the vietnamese , brazilians , or congolese , i do n't think . 
   you might want to look into the ethnic tensions , violence and generally horrible way those migrants were treated by both other migrants and the existing population . 
  they became american but it certainly was n't easy or painless for anyone . 
   for sure . 
  but think about how much worse off they would have been without the then-robust institution of public education . 
  that 's depressing . 
  i know americans who were born in turkey but who are now perfectly american . 
  [ cenk uygur ] ( https://youtu.be/lrpjohrly2s ) is a famous example . 
  he came here at age 11 from turkey . 
  nope , both born after 1950 . 
  trust me , i 'm from nyc . 
  i see how this works and how it does n't work . 
  three things off the top of my head contribute to assimilation : language ( english , in our case ) is number one . 
  there is no integration without it . 
  going to good public schools is two . 
  that 's where you learn civic culture , history etc. 
  finally , having to work in diverse workplaces where you are forced to deal with all sorts of people is three . 
  my father arrived in this country as a child speaking no english . 
  he went through the school system ( when it was still rigorous ) and is today as american in his attitudes , identity , politics etc. 
  as anyone born here . 
  eta : my mom too actually . 
  that 's tremendous arrogance . 
  what kind of future do they hope to leave their kids who are born there . . ? 
  perhaps we should study how we in the us dealt with the integration during the immigrant era from 100 years ago they transformed millions of young italians , germans and poles into americans pretty well . 
  i was careful to say they had moved past serfdom by that time . 
  it 's unclear when or even if they ever formally abolished serfdom -- such is the glory of english history . 
  but the fact of the matter is that it died out * in practice * at an early date compared to the continent ( outside of the nordic countries ) . 
  what did n't die out , of course , was all forms of worker exploitation . 
  but then that was never the contention . 
  indeed he would be !,
