  and you know how muricans feel about that . 
  people thought it would ruin the city and end freedom . 
  what it did instead was end the cholera outbreaks that periodically ravaged the city and allowed the city to grow to 8 million people . 
  tl ; dr nyc 's commercial might is a creation of the state, 
  yes . 
  let 's worship it . 
  wait , what kind of horrible animal is canada ? 
  a beaver skull ? 
  you definitely want to mix it up . 
  too much germanic and you sound dumb . 
  too much french/latinate and you sound insufferably pretentious . 
  the beauty of english !, 
  we speak two languages . 
  that 's a lot of long-ass words from latin . 
  it does n't sound very english . 
  it sounds try-hardy . 
  that is a grand assemblage of voluminous multisyllabic latinate verbiage . 
  it does n't resonate anglically . 
  it resonates as exerted . 
  fellow yank checking in . 
  southern black culture also gave us mlk jr. . let 's not paint with a broad brush . 
  it 's a specific `` rebel '' image of southern blackness that we 're talking about . 
  it 's not so different from the `` rebel '' redneck image of southern whiteness , i would add . 
  but i agree with your general point -- these are all different from the phenomenon of chavdom or guido-dom , which emerge from cities and is strictly * working-class * not from the very poor or a benthic criminal class . 
  the nazis and neo-nazis/neofascists . 
  from a recent [ atlantic ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/features/archive/2015/02/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ) article on the appeal of isis :  fascism , orwell continued , is `` psychologically far sounder than any hedonistic conception of life ... whereas socialism , and even capitalism in a more grudging way , have said to people `` i offer you a good time , '' hitler has said to them , `` i offer you struggle , danger , and death , '' and as a result a whole nation flings itself at his feet ... we ought not to underrate its emotional appeal . '', 
  i love that lady with the red hair who can be a lead on romanian abfab . 
  `` just doing what is best '' can be pernicious . 
  fascism and racism are zombie-like tendencies in modern politics worldwide . 
  we are compelled to examine the experience of the early-mid 20th century europe , which mirrors our own in some ways , if we are to live in peace and provide for material and social progress . 
  it 's an old polish man thing too . 
  they are united with the teutonic oppressor in their practicality that verges on a hatred of aesthetics or beauty . 
  ... well ... um ... he was born in stuttgart , but we are polish , i swear ( grandparents born in poland ; all of them polish-speaking and polish citizens ) . 
  i 'm half-polish . 
  i say it with love/frustration . 
  my dad is a trueslav , born in yurop . 
  he wears socks with his sandals and all !, 
  you guys also had a medieval latin university in contact with the rest of the centers of learning in europe since 1364 and participated in various western cultural paradigm shifts like the renaissance , the scientific revolution , enlightenment and the xviiith century revolutions . 
  comedy gold when it comes to potential sporting events . 
  ( squatting , racism , tracksuits , kebab removal , grimacing etc. ), 
  typical knowledge base of the managerial class in this country . 
  i live in new york . 
  you can get a lovely [ one of these ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/bn-ae241_102813_j_20131028144728.jpg ) . 
  `` ascension '' is reserved for christ . 
  the blessed virgin is always described as `` being assumed '' into heaven . 
  i think the distinction might be that she did so not by her own power , but by god 's . 
  it 's so very unfair . 
  do n't ever let the germans , russians , british , french , americans and canadians forget how much you all have given for europe 's freedom and how little you got in return . 
  but still ... op is wrong to say stalin was the worst . 
  it would have been far worse for poland if hitler won . 
  you would have had the same fate as the jews . 
  look how little the west cared about the jews in the '30s . 
  no one would have cared what happened to a few `` polacks '' in the 1950s in a hitler-dominated continental europe ( much like tehy did n't care about stalin playing with nations like toys ) . 
  so cheer up . 
  cleaning toilets sucks but at least you 're not dead and you still have a country and the possibility to improve . 
  generalplan ost included the genocide , enslavement and expulsion of nearly all slavs and other `` racially undesirable '' elements from europe , aside from a few czechs and estonians who could be germanized . 
  what would a communist uk have entailed ? 
  stalin was exceptionally evil but hitler in control of all eurasia would have been worse still . 
  compare generalplan ost to stalin 's atrocities . 
  in my experience , since even web 1.0 , the internet has always had a lot of smart , usually snarky romanians posting in english . 
  good , but i would say the dems also have tended to be neoliberal in recent years ( see clinton and obama presidencies -- and even the carter administration ) . 
  there is nothing better than defending the values of the republic , sir . 
  let us dance the carmagnole !, 
  it 's fucking tight , bro . 
  thanks for asking . 
  you 're the best . 
  atat\u00fcrk smiles from la\u00efc-heaven !, 
  omg you 're so famous , hat . 
  love u. xxoo . 
  they have the hots for raising the flag of the caliphate over `` rome . '', 
  rome can very easily be understood as istanbul . 
  the most secular and liberal elements in turkish society will be the first to suffer . 
  it 's really a shame . 
  dear europe : you are mostly a west coast facing continent . 
  that moderates your winters and summers . 
  most of our country is to the east of our major mountain chain . 
  hence , most of our nation 's population lives with climates that are continental -- with more extreme summers ( and winters , might i add ) . 
  we are also further to the south than you . 
  our northern cities like new york and boston are about the same latitudes as naples or madrid . 
  so we get lots of solar radiation . 
  nonetheless , those regions that have similar oceanic and mediterranean climates as yours ( san francisco , seattle ) do n't use very much air conditioning . 
  so it 's not that we 're greedy monsters . 
  it 's just that , as i mentioned , most of our country is humid and disgusting . 
  air conditioning is the only thing that prevents ball sweat and swamp ass . 
  thanks for your concern , but you frankly do n't know how good you have it . 
  love you , xxoo , -- humid parts of the usa east of the 100\u00ba w meridian, 
  what 's the point ? 
  point is , you work harder , produce more wealth , the owners of society get to keep more of that wealth that you created , and you get to shut up . 
  actually , you get to thank the shining and glorious job creators for their munificence . 
  thank you , lords and gods of the free market . 
  we are not worthy of thy bounty . 
  they cross themselves in a completely different manner . 
  how can they possibly integrate ? 
   ah ok that makes a lot more sense . 
  what they call dialect we call languages , so if that map were translated for the uk then scots would be a `` dialect '' of english . 
   based on this , it appears that many of the `` dialects '' in the map above are really separate languages that derive from different language families . 
  yes and no . 
  that map also describes the regional variety of standard italian . 
  another thing to keep in mind is that in everyday speech , people can code switch between standard italian , regionally-accented standard italian and their local language . 
  i was recently at a coffee shop and i swear to christ they were talking in catalan at certain points .
