  but ko\u015bciuszko did not get to witness capitalism . 
  but i 'm glad you 're onboard in the workers ' struggle against wage slavery , comrade . 
  :-) the values of 1776 and 1789 still represented progress . 
  including for poland , as evidenced by their debt to the us constitution in drafting their own . 
  the old polish republic of nobles had its decent aspects that poles should be proud of , especially compared to the autocracy of other nations at the time , but it was deficient in many respects and medieval . 
  the persistence of feudal serfdom there so late into history , above all else , was a disgrace . 
  it 's something men like ko\u015bciuszko understood and fought against . 
  if he were alive today , the stupidly and neurotically chauvinistic person in the article would have lectured ko\u015bciuszko about not insulting great polish national traditions !, 
  good luck with that , sir . 
  i 'm on team ko\u015bciuszko and bernie sanders . 
  are you seriously suggesting medieval polish serfdom was preferable to taxation under a liberal , democratic state ? 
  are you sure you 're not the american here ? 
  lol, 
  what a delusional cunt . 
  the old polish republic was better than some autocratic european states , but they still had serfdom . 
  england had moved beyond serfdom by the 15th-16th century and had had a limited government before that . 
  sweden , norway and finland never even had serfdom . 
  and the american constitution of 1789 was the inspiration for most of the modern european constitutions , including those of poland . 
  well said !, 
  ohhh , okay . 
  everything makes sense now . 
  lol . 
  what 's that ? 
  you just found about about the mr. 
  glasses web/television shorts from 10 years ago ? 
  cool . 
  you 're a decent person . 
  i just saw your funny superscript . 
  haha . ), 
  sure . 
  i think that 's part of it . 
  but then you have to think how and why they think it 's immoral . 
  i think , again , it 's the strength of institutions that promote a liberal/urban/modern mentality -- schools , media , books , labor unions . 
  some of that is the `` constitution . '', 
  but mostly , i think people who would do immoral things , avoid doing them in part because law protects the citizen and you fear being arrested by the police , tried in court and punished in prison . 
   the issue stems from a country 's culture and ethics . 
   i would say it comes from institutions . 
  turkey , thanks to 100 -- 150 years of reform and state building , has strongly developed institutions like a police force , courts , public education , mass media . 
  in a traditional or pre-industrial society , including in europe a century or more ago , honor killing was what you had instead of the police/courts/etc . 
  camille paglia speaks of the old `` vendetta '' days in italy whereupon , in the event of a rape , the victim 's brothers and uncles would avenge the girl 's honor and the family 's honor , and the perpetrator would invariably be found dead , hanging from a post in the town square . 
  is that really `` bad morality '' ? 
  or is it the logical way you run a simple society that lacks strong institutions ? 
  how do you define western ? 
  i consider it the culture rooted ultimately in pagan greece and rome -- off the top of my head : their drama , philosophy , science , comedy , the nude/the cult of the body , sports , public spectacle , classical architecture , republicanism/democracy , imperialism , urban planning . 
  people in christian countries embraced or re-embraced and assimilated these aspects of culture after the renaissance and enlightenment and they did so more fully than islamic countries . 
  muslims do of course share somewhat in the western heritage , having taken over many greco-roman lands , but in a reduced form . 
  and in the west , thanks to the christian inheritance , we have elements in our culture that can be as puritanical and iconoclastic as muslims ( see the reformation and the smashing of statues in churches ) . 
  showerthought : the renaissance and enlightenment westernized christian-majority countries . 
  you misunderstand . 
  wondolowski truly looks 50 % american indian , 50 % polish . 
  but sat-okh looks 100 % polish . 
  i doubt his story . 
  he does n't look 1/2 native and 1/2 polish , like kiowa indian/polish soccer player , [ chris wondolowski ] ( https://theflogen.files.wordpress.com/2015/07/wondo.jpg ) . 
  whaaaaat ? 
  did you guys also get rick steves ? 
  one of our age 's great ironies -- islamists call us `` crusaders . '', 
  and all we have succeeded in doing by our invasion is help cleanse the middle east of assyrians/chaldeans and now melkites and jacobites . 
  not really . 
  they usually call civic platform `` centrist , '' like any sane person . 
  this is an error , probably from a junior editor or something . 
   poland  the right-wing law and justice party was returned to power in late-2015 ** after nine years of leftist rule ** civic platform comrades will be strike back when the iron is hot to seize again the means of production , mark my words !, 
  relevant : [ \u017di\u017eek ] ( https://youtu.be/rzxpycy7jbs ) on german , french and anglo-american toilet-ideology . 
  i do n't know what planet you live on , but among the crazy , naive , posturing pseudo-radicals i know , supporting charlie hebdo magazine and free speech is considered racist and islamophobic . 
  they genuinely have no politics beyond opposing what they see as racism . 
  opposing misogyny comes second ( the misogyny of brown people does n't exist and is a white supremacist fiction to start wars ) . 
  homophobia and transphobia third . 
  i pine for the days when we had actual crazy sectarian socialist and anarchist cults . 
  everything is so apolitical now , ironically . 
  ( which is just fine as far as the capitalist owners of society are concerned , i 'm sure . ), 
  inventions do n't run themselves . 
  your neighbors and countrymen literally keep you from freezing to death . 
  not saying you need absolute loyalty to them . 
  absolute loyalty is terrible , as is refraining from criticism . 
  but some loyalty seems warranted . 
  i understand that mindset . 
  i mean , there are nice lofty ideals out there that deserve our loyalty above `` nation , '' but , at the end of the day , you are fed/kept warm/provided electricity/educated/etc . 
  by your fellow swedes , no ? 
  you sound very un-swedish , sir or madam or non-specified gendered entity . 
  good day . 
  okay , then . 
  knock down all of gamla stan stockholm and replace with parking lots , social housing and shopping malls . 
  i see . 
  how comical that that term is now associated with blairites and the clintons . 
  and that mall/postmodernist las vegas-like something-or-other monstrosity to the bottom right ? 
  does no one see how ironic it is that it 's next to the `` gift '' from stalin ? 
  old boss meet new boss . 
  i 'm sure new boss is much more pleasant than the ruskies , but a mall is not a structure that respects the dignity of a center-city , much less in a national capital . 
  ( i do hear there are plans to humanize the parade grounds with a new art museum , though . ), 
  i do n't get the implication ( blair ? 
  1968 people asking for socialism with a human face ? ) . 
  i just think warsaw needs decent urban design . 
  both commies and capitalists are guilty of similar urban design crimes like needless gigantism , hatred of street life , and segregation of uses . 
  commie crap next to capitalist crap . 
  warsaw deserves better . 
  even ex-muslims i know can only talk about how upset they are about how facebook did the french flag thing but nothing for beirut or peshawar . 
  you should have invested in eastern poland when you had the chance . 
  interesting belt from krak\u00f3w to vienna ( ? 
  you 're really filling out there . 
  it will take skillful leadership and a disciplined public to navigate these waters -- to call out and rally nations against the islamist threat without aiding racists . 
  we are already hearing very terrifying and fascist speech cloning out of our presidential candidates ' mouths .
