  it was a venetian and a milanese . 
  they told me that when they speak , they can fine-tune the frequency and volume regionalisms depending on the context of the conversation . 
  at one point it was a very familiar conversation and so they used the lombardy/venetian language ( s ) . 
  but then they got to talking about something technical or academic and it shifted more to standard/regional standard italian . 
  there is a lot going on . 
  you may have people speaking different languages at home . 
  they call it dialect , but really [ it 's a different language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_italy#classification ) like portuguese is different from spanish . 
  they even belong to different language families !, 
  in the north it 's similar to occitan or catalan . 
  then you have standard , school-taught italian that is spoken with different regional * accents * that may be hard to comprehend . 
  we ( latinos in the us ) are '' `` catholic '' '' like the french or spanish . 
  we support [ gay marriage ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/06/19/latinos-changing-views-of-same-sex-marriage/ ) and are pro-social-democracy . 
  and we 're taking over the country . 
  shhhh . 
  their best luck will be with latino protestants , who are melding into the non-hispanic/anglophone white american evangelical bloc , with the same batshit insane social and economic values . 
  i will quote directly from our brilliant justice kennedy in his decision yesterday :  no union is more profound than marriage , for it embodies the highest ideals of love , fidelity , devotion , sacrifice , and family . 
  in forming a marital union , two people become something greater than once they were . 
  as some of the petitioners in these cases demonstrate , marriage embodies a love that may endure even past death . 
  it would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage . 
  their plea is that they do respect it , respect it so deeply that they seek to find its fulfillment for themselves . 
  ** their hope is not to be condemned to live in loneliness , excluded from one of civilization 's oldest institutions . 
  they ask for equal dignity in the eyes of the law . 
  ** the constitution grants them that right . 
  can you guys please get back to work on the atat\u00fcrk revivification project ? 
  no , you 're right . 
  it is backwards or retrograde in many ways ( education , health , labor , church/state separation , environment , obesity , public transport , race , gender ) . 
  loved it when i went !, 
  love the people , love the history , love the geography of the city , love the food . 
  want to go back . 
   some of your ancestors were literally raped and killed by your ancestors . 
  mine never left castilla . 
  all of that besides the fact we are speaking about centuries ago , whereas the coups organized by the cia are from the last half of the past century , which is a difference . 
  spain benefitted from all the rape and pillage . 
  you owe us an apology . 
  moreover , talking about recent history -- my mom and grandparents are fucking refugees from latin america -- and you 're calling me a neocolonialist who supports the cia ? 
  do you know ridiculous and offensive that is to me ? 
  you obviously know very little about the us , and how there are 50 million of us who are very much the children of spanish and yankee empire and oppression ( and moreover how there are millions more of all backgrounds who do not support imperialism ) , and i would advise you to not be such a twat . 
  be a twat to people who actually support empire and oppression . 
  thanks . 
  you should say `` yay '' to any former colony anywhere on earth being strong enough to attract economic migrants . 
  it 's called solidarity . 
  the hypocrisy of a spaniard `` calling out '' an american for colonialism is mind-blowing . 
  some of my ancestors were literally raped and killed by your countrymen . 
  you have a very provincial understanding of the us and the rest of the americas and i pity you . 
  why do you presume that i support american foreign policy ? 
  are you unaware of the existence of leftists or liberals in the us ? 
  should i presume that because you are european that you support colonialism , racism and imperialism ? 
  as it happens , both of my parents are refugees , one of them from latin america . 
  there are like 50 million + of us in the us who are of latin american descent . 
  that 's the equivalent of your country 's population . 
  yay . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  i , meanwhile , am a rolo by descent -- and a republican and laicist with jacobin and socialist tendencies . 
  [ holy crap , a paisa . 
  a monarchist paisa . 
  what are the odds ? 
  but at the same time they 're essentially powerless . 
  so yeah . 
  does n't seem terribly relevant ... 
  i wonder if there is an inception-like `` nato within a nato '' for the older member countries -- like for when russian little green men appear in frankfurt or paris -- and if this negative reaction is n't all just a kind of colonial or quasi-racist mentality on the part of the old members towards the east ( `` oh , it 's just a few dead polacks/lithuanians . 
  if it keeps putin quiet to let him munch on them for a while , who cares ? 
  you have to wonder what precisely is keeping these countries in the alliance . 
  makes you wonder if they would be reluctant even if it was their own country that russia was occupying . 
  long live laicism in turkey !, 
  how fair are turkish elections in the akp era ? 
  similarly , they would say they were the leaders of socialist world revolution as they gunned down local , democratically run labor unions . 
  the disney parrot from brazil speaks the truth . 
  ( this is just like that [ scene in casablanca ] ( https://youtu.be/hm-e2h1chjm ) . ), 
  there are more still who converted under duress to islam and took turkish names . 
  i met some near \u0130zmir . 
  sad history . 
  reagan and thatcher benefitted in the propaganda war from the struggle of the depression/wartime/post-war generation that created shared prosperity within capitalism . 
  and they did everything they could to tear it down , along with the wall . 
  we 're living with that legacy today . 
  the blue areas are more backward than the orange ones . 
  i 'm wondering if it had something to do with the fact that one area was controlled by the russians during the years of partition and the other area was controlled by the germans/prussians . 
  the transfer of population complicates matters further , i imagine . 
  `` newspaper of record '' is a dumb non-entity . 
  probably a marketing ploy . 
  i think what we 're asking is what daily newspaper does the academic/government/art / business elite turn to . 
  not that they 're right about everything . 
  it 's just good to know . 
  can someone explain the strong regionalism on display on this map ? 
  does it maybe show how the russian occupiers caused more underdevelopment than the german occupiers ? 
  thanks !, 
  which is more left-ish ? 
  do they ever do stuff in english ? 
  i 'd love to hear their perspectives . 
  just a bit . 
  there is something slightly tawdry about them . 
  for instance , wapo got rid of their formerly very serious standalone book review in 2009 ( it 's now folded in to entertainment and lifestyle ) . 
  they also print horoscopes ... 
  i would not be surprised !, 
  but it is still the prestige newspaper for the political , business and cultural centers of power . 
  clearly this all the fault of pedo-gays who are trying to subvert mother russia with western decadence . 
  this , essentially . 
  do n't forget the oil companies . 
  plus , the republican party knows that we ( leftists , liberals ) want high-speed rail , better regional rail and urban mass transit sooooo very badly that , on principle , they will do everything in their power to sabotage it . 
  or , um , he wanted to kill french people . 
  american checking in .
