  that 's chauvinistic and leads non-western people to turn against modernity and progressive politics . 
  besides , western culture itself is not entirely synonymous with progressive values . 
  there are strong currents of anti-liberalism , anti-science , anti-art , anti-sex , anti-pleasure , anti-egalitarianism in western culture . 
  the christian tradition in the west , especially the puritanical and literalist strains that are spreading throughout the world , contain in it elements that are not too dissimilar from reactionary strains in islam . 
  i 'm going to go find that book !, 
  thanks for that, 
  i think that 's too essentialist . 
  you 're right that there are conflicts endemic , especially , to this region that straddles two worlds . 
  but societies are n't naturally one way or another . 
  they can be reformed . 
  western christendom underwent the rebirth/renaissance of pagan learning , then the enlightenment and various revolutions . 
  the ottoman empire underwent the [ tanzimat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tanzimat ) in 1839 and then then the founding of the turkish republic a century later . 
  similar things happened in russia , which also had one foot in the west and the other in the east . 
  that 's questionable . 
  if the turks adopted islam , they can adopt secularism , republicanism , etc. 
  as far as `` westernization '' -- they can lay claim to having roots in both east and west . 
  the latin alphabet was in use in anatolia long before arabic script ( greek was the language of daily life and learning but law was conducted in latin ) . 
  can we get a reverse image with an akp woman pointing down a set of stairs towards theocracy ? 
  haitians , bolivians and east timorese speak romance languages , like romanians and moldovans . 
  are they italians ? 
  moldovans are genetically distant from italians despite speaking a romance tongue . 
  they cluster with eastern europeans and balkanics . 
  again , i already stipulated to your facts for the sake of argument . 
  i was asking for a source for your other claims about ideology . 
  you can admit it -- you were just being cunty with your statement . 
  i 'm not looking for proof of inter-indigenous genocide . 
  i already stipulated to your assertion . 
  i was asking for a source for your claim that they assigned great moral and world-historical relevance to genocide . 
  let 's stipulate to that for the sake of argument . 
  i 'm interested in the ideological aspect . 
  i suspect you were just blustering there . 
  unless you really do have a source . 
  whatever it is , it ai n't italian . 
   the new data also put the nail in the coffin of another , highly controversial , hypothesis about jewish ancestry : that the ashkenazim actually descend from the khazars , a turkic people in western asia 's caucasus region whose rulers are known to have converted to judaism in the 8th century c.e. 
  that idea was promoted in a 2008 book by historian shlomo sand of tel aviv university in israel . 
  ostrer and behar found no such link , however , and richards 's team , which sampled mtdnas from asia and the caucasus specifically to test this idea , also found no evidence for it . 
  i was more interested in the `` glorified '' and `` moral '' and `` world-historical importance '' aspects . 
  that the white man made these claims about his conquest of america/destruction of indigenous nations for the `` glory '' of his race and god is uncontroversial . 
  source ? 
  [ genetic evidence ] ( http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2013/10/did-modern-jews-originate-italy ) shows italian + levantine roots for ashkenazi jews . 
  no evidence of khazarian roots . 
  we know jews migrated to italy during the roman empire . 
  genetic evidence might imply they mixed with italians during the roman period and then moved north to the rhineland in the middle ages , perhaps during the time of charlemagne when we have historical evidence of jews being invited in by kings and princes in nw europe to help run their affairs and set up trade with the mediterranean world . 
  good points !, 
  nationalism and racism and genocide clearly can and do bleed into each other ( the armenian genocide is an example of this ; one that hitler cited , i think . ), 
  but i do n't know how widespread these specifically genocidal dreams were among german chauvinists/imperialists of earlier generations before the nazis . 
  would n't that have been for a more typically imperialistic/chauvinistic set of premises , not so much racial/genocidal ones ? 
  the nazi germans wanted to exterminate or deport everyone from the oder to the urals who was n't aryan . 
  they wanted a continental sized reich , like the us or russia . 
  american race theorists had glorified the settlement of the west by `` anglo-saxons '' and the extermination of the natives as a great moral victory of world-historical importance . 
  hitler wanted to replicate that by exterminating the slavs , lithuanians , jews etc. 
  who lived to his east and replacing them with `` aryans . '', 
  not exactly . 
   * lebensraum * was inspired directly by the genocides of the indigenous ppl of my country , i believe . 
  in the middle ages , poland , lithuania and russia were densely forested , underpopulated and underdeveloped relative to western europe . 
  local princes needed subjects to clear forests , plant crops , create industries , create towns , establish trade networks etc. 
  jews had the necessary skills . 
  [ so they passed laws granting jews certain rights ] ( http://polishjews.org/history1.htm ) to encourage their settlement . 
  at the same time , jews were being expelled from west european countries . 
  ( they had arrived in western europe north of the alps during the time of charlemagne , escaping persecution in italy , where they had lived since roman times . ), 
  a little later on , catherine the great encouraged the migration of ( christian ) germans to the russian empire for similar reasons . 
  it was n't that there were so many who migrated to poland , rather it was as a result of favorable conditions in eastern europe ( believe it or not ! ), 
  that the small population grew tremendously . 
  jews were mostly left to their own devices there to rule themselves , despite periodic persecutions . 
  plus , like i mentioned , there was a lot of empty land fit for expansion of agricultural settlements ( shtetls ) . 
  almost like the american frontier . 
  i believe the persecution greatly picked up during the 19th century , which is when ashkenazi migration to america , britain , france , israel , argentina etc. 
  picked up . 
  for most of the centuries between 1000 -- 2000 ad , spanish/italian/middle eastern jews greatly outnumbered ashkenazim . 
  i think like by 10:1 . 
  i believe it was starting in the 18th century that those proportions flipped , due to ottoman stagnation and european growth . 
  transalpine barbarians . 
  stick to your crossing the street with the light . 
  we beat you again in [ 2006 ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/5013910.stm ) when the same contest was re-staged . 
  quality is more important than quantity , indeed . 
  u-s-a !, 
  u-s-a !, 
  u-s-a !, 
  that 's fine . 
  americans [ do it better ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/thesalt/2016/05/24/479163882/the-judgment-of-paris-the-blind-taste-test-that-decanted-the-wine-world ) anyway . 
  we are happy to export to you our superior product . 
  puta , please . 
  in france they sell wine in [ plastic bottles ] ( http://www.topito.com/top-piquette-jaja-grumeaux-vinasse-vin ) like it 's [ grape drink ] ( https://youtu.be/nutjqlfu6gk ) . 
  you need to read some more history , my man . 
  allied victory in 1945 was in so many ways a vindication of the values of 1789 . 
  nazism was the apogee of reaction against the values of universal brotherhood and equality . 
  the inglorious and shameful result of that reaction ( how many tens of millions of dead people and barbarity ? ), 
  is why those verses of the german national anthem can not be sung , and why the marseillaise can , and with pride . 
  i think so , but then that 's a reflection of my politics . 
  it 's a matter of french republican universalism vs. german romantic nationalism . 
  tale as old as time . 
  the `` impure blood '' was a dig at members of the ancien r\u00e9gime who claimed to be of `` pure blood '' or a superior aristocratic race who were ordained by god to rule over the common man . 
  this is about the common people saying `` fuck you , motherfuckers and your foreign invader friends -- we prefer universal rights , equality , yadda yadda , and will rule ourselves and be no one 's slave . '', 
  which is what a republic , from rome onwards , is supposed to be . 
  the french anthem is about the sovereignty of common people who fight for the universal rights of all mankind against tyrants and foreign invaders . 
  the `` impure blood '' is sarcastic . 
  it refers to those who claimed to be of `` pure blood , '' of a superior aristocratic race , who thus had the right to rule over the common people . 
  do n't tell the leaders of the free world how to run their affairs . 
  do n't give up on your dreams !, 
  we 've killed ourselves with resentment .
