  i 'll just go cry in a corner . 
  thank you , turkey , for uluda\u011f limonata , my favorite lemon soft drink ever which i sadly can not find in the us . 
  what are the top issues in this election for a cracovian rightist and member of the intelligentsia ? 
  i do n't look down my nose on anyone . 
  i 'm very critical of my country . 
  really ? 
  are we back to [ `` a u was murzyn\u00f3w bij\u0105 !, 
  '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/and_you_are_lynching_negroes ) tu quoque nonsense ? 
  did anyone ever say there were no crazies in us politics ? 
  i think they 're very civilized . 
  it 's just that history weighs down on the county in terrible ways that are tantamount to neurosis . 
  and i think the no young people thing hurts too . 
  i 'm not laughing !, 
  i feel bad for the state of polish politics . 
  is it because all the young and educated have left the country ? 
  oh my god , they 're all so horrible . 
  ( freemasonry , rly ? ) . 
  they make the uk candidates look like philosophers . 
  it happened in london just a few years ago . 
  as a supporter of more robust secularism here in the us i felt very much at home in istanbul and izmir . 
  it was amazing to see people militating in the street in favor of secular education against erdogan 's reforms . 
  i wish them all the best in their struggle to hold onto the values of the republic . 
  i hope i did n't come off as rude . 
  i 've been to turkey and i adore it and the turkish people . 
  give him time . 
  why racist polan oppress ottomans at vienna ? 
  this is a travesty . 
  somebody inform angela merkel !, 
  very different things !, 
  i believe sarmatism is from the renaissance , when poles and others in western/catholic europe were revivifying greco-roman humanism . 
  not wanting to be left out of the fun and being unable to find `` poles '' in classical literature , ( i imagine ) they extrapolated from geography that their ancestors ` must ' have been the sarmatians described by herodotus . 
  poles would n't have been the first people to speculate about their origins . 
  the ancient greeks themselves , at the dawn of western literature/history-writing , were speculating about themselves and their fanciful ancient lineages with whatever evidence ( linguistic , mythical , geographic ) they could cobble together . 
  nazi aryan master race stuff is derived from a the writings of gobineau , a 19th century french reactionary romanticist who claimed all world civilizations were the work of `` aryans '' and `` aryan '' colonists -- even the egyptians and inca . 
  ** tl ; dr ** no , sarmatism is a fanciful expression of renaissance humanism ; nazi race theories were a radioactive version of romanticism and the counter-enlightenment reaction, 
  inshallah , in the future we will switch to the iranian mullah 's teat . 
  they are 23 % less crazy than the wahhabis . 
  although neither the wahhabi nor the mullah 's bosoms are quite as bountiful for us , as a percentage , as your big ol' tar tits , canada . 
   i was mocking . 
  i find the idea of an identity based on race without culture insufficient irish-americans are without a culture ? 
  putting aside the , i would hope , unintentional arrogance of such a statement , it 's false . 
  culture exists on a continuum . 
  `` irish-american '' is a part of a global irish diaspora . 
  no one said it was the same as `` irish from ireland . '', 
  the fact of the matter is that all these groups came here and adapted but still retain certain cultural and social markers that set them apart . 
  an irish-american from southie is different , culturally , from an ulster-irish tennesseean or a black person from atlanta or a miami cuban or new york jew or a chicano from el valle or a louisianan creole or german american from north dakota or a hapa from oahu . 
  there is a lot , of course , that unites us culturally ( thanks mostly to our country forming in the era of modern communications and having been dominated by the british ) , but that does n't mean we are * only * american . 
  we have ancillary identities rooted in immigration , class , race , religion and region that are just as real . 
  and we 've come to a point where not only is that acceptable but it is a source of strength . 
  no one group , aside from the natives , can make too big a claim about rootedness in this country . 
  the `` we are all immigrants '' meme is a very potent tool to attack racism and xenophobia and support social cohesion and democracy . 
  you may just be mocking us for maintaining hybrid identities over many generations , but , no , we 're not mostly irish-american . 
  there are more german-americans . 
  americans did it !, 
  therefore it 's okay that i did it . 
  only i did n't do it !, 
  how dare you accuse me , you fascist , you hypocrite . 
  amazing !, 
  like an interwar or pre-wwi polandball . 
  were the french really thought of as `` race mixers '' ? 
  and did the germans really think that their forays into africa were generally benign to the locals ? 
  california is a tragedy in many ways . 
  it used to be a very egalitarian place . 
  university was world-class and free . 
  jobs were plentiful , well paid , unionized , available at all levels of education and in all the most cutting edge fields . 
  home ownership was high at all levels of society . 
  then reagan came around and ran the state into the ground with his , basically , early form of austerity , social conservatism , privatization etc. 
  elements of that earlier social model survive and may yet make a comeback in the future . 
  all true . 
  although , as native english speakers , we do have a leg up . 
  daww . 
  and we love the eu and europeans . 
  wish we could go work there for a while without all the crazy paperwork . 
  downstate nyer checking in . 
  can confirm . 
  our region has a lot going for it , economically and culturally . 
  california too . 
  love secular turks !, 
  hope they raise the largest possible statue of the buddha in the temple . 
  the only majority-catholic country to vote yes was the supposedly leftist nicaragua . 
  the polish national anthem honors napoleon for similar reasons . 
  maybe in 1900 . 
  in 1939 , the us had in place quite restrictive immigration quotas . 
  you could no longer pick up and move there quite so easily -- at least not from eastern or southern europe ; it was still relatively easy to come over from england or ireland . 
  this was a result of the [ 1924 immigration act ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_act_of_1924 ) , which was concerned with the perceived need to preserve the racial dominance of americans descended from nw europeans ( `` wasps '' and a smattering of germanic and irish peeps , preferably protestants ) . 
  it would n't be until the post-war period , and especially after the major [ 1965 reform ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_nationality_act_of_1965 ) , that immigration law was liberalized again . 
  agglutinative language speakers compensating for something . 
  do n't know what . 
  there needs to be a culture or ideological war against fundamentalism . 
  it 's not enough to say `` this is n't islam . '', 
  there have to be arguments and they have to be in favor of secularism . 
  the other side is winning because they make convincing arguments to prospective followers . 
  am i the only one who constantly misreads his name as vaffanculus ? 
  bring them back , try them for treason and terrorism , then send them back to syria or iraq to stand trial for war crimes if those countries ever manage to recover . 
  america is not george friedman , for fuck 's sake . 
  as you 've noted , it 's weird here in the us for men to have hairless pits , aside from bodybuilders . 
  ( why would you want to look like a boy ? ), 
  the only thing you generally shave/wax here is your back hair if you 're going to the beach . 
  other body hair is trimmed slightly or left * au naturel * . 
  that 's what you get for going protestant .
