yes , i was hoping that at least at the end of the video there would be a list !, 
  only thing i 've found is in his website ( http://stanchang.wix.com/photo ) and it only says the countries :  30 countries include :  austria , belgium , bosnia , croatia , czech , danmark , estonia , france , finland , germany , greece , hungary , iceland , ireland , italy , liechtenstein , malta , montenegro , nederland , norway , portugal , russia , sanmarino , slovenia , slovensk , spain , sweden , switzerland , uk , and vatican, 
  most people in europe care less about european elections than national/local ones , so they are used to punish the biggest parties or the ones in government . 
  thing is ... even if parties more favourable to putin win seats , how would that strengthen putin if nobody really know what the european parliament does ? 
  exactly !, 
  any place where you can keep an eye and act should be better . 
  i understand that nobody wants a chemical weapons warehouse in their backyard , but just dumping them in the ocean was crazy . 
  i completely in favour of net neutrality and i 've paid enough roaming charges already as to be really really happy about this !!!, 
  however , it worries me a bit that all this may put a burden too big on telcos and our networks do n't get the level of investment needed to keep up with other areas of the world . 
  only a decade and a bit ago we had the best mobile networks in the world , but governments got greedy and charged huge amounts for 3g licenses . 
  telcos had to write off a lot of those costs later and we have been late to the 4g party because it took them long to recover . 
  we need to enact regulation that force telcos to compete because it is a business that can turn into oligopolies very easily , but we need to be careful that we do n't end up harming them too much . 
  i does n't . 
  what net neutrality protects from is telcos charging more for certain traffic . 
  we wo n't be charged more to watch youtube than to watch any telco owned video platform . 
  i think he refers to the part of the roaming reforms . 
  if roaming is not that expensive then the super expensive hotspot need to lower prices to compete . 
  you ca n't never know for sure how your business is going to go in the future . 
  if with a new project you think you may do some profit you will hire someone and go for it ( think in a company considering about expanding to a new geographical area , no need for a new business or idea ) . 
  however , if there is a risk of losing what you already have in case that new business goes wrong , you wo n't do anything ( the cost of firing that new person would detract from other areas and you 'd be in a worse situation that before trying ) . 
  that is one of the reasons we have many small businesses in europe but very few high growth ones ... all those are in the us or asia . 
  exactly . 
  if you increase the cost of trying something people will take less chances . 
  i 'm used to it , every time i mention liberalising anything in europe subreddit i get downvoted . 
  some people are ok with me having an opinion as long as i agree with them . 
  some people are open to discussion as long as you agree with them  it 's ok , every time i write about liberalising anything in europe subreddit i get some heat . 
  i agree with you about making things easier for startups , but i think that is not enough . 
  there is no higher barrier to starting/growing a business than a rigid labour market . 
  i 've seen a lot of early stage companies going backrupt because they could not afford to make the necessary adjustments on time . 
  you are right when you say that local business ca n't relocate as easily as big ones , but they may not grow or enter new areas because of a rigid labour market . 
  europe has plenty of small businesses , what we do n't have is high growth ones . 
  only 12 european companies founded between 1950 and 2007 got into ft500 index . 
  in that same period the us created 52 ( source : http://www.economist.com/node/21559618 ) . 
  i think it is not a coincidence that we are all discussing on a platform created in the us . 
  in the us salaries are much higher than in europe , so liberalising the labour market does n't mean necessarily to reduce salaries . 
  and even if it meant that , the discussion would not be between high salaries vs low salaries , it would be no salaries vs low salaries . 
  we ca n't say that the system is working when we have unemployment rates as high as we do in europe , at least in some countries . 
  some people wo n't like it , but it is the only way to go . 
  europe is growing much less than other regions and we need to compete . 
  when economies grow and work as they should , being fired is not such a huge problem because you can find another job soon . 
  the problem is when you lose your job in a stagnant economy like most european ones and you are unemployed for years . 
  count me in !, 
  i do n't care if we are gmt or gmt +1 , but i definitely want to stop this dst nonsense, 
  yeap , and some of those key pressers are just killing time in reddit :d, 
  i agree , i 'm not as worried about salaries as for what they do when they work . 
  their job is to spend like crazy and they deliver quite well on that . 
  we should have less politicians and recover space for private initiative . 
  texas legislature meets every two years !!, 
  senators/representatives have other activities because they are getting paid only 35k usd for every two years ( everything included ) . 
  this leads to less professional politicians and more valuable people getting involved in politics . 
  i want that for europe . 
  yes they are overpaid . 
  we have too much people working in politics and most of them do nothing but show up to press a button once in a while . 
  a decently trained monkey could do this without getting paid . 
  this is true in the european parliament and in most national ones . 
  that 's correct . 
  i believe he is also quite active in protecting australian koalas . 
  he 's been talking about invading that country for some time because of this . 
  amazing , thanks for confirming !, 
  i 've read somewhere else ( i think it was in a bbc article ) that erdogan has condemned the leak and said that what kind of people did this about a top secret meeting !, 
  whoever did it is quite ballsy . 
  i guess a smartphone in the pocket would suffice , but it is easy to get caught . 
  and i do n't want to think what they would do to someone leaking top secret meetings if they are considering to attack themselves to be able to start a war . 
  you are all misunderstanding erdogan . 
  he is blocking youtube not because of the audio leak but it because he worried about cat videos . 
  he is an animal rights activist and finds them extremely cruel . 
  yeah , mtv is able to find freaks wherever they decide !, 
  bbc writer says : `` located at the crossroads of the atlantic and the mediterranean , europe and africa , spain 's history and culture are made up of a rich mix of diverse elements . '', 
  bbc writer thinks : sex , sea & sun . 
  let 's go on vacation !, 
  skip the messenger , ama request for god, 
  that 'd be fun !, 
  he lives in ikea and dresses like abba, 
  and people in reddit do not represent a good sample . 
  to begin with , to be discussing here you need some proficiency in english , which is only the official language in a reduced number of european countries . 
  i agree . 
  my identity is really complex because i have several personalities . 
  at least that is what my therapist says . 
  do n't listen to him , he 's been celebrating saint patrick 's day for ten days . 
  btw , how do you do the flag thing next to your name ? 
  ( spaniard here ), 
  this is a terrible problem , corruption is everywhere . 
  add to that overspending and ineptitude everywhere . 
  anarchy would be much cheaper . 
  it is not only what they steal , it is what they cost us when they work and approve laws from their ivory towers . 
  i do n't think putin is too worried about this . 
  for russia crimea has been a way to recover lost pride and his popularity is skyrocketing because of this . 
  maybe in the medium term people will start to care , but by then the us and europe will be relaxing their sanctions because they also need russia . 
  europe does n't have significant amounts of uranium , but most of the value added/costs in the production of nuclear energy stays where the energy is produced , not where the uranium is mined . 
  also , switching suppliers is much easier with uranium than with gas because you need less fixed transport infrastructure . 
  finally , two of the three biggest uranium producers are long stablished democracies , canada and australia ( the other one is kazakhstan ) , which are less likely to engage in retaliation like russia is feared to do now . 
  europe has very little fossil fuel . 
  nuclear needs to be in the mix . 
  anything else is unrealistic and causes energy to be much more expensive than it should be . 
  and that is a big competitive disadvantage . 
  real estate crisis take longer to recover than most people realize . 
  people get mortgages which are very long term in the peak of the bubble and ca n't always walk away for different reasons ( in some countries you are liable with all your present and future assets , in others you can but it may hurt your credit so much that you prefer to stay and pay ) . 
  i thought the same thing about using a hotmail account to steal from microsoft . 
  i do n't believe that guy could be so stupid , i believe there is something else to the story they are not releasing . 
  we all need to educate ourselves and assume there is no privacy .
