their account is 2 hours old . 
  they 've been disproportionately affected by your comment . 
  so much so that i assume the quote they 've posted below me is somewhere in your post history . 
  & nbsp ; it always amuses me how confrontational and staunch in their convictions some people are on the internet , but not at the pub . 
   u/oneofthepurebloods i 'm a big harry potter fan . 
  also what about my post is wrong ? 
  the link you posted said that afro-germans are germans of black african descent ? 
  yea , basically ; europeans . 
  top banter mate . 
  savage . 
  my point is that merkel is a flakey twat on important issues . 
  her support of * turkey * joining the bloody eu made a lot of nations nervous , and was used as an argument in brexit . 
  also her incredible involvement in exacerbating the migrant crisis for europe , then back pedalling when the shit started to hit the fan . 
  she 's dangerous , and flakey . 
  and i ca n't help but sneer when i hear these words of encouragement for ireland when it comes from her lips . 
  though , i hope i 'm proved wrong with this . 
  that was the point : /, 
  i wonder what opinion will be tomorrow . 
  yea , [ she 's in support of a lot of things . 
  ] ( http://dw.com/en/germany-ready-to-support-turkeys-eu-accession-process-says-merkel/a-18789797 ) . 
   really ? 
  you 're asking this now ? 
  we all know what they want to accomplish . 
  spot on . 
  they 've been screaming it from the rooftops in our towns and cities for years now . 
  that along with their actions , paint a clear picture . 
   also , keeping 72 women satisfied , in bed and in life ? 
  muslim women know their place , not high maintenance . 
  and if they step outta line , bang , adultery accusation , and she gets a stoning down the local market for everyone to watch . 
  that 's the spirit mate . 
  such a good road you 're continuing to head down here sweden . 
  do you live in india ? 
  the turkish occupation of cyprus makes baby jesus cry . 
  is this once the counter `` protest '' squad turned up ? 
  from what i 've read so far about the protest , this comment seems just a wee bit skewed mate . 
  did n't find any info on him being a nazi mate . 
  do you have a link from any american sources that confirm ? 
  i 've only had a quick look at british news which more than likely wo n't have as much info as american sources . 
  for instance , i just looked at a sky news article and it said that only one person was killed by the far-right driver , and that there were two other deaths at the event , but they did n't provide any information about who the other two people killed were , if they had affiliation to any groups or how they died . 
  just looked . 
  far-right were protesting the removal of a civil war statue , antifa organised a turn up and they attacked each other . 
  later , a far-right driver killed a person after driving into a crowd of antifa activists . 
  there seems to have been two more deaths at the event but i ca n't find any information about who they were or how they died . 
  what on earth is with all this nazi stuff being pushed on so many subs across reddit atm ? 
  there 's * far * too much green on that muslim map . 
  reckon there 's too much green on the muslim map . 
  perpetrators are brown and muslim . 
  we should get them over here on the stage for pantomime season . 
  that needs to be removed before the cancer spreads . 
  never underestimate a kraut on their dark humour !, 
  it was n't a counter argument mate . 
  it was a bit of levity . 
   why are polish people so hated * says the german * , 
  not by allah 's divine blessing ? 
  your title  inquest finds polish girl , 16 committed suicide because xenophobic bullying in cornwall england the bbc article 's actual title  dagmara przybysz death : inquest hears ` bullying ' claims, 
   a man stabbed two tourists to death and injured four others at the red sea holiday resort town of hurghada on friday . 
  the two dead were female tourists from germany , the german foreign ministry confirmed on saturday . 
  it added the attacker intended to target foreigners . 
  after the giant middle finger from the eu to italy recently in regards to the migrant crisis , i 'm afraid that might be true . 
  see him a lot on tv in the ireland international rugby games . 
  closest thing to a leprechaun i 've ever seen . 
  has n't france also recently ditched their famas assault rifle ? 
  in favour of one from the well known manufacturer heckler and koch . 
  interesting to see the joint military ventures we see from both countries in the future . 
  wait till they put them into the ovens . 
  poor bikes will be smelted and made into vw catalytic converters . . * the liieesss * . 
  nah , i reckon they 've got coverage of europes migrant crisis on a big screen down there 24/7 . 
  muammar gaddafi sitting back , smiling and thinking `` told you so '' . 
  i think sweden hit a little too close to home for a lot of people here !, 
  til the dup are worse than islamists . 
  never change , r/europe . 
  shot sinn f\u00e9in up the arse has n't it !!, 
  hahaha !, 
  nothing . 
  gaddafi was europes border control extraordinaire . 
  death was a strong deterrent !, 
  though op has a point . 
  the eu is currently a ferry service for the third world . 
  * theresa may managed to dismantle the tory majority . 
  did he just slap her tit ? 
  good job diane abbott is awol . 
  god knows what he would have done to her in front of the cameras . 
  you cringey yank . 
  time to pour another pint lads . 
  word through the grapevine is that he was martin mcguinness ' gimp as well during the 80 's . 
  green latex was en vogue at one point . 
  massive exit poll . 
  really has me on the edge of my seat now !, 
  unfortunately it 's not . 
  wonder how many votes they manage to get when the dust settles . 
  not that it 'll matter with one less seat than they achieved last election . 
  but they got their wish . 
  you go my man !, 
  tomorrow morning - '' labour lost because it was raining and voters could n't get to the polling stations !!, 
  associate editor of the spectator - douglas murray , i 've always got time for him when he 's on the daily and sunday politics . 
  good job on being impartial and including both left and right-wing rags , mate . 
  america . 
  u/gallowboob got his tenticals every fucking where . 
  pretty sure you 're just regurgitating a line from `` 51st state '' . 
  do n't trigger the krauts by posting pictures of their family now .
