   it 's looks like some bad ghetto in istanbul surrounding the cathedral . 
  hahaha !, 
  trumps wet dream . 
  what ? 
  france have the superior military in the eu . 
  germany is eurof\u00fchrer . 
  you do n't need the best military in europe to rule it . 
  then i feel sorry for you that you have racial identity so much on your mind . 
  i 'm a big harry potter fan . 
   and no , it 's wo n't be only a french army . 
  no , i mean france will be the only * legitimate * fighting force in the `` eu army '' . 
   ever since left you , yeah . 
  see , you should have stayed , at least then you might be able to string a coherent sentence together . 
   we have a more of a say in the eu than scotland , wales or ni have in the uk . 
  oooo naughty . 
   for example , we were involved in figuring out the eu 's red lines for brexit negotiations . 
  you mean they tolerated a non-country being involved out of diplomacy ? 
  a bit like allowing your 5 year old child to sit at the dinner table whilst you have friends over , just to make them feel important . 
   so i 'd say we 're doing ok . that 's the spirit , mate . 
  what is the turkish navy doing on this sub ? 
  is malta legitimately seen as an actual country ? 
  let alone a key member of the eu . 
   eu army you mean french army . 
   called the euro the new deutschmark . 
  well ... it 's a bit difficult to disagree with that , mate . 
  you know what i find helps when i have a bit of a dramatic moment dearie ? 
  a nice hot cup of tea . 
  what do you recommend that i can get in england mate . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  i completely agree with you that corbyn does n't need a lot of campaigning against him , he does the smearing himself . 
  a few things british voters remember about mr corbyn from the past few years - off the top of my head , as party leader he refused to sing our national anthem at * the battle of britain * service ... 
  he 's against renewing our trident missle program ( many , many labour mps are not happy about his stance on this ) . 
  he has referred to hezbollah and hamas as '' * friends * '' . 
  he has said that we should * negotiate * with isis . 
  he believes we should power share the falklands !, 
  and i am sure everyone knows of his links with and thinly veiled support of the ira . 
  it being jeremy corbyn i am sure i 've left alot out . 
  * londonistan . 
  * britannia calls for aid . 
  * surely * germany should be centre stage in place of the eu laurels and stars ... ? 
  in all seriousness though , really nice coat of arms here . 
  middle east still only joined on by a thread . 
  beautiful contrast there . 
  * krauts begin damage control *, 
   `` refuge '' is supposed to be a temporary state of affairs . 
  not a stepping-stone to permanent migration . 
  that 's the lie european leaders have happily sold to their citizens in relation to our current illegal migrant crisis . 
  the invaders are here to stay . 
  as low as that ? 
  bloody hell ... 
  but the guy above responded , said that he apologised because he meant that white * brits * are a minority in their capital city now . 
  incredibly sad really , and happening at such an aggressive speed . 
   bare in mind this was 2011 , a lot has changed since then . 
  a bit of an understatement there mate !, 
  enoch powell will be looking down on us with a tear in his eye . 
  love that germany and all of its muslims are there to take over europe . 
  it is their base desire . 
  you would love for your country to abandon the dutch language sometime in the future , in favour of english ? 
  just being on holiday to all of them multiple times , the percentage threw me a bit . 
  but i see someone in this thread has pointed out that with greece ( and cyprus ) they are orthodox . 
  so let me get this straight . 
   you 're an island monkey that 's racist , here 's why . 
   you 're the one that made the connection between calling someone an * island monkey * and black people . 
  is that * really * your argument ? 
  very thin veiled . 
  i suppose the laws banning you from celebrating your historical demons do little to stop the poison subtly seeping through the cracks . 
  i think the only place where the term black is `` offensive '' is in the u.s. but racial tensions are obviously very high over there . 
  and i 'm the only one connecting the term monkey with black people ?!, 
  ( many black people find the term `` coloured people '' offensive ) . 
  you can not be serious ?!, 
  in wwi , when germany drafted black people into its military , german soldiers said that black soldiers had tails hidden beneath their trousers . . and to say the comparison is n't made in this day and age by nazis and racists is laughable . 
  as i said , people have been dehumanising minorities for centuries . 
  some more than others . 
  i suppose island monkey is better than * untermensch * though , so some progress is being made over the decades . 
  you did n't answer my first question . 
  and no , not the island part . 
  clearly the monkey part . 
  people have been dehumanising minorities for centuries . 
  attacking looks , intellect , saying that black people are behind on the evolutionary scale . 
  and some do this more than others . 
  i suppose island monkey is still better than being called untermensch though . 
  do n't remind me :(, 
  my days i did n't no slovenia was so beautiful . . 
  what affected you so much in the original comment for you to become my new biggest fan , mate ? 
   your intellectual capability is just as limited as your vocabulary  island monkey . 
  now that is incredibly racist , also assuming my race . 
  but you have ways of dealing undesirables do n't you mein freund ? 
  monkeys like me not part of the plan ... also seen as you 've gone out of your way to pursue me , like most stalkers , i imagine you want something . 
  flaccid or hard ? 
  any backdrops in mind ? 
  but after that , we really must stop meeting like this . 
  you 've rummaged through my post history and are now replying to posts you 've found there ?!, 
  now that is cute . 
  my comment on the mutti tattoo thread really must have affected you fellow neoliberal . 
  cyprus , greece and portugal surprise me . 
  shame . 
  all the pieces falling into place for germany . 
  brutal !, 
  * shots fired * !, 
   as a northern ironer .
