  jihadists . 
  they 're panicking . 
  getting close to election time so they will take what they can get . 
   lads . 
  then you 've got a kind heart my man . 
   shout out to cologne . 
  [ their reply ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=mallrhe_agg ) . 
  spot on . 
   the obvious melodrama . 
  my mistake matey boy . 
  the hysteria that has surrounded brexit i took your sickly sweet comment at face value . 
  maybe you should be a romantic novelist . 
   i find it disturbing . 
  then i suggest you get yourself out and about in the lovely sunshine mate , socialise , travel , broaden your horizons . 
  and maybe things like reddit comments that have n't followed your meaning wo n't disturb you so much . 
  i was n't arguing whether his smile is fake or not . 
  i was having a laugh with the croatian lad above me after seeing both of your comments . 
  your comment was so fucking cringeworthy that i could n't help but laugh and agree with u/croatian _ ent . 
  which is no change to what the yanks have been doing for years , and to many more countries than france . 
  i ca n't help but have a wry smile on my face . 
   and that 's the real reason the uk left the eu , xenophobia . 
  i have no idea mate , i ca n't speak for the uk and give one sole reason for our decision to leave . 
   sure bro , blame it all on the gypsies . 
  blame all what ? 
  romanians are the ones using our memorial 's as doss houses , they are also 8 times more likely to be jailed than britons , in our jails . 
  just a statement , i 'm not dumping the worlds troubles at your feet . 
   that 's right , bro . 
  leaving eu will stop all future terror attacks because they were commited by gyp ... oh wait !, 
  terror attacks ? 
  what on earth are you going on about ? 
  are you now comparing romanians to islamic jihadists ? 
   also leaving the eu will not stop immigrants coming in , i do n't want to stop immigrants coming in , especially from europe . 
  just romanians . 
  bloody hell . 
  turkey really is trying to rake in the tourism . 
  i would give up cricket if we had allowed programmers from actual eu nations in . . and we are not short of dish washers . 
  the gypsies will continue to use our memorials as doss houses , they will continue to commit a disproportionate amount of crime to their population percentage here . 
  i go back to my original comment . 
  such a shame . 
   however , she said a deal was in both sides ' interest and security was not an issue that was going `` to be traded '' . 
   rudd did admit that it was likely that britain would no longer be a member of europol but said it was britain 's intent to strike agreements which would provide the same security benefits both sides currently enjoyed . 
  we ca n't deport the ones already here so unfortunately the worry is n't gone mate . 
  the damage is done :(, 
  hahaha !, 
  mental is n't it mate . 
  it was an insult to all eu members when romania was allowed to join . 
  so many are inconsolable , any attempt at light humour falls on deaf ears because of the perceived impending economic doom . 
  but i think to myself , if even a * greek * can have a bit of a tease and laugh , no brit has the right to mope . 
  germany has been doing a half decent job at it lately . . 
  he 's got a point though , * buddy * . 
  no one wants a septics input here mate . 
  what nationality are you mate ? 
  what are you ? 
  why has this got your bloody goat ?!!, 
   on whom ? 
  to whom was it addressed ? 
  it does n't matter , once those comments are circulated in the media , european citizens start to get worried . 
   you were the one misrepresenting hypocrisy and lies by conflating it with a proposal and a later reaction to a response to that proposal . 
  i do n't get why you are so desperate to try and paint merkel as the evil bad guy that strikes fear . 
  she did not play on p wow . 
  this really is snowballing ... the recommendation for you to have a pint still stands mate . 
  or a shag . 
  * something . 
  * take it easy . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's not in the same league as what borris did , but it had the same effect . 
  once again , in the end , the motivation behind the comments is irrelevant . 
  the comments were made ( which eluded to the same thing ) and the damage is done . 
  go have a pint mate , * you * seem to be the one that 's twisting this into something to suit your narrative . 
  it was just a joke , and again , both politicians have eluded to turkey joining the eu . 
  i do n't know if it 's that you hate borris , or love merkel , but i really am sorry that i upset you by some previous comments . 
  i did n't want it to turn into this . 
  the point ? 
  the original point was a joke about turkey joining the eu , which many people have eluded to ( turkey joining the eu ) , including borris and merkel . 
  you replied with `` merkel has said that turkey is incompatible with the eu '' , essentially saying my reply was bollocks . 
  when i show you an article quoting merkel about ` fast tracking ' turkey to the eu , you respond with an article showing she has since changed her stance . 
  so our original comments about merkel and borris obviously still stand then ? 
  oh no ... now it 's about the * motivation * behind these comments !!!, 
  * oh my days * . 
  haha anyway mate , once again , enjoy your weekend . 
  `` but borris said it for this reason and merkel was doing it because of this '' the motivation behind their comments is n't important when looking at our original comments . 
   tell borris  and merkel they both spread fear throughout the eu and its citizens by what they said . 
   not quite , merkel changed her tune . 
  lol . 
  i can see we 'll be going around the mulberry bush on this so i 'll say i 'm off . 
  hope you have a good weekend . 
   tell boris  and merkel so this pretty much still stands then . 
  so the original article was a lie and she did n't make comments about about fast progress for turkey to join the eu ? 
  or did she change her stance later on ? 
  well i 'm glad she 's changed her position . 
  all i used to think of when i heard ` merkel ' and ` turkey ' is this http://reuters.com/article/iduskcn0sc08b20151019 . 
  and merkel . 
  just a joke mate . 
  they will make a fantastic addition to the eu . 
  that 's fairly harsh on the swiss , going from such a stunning country with such beautiful architecture , to * scotland * ... 
   nobody falling for your hateful shit falling for my hateful shit ? 
  what on earth about that question was hateful ? 
   post history filled with islamaphobia and hateful negativity you mean 5 comments in one thread which were about muslims ? 
  what parts are you talking about when you say hateful negativity and ` islamophobia ' ? 
   better to just piss off .
