  what 's with the southern irish flag then mate ? 
  they speak english all the time in the comments section . 
  and the post i was commenting on was a shitpost , so i thought i 'd throw in a bit of banter , seeing as that was the case . 
  they did not appreciate jokes about their glorious leader . 
  also no , not a nazi , thanks for worrying though . 
  i am a shameless harry potter nerd . 
  have n't seen the most recent film though , did n't agree with rowling selling out and including yanks in the wizarding world . 
  spot on she is . 
  the krauts loved that , can you believe i was banned from their sub in less than five minutes after posting that . 
  though , my comment in this thread must have stirred something in you . 
  very rarely does something i say cause someone else to rummage through my post history , and then post a comment about something there !, 
  interesting . 
  also what nationality are you matey boy ? 
  that blue flag is a bit vague . 
  in general indians have integrated well mate . 
  i would n't be as generous with the other two . 
  holy propaganda batman !, 
  where is this bollocks from ? 
  could n't help but cringe at that title . 
  * lol *, 
  interesting when a lot of the bolshy posters on this sub go with the generic eu flag flair as well . 
  all the talk before brexit , i thought there was n't going to be an eu army ? 
  i 'm surprised they 're not going to occupied nothern cyprus . 
  yes , but german fr\u00e4uleins have dirndls . 
  showing those ankles off really gets the migrant 's blood pumping . 
  and the white german booty . 
  who are your favourite satirical yank cartoonists , my man ? 
  i have n't cringed at a satirical cartoon in a while . 
  do n't waste your time , mate . 
   what remains is that british culture was never in line with continental and never will be . 
  i can agree with that to a certain extent . 
  but again , why are turkish things being posted on the europe sub ? 
  i guarantee that the vast majority of europeans would say that the u.k belongs on this sub . 
  but * turkey * ?!, 
  lol . 
  edit : bloody hell , what are the odds of that , someone searched for this 5 day old post , decided to go through all the comments in it , found my comment at the bottom of the page , and then decided to give you an upvote ?!, 
  hahaha !, 
  great stuff mate . 
  not when they 've got such an appalling track record with their promises on immigration . 
   when it seems people on this sub are a bit hostile towards brits right now , it 's because of comments like yours vicious circle . 
  comments like mine exist because continental europeans on this sub are a bit hostile to us at the moment . 
  ive always been of the opinion that fire should be fought with fire . 
  never does anyone any good however . 
  and late blight . 
  that bloody bastard . 
  i bet the rest of the eu members are praying turkey takes our place . 
  i was interested what argumentative comments i 'd get from different eu citizens after this comment , but your flair is very vague ... 
  yet  greekcoffee are you on of those `` greeks '' occupying northern cyprus ? 
  do n't waste your time arguing politics with a `` citizen '' of a non-country , mate . 
   irelands real friend . 
  well , seeing how close they were to supporting the krauts in wwii , and the last few years seeing their love for * eurof\u00fchrer * . 
  i 'd hazard a guess at germany . . 
  now that is a brilliant sight . 
  why are turkish things being posted on the r/europe sub ? 
  the kiss of death . 
  why on earth are we still hearing from this loathsome cunt ?!, 
  someone , quick , grab a bible , some holy water , and a crucifix . 
  citizens of countries with no monarchy being offended that they exist . 
  ^ you ^ jelly ? 
  * god save the queen !, 
   however 45 per cent of the 1,590 surveyed said they thought it was the wrong decision . 
  the indipendent are really going down hill . 
  a dramatic increase in clickbait , yank politics and alternative facts the last few years . 
  you went onto page * two * of my post history ?!, 
  and do n't take it to heart mate , i was just trying to get a reaction with the `` southern '' bit and the `` eu handouts '' . 
  as someone said , you 're a net contributor to the eu . 
  le pen 's rise is due to french people 's fear of the viruses `` populism and racism '' ? 
  got ya mate . 
  also this is a fairly old post , did n't expect any replies on here now , i expect you had to go through a few pages on r/europe 's homepage to find ops post . 
  it 'd be interesting to know the number of applications for 2016 after seeing ops post . 
  paddy with the alternative facts there . 
  r/europe does though . 
  i think why a far-right candidate has so much support in france at the moment , is because many of their voters see and have seen for some years now - another virus spreading throughout their country 's veins . 
  do the germans have and celebrate a wwii '' * liberation day * '' as well ? 
  check out the rest of their comments . 
  regressive ideology and wwii guilt is strong with this one . 
  i can not believe he was voted the mayor of our bloody capital . 
  southern irish really loving those eu handouts . 
  well , * indigenous french * are white . 
  but yea , french citizens come in all the colours of the rainbow . 
  post this to r/the _ schulz . 
  god bless le pen . 
  cheap holidays for people cheeky enough to go to a khilafah for a bit of sunshine . 
  america is a nation of immigrants , as they pride themselves on telling everyone whenever they can ( more often than not leaving out native americans ) . 
  europeans are europeans . 
  is it wrong to say as such ? 
  indigenous citizens are an interesting subject here in europe at the moment , i suppose it depends on who you ask . 
  we call them british-pakistani 's . 
  yea , as he said , coppers . 
  or they 're lost . 
  pakistanis are a big fan of acid attacks , especially on women . 
  ive heard it 's been taking off for a while now here with gangs . 
  inconspicuous carrying around a drinks bottle of clear liquid rather than a flick knife or pistol . 
  disgustingly brutal . 
  there are far , * far * too few pink spaces on that map . 
  swings and roundabouts . 
  the big villains change with time . 
  i think politicians being associated with islamic militants would be a bit more controversial than if they were associated with modern day nazi 's , bearing in mind the bloodshed that has occurred on our continent in just the last few years . 
  but then people have differing opinions . 
  some may think that in 2017 , national socialist anti-semites are more controversial than islamic militants ( which of course being muslim are anti-semites ) .
