  grooming them is child abuse . 
  starving them is child abuse . 
  exposing them to environmental risk is not child abuse . 
  is it child abuse to send your child to a catholic school knowing that they will be more at risk of sexual and other forms of harm by going there ? 
  is it child abuse to leave the front door open while i 'm unloading the week 's groceries from the car risking them running out of the house and under a car ? 
  is it child abuse to leave them to run around the house when there 's a ladder out while someone redecorates ? 
  is it child abuse to allow them to surf the internet and find grotesque online porn which will damage their ability to hold down a serious relationship in the future , as evidence is now stacking up ? 
  is it child abuse to force them to watch hardcore porn at a young age ? 
  is it child abuse to not do my recycling because i 'm creating a more unstable environment and increasing the likelihood of environmental calamities of which they might be a victim ? 
  the shit this subreddit comes up with sometimes is unreal . 
  child abuse to not get vaccinations ? 
  what next ? 
  being a smoker and a parent fills the home with carcinogens and increases the likelihood of the kid smoking in future themselves . 
  does that make parents who smoke child abusers ? 
  jog on . 
  i wear / r/europe 's downvotes poured on me for not being like them as a shining yellow star of pride . 
   really not vaccinating your children is child abuse of a serious kind trendy leftism at it 's finest . 
  not vaccinating your children is child abuse ? 
  are you joking ? 
  foolish , yes . 
  bad parenting , probably . 
  child abuse ? 
  not a chance . 
  this is what really gets to me about progressives . 
  you embellish your views in the sacred shroud of political correctness and think that gives you the right to pervade society , waving your sceptre of righteous judgement over the heads of the withering classes who dare disagree with you . 
  `` my opinion is progressive , so says i ; that makes any contrary opinion immediately regressive . '', 
  and then it transforms into this horrid idea of breaking down family structures and the moral custody parents have over their children until you convince yourselves into not only believing that society has the right to edict proper parenting methods but also that if anyone go contrary to those methods it 's child abuse . 
  do me a favour . 
  i think not getting your child vaccinated is a pretty stupid decision and i would advise people i know to think again , but i 'm not about to go on the internet and start slamming those people as abusers . 
  and as for  religion killed more people than it ever saved . 
  you should totally put that on a bumper sticker , mate . 
  pure sex . 
  oh you went there, 
  i see . 
  is there a similar chart showing infant mortality rates ? 
  because that would make me care . 
  but kids getting ill for a few days does n't make me shriek . 
  so what 's the explanation for this ? 
  i wish we had cool animals . 
  we have a few red deer in richmond park and that 's about it . 
  that makes me pretty sad . 
  what stunning architecture . 
  the foundations of reddit orgasm . 
  what 's wrong with that thread you linked ? 
  what would you like reddit to do ? 
  have a nuanced critic of geopolitical dynamics which they just learned it politics 101 ? 
  i 'm sure if they tried that there would be people complaining about armchair analyses with little substance . 
  if you want a more balanced view then i really do n't know where you 're going to get it . 
  certainly not in the comment sections of the articles themselves . 
  and certainly not here . 
  reddit is full of american high school kids and undergrads . 
  complaining about the spirit of america 's manifest destiny on reddit is like complaining about gypsies stealing stuff . 
  your best bet is to make a private sub of people you like and trust and just keep it quiet . 
  that 's what the guys at / r/jerktalk did . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  it 's a new precedent . 
  not all news has to be holy shit the sky is exploding . 
  one down , two to go . 
  needs more flambi . 
  how the fuck were we supposed to know ? 
  would you like to think things through before you accuse me and my friends of being irresponsible ? 
  we did everything right . 
  we had a freedom of information act and everything . 
  they were completely clandestine . 
  nice spin . 
  we 've already suffered . 
  why make us suffer again ? 
  they did , with abused public money . 
  by having their public purse hit by something which they did not consent to . 
  and ca n't even affect . 
  the day will come when society will stare blankly in the mirror unable to comprehend what it has become . 
  quite, 
  so the fat cats in the telco firm get even richer while the average briton suffers ? 
  the middle classes would have been horrified but only in the context of gossip . 
  the young progressives would have been picking the wrong fight and focusing their energy on homophobes ( ` it 's just sex and it 's natural , you homophobes ! ' ) . 
  legally people would have done fuck all . 
  he 'd have gotten away with it . 
  no one would have touched him . 
  i wish i could get my hands on the global mason membership list . 
  please try in future . 
  and now the nsa know . 
  then try them for their crimes . 
  half a billion euros ? 
  they 're not trying to shame berlusconi , they 're trying to destroy a potential legacy from forming . 
  they 'll fine him so much he ( or his heirs , if any ) will have to break up his empire to pay the cash . 
  i am not surprised by the uk 's low participation , but i am disappointed . 
  that 's just paperwork . 
  my a levels spell dude and did my undergrad at a middle-table new university and i got sent to an inner-city lyc\u00e9\u00e9 in paris for a year . 
  lived the dream for a whole year , and when it was all done i claimed a sweet $ 650/month chomage ( from april ) until september ( god bless socialism ) . 
  the friend of a friend got aaaa and was studying at st andrew university ( high flying and prestigious ) and got some primary school in besancon . 
  paperwork is all hokum . 
  just do it , man . 
  you will have the best year of your youth . 
  how do you ban a group of criminals ? 
  `` you 're not allowed to call yourselves golden dawn any more . '', 
  `` can we be golden morning ? '', 
  yes . '', 
  then try them for their crimes , not their ideas . 
  european countries generally have got a pretty good impartial system like that . 
  banning fascism .
