  is there anything more ironic ? 
  honestly as a total hunch i would go with more poor and less educated people ( --  more unwanted pregnancies ) . 
  but then i 'm sure , having a degree in the field of development and social sciences , the answer most academics would go or is greater access to services . 
  interesting that the rates in britain are higher in urban areas . 
  lithuania is having a disco . 
  interesting that so many english made it out to the west . 
  i 'm going to assume this was the mormon pioneers ' doing . 
  great . 
  something no one else in europe can pronounce . 
  way to be a team player , norway . 
  second only to asylum , european countries will unite to bestow upon snowden an arbitrary award on rights . 
  he will of course receive no additional rights with this award . 
  so it 's not just religion then . 
  oh what am i saying . 
  religious philosophy is clearly different from all others in the way it brings out violence . 
  will be interesting to see how they resolve disputes arising from this . 
  `` you owe me tree cents as part of me change ! '', 
  `` i do n't have tree cents !, 
  i 've gat foive , but den you 'd owe me two cents ! '', 
  i 'd love to have this done and learn more about my ancestry . 
  my family has traced back to the 1600s on some lines ( my parents like genealogy ) but genetically i 'd be really interested . 
  i could be wrong . 
  it could be that they were in cahoots and playing good cop/bad cop and syria was kept out of the loop for obvious reasons . 
  but the us stands too much to lose and too much to concede with the russians for that to make any sense , knowing what ( i think ) i know about the us . 
  unless the us and russia are actually allies and the us trusts russia with what it 's doing in the eastern hemisphere . 
  but again : too much to lose , too much risk , and it does n't match things like energy dominance geopolitics as you mentioned , or the us ' own fresh rhetoric of exceptionalism . 
  yes but russia could have played along a good long while ago . 
  it was obvious that there was a diplomatic solution ad what it was , but rather than step in and broker a deal as they are now they gave time for obama to up the war rhetoric as much as possible and flounder around . 
  this gave more time for obama to look like a warmongerer when putin could have acted sooner . 
  why else wait ? 
  why not just end this as soon as possible instead ? 
  it was clear that that 's what the uk wanted and what france wanted . 
  they wanted talks , russia could have delivered earlier , but they let it fester . 
  why let it fester ? 
   what i found interesting is the complete shift in tone the world has taken in terms of american aggression and fucking russia being the voice of reason and peace i find this unsettling rather than interesting . 
  a month or so ago we had a public intellectual pan russia on gay rights issues , and everyone was grabbing their pitchforks . 
  now everyone is siding with putin and slamming obama . 
  i wo n't lie , i enjoy seeing obama face a real presidential challenge that he ca n't fob off with a pretty speech , and i 'm enjoying the backlash ( the feeling of ` the harder they fall ' , etc. 
  ) , but i 'm unsettled by russia 's rise to the fore on this particular debate . 
  in my view , russia and the us have been playing chess over syria , and putin is handing obama 's ass to him . 
  there 's no secret that the us want to destabilise the me even more , and with ` the concern of a nuclear iran ' looming they will want to deal with as many of iran 's allies as possible . 
  i 'll accept that 's highly debatable , but that 's how i see it . 
  ( to be open , i oppose a nuclear iran because it would mean a very localised not-so-cold war between israel and iran ( and her allies ) . 
  i do n't want to see that . ), 
  we also know that russia has a key naval base in syria , which they might lose if syria becomes destabilised , and russia no doubt understands that having local allies they can trade with will develop the region as a whole . 
  so both countries have very heavily vested interests in the future of syria . 
  this whole conflict has been pretty crucial to the strategic interests of both countries . 
  france 's attitude was to use punitive strikes to pressure assad to a table ( in geneva , according the general buzz in the media ) where they could get him to sign up to the un chemical weapons malarkey so as to ratify the ` red line ' in international legislation . 
  ( [ this article explains it better than me ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-23895823 ) . ), 
  that was the main argument coming from the uk government as well . 
  why is that important ? 
  because russia 's invitation to syria to give up it 's chemical weapons and syria 's acceptance has basically called that meeting and found the solution the west was looking for . 
  all in one go . 
  no one else has died . 
  no war was necessary . 
  putin has basically debagged the west and run off laughing . 
  the diplomatic power of the west is now weakened , putin looks like a beacon of human rights and diplomacy , and the now the middle east has more reason to distrust western powers . 
  this whole thing is basically a nightmare . 
  it is so effective i am not sure if i believe the whole was n't planned weeks in advance . 
  not the chemical attacks , but russia knew what the west wanted but waited until monday to make the announcement , giving ample time to let the western press rip apart obama 's lack of evidence , effectively putting themselves in a position where they 're ready to rally around the first political figurehead who will say what they want to be said . 
  then up steps putin and steals the show . 
  and now putin - a shady-ass guy with a shady-ass history who likes to play musical chairs between the russian presidency and the premiership - giving sermons in the new york times on progressive , inclusive , big happy human family values ? 
  and everyone is lapping it up ? 
  this is the most significant geopolitical powerplay in recent years and obama looks like a fucking shmuck . 
  the most effective propaganda is the stuff you do n't immediately detect , and so far everyone 's been using the word to describe obama , not putin . 
  i still do n't trust the guy , but i ca n't help but respect what putin has achieved in recent days . 
  til putin is a believer . 
  allegedly . 
  roast beef with yorkshire pudding . 
  and horseradish . 
  lots and lots of horseradish . 
  murderer !, 
  it 's a bit of fun . 
  relax . 
  am happy to do london if no one else wants to . 
  i ask first only because i do n't think anyone wants 100 postcards of st paul 's , buckingham palace and big ben . 
  so how does this reconcile with the americans saying it took three days to launch ? 
  how does the military keep a secret like that from the president for three days ? 
  you honestly think it 's not assad ? 
  how is it changing the topic ? 
  you asked which evidence . 
  and declassified intelligence reports are not assertions . 
  neither are the videos and images all over the internet . 
  it 's called inference based on evidence . 
  well who else did it ? 
  the rebels with a homemade rocket ? 
  against their own people ? 
  it 's called a democracy , putin . 
  you should try it . 
  hope does n't get me a sure line of credit . 
  / r/europe : because success is a white privilege, 
   also telling - they put the risk on * us * finding out about this as moderately low , and a higher risk on damaging `` industry relationships '' . 
  they 're more worried companies are going to freak than we are , most likely because people do n't have a damn clue how important this is . 
  i do n't think that 's very telling at all . 
  what 's more telling is that the public think it 's telling that the political class does n't trust the public . 
  did to honestly believe that they trust us ? 
  we do n't even trust them . 
  why would it not be mutual ? 
  besides , why would they care about the public ? 
  what are we going to do ?
