  it 's patronising and an unnecessary slap in the face to women who voluntarily choose forego a career and raise their kids . 
  but fuck that , right ? 
  they should use childcare and go get a job . 
  housewives should n't exist at all , and men should behave exactly how your studies prescribe . 
  in a way i 'm glad you brought up all those studies , because it highlights a constant misinterpretation which has wound its way into the debate . 
  the promotion of egalitarian parenting is not the same as the destruction of the housewife ideal , as has been directly expressed elsewhere in the thread . 
  that 's my beef with the feminist argument . 
  i support both my wife 's desire to have a career and my sister 's choice to be a stay-at-home mom . 
  feminism does not , yet it claims to be for all women everywhere . 
  it is not . 
  the thing that i 've enjoyed the most about this whole thing is that you accuse me of forcing a lifestyle onto women , when in reality that 's you and your studies . 
  i have at no point said that women do n't belong in the workplace or that men belong out of the home . 
  but thanks for putting the words in my mouth and displaying flagrant hypocrisy in the process . 
  you think i 'm some patriarchal misogynist who oppresses women ? 
  fuck yourself , you impudent child . 
  you just got pwned , and it was a joy to be a part of it . 
  have a good day , dickwad . 
  have i said anywhere that i 'm against women working , or that i think men should stay away from the home ? 
  please sum up my argument as you see it . 
  i 'm interested to see exactly what you 're going to put in my mouth . 
  i 'm wrong for having a good relationship with a man who worked late nights ? 
  the difference between anecdotal evidence and qualitative research is about five other participants and 90 references . 
   you accept that your kids will grow up not knowing their father very well ? 
  my dad did n't come home till late and as a boy i often went to bed without seeing him , and i 'm perfectly normal , i 'm perfectly healthy , i have a great relationship with him , we can talk about politics , about religion , about movies , books , old and new albums , socio-economic issues facing the modern world , i can ask his advice on financial concerns , he can even lend me money and i pay him back , he has a great relationship with my wife . 
  i could go on but i think i 've made my point . 
  this idea that circulates this website , and in progressive circles in general , that absolutely everything from the past was messed up and everything needs to be changed for the sake of change is ridiculous . 
  my kids will know their dad , and i will know my kids . 
  of that i am sure . 
  besides , what kind of statement is that to make in a conversation about working moms ? 
  if i 'm working full time and my wife is working full time , how does that somehow translate into my kids having a better relationship with me ? 
  surely it means they wo n't know either of their parents very well , even if they know them equally poorly ? 
  hahahahaha !, 
  holy fuck . 
  the self-righteous mentality of redditors nevver ceases to amaze me . 
  my point was that many women choose to stay at home given the choice . 
  not that we should be forcing women into the home . 
  but i respect your right to have your little crusade against regressive women . 
  if my colleague had a baby on the desk next to me i 'd be pissed off . 
  but this is europe , bro . 
  probably , but why let your kid be raised by someone without a qualification when you can do it yourself ? 
  i think the main reason women work is because they have to . 
  of all the people i know who are rich ( brother works in a bank in london ; my extended circle of contacts through him is minted ) , none of the mothers work . 
  none of them . 
  they all decide to stay at home and raise their kids . 
  there in the morning when they go to school , there when they get back , dinner , etc. , etc. . 
  given the choice a lot of women choose to be stay-at-home moms . 
  my wife keeps telling me to make as much money as possible so she can raise the kids herself . 
  why would she work hard and study her ass off and the ens de lyon and the sorbonne only to have our kids raised by a polish immigrant with minimal english and not a qualification to her name ? 
  it makes zero sense . 
  but yeah . 
  a lot of women are working these days largely because the cost of a middle class lifestyle has outstripped one salary by quite a way . 
  what if i did ? 
  does that make my idea better than yours ? 
  i think that would be a shame in some ways . 
  i think it should be easier to get exemption , that 's all . 
  the jerk subs suffer from the unwanted attention meta_bot brings . 
  are they worth killing for ? 
  you 're awesome . 
  ( although i 'm not a fan of metabot ), 
  i admire the decision but the reasoning is a bit much . 
  i do n't think the internet and liquid h2o are quite on the same level in the pyramid of needs . 
  she 's a good looking woman for 96 . 
  for your consideration : [ roasted pecan and cranberry loaf ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h554qps.jpg ) , available at marks & spencers . 
  this shit is delicious . 
  by way of information , this is a mitt romney quote , and quite relevant . 
  i got a kick out of that post . 
  `` far away , in the lands to the south , i have found - this ! '', 
  that 's middle-aged woman dieting stuff over here . 
  liberal to the point of , ` you hold a more conservative opinion than i do on a particular issue ? 
  fuck you ! ', 
  uk ( generally ) : kind of arrogant and up itself . 
  liberal to the point of bigotry . 
  imperialistic . 
  disapproving of the slightest step out of line ( sneezing during hayfever season ? 
  ohhh you better believe that 's a look of disapproval ) . 
  good comedy scene . 
  wales : the boondocks . 
  pretty hills . 
  scotland : rebels without a cause . 
  northern ireland : `` over there . '', 
  ireland : nice people . 
  very social . 
  just do n't piss them off . 
  france : wants to be northern european but is really southern . 
  nationalist socialists . 
  love them to pieces . 
   sweden : ... emasculated hahahahaha . 
  i do n't really understand what 's going on , if i 'm honest . 
  all of a sudden the media and reddit exploded with `` shit 's going down in turkey ! '', 
  and every time i try to get to the bottom of what shit all i seem to find is `` shit 's going down in turkey ! '', 
  could we get a nsfl tag ? 
  that 's pretty brutal . 
  it 's quite disconcerting how clearly you can see the roads . 
  i work in ip-oriented telecomms . 
  that is going to happen . 
  it 's not my call . 
  i agree with this . 
  the nitpicking over satnav is ridiculous , if only because satnav is the worst slang word we 've come up with in the last 10 years . 
  it just sounds stupid and -- snob alert -- kind of chavvy . 
  the silver economy comment sounds like he was trying to be ` in ' with the city boys more than anything .
