  i 'm completely aware of that . 
  the situation in britain is pretty dire . 
  it 's ok . 
  i 've got think skin but the sensitivity is appreciated . 
  you do n't reduce the number of immigrants by simply not adding more . 
  you reduce the number of immigrants by subtracting from the number . 
  i 've heard him say for a fact that he thinks they should go home . 
  my wife is from another country . 
  she was n't allowed to have a vote on her right to live with her family and keep her job , sadly . 
  we 're such a tolerant country like that . 
  no it is n't . 
  should i go back and change my comment so people can interpret it correctly ? 
  would that make you feel better ? 
  i do n't care if the cop does n't agree with my politics . 
  that 's not the stupidity . 
  the stupidity is believing that leaving the eu will mean that immigrants leave . 
  yes . 
  and that is not the same thing as `` someone does n't agree with my political stances , therefore they 're uneducated '', 
  textbook straw man . 
  you even used quotation marks to highlight which words you 're putting in my mouth . 
  quality . 
  you mean replace the 50 odd trade agreements we just gave up as fast as we can before it does further damage to our economy ? 
  i was joking . 
  for years this country has blamed benefit cheats and used them as the excuse for austerity . 
  `` they can get a job instead of living off my taxes . '', 
  now people have decided to target immigrants for taking all the jobs . 
  the whole thing is beyond parody . 
  britain has had a collective nervous breakdown . 
  splitting hairs, 
  polish people deprive benefit cheats of the job they never applied for . 
  i 'll be the edgelord in the thread and say i saw it coming a mile off . 
  it was undeniable . 
  this was always going to be about immigration , and it was always going to be emotional , and it was always going to create a scenario whereby racists felt that the country interpreted it ( and the word `` interpret '' has never been so apt for analysing a vote ) as the country agreeing that immigrants are the problem and need to be booted out . 
  i know a cop well enough for him to be in my regular cinema trip group . 
  he voted leave because he wanted to reduce the number of immigrants in the country . 
  the cops are n't exactly bastions of progressive ideals and quality education . 
  they feel that they have been validated a campaign based on xenophobia . 
  and to be honest , they kind of have . 
  i do n't validate them , but the referendum asked a stupid question and the leave campaign went about getting a stupid answer by appealing to basest emotion of all : fear . 
  the fact that they smeared remain as project fear is just the icing on the cake really . 
  this country is completely off the rails . 
  the economy is slipping into a recession ( but we 'll never know until new year when we can officially declare that we 've had two consecutive quarters of negative growth ) , our politics is a total power vacuum , and our society has seen a spike in the number of hate crimes ( one of which gave us our first political assassination in a generation ) , and i 'm not convinced in the slightest that these divides will heal quickly . 
  it took years to get racism into a box , and farage opened it brazenly without giving a shit . 
  my family and i already planning on getting out . 
  i 'm not raising my son here . 
  and british ballot boxes . 
  i want to know the background behind the length of a ` shaftment ' . 
  it looks to be 6 inches , which is hilarious . 
  i 've had my moments . 
  everyone thought the polls were wrong because they were so off at the last election . 
  what people failed to realise was that the last election was a general and so used fptp , meaning that slightly skewed polling can give huge differences in total seat count , and people underestimated that ukip split the labour vote , not the tory vote . 
  my brother 's one of them . 
  predicted a 60 % landslide to remain . 
  thought he could enjoy his quiet protest vote . 
  now he 's in denial , thinking the eu will give us a renegotiation and we 'll avoid article 50 . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  all i can do is laugh about all of it . 
  it 's beyond parody . 
  `` i 'll have three wickets and half an oak of beef please , guv ` nor . '', 
  our own grandchildren will pick fruit . 
  and they will be bloody glad for the privilege , entitled little shits . 
  ~ baby boomers everywhere . 
  the ftse 's doing all right but it 's a terrible indicator . 
  there 's a lot behind it which shows that it 's flawed . 
  it 's a dead cat bounce , mate . 
  i heard someone use the term and it sounds good . 
  dead cat bounce , by jove . 
  \\ #pounded, 
  but degaulle died for that, 
  such oppression . 
   make it 's own trade agreements with the rest of the world do you have any idea what this sentence means ? 
  furthermore , what internationalist world do you think is out there for you to engage in ? 
  almost every country in the world has a seat on a supranational council wherein the leaders of nations meet and discuss matters of diplomacy and policy link-ups to make life easier . 
  we just gave up our seat on the council of europe . 
  it 's all well and good that you have your shopping list , but ultimately the world is starting to link up in regional blocs and we 've just decided that we 're going to be some free radical with no anchor . 
  we look like idiots . 
   his party is likely to die since they do n't really have a big issue to latch on to you all need to start thinking about this differently . 
  in the 19th century the world started to change . 
  technology rendered traditional jobs useless , and the economy restructured . 
  as people migrated from the countryside to the towns in search of economic opportunity , different tensions started to arise , the chief one being labour vs capital . 
  the labour party was born to address this philosophical divide . 
  because politics takes time to react , throughout the 20th century the major political philosophical divide was between labour vs capital . 
  do you prioritise workers ' rights or do you prioritise the creation of wealth ? 
  the balance was found in the middle ground . 
  as time wore on , and as peace started to eventually prosper , new technologies started to change the world again . 
  traditional jobs became obsolete ( largely due to automation ) , and the economy restructured . 
  the world began to shrink . 
  since the 1950s , a global village has emerged ; travel is now conducted by nearly anyone ( not just a privileged elite ) ; people have set their own sights further afield , not just the governments who represent them ; the world is shrinking to a smaller and smaller place . 
  the major philosophical divide is now whether you accept or reject globalisation , or in other words , nationalism vs internationalism . 
  and at a time when britain , with it 's internationalist philosophies , and hard fought history of leading the world in trade liberalisation ( an agonisingly brutal process ) , at the moment in history when it looked like all of britain 's hard work was about to pay off as global politics restructured to address the central ideal of british ideology , when it looked like the issues facing humanity were going to be international problems ( and they are - climate change , global population growth , very challenging global migration patterns ) , and that the world was going to cooperate to try and get through the next 100 years , britain has imploded and resorted to nationalism , all while waving above it 's head a flag which symbolises the shared sovereignty of four nations , standing shoulder to shoulder with the world . 
  britain has just bottled it , and at some point every person in britain will come to regret this referendum result . 
  ukip are n't going anywhere , because they are the nationalist vote . 
  they keep fanning this stupid and parochial philosophy for 21st century luddites . 
  britain 's traditional disdain for nationalism has nothing to do with fears of hitler or the far right - it 's to do with the fact that nationalism is the killer of internationalism , which is arguably the chief british characteristic . 
  if labour fail to read the tea leaves ( or rather , their increasingly isolated leader ) then that 's because their failing to realign their politics sufficiently . 
  they may already be obsolete given that their entire cause of being the democratic voice of the labour movement is now a 20th century antique . 
  but ukip are here to stay , as much as it repulses me to admit it . 
  i am cut with an edge . 
  doth the nhs yet function ? 
  yeah .
