  $ 1/month . 
  people do it for whatsapp . 
  they 'll do it for twitter . 
  people will pay if it 's cheap enough . 
  it 's a power play . 
  nice is basically a theme park dedicated to the fn . 
  it 'll blow up in their faces . 
  so do most western capitals . 
  a lot of towns have roads named after nelson mandela . 
  european freedom at it 's finest, 
  except gaelic is the traditional language of ireland , and english was forced on them by invaders . 
  sweet victory . 
  2016 was nigel farage 's year . 
  what are you on about ? 
  so we 'll see the eu 's alternative to gps start up soon ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the ball is in the eu 's court on that one . 
  they 've said no to pre-negotiations . 
  and you 're using a comic video as evidence in an argument . 
  still is by your definition . 
  is setting fire to a bull actually a tradition ? 
  no it was take control , but i did n't vote leave anyway, 
  what baseless propaganda . 
  `` these legal treaties mean nothing . 
  all that matters is my feelings . '', 
  why wo n't he just cut his hair ? 
  he looks like a right pillock . 
   why are the eu 's main detractors people or nations that are not at all part of the eu ? 
  should we tell him ? 
  solna c looks like it 's straight from the death star . 
  laughable . 
  it 's no big deal being short . 
  just do n't try and compensate in such humorous ways . 
  immigrants taking our jobs . 
  this man 's career belongs in a box . 
  not the return he was expecting . 
  that 's a lot higher than i expected . 
  problems with the law . 
  past presence in the seat of power . 
  seen as part of the system . 
  unpopular among the electorate . 
  expected to win . 
  i , like many french people , am fully confident in ~ ~ hillary clinton ~ ~ nicolas sarkozy 's ability to defeat the odious , populist and staunchly right wing ~ ~ donald trump ~ ~ marine lepen . 
  `` we 'll make it up to you . '', 
  ~ germany, 
  as loathsome as the tory party can be , there is no way they are far-right . 
  red is natures way of warning you . 
  e : can all the smart arses fuck off and harass someone else ? 
  it was a joke . 
  france is going to go bright red in the spring . 
  what are you smoking ? 
  a massive party of his success was the libertarian vote . 
  which is largely an indictment on the feckless nature of career politicians . 
  all he had to do was scare them and they wet their pants at the sight of a fringe politician getting votes . 
  they brought this calamity on themselves . 
  as much as i absolutely loathe nigel farage , i am interested to see how his smooth talking with donald trump has affected his view of both the uk and the eu . 
  trump will have had honey poured into his ear by farage . 
  ` i 've been there fore 20 years , donald , take it from me ... , ' ` they are unruly and ca n't make decisions , ' ` juncker is a drunk , ' ` merkel is about to retire , ' ` hollande is inept , ' and ` the commission in unelected and in no way represents democracy , ' will no doubt have featured highly , and trump 's anti-liberal , pro-democracy administration may not exactly be ready to work with such an organisation . 
  the eu are on the back foot with the us administration because of nigel farage . 
  we 're living in a parallel universe . 
  what do the colours mean ? 
  usually around now but the attack might have changed things a bit . 
  absolutely . 
  expect billboards about trident and corbyn 's ira sympathising . 
  the tories will win a bigger majority . 
  we have n't even got to the attack ad billboards yet . 
  the smear campaigning will be viscous when it kicks in . 
  brexit could be as well . 
  the snp and lib dems could demand a second referendum in exchange for making corbyn king . 
  custard apples are amazing . 
  waitrose is pretty special . 
  low share . 
  this gives more power to the eu . 
  `` guys it 's totally fine . 
  we 'll just get germany to pay . 
  me and angela are like this . '', 
  * crosses fingers *, 
  ignore it until they ca n't and then take them to court . 
  i would pay to see this . 
  he clearly has no idea how many people in this country would n't hesitate to pick one up themselves and fire first without a second thought . 
  this is correct . 
  are you going to defend any of the promises made by the leave campaigns ? 
  there 's no way to undo it . 
  we 'd trivialise our democracy . 
  and a second referendum is a non starter . 
  people are fed up and exhausted by elections . 
  they just want the government to do it 's job . 
  we ca n't , as much as i wish we would . 
  but it 's bad when we do it . 
  it makes sense now because this century will see humans relocate on this planet en masse . 
  climate change will force a lot of people to relocate , and what we 're seeing is that more and more people from the developing world are reaching a certain level of wealth before they look around and decide that building a social democracy out of dust is too much hard work so they 'll just use what wealth they have to move to one that 's already set up . 
  a lot of migrants from north africa were reported to start using their cell phones and credit cards as soon as they arrived in italy to call their families . 
  they 're not all carrying blankets in supermarket bags trying to reach lesbos . 
  the immigration crisis is just the start . 
  this century will be chaotic for this species . 
  the only way we 'll cope is to develop the poor world and resist the possibility of 7 billion people trying to cram into the rich world . 
  the trends are already on display and the situation needs to be addressed . 
  everything you heard in the campaigns was a lie , except for the experts saying things would get ugly . 
  just remember that . 
  no we did n't . 
  and germany will .
