  i 'll pick my battles and live a bit longer . 
  that 's akin to protectionism when you start looking at things from a global scale . 
  trading all within ourselves is ultimately futile . 
  the future is in international trade and the main pull the eu has in international trade is that it is a trading bloc . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's argument ad absurdum . 
  being a pragmatist about people spying on me somehow raises questions about my views of eugenics ? 
  come off it . 
  that 's pretty nuts . 
  holy crap . 
  that 's a lot . 
  divided down by the number of people , how much information have they collected on each person observed ? 
  what 's the data collection per capita rate ? 
  any ideas ? 
   churchill would be proud of you . 
  it 's unethical , it 's invasive , it 's illegal and it 's wrong . 
  it 's pragmatism , mate . 
  and it 's never pretty . 
   why the fuck should they not object ? 
  like the people of europe are objecting ? 
  so many protests . 
  the streets are packed . 
  so much seething rage . 
  it 's all -- highly ironically -- slacktivism in the very arena the invasion of which they are protesting . 
  lol . 
  get mad , mate . 
  you 're changing everything . 
  and they can watch you doing it as well !, 
  hahahahahahahaha !, 
   how far does that line go ? 
  human rights ? 
  nice . 
   where 's the line for you , personally , that the us should be allowed get away with because they 've a dollar in our mouths while their cock 's up our arse ? 
  crass accusations of buggery aside , because they got there first mate . 
  and again , what makes you think other people are n't doing it anyway ? 
  you can protest your own government spying on you , but lets say its revealed that china and russia are reading your emails too . 
  you send your politicians over there to ask them to stop and all you 'll get is , ` no ' . 
  what are you going to say ? 
  stop it !, 
  i 'll be your friend ! ', 
  fight fire with fire , i say . 
   what i really find outraging is the lack of a political momentum . 
  there are no protest marches , there is no opposition visibly . 
  it 's really strange . 
  because no one is surprised . 
  you said it in your first paragraph . 
  we have fantasised over all of this for so long that now that it 's dropped that it 's all actually real nobody is phased . 
  france does it too and they were also doing it when they were considered the ` heart of the eu ' and i 've heard the eu referred to repeatedly as france 's brainchild . 
  is france guiltless in all of this ? 
  are they as equally condemned in / r/europe ? 
  strangely not . 
  it 's the same old anti-usa and the-uk-isn ` t-european circlejerks . 
  france gets * carte blanche * . 
  i do n't support the monitoring ( neither am i going to lose years of my life from raised blood pressure to be frank ) , but giving the americans the bird over this is just idiotic . 
  what will it achieve ? 
  we 'll feel good about ourselves and then what ? 
  will the spying stop ? 
  oh we 'll have * asserted * ourselves on the international stage . 
  ok . and what ? 
  we 're a trade bloc with no avenues to trading partners ? 
  the brics see us as competition . 
  if they can trade amongst themselves to get ahead of the eu then they 'll do exactly that . 
  and now europe wants to sever ties with the us , with whom we have substantial historical and cultural capital ? 
  do you want to know what will happen ? 
  or should happen if eu politicians would stop popping ideology viagra for five minutes ? 
  they could jump in bed with the whole scandal using the link offered with the uk 's involvement , and i think they will . 
  put pressure on france and the uk so that all eu governments can use their systems and see what happens then . 
  let 's see the european project weather the storm of soured diplomatic relations at the very ` heart ' . 
  besides , you think the russians and the chinese are n't doing the exact same thing ? 
  this is just a part of the information age , mate . 
  i would not at all be surprised to learn that all governments are trying to develop something as sophisticated and intelligent as prism . 
  you want to fight it for the sake of it ? 
  go ahead , but all you 'll do is knock yourself out . 
  what 's the point of being a trading bloc that does n't trade ? 
  if europe gets all sanctimonious about this and decides to get frosty with america then i will be severely disappointed . 
  it would do nothing but cut off europe 's nose to spite its face . 
  we do n't talk about the vatican here . 
  precisely . 
  well said . 
  i have read that , and those are the main ideas i was drawing on . 
  i do n't care much for snowden at all . 
  thing is i do n't even care for his leaks . 
  what 's he done but let us all know something we all already knew but simply did n't want to accept ? 
  and what are we supposed to do with all our frustration ? 
  ` discipline ' american and cut off our noses to spite our face by severing diplomatic relations ? 
  wag our fingers at them and shake our heads ? 
  nothing will change regardless of anything you do . 
  and now we 're discovering that some countries involved in all the singing and dancing and ` shame on america ! ', 
  are just flakes in it for the votes ( looking at you , france ) . 
  what 's that you say ? 
  i 'll encrypt my email and start using bitcoin ? 
  whatever . 
  encrypted transmissions are more likely to get flagged and the nsa will spend time trying to crack the encryptions , and all of a sudden it 's gone from flash scans of your emails for trigger words to your email address being on their radar more prominently than it was before . 
  who has gained anything from this ? 
  no one but snowden and his place in history . 
  and ironically the us 's enemies . 
  this whole situation is a joke , and people are lapping it up and are deluded enough to think that they can change the situation they are in , all the while sucking off snowden for his own name 's glory . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  sorry , i had to get that off my chest . 
  the * only * thing -- and i mean * only * thing -- that will come out of this that will be at all positive is legislation ensuring that civil courts ca n't use any information garnered from these systems . 
  i do n't care if the government knows what 's in my emails .
