  that one really gets to me . 
  ( and also , many europeans with english as a second language may not know the rule . 
  * data * is the plural of * datum * . ), 
  are the us going to share data with the eu ? 
   end of the crisis . 
  i often lie awake at night wondering when that will be and what it will look like . 
  what worries me more is that experts and politicians probably do the same thing . 
  as annoying as farage can be , i have to disagree with you . 
  i think he 's right almost all of the time . 
  the difference between him and other meps is that he bases his arguments on facts , not some ideology of the use/fear of another war . 
  the euro is broken . 
  it was never a good idea to begin with . 
  we 're watching it unravel and all people can do is blame cameron for something , which is quite bizarre . 
  honestly , it 's difficult not to agree with him when you put ideology aside . 
  i want to see europe work but the economic facts point to a different reality . 
   we warned that you would need a kind of central euro-government to control national budgets and taxation ... germany seems to be taking to that quite nicely , it seems , what with looking over the irish budget and installing italian technocrat puppets . 
  boris is a very , very formidable politician . 
  the kind that commands respect when he 's discussing politics , whether you agree with him or not . 
  i would have no problems swapping him for cameron . 
  off the pitch , of course , he 's a buffoon . 
  * ( do n't take the bait . 
  do n't take the bait . 
  leaving that block was a mistake . 
  probably the biggest mistake of his political career . 
  to be frank , he was tired of playing second fiddle . 
  he should have stuck with it and tried to curry favour so that he could start exerting some influence . 
  and the tory party should try and be more selective in terms of which members of the party run for the ep . 
  the only ones that run are eurosceptics , so whether the british people like it or not , a vote for tory meps is a vote for morons . 
  not even that . 
  the lib dems are finished and labour 's two front men are a whimp ( ed m ) and a constant reminder of everything that was wrong with new labour ( ed b ) . 
  the tories would win in a landslide , imo . 
  they 're the only party with an idea of what to do . 
  i disagree . 
  i think the the public are so fed up of labour having not changed ( ed balls , for example , is a constant 6 o'clock reminder of everything that was wrong with new labour ) and the wet blouse at the head of the party that labour do n't stand a chance . 
  and the lib dems have disgraced themselves largley , but not completely , thanks to clegg . 
  the only person who could save them as a political party now is ashdown . 
  they 're a total mess . 
  huhne is a joke and cable has turned into a crochety old miser who cries all the time , when he 's not selling secrets to newspapers . 
  if the coalition falls apart and there 's a snap election next year the tories will sweep to victory . 
  sarkozy wo n't win the next election ( at least in my view ) . 
  he 's not that popular . 
  he could easily be ousted by devillepin , and the left seems to be sorting itself out . 
  sarko le clown may well not be president in june . 
  r/europe : letting the pseudonyms take the flack for your nationalism . 
  spiegel has turned into fox news . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  they can cope without london ? 
  maybe . 
  if they axe the tobin tax . 
  otherwise they 're screwed . 
  sweden wo n't do it . 
  they watched an ftt all but destroy their financial services industry . 
  given the tobin tax , i think they 're angry that they 've just signed their own death warrant . 
  they 're screwed . 
  maybe they should have spent years buttering up the british rather than ridiculing us and deriding us in cartoons . 
  that 's the only thing to which i can attribute the european 's rage . 
  that , or they really are just throwing their toys out of the pram because they could n't get their hands on the city . 
  they called his bluff . 
  he called it back . 
  i think there 's a wider context that needs to be considered here . 
  namely , germany and france made some bad decisions about the eurozone and now to try and cover up their mistakes they 're painting their decisions as ` the right thing to do ' instead of ` what we should have done a long time ago ' . 
  in the process , a bunch of mps voted in by hamburg and frankfurt constituents just made decisions that will affect the lives of irish families because the constituents are tired of their taxes bailing out the irish , greeks , italians , portuguese , etc. 
  and maybe even france . 
  would n't that be a turn up for the books . 
  the issue here should n't be what cameron just did , the issue here should be what france and germany are doing to undemocratically change the face of europe . 
  cameron stood up for british interests because he 's in a position to and he 's called a coward by some franco-german ? 
  what a farce . 
  http://www.rte.ie/news/2011/1117/budget-business.html http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2011/nov/18/ireland-budget-leak http://euobserver.com/1016/114320 i suppose you , for one , welcome your new german overlords ? 
  how is it britain 's fault if france and germany decided to share a currency ( but not fiscal policy ) with economies as weak as greece , portugal et al. ? 
  why , therefore , should britain incur emigration of powers on it 's economy ? 
  it 's not our currency and it 's not our problem . 
  we 've got our own problems to worry about . 
  frankly , this summit should have happened when the euro was set up . 
  if that had happened , there would have been a greater understanding - and even a basic acknowledgement - of the fact that economies in europe were always going to be different sizes and that they should n't be placed under the same responsibilities . 
  this summit has nothing to do with the * creation * of a two-speed europe , it 's * formalising * a two-speed europe which has always existed . 
  and even if this meeting had taken place years ago , britain would n't have agreed to it anyway , so why 's everyone acting all surprised ? 
  and regarding everyone 's anger , i still ca n't get my head around it . 
  europe 's still going ahead with what it wanted to do . 
  how does that make cameron a coward ? 
  because he did n't lube up for the franco-german power dynamic like all the other european countries ? 
  politically the uk has nothing to gain from europe anyway . 
  no amount of ` yes , mrs merkel , no mrs merkel , three bags full , mrs merkel , ' is going to change who gets to go to the european council of two 's little meetings . 
  cameron could either say , ` rape me harder , please , ' or ` eff off , ' and everyone 's calling him a coward for choosing the second ? 
  he 's not a coward , people are just spewing bile because they did n't get the city like they wanted . 
  my only real concern in this is how vindictive ol' petit penis in the elys\u00e9e is going to become . 
  what 's america got to do with this ? 
  just because you respect and tolerate the presence of an opinion in the public square does n't mean that it has to be listened to . 
  you can share culture and perspective without subscribing to it . 
  take flat earthers , for example . 
  they have their clubs , that 've had coverage on the bbc website , they have their conspiracy theories , but that does n't mean they need to be mocked and ridiculed . 
  there 's nothing wrong with a simple , `` well i disagree . 
  here 's why . 
  all the best , take good care , '' and be done with it . 
  to treat them in the way that religion is treated would be to say , `` you are a moron and should be sectioned . 
  look at these dates of when the globe was circumnavigated . 
  look at this mathematics and physics relating to gravity and the solar system . 
  look at this evidence from outer space . 
  look at this , look at that . 
  you 're a dumbass . 
  hey look at this picture i drew of your flat earth .
