  today i do n't feel like doing anything ... 
  ~ graham norton, 
  the greek dancers could n't afford clothes . 
  too far , germany . 
  those suits . 
  omg . 
  look at all that booze, 
  that australian kid has got good pipes . 
  damn . 
  how many years do you think will pass before australia realise that they have to be camp for it to be eurovision ? 
  dolphins burst into spontaneous applause everywhere . 
  disney does eurovision . 
  if the eu continues forever it will eventually have to faces the conundrum of `` states ' rights '' in the us . 
  in europe we talk about sovereignty . 
  it 's the same issue . 
  europe will have to cope with increasingly high profile issues about whether you agree with your national government or whether you agree with brussels . 
  a big one is already on the cards , and that 's the question of france and germany imposing tax regeims in ireland , possibly to the detriment of the irish economy if giant multinational companies relocate to france and germany is ireland 's major draw is shot down by france and germany . 
  demographics only point to a strengthened political will to make it work . 
  the refusal to walk away will grow to face the challenges the eu faces . 
  but eurosceptic ca n't seem to get their heads around that . 
  my decision was to remain but here we are . 
  the uk and the eu will work things out , but emotions will be high . 
  this is n't the private sector . 
  this is affairs of state . 
  people 's lives are in the balance . 
  there will be cooperation because fortunately none of the statesmen that matter to this process are irish . 
  at you . 
  this is grade a cj material . 
  so you throw a stone of winston churchill 's / r/circlejerk nickname , i throw back a better one because it 's completely true , and then you complain about vitriol ? 
  and i present to you the winston churchill building in brussels . 
  why should people take offence at the democratic decision of another country ? 
  irrelevant to this discussion . 
  you 're arguing a completely different point . 
  but again , to make my main point clear , brexit does n't have to be bitter like your attitude . 
  not that your attitude matters , because the politics of france and germany and brussels will matter more than the politics of ireland when settling ireland 's border issue for it . 
  ireland wo n't be in control of any of this . 
  countries are n't people . 
  this is n't a divorce . 
  it 's a renegotiation of cooperative ties . 
  keep the emotion out of it and we 'll all be ok when this is over . 
  most of that is irrelevant . 
  what matters is that the eu will force ireland to adopt a tax regime decided by the eu , not the people of ireland . 
  true , but it 's not a divorce . 
  that 's a pretty awkward come on as far as come ons go . 
  but it 's good that you wilfully ignore the fact that france and germany are coming for you , and that the eu 26 are urging them on . 
  / u/collectiveindividual still in favour of european solidarity ? 
  / u/collectiveindividual still in favour of european solidarity ? 
  not really . 
  no i have n't , but i know enough about them to know that no one wants to go back to that . 
  the uk government ca n't afford to make brexit a disaster , and the eu ca n't afford to spread anti-eu sentiment across europe by screwing ireland in the interest of screwing the uk . 
  the ireland issue will be worked out . 
  brexit put it at risk . 
  you seem hell bent on running around screaming that the sky is falling and that it 's all over . 
  why ? 
  you do n't see it , do you ? 
  you do n't have the freedom to negotiate your own peace process with the uk . 
  the eu will do it for you . 
  we can play this game , or you can stare at the plain and simple fact that your peace process is , by your own admission , up for negotiation between the british - who you clearly dislike - and the eu . 
  ireland is not the eu , and the eu is n't ireland . 
  ireland wo n't have direct executive control over it 's half of the negotiations of the peace process . 
  and you have to deal with that . 
  that would severely damage smaller economies , particularly ireland . 
  big companies would move to paris or frankfurt to facilitate face to face business meetings and reduce travel expenses . 
  because this will be handled by the european commission . 
  what makes you think that they wo n't find an agreement ? 
  i say they because ireland wo n't be included in the talks . 
  just consulted . 
  brexit will undoubtedly be a disaster ( but it does n't have to be ) , but the uk will never vote to rejoin at least for a generation . 
  the current generation of british people will never willingly adopt the euro or agree to schengen . 
  there is only one way to make the british rejoin , and that 's to extend a binding offer ( on the eu ) to the uk to allow them to re-adopt all their previous terms and conditions if they rejoin within a certain time frame ( e.g. 
  10 years ) . 
  and that will never happen . 
  even if that were to happen , though , the referendum could never be undone . 
  we 'll never be seen as ` true europeans ' ever again . 
  this is n't something that can be whittled down to water under the bridge . 
  you can answer my other questions while you 're at it . 
  i wanted to remain , mate , but i lost . 
   you want all the benefits without freedom of movement that 's just an admission that freedom of movement is n't a benefit . 
  why would brexit undermine the peace process ? 
  why do you think the uk and eu wo n't reach an agreement to preserve it ? 
  should the eu negotiate on behlaf of ireland when this is a historic uk/ireland concern ? 
  how does a `` tough stance '' from the eu to punish the uk not undermine the peace process ? 
  if you 're looking to point your anger at someone you 're looking in the wrong place , mate . 
  firstly i voted remain but i 'm a democrat ( which in the eyes of some is ironic ) , but more importantly i think the uk government has been pretty reasonable so far ( except for boris ) . 
  the chest beating in the national press has been abhorrent and sickening to watch , but it 's also been very clear about what it wants to achieve . 
  the uk wanted to discuss the rights of citizens first and the eu said , ` fuck off , money first or no deal , ' and leaked it all to the press !, 
  who 's the more unreasonable here exactly ? 
  so you admit to using international diplomacy as a stick with which to beat a western ally , with itself comes with the tactic implication that you do n't respect it 's sovereignty ? 
  that 's not what 's implied by `` tough stance '' . 
  why should n't people be fine with brexit ? 
  in what way does brexit offend anybody ? 
  how does it breed animosity ? 
  you want to become a giant super state , we do n't want to be a part of it . 
  why does that mean animosity ? 
  no , brexit means that the uk no longer wants to be part of the european union . 
  it does n't mean ` burned bridges ' at all . 
  that 's your inference . 
  integration = / = cooperation, 
  but we start from a completely different position to non-eu countries . 
  this is n't about building bridges in the first instance , this is about maintaining good cooperation .
