  enjoy dying at the hand of a lunatic because it was so important to you to offend people . 
  hahahaha . 
  `` look at all these illegal immigrants !, 
  let 's piss them off !, 
  seems that way . 
  ca n't send the army . 
  do n't want to look like israel or whatever . 
  image is everything . 
  goodbye , freedom of movement . 
  it was great not having to pay for border security infrastructure for a while . 
  it 's literally the end of the world when i have my passport beeped every time i take the eurostar . 
   operation wetback oh the 50s . 
  i 'd give this reddit gold but i need to work an afternoon in germany first . 
  and yet the politicians will survive because they 've all managed to keep their names out of the headlines . 
  `` 1 in 5 '' is obviously absurd to just pick out of the air , but it is a fact that has been reported several times that they 're all claiming to be syrian , even after failing to understand syrian arabic when questioned by translating officials . 
  about 80 minutes . 
  mile walk . 
  35 minute train . 
  tube . 
  walk . 
  it could be worse . 
  kiss my bonus point , france, 
  schengen means borders do n't exist . 
  it 's comedy until they reach western europe , at which point britain and france will actually get shit done . 
  so does the eu . 
  germany are acting in a totalitarian way . 
  threatening to take away eu funding based on a single policy decision made by a single country is near enough blackmail . 
  this will be good . 
  what 's there to work on ? 
  `` we do n't want them . '', 
  `` me too thanks '', 
  why ? 
  with a foreign legion . 
  yeah but free trade , mate . 
  free . 
  trade . 
  blount-out-drunk conservative white people surrounded by refugees they do n't want around ? 
  i guarantee some refugees are gon na attacked . 
  if islam had a global leadership to which all muslims paid attention you 'd have an argument , but as things stand you do n't . 
  it took me a while to get the german one . 
  had to go back to it . 
  very good . 
  the treatment of greece and the handling of the migrant crisis will be seen by historians as the undoing of the eu . 
  you say it like it upsets us . 
   we have the backing of most eu countries let 's watch and see what happens . 
  since you entered a monetary union with larger economies . 
  people thought they were doing the right thing because it made them feel good about themselves . 
  the naivety has been astounding to witness . 
  `` holy shit !, 
  you people actually work !? 
  * that 's * how you build a social democracy !? 
  i need ... 
  i need to think about this . '', 
   threatened with hunger strike  while the newcomers were sitting in the bus this morning , other asylum seekers who arrived in frederiksberg few days ago threatened to begin a hunger strike to protest conditions at the facility . 
  they gathered with placards outside the shop in frederiksberg . 
   that campaign has now ended . 
  the comic timing of that last line is a thing of beauty . 
  i do n't understand . 
  they looked so poor and defenceless . 
  there was no inclination that they were entitled and would try to take a mile after we gave them an inch . 
  how could this have happened ? 
  if only reddit was hosted in germany . 
  they 're all dawkins memes . 
  literal transliteration is only half the story with translation . 
  context of the phrase is important too . 
  in what contexts would the phrase be used in arabic ? 
  what 's that a reference to ? 
  `` we do n't want law and order !, 
  we want humane community vigilance ! '', 
  it 's easy to disband your military when you 're surrounded by countries which have to be invaded first before the enemy can get to you . 
  that would make a great pot noodle advert . 
  i love how op attempted to soften the blow with the words `` asylum seekers '' . 
  i wonder how long it will be before the mods delete this thread and we get another shrill `` what happened to / r/europe '' thread . 
  `` pope . 
  it 's time to get up and put on your hat . '', 
  maybe if we guarantee to give them a guarantee once they agree , they 'll agree . 
  clearly they have a strange understanding of the word guarantee . 
  plot twist 5 : i do n't speak danish . 
  i ca n't understand what you 're saying . 
  all it will take is someone to point out that through the eu passport system , each country has the ability to grant to anyone the right to reside and work in any european country they like . 
  until now people have n't minded because the ability to do that was treated with respect . 
  but this crisis is all the evidence one needs to whip up a frenzy . 
  the question is , which media outlets will pick it up and run with it ? 
  as soon as it 's out there schengen is dead . 
  you have got to be drinking some pretty strong koolaid to believe any of that . 
  if you think the common man with his job and alarm clock is going to read this news story and think , ` all hail mighty europe , ' you need to broaden your social circles . 
  that 'll do it . 
  and whe germany changes its own laws to give them all eu passports , we shall see exactly where these people want to go and live . 
  no no . 
  this is a pretty big mistake . 
  because they do n't have a solution , and they do n't want to bring it to the attention of the general public , the majority of whom have n't thought about it yet . 
  thank god for the dalai lama !, 
  your argument is quite frankly a load of bunk . 
  the whole self-determination thing is pretty much why is has arisen and why syria is in a civil war . 
  also , if you look up the sykes-picot stuff , the borders drawn up 100 years ago do n't even apply any more . 
  i could have one within 24 hours . 
  you catch the tube to brixton and ask the drug dealers in the alleyway near iceland . 
  start there and you 'll have something within a few hours , a day at most . 
  fired a few in my time . 
  air rifles with the cubs when i was a lad .
