  it wo n't happen . 
  opex and capex are nowhere near the necessary levels . 
  i can see france and germany pullig this of because , ya know , they 're france and germany , but the rest will fail . 
  the uk might make it thanks to clauses like isps only have to deliver 20 % of the advertised speed or whatever level they set it at in 2019 . 
  except for that time he slammed the british economy . 
  obviously . 
  that 's a bit naive . 
  the usa is n't a federation of nation states . 
  you forgot the part about the troika putting the cypriot leaders in a full nelson . 
  you miss one day of news and your out of the loop for about a week . 
  can any one give me a short tldr on cyprus ? 
  pretty please ? 
  progressivism . 
  lets give all the money to single mothers . 
  wait . 
  tf1 is trash news ? 
  the business world pretty much unanimously disagrees . 
  maybe they 're fed up of the same news cycles and they just feel like shuffling the deck for the sake of it . 
  i 'd get pretty tired of holding the course . 
  this is why i chose not to make a run at politics . 
  this is going to be very bad for the chancellor and we 'll never hear the end of this soundbite from labour . 
  mixed emotions . 
  this is the most likely course of action . 
  i 'm not touching that scheme with a ten foot barge pole . 
  i 'd rather tactlessly beg my parents for early inheritance than borrow money from the government . 
  so what 's the author 's angle ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  is he saying that the removal of austerity is a bad thing ? 
  france only pale blue . 
  i see the austerity measures have cut to the bone . 
  you over estimate 16 year olds, 
  i ca n't help but feel like lowering the voting age in referendums is an opportunity to pack the curriculum full of nationalistic sentiment over the next year to sway them to the right . 
   it 's stuff like this that really makes me wish we either had a real union ( i.e. 
  one where individual countries ca n't pull shit like this ) even when there are things in place to stop it happening , people do it anyway , * a la * the danone law . 
  like every politician . 
  yip . 
  headline from the future : crime up as more spaniards storing savings as cash at home . 
  yeah i know . 
  usually i see annotations at the top , or else an asterisk on the title alerting me to the footnotes . 
  it was a little confusing at first , that 's all . 
  might have been better to put the red figures in green . 
  red makes it look like they 're negative somehow . 
  took me at least a minute to figure out what the hell was going on . 
  i wonder how this will go down in greece . 
  my point was n't that the nhs should be entirely scrapped , my point is that if i could change one thing in the country it would be to break this mindset that the nhs is sacrosanct and infallible . 
  it is flawed in its current state . 
  as you say , it 's long term care is severely lacking . 
  the fact that 's it 's emergency care does n't say much about organisational structure as much as it says about emergency facilities and staff training . 
  i would prefer a french system , if only because it mitigates a huge risk we are currently wide open to which is that under the current system we would quite literally foot the whole world 's medical bill if they came and got treatment in a uk hospital . 
  given predicted migration patterns , the impending advent of megalopolises , and the fact that britain already has a reputation for being the land of medical milk of honey , it is going to break us to have the nhs ( in its current form ) in 10 years time . 
  it needs reform , it needs change . 
  it ca n't stay free indefinitely . 
  `` one off '' ha, 
  depends how you measure it . 
  is four months ( and still waiting ) for an ultrasound to confirm my friend 's pcos really necessary when she just wants a scan , a doctor to say , ` yeah that 's pcos . 
  take these . 
  ' , and then get on with starting a family ? 
  that 's not efficient . 
  that 's pathetic . 
  the nhs is a flawed system . 
  just accept it and stop being so zealous in your protection and clouded in your judgement of it . 
  while none of us like the idea of seeing patient care reduced , we need to all agree that the state is incapable of delivering healthcare efficiently and effectively , cost to the patient be damned . 
  stop vilifying the rich at every turn . 
  most of you would not have jobs were it not for the gumption and hard work of people who are now rich . 
  rail against a trickle down system as much as you like , but if you are in the private sector your job is most likely the result of a ( rich ) guy who made hard choices to grow his business . 
  you are the beneficiary of a trickle down economy whether you like it or not , as are your kids ' state education and , yes , the nhs . 
  you really think your ni contributions covered your surgery last year ? 
  on ya bike , son . 
  it 'd be like me wailing on economic liberalism when i work for an american multi-national . 
  it 's moronic . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's libertarianism which is considered a sub-ideology of conservatism . 
  conservatism is about empowering people which typically translates to low taxes and small government . 
  what conservatism is this ? 
  deportations . 
  maybe tear gas for the voters ' tv viewing . 
  not one mention of packed commuter trains . 
  this article does n't capture the essence of london at all !, 
  this article is full of lies . 
  more money probably . 
  and a confederate flag, 
  kirchner has denounced us !, 
  sometimes politics is about right and left and sometimes it 's about right and wrong . 
  to me this is a stark reminder that who 's in does n't make any difference . 
  choices at this level are currently made by circumstances , not ideology . 
  are you talking about the first girlfriend ? 
  against . 
  free trade union of independent , unique countries acting as a network is good enough . 
  attracts business , builds economies , the interdependence of free trade stops wars , democracy is assured for all . 
  a federal europe offers nothing of clear value that i can see . 
  we already have economically . 
  there 's no need to do so socially too . 
   europe is no longer a tinderbox waiting to go off , and we do n't put so much into our armed forces any more . 
  there 's only one country on the planet well armed enough to launch straight into another world war on the next level and that 's the usa . 
  we 're not even a localised tinderbox like india/pakistan . 
  agreed , but if the euro fell apart then things would go south remarkably quickly . 
  i guess the guy 's argument ( not mine ) is based on the view that if things get worse rather than heal we could be completely buggered . 
  i know . 
  hence why i said , `` i know it adds weight to his argument but ; ... '', 
  interesting , i guess . 
  i know it adds weight to his argument but ; i ca n't see a war breaking out in europe again .
