  4 years ago adsl with be unlimited was still giving my mate better speeds than my brother 's bt fibre . 
  over the last 6 months there has been constant noise about whether the competition commission needs to step in because bt are on the verge of a monopoly with their insanely good quad-play package ( 4g mobile through the ee acquisition , epl and cl on tv , fibre optic broadband , and of course their never-ending and permanent monopoly on fixed point telephone sockets ) . 
  that 's a near meteoric rise in competitiveness . 
  forcing companies into a situation where they start partnering up across the continent could/would lead to a situation where moderate/large companies would eventually merge and become conglomerates , shutting out the smaller guys , and big business only does business with big business . 
  it would be bad for sme suppliers who specialise in one or two things , and be great news for cofely or mitie or whoever when they inevitably diversify into telecoms to start creaming the services market . 
  is that good for business ? 
  is that good for smaller companies ? 
  look at the european markets . 
  they have like one tier 1 provider each . 
  in the uk we have more because when british rail was sold off they gave the telecoms network to ralcal instead of bt . 
  that act alone pretty much saved our telco industry . 
  which country has the best rates in the eu for consumer contracts , handset costs notwithstanding ? 
  the first time i saw the cost of a french contract with sfr on my erasmus year i almost coughed up a testicle . 
  in the uk i get unlimited texts , all you can eat data , 600 minutes ( that 's 10 hours and who needs that , honestly ? 
  ) , all for # 10/month . 
  that 's the direct impact of market competition . 
  sim only contracts took much longer to hit other markets . 
  megacompanies would no doubt lead to cheaper prices for a while but it would also mean that the market would start to solidify , and in a fast paced industry which needs to be flexible to adapt to new technologies , i 'm just not sold on the idea of forcing the industry to start forming uber-multinational companies . 
  once that happens , they can just start edging prices up anyway and the market will be too rigid to allow cheaper smaller providers to spring up to meet the inevitable demand for cheaper prices . 
  telecoms is n't a perfect world but it 's fluidity keeps it on edge . 
  competition in a consumer-driven industry which relies on rapidly implementing new technology to stay relevant is , imvho , a good thing for customers in the round . 
  if there were only 2 major tier 1 providers costs would n't be competitive , and advancement would n't be rapid . 
  where would the impetus come from ? 
  legislation is n't the answer to solving the issue of roaming fees ( and i accept that it 's an issue ) . 
  i maintain , roaming fees will disappear eventually , but only when customers vote with their wallets . 
  if they disappeared now there would be undesirable consequences . 
  forcing a heavy , idealistic hand through legislation will , imo , create waves . 
  i 'm not an idiot who thinks that it will all come crashing down and we 'd go back to smoke signals , but the status quo furnishes competitiveness , especially in the uk . 
   we are trying to create a unified market across europe , and taking away roaming fees is a logical step , i think . 
  i do n't see how that 's a logical step . 
   i m [ * sic * ] sorry that progress might get you fired , but thats [ * sic * ] how things work . 
  the needs of the many outweight [ * sic * ] the needs of the few way to make assumptions about a person you dont [ * sic * ] know . 
   but surely they 're leasing from you as well and it balances out ? 
  not necessarily . 
  if you 're the only guy with access to a particular city you can make a killing on last mile services because you 're the only guy . 
  that does n't mean i 'm going to use my london based customer because there'e more competition there and i can get better rates . 
   rather than turning off data as they board the plane , consumers will actually use their devices abroad and may want to upgrade their contracts as i 've said , as soon as demand becomes a market driver and not just white noise in the internet forums , things will change . 
  at the moment , why should an industry change because of reddit voting patterns ? 
  but each of those will be separate entities with their own p&l . if we start running multinationals differently then maybe things will change . 
  as is , your payments to orange espana do n't pay for the infrastructure in the uk . 
  if they did orange would be looking at international banking fees to move the money around to pay for stuff . 
  just because multinationals publish aggregated figures on a high level does n't change the fact that one entity might be much richer than another . 
  the uk customers are supporting the uk networks and infrastructure , not spanish customers . 
  given that most people will only use roaming for 2 weeks out of 52 a year , yeah of course it 's a comparatively small area of profit . 
  that does n't make it any cheaper to lease bandwidth from your competitor . 
  good luck with you education . 
  dunno , i do n't work for three , but there are increasing numbers of global tier 1 carriers who can offer same-rate fees across their networks . 
  you look at someone like bt or at&t or level 3 or verizon and they have truly international coverage with their networks . 
  throw in a single same-end last-mile provider and you can fix your fees across a growing portfolio of countries . 
  that or three have managed to use their own coverage network and done a like-for-like swap ( or close to it ) with an american company . 
  i 'm not sure who that is but it 's the most likely answer . 
  i know vodafone buddy up with sfr in france , but they still have roaming fees . 
  my personal suspicion is that there 's no need for that and they 're abusing the status quo because both of them are too big to fail . 
  scrappy smaller companies like three have to pull out the stops to get the customers in to compensate for a questionable reputation . 
  i have no doubt that roaming fees will one day disappear , but it will be the natural consequence of market competition and market demand , not legislation promoted by people who do n't see the big picture . 
  the fastest way for people to ditch roaming fees would be to move to the first guys who offer it . 
  other providers will run there as fast as their legs will carry them . 
  again , as someone who works in telecoms and sees the costs of these services , the fees you pay are actually fair . 
  just because light and electricity are forces of nature does n't mean that the equipment , skills and knowledge needed to make , install and maintain the hardware on which the internet runs are cheap . 
  air strike paris ? 
  that 's pretty intense . 
  they said this about invading iraq and they were largely right . 
  the region was destabilised and now we all pay the price . 
  however , i find it hard to think of a punishment that is too severe for isis militants . 
  i could watch them all be blinded by rusty teaspoons and i do n't know if i 'd feel remorse . 
  you do n't want to give a prick a legal claim to wage war agaisnt you . 
  i work in telecoms and if this were passed over night it would take a seriously heavy toll on our company . 
  we 're publicly listed too , so heavy losses means headcount reduction to keep shareholders happy . 
  all you college kids and unemployed graduates who dick around on the internet all day do n't seem to realise that the big bad private sector ^ tm is actually employing hundreds of millions of regular people who all have families . 
  there 's more to these decisions than you getting free data when you 're on holiday . 
  i wondered when the chinese would get involved . 
  incompetence is too kind a word . 
  this is nefarious . 
  the money in question is an imf loan . 
  it 's not even ecb or eu money , so it 's not like germany should have more of a say in this deadline than another country . 
  an excellent description of / r/europe . 
  and simingly everyone in europe has fallen for it hook line and sinker . 
  governments the world over have been crowd funded since forever . 
  we 'll see who pays the price when greeks start to starve . 
  what caused the greek crisis was over borrowing because they were overzealous and bolshey during the boom years . 
  then the recession hit , the economy took some blows and tax revenues dried up meaning they could n't pay off the debt . 
  greece has acted irresponsibly , but only in objection to stringent austerity measures . 
  they 've been suffocated for 5 years with people expecting them to somehow recover in the process . 
  all they 're asking for is an extension on the repayments . 
  are we really going to watch greece become europe 's own zimbabwe over this ? 
   considering i am far from greece i do n't see how the rumblings of a minor economy on the fringes will affect me any way with disdain like that you must be german . 
  * checks post history * well hot damn . 
  i did n't know that , but i am so not surprised by that i shook and hung my head . 
  tsipras is an extremist ? 
  well goodbye socialism , you 're never coming back to europe . 
  no the reason why external audits on foreign countries do n't happen is because it 's just not done . 
  in the case of the euro , anybody with half a mind would have codified economic conduct for a country which uses the single currency . 
  that was n't done . 
  you should have made it a requirement to have things checked out before they switched currencies . 
  instead you did n't . 
  you 've made your own bed , mate . 
  enjoy the next few weeks . 
  everyone who thought it was a good idea to have currency union without fiscal union . 
  are you five years old ? 
  can you not follow a conversation ?
