  in france alone , beyond christmas and easter , assumption day , ascension day and whit monday are still public holidays . 
  to say nothing of the basis of freedom being founded in the christian belief that god made all things free . 
  there are obviously secular definitions which take precedence now , but to suggest that religion held europe back before science came and saved everybody is moronic . 
  while i do n't dispute that religion as an unaccountable power structure is susceptible to corruption and has a very bloodstained history , christianity enabled europe to advance in the way that it did . 
  if you really think that , then you need to read more books on cultural evolution , cultural theory , and cultural history . 
  if he had n't brought in the whole ` christian identity ' shtick , he would have probably pulled in a lot of support from / r/europe . 
  this is n't about protecting christianity , this is about protecting secularism . 
  use budget flights . 
  yes trains drop you right in the heart of some of the world 's most beautiful cities , but trains are also full of migrants right now . 
  security would be one of my major concerns if i were to go travelling in europe right now . 
  moreso than than normal . 
  but i thought sovereignty was a non issue , so said / r/europe !, 
  what treachery is this !, 
  full of scorpions is my mind , o wife !, 
   ms merkel , who has suspended eu rules germany : the great european, 
  team britain : world police, 
  in theory yes , but we 're all pretty fed up of being painted as your bogeyman . 
  lots of people joined in with libya . 
  iirc france and the usa were both involved . 
  the depressing this is he actually does n't . 
  i 'm aware of why they choose what they do . 
  i 'm not suggesting that life in syria is peachy . 
  and i disagree . 
  i have no responsibility to other people . 
  i have the responsibilities i choose to take on and that 's it . 
  there 's no bigger picture . 
  no greater meaning . 
  i 've got it shit compared to others . 
  i have it good compared to others . 
  but no one has a responsibility to me , and i do n't have a responsibility to other people . 
  just because apes stand up and start talking does n't mean the rules of nature change . 
  they 're not forced . 
  they choose to do it . 
  that 's the reality . 
  i have no responsibility for these people . 
  you ca n't honestly expect me to take progressivism seriously when they spend so long disparagingly cutting to ribbons ` values voters ' and terms like ` family values ' , only to pull a complete 180 and then start harping on about duties as europeans because of our ` european values ' . 
  i 'm suddenly supposed to capitulate to appeals of emotion because they 're coming from idealists who believe that their ideals are better than other people 's ? 
  jog on . 
  the poor are ( generally ) , but the left these days is bourgeois progressives who think they 're special because they 're not old money . 
  they like immigrants because they remind them of their gap years . 
  for further contributing to the desensitisation of the general public ? 
  these things do n't make me care . 
  they do n't pull at my emotions . 
  they just make me switch off . 
  leveraging the dead body of a child in an appeal to emotion is absolutely sickening . 
   `` there would have to be a significant change in scotland 's political circumstances before another vote on leaving the uk could be held . '', 
  and you do n't see how that 's a reference to the eu referendum ? 
  despite the fact that scotland has voted to be a part of the uk and that the vote of the uk as a whole would reflect all parts of the uk , including scotland ? 
  you honestly believe that ? 
  you honestly believe that the snp is n't going to keep on about referenda after referenda every few years ? 
  you really think that they do n't make the noise about it on an annoyingly regular basis ? 
  oh come on do you even follow the news . 
  it 's almost every week . 
  `` there are consitutional grounds for scotland to leave the union if austerity is n't reversed . '', 
  `` there are constitutional grounds to re-run the election of england votes to leave the eu and scotland votes to stay . '', 
  `` there are constitutional grounds ... '' nicola sturgeon is a broken record , mate . 
  except it should n't . 
  if i 've learned anything about referenda questions from the scotland issue , it 's that loading the dice in favour of the losing team only results in a sense of entitlement that they were robbed and constant demands for re-runs in the aftermath . 
  the very short answer is that those countries have what are essentially caste systems . 
  just fill in the form and claim the money . 
  this is the eu we 're talking about . 
  they did this for 35 \u00b0 c ? 
  they were legitimately worried about people dying at 35 \u00b0 c ? 
  is that a joke ? 
  it was part of the `` interact with history '' exhibit . 
  it 's better than being a french guy who thinks he 's funny . 
  we know . 
  we all heard it . 
  `` let 's just take the out of the display case . 
  no one will know . '', 
  or , you know , set up makeshift water fountains and maintain a basic level of tact . 
  it 's worth you children being aware that before we had the one true policy that is freedom of movement we used to have free movement of labour , which is exactly what may is describing , and it worked perfectly fine . 
  more hoops to jump through , but it worked fine . 
  the only reason free movement of people became a think was because of europhile eurocrats who were busy building a political union in a short sighted haze with eyes fixed on a long term pipe dream without thinking about the mechanics and mid term impact of their actions . 
  for further reading on a eurocratic elite pushing through politics with no thought for logistics , see also : greece joining the euro . 
  they found atlantis mate . 
  streets lined with gold . 
  the crisis is over . 
  prototypes always fail . 
  altavista , hotmail , myspace , napster , periscope , european federalist party . 
  the thought crossed my mind too but it 's such a dark prospect i 'm prepared to assume that that is n't the case until i see further evidence . 
  * la la la la la la la *, 
  in the heat of the summer . 
  and what ? 
  why should he ? 
  germany : victims of the eurozone, 
  national debt is paid off against a clock . 
  it 'll go down whenever it goes down . 
  that 's the joke, 
  mate , why ? 
  that kid is n't even trying . 
  those are n't puppy dog eyes . 
  that 's a punchable face . 
  badgers . 
  do n't even think about messing with a badgers . 
  badger 's do n't care . 
  badgers do n't give a shit . 
  badgers just do what they want . 
  adder bites can be pretty rough too . 
  they can kill small children .
