  will raising vat create harder or easier circumstances for greeks when compared to the alternative ? 
  they have the choice to do the later at the general election . 
  this recent 21st century trend of demanding direct democracy when you disagree with something is already old and it 's only been 15 years . 
  won ; t happen . 
  the rest of the uk did n't get a say when scotland wanted to redefine the uk . 
  * shudder *, 
  this irish mep is the bomb . 
  `` my iglesias please . '', 
  `` i can be your hero , tsipras !, 
  i can buy away the pain ! '', 
  why not have a pay as you earn system like in the uk and other countries ? 
  when i get paid i get a wage slip that shows earnings , taxes , national insurance , student loans , etc. 
  it 's all done for me . 
  at tax time i do n't calculate what i owe , i double check to make sure i 'm not owed anything by the government . 
  what about vat ? 
  what about doing what pinochet did like that fucking legend just suggested to clamorous boos ? 
  ( i jest ) what about enforcing digital sales records in all stores to cut down on evasion ? 
  idk but it seems like greece is n't even trying , but people are n't talking about what 's being suggested either . 
  we 're just told `` reforms '' and excpected to trust the media and the politicians that the reforms are sensible and reasonable . 
  no one is surprised . 
  i just wish they 'd actually get to discussing the reforms , not talking about wishy-washy principles about integrity and honesty like i 'm at church . 
  do n't do your job for a week and they can get really interesting . 
  it 's not making much of a difference . 
  this german dude is shouting really loudly . 
  i understand that completely , but it seems that the reason why greece is struggling with this more than othr countries is that they are trying to pay for very high public services and welfare . 
  social democracies are great , but i understand the criticism of many that greece has to pay for its own . 
  i 'm pretty sure they have lost all their talent when greece voted for syriza . 
  it seems like varoufakis was the only guy who understood what was going on , but the eurogroup hated him for his cavalier attitude and personal politics . 
  why would anyone even joke about this stuff ? 
  how do you think that 's going to happen ? 
  post pictures of greek tourist destinations in ` solidarity ' ? 
  so you 're saying you 're too lazy to read the comments ? 
  are you having it on , mate ? 
  the vitriol this place has busted all over keyboards across europe at greece 's expense is pretty impressive . 
  `` you al fucking suck , and i 'm not going to pay for you to have nice shit because fuck you , and you can be crippled by austerity for all i care , just stop degrading the reputation of glorious euro , but thanks for hanging out , yaknow ? '', 
  i get that . 
  after reading further it seems like a lot of the problems are that greece 's economy is n't built for austerity in the sense that they ca n't give out pensions to 45 year olds and think it 'll work . 
  i understand the arguments for economic restructuring a bit more . 
  i 'm talking about the ez flicking off greece . 
  she likes painting though . 
  has it crossed your mind that if they leave you 'll never see the money again , and only end up spending more and more of your money on them in the form of humanitarian aid when they eventually crash and burn ? 
  obviously the analogy is n't perfect . 
  is he wrong though ? 
  can austerity possibly work in such a small environment ? 
  i 'm not an economist but i did study biology at uni , and there is a point at which an extant species is considered extinct because the gene pool is too small ( i forget the term ; uni was a while ago ) ; even with all the conservation efforts you can try , eventually it will amount to nothing because genetic defects from inbreeding a few generations hence will effectively kill off the species anyway . 
  i think a similar thing might exist in economics ( which , after all bears a lot of the hallmarks of things we observe in natural sciences ) , where a larger economy - say britain - can cope with austerity measures , but a smaller one like greece is just killed off completely by austerity and deep cuts to public spending . 
  austerity being a remedy and a poison are n't mutually exclusive , and my guess would be that the difference is in the size of the economies . 
  to me it seems like greece is on the verge of a generational depression . 
  i think we have to accept that austerity is n't the solution any more . 
  all it 's done over the last 5 years is kick the can down the road anyway , to the point where greece is honestly expected to start cutting pensions . 
  that 's insane . 
  that 's insane . 
  edit : i 'm aware the analogy is probably naive . 
  i 'm simply trying to draw parallels with stuff i understand . 
  my main point is that the size of the test-bed impacts the results of an action . 
  larger economies seem to have been largely unscathed by austerity , but greece is being suffocated and told to breathe . 
  it 's like a tape player being played in reverse . 
  do n't * dream * *** it 's oveeeerrrr !, 
  it 's like game of thrones but less influential on my daily life . 
  flicking off an entire country is n't wise . 
  `` redditing '' is very often newspeak for `` ignoring the general thesis of a comment to pick out the part i do n't like '' . 
  to mention nothing of the fact that we do n't even know if he 's religious from that one comment . 
  apparently he 's stupid because he has a phd, 
  what does he mean ? 
  that a man wjho dedicated years of his likfe to understanding the nuances of faith and it 's role in society in improving the lives of danes can in no way possibly be intelligent enough to be adequately sceptical of scientific advancement to know which research projects would lead to an improvement in the lives of danes ? 
  that is the best polandball i have ever seen, 
  rekt, 
  i love these threads . 
  early 20 somethings believing that your education is the most defining thing about your ability to do a job . 
  die hard atheists brainwashed by / r/atheism into thinking that all christians are jesus camp alumni . 
  people spinning it saying that he 's the perfect candidate because he 's so gullible . 
  the assumption that theology holds no merit whatsoever as a field of study , culminating in the total rejection of the idea that anything other than dark side of the moon , a couple of joints and a picture of space ^ tm can lead to serious contemplation of matters of a spiritual nature . 
  it 's like an orchard of low hanging circlejerk fruit . 
  jerk on , young idealists with no jobs . 
  jerk on . 
  if he 's able to be sceptical about the latest scientific discoveries then i think it 's fair to say he 's a good scientist , certainly a good minister of science . 
  the results of greece 's indigogo thing . 
  because i 'm a bad european . 
  if you tried to install a new government without an overwhelming majority , there would be riots . 
  no slim majority or democratic vote is going to make people comfortable with having their identity ripped out from them . 
  that 's how you end up with civil war . 
  it 's one thing to create a little huddle of people in brussels and have people carry on as normal . 
  it 's another thing entirely to step out of your corner of europe and say , ` so yeah this was really all about us doing what we 're about to do . ', 
  to suggest it 'll happen in 20 years time is ridiculous . 
  resistance will hold it up . 
  just look at what happened with the lisbon treaty . 
  the subtle mockery of european institutions because they let it in , and the targeted insult at spain , and no one is keen enough to notice it . 
  if the eurozone gives the bird to an entire country it will be very different to giving the bird to a left-wing government . 
  right wing governments are going to be elected anyway . 
  have any crises in particular caused them to rise in the last five years ? 
  ca n't disagree on syriza , but they have also proposed raising taxes previously . 
  i think the fury of the international media against greece is impetus enough to not make their mistakes . 
  i honestly do n't see the problem with germany capitulating . 
  they were never going to see that money again anyway . 
  all this only changes the destiny of greece in any meaningful way , and europe is about to embrace a humanitarian crisis with no one to blame but itself . 
  notch one up for the european project . 
  the larger the population the slower the rate of change . 
  a simple law of natural sciences . 
  twenty years ? 
  jog on , mate .
