  one poll has shown yes overtaking . 
  the others are yet to follow suit . 
  alex salmond 's utopia that does n't exist . 
  nah mate you 've got this locked up . 
  it 's all over . 
  the only thing to prevent it is some form of shy tory factor voting no . 
  kensington is insanely french . 
  half of my wife 's friends live there . 
  the other half live in france . 
  bring wood and oil, 
  edgy . 
  i like it . 
  the thing about this is that it 's actually remarkably efficient . 
  the only waste i can see is ukip generating evidence for their own arguments by pissing expenses down the drain , and moving everything to strasbourg and back every once in a while so france can feel special . 
  clearly this is russia 's doing . 
  he 's absolutely right . 
  no one wants to get into a fight with a tough-nut with nukes and putin knows it . 
  the only way this will end without war is ukraine being either annexed completely or in part . 
  a split between west and east ukraine would not surprise me . 
  wow that 's eloquent . 
  this is why i am deeply cautious of decommissioning our nuclear weapons . 
  they should n't need to be used and hopefully they never will be , but you never know when a psycho appears . 
  why ? 
  do you actually want to play chicken with a psychopath ? 
  i think you need to read my comment again . 
  attempt # 3 ? 
  i do n't even think he will . 
  and that would be wrong but the world is n't a fairy tale . 
  i reckon he might do it , and i reckon the west would do nothing and nato would fall apart . 
  it 's what putin would want . 
  i don ' think the west have the balls the declare war on russia . 
  the citizens of most western powers are conscientious objector types who are war shy after a bad few decades of questionable conflicts . 
  putin knows this and might actually call the west 's bluff . 
  he also knows that obama is weak and not a military mind in the slightest . 
  he schooled obama on syria , obama has remained mostly silent over ukraine , and putin knows ( as does everyone ) that obama just gave europe $ 1bn in a defence package , which is the clearest sign of all that the us is retreating from it 's position of global world police ^ tm . 
  if putin was ever to rattle the cages it would be know . 
  the dominoes are not stacked in our favour . 
  so who 's the biggest threat to puerto rico ? 
  i saw the logo and twitched . 
  remember obama saying mitt romney was crazy for saying that the greatest geopolitical threat today was russia ? 
  let 's revisit that ... 
  the russians i knew it was them !, 
  even when it was the bears i knew it was them !, 
  dude take the job . 
  we could start with http://www.reddit.com/r/europe on the basis that i have posted links here in the past . 
  take that !, 
  take a bow , echr . 
  / r/civ needs you . 
  one please, 
  just when i was starting to worry that the eu had n't given out a farming subsidy in a while . 
  i find that paris ca n't quite pull off heterogeneous architecture . 
  it looks weird . 
  the pompidou building , for example , just looks like a mistake . 
  for when the dark lord returns . 
  i do n't think it 's naive . 
  i think it 's hopeful . 
  i had the same hope . 
  i have no idea how this will play out now . 
  war with russia just seems so inconceivable . 
  i do n't understand . 
  neither of those are ikea hot dogs . 
  depends on my mood personally . 
  mushy peas or curry sauce , but never the twain shall meet . 
  in what universe is there an appropriate context to joke about genocide ? 
  holy fuck . 
  i mean . 
  just . 
  holy fuck . 
  it 's nothing like hate speech . 
  like what ? 
  i 'm not picking on an individual country . 
  i 'm talking specifically about the case of ireland . 
  at what point have any of my comments suggested that i am endorsing tax havens around the world with the exception of ireland ? 
  hey man . 
  the labour party should be allowed to canvas at election time just like anyone else . 
  and it was a strawman . 
  i 'm not talking about the crown dependencies , i 'm talking about ireland . 
  saying ` there are worse things in the world ' is exactly how things never get done . 
  and it 's cheap . 
  i 'm not saying that ireland 's policies alone are creating wealth disparity around the world , i 'm saying that it 's a part of the machine , and a pretty big one in europe . 
  if you 're ok with eric schmidt and his pals making off like bandits every year at bonus time while the common man gets worse healthcare services then that 's your issue i guess . 
  getting ready to celebrate no doubt . 
  so you 'll willingly contribute to global wealth disparity to save your own skins ? 
  that 's fine , as long as it 's clear where things stand . 
  baby do n't hurt me . 
  i 'm pretty popular . 
  dunno but it 's all over breivik 's manifesto . 
  it would have paid for itself if you 'd close that tax loophole of yours . 
  if this is n't a pr stunt i will genuinely be shocked . 
  i just ca n't believe that russia is insane enough to send in a disguised humanitarian convoy in the age of the internet . 
  then again , maybe russia is that insane . 
  they rattled the cage with syria . 
  the west did nothing . 
  they rattled the cage with crimea . 
  the west did nothing . 
  and back in 2008 they rattled the cage with georgia . 
  guess what the west did ? 
  what would honestly happen if these troops occupied kiev ? 
  would anything actually happen if it was an invasion ? 
  did we do anything about georgia in 2008 ?
