  everyone wants to be watched , and everyone wants to watch everyone else . 
  teenagers would rather watch vloggers talk about what happened in science class that day than watch programs made for their demographic . 
  they would rather watch each other play video games than play them themselves . 
  as that culture is carried by that generation into adulthood , privacy will be a waning concern . 
  you are part of the last generation to care about privacy being a mainstream ideal . 
  it will eventually become a minority view , and ` sharing your activities with others is the right thing to do ' will become the new morality . 
  it might take 20 years , it might take 30 , it may even take 40 , but it is on the way . 
  if you think otherwise then you need to spend more time looking at how children and teenagers interact with the internet . 
  they do not interact with it in the same way as adults , young and old . 
  besides , who honestly gives two shits about privacy anyway ? 
  if you 're keeping truly private stuff on the internet then you 're an idiot . 
  this has been obvious since people started getting broadband at home . 
  it was one of the main talking points when it became a thing . 
  `` oh , now the internet is on as soon as you turn your computer on . 
  you 're more vulnerable to attack . 
  it 's not as simple as just terminating the connection . 
  you have to switch off the card , and even then it might still be connected . '', 
  and these were conversations and media articles from 2001 . who cares if the government can see what 's in my bank account ? 
  i have to declare my earnings once a year anyway , and they have been able to infer its contents with an excruciating degree of accuracy for years prior to flash scanning . 
  who cares if they track my movements ? 
  how hard is it to work out my route to work if they already have my home address and work address on file somewhere like , say my nhs record ? 
  who cares if they 're flash scanning my browsing history for triggers and patterns like , `` tor browsers '' , `` how does tor work ? 
  '' , `` firearms act '' , `` gun law in uk '' , `` buy uk handgun '' , `` buy handgun uk '' , `` revenge stories '' , `` prison terms for murder '' , `` defence lawyers '' , `` convert bb gun to real bullets '' , `` distance at which air powered metal bb gun stops being lethal '' , or i stumble upon some codeword like operation grey unicorn , or whatever ? 
  if someone was going around asking those questions in real life they would be apprehended if the cops found out . 
  the internet just makes it easier to do the detective work . 
  mass surveillance changes virtually nothing , and the people going hysterical about it are overreacting . 
  you think some analyst is sitting there reading your love emails or judging you because you 're not achieving your earnings potential ? 
  holy shit how conceited can you be ? 
  to say nothing of payroll or the tax office already being able to do it for centuries ? 
  things i want to keep truly private are my innermost thoughts and private dealings and none of those go anywhere near the internet . 
  you think i 'm going to create an account for some journal service and start keeping my most private hopes , fears , ideas and observations online ? 
  you think anyone with two cents would have done that before the snowden leak anyway ? 
  if anyone is taking any of those things near the internet by keeping their journals on evernote or whatever then they 're fucking braindead . 
  the writing has been on the wall for two decades now , and people are either feigning outrage or they 're idiots . 
  i will , and i shall spend my energies on other things , and we shall see who took the smart road . 
   instead of some big brother like dystopia ahahahahahahahaha amazing, 
   getting away with its demands in the interest of maintaining perspective , they want an extension on some loan repayments so that they can pursue debt restructuring . 
  carry on . 
   the human right of privacy enjoy losing that battle, 
  so you 're saying that we have nothing to fear either way ? 
  cool . 
  but there are many idealistic young europeans who do not have sane minds . 
  eu is life . 
  eu is love . 
  it lets me hang out with my friends . 
   who claims that our german `` personalausweise '' ( id cards ) enslave us he 'd fit right in over here, 
  or maybe they 're not there to get shot at in the first place . 
  who 'd care if germany were revealed to be spying ? 
  i bet any money that if it were leaked tomorrow that germany had bugges the greek government , / r/europe would just say , ` well yeah it makes sense . 
  you 'd be crazy not to . ', 
  no one wants to take germany down a peg . 
  yeesh how desperate are you ? 
   the uk fuckery lol how cute, 
  that people are stupid ? 
  people can be as stupid as they like . 
  i ca n't decide if ( a ) people are stupid enough to not know that this is par for the course , ( b ) people are stupid enough to think that intelligence gathering is some heinous moral sin against the causes of humanity , or ( c ) people are gullible enough to not realise that the only reason the media are pushing this is to sell papers/generate clickbait ad revenue by playing on the ` moral outrage ' reflex , and promote an agenda until people start think that ( a ) and ( b ) are sensible positions . 
  i 'm starting to think that the three are n't mutually exclusive . 
  seriously , if people get angry about this stuff then they 're just stupid . 
  eu is life . 
  eu is love . 
  latest cables confirm ongoing espionage supremacy of uk and us . 
  more at 11 . 
   on the contrary . 
  it will only reinforce the feeling that the syriza government can not be trusted to implement any kind of reform even more . 
  no , it will only reinforce the feeling that the eurogroup is hell bent on its own aims . 
  their lack of magnanimity is already on display for all to see . 
  most people i know are ok with extending and restructuring . 
  what has the eurogroup proved , exactly ? 
  it 's inability to give a shit about the cries of a near desperate people ? 
  cool , i guess . 
  it looked a lot more likely three dys ago than it does now , that 's for sure . 
  do n't you read the news ? 
  personally , i would love to see it . 
  i had kind of hoped that china would step in and tell germany to get fucked . 
  i would have taken the week off . 
  the eurozone helped greece pay off debt with more debt , and then played europeans like fiddles through the media to absolve themselves of all responsibility and blame it all on greece . 
  there could have been better outcome than this but not without pissing off a lot of people . 
  greece is on the verge of a ( multi ) generational depression and having its assets raped by foreign investors , and everyone will say it 's all their own fault . 
  which is utter bollocks . 
  they are accountable to themselves , obviously , but no one 's whiter than white in all this . 
  west london . 
  southall 's train station sign actually has an arabic subtitle on the placards . 
  west london . 
  southall 's train station sign actually has an arabic subtitle on the placards . 
   a commitment to work on debt relief that means approximately nothing . 
   there 'd be few ( or no ) banking fees . 
   the free movement of capital is an essential freedom of the free market . 
  tell that to banks who charge me money for moving money into my french account prior to my holidays . 
  seriously , how clueless can you be ? 
  then maybe italy should have stood up for themselves when the opportunity presented itself , rather than take it lying down . 
  maybe they 're hedging their bets and trying to get the drop on the market . 
  use it to attract more customers before the competition flows it down for free and three lose their pull . 
  everyone knows that free roaming is coming . 
  it 's just a matter of doing it in a sustainable way and allowing the providers to prepare for it appropriately . 
  because you 're moving money across countries and banks take a fee for that . 
   do you think that the law change would stimulate such deals across the board or will it just make life harder for smaller telecoms that ca n't secure such preferable agreements . 
  yes , but as you say it would also disrupt the markets massively and lead to more oligopolies . 
  telecoms is notoriously volatile , competitive and aggressive . 
  not 10 years ago people were saying that bt were a sleepy mess of a dying company and only subsisted because of legacy contracts from when they were nationalised . 
  when they entered the fibre market it took a few years to shake off the dust .
