  if she genuinely tries to blame the public i 'll be amazed if she hangs in there . 
  but anger and rage . 
  no manosque . 
  so sad . 
  but you did get grignan . 
  we 'll always have metal gear solid . 
  so surely the most productive form of action to take here is to identify the laws which benefited gs and then look closer ? 
  ok but what 's a protest going to do other than let us all know that 76,000 people are very angry about this ? 
  i could see the virtue of a period of time where your employment rights are limited . 
  that would n't feel or seem too onerous . 
  who says it was avoidance ? 
  maybe they just did n't want it . 
  people would n't go into politics as much . 
  the public would miss out on a lot of talent . 
  freedom to control your own labour beyond your time in public office should n't be a cost of going into public life . 
  what has that got to do with it ? 
  i know exactly what the revolving door is . 
  so what ? 
  how can you stop it ? 
  why should it be stopped ? 
  you ca n't and it probably should n't be . 
  that level of expertise is valuable on the free market . 
  why should n't someone who , through their own industry and lifetime of hard work , be forced into a position where they ca n't charge what the market can afford for their skills and knowledge ? 
  why should anyone care ? 
  he 's a private citizen employed by a private company . 
  he 's a grown man who can make his own choices . 
  is he supposed to earn way below his potential just to placate the eutopian mob ? 
  and you still insist that a romanian gypsy and a french lawyer can look each other in the eye , completely incapable of communicating , and consider each other fellow countrymen ? 
  ireland does n't have much to attract foreign investors . 
  it , like britain , is largely a rainy island . 
  it gets by by attracting companies with low tax rates . 
  if the eu were to remove that benefit to setting up shop in ireland i would n't be surprised to see a lot of those companies move to paris and frankfurt , simply because there are benefits to being close to other companies like face to face meetings and exciting lifestyles and culture and leisure activities to attract top talent . 
  what worries me slightly is that the ec could say to ireland , ` give us control of your tax regiem and we 'll make sure you 're the only anglophone country in the single market . ', 
  and ireland might go for that . 
  the point is that germany will use the ec to effectively acquit germany of it 's obligations to pay the vw fines to preserve their important role in the auto industry . 
  no it wo n't . 
  the issue is state aid , not low tax rates . 
  luxembourg is fine . 
  * conveniently . 
  it would help if europeans understood the word demos . 
  the plot , like my gravy , thickens, 
  i think he 's pretty dangerous tbh . 
  i think all utopian federalists are . 
  they would gladly drag 49 % of the population into a civic arrangement they do n't want and then enforce their decision with a steely grip . 
  tusk was right to criticise them . 
  sadly , brexit was an opportunity for europe as a whole to consider it 's future , but the agendas are so deeply entrenched that people decided to wait for the result before they made voiced their views . 
  there 's no compromise on this . 
  you either believe in the united states of europe or you do n't . 
  if you ca n't accept that brexit has poisoned the air then it 's best you do n't try and engage on conversations about brexit . 
  brexit opened pandora 's box . 
  a lot of people feel validated in being openly racist . 
  that is the reality and you have to accept that . 
  you do n't have to approve of their decisions , but to suggest that the brexit vote is without unintended consequences is , quite simply , completely brain-dead . 
  $ 13bn is slightly different . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/f908e534-2942-11e5-8db8-c033edba8a6e?ftcamp=published_links%2frss%2fbrussels%2ffeed%2f%2fproduct#axzz3flt2uog6 educate yourself greece talks : ` sorry , but there is no way you are leaving this room ' tusk 's ultimatum as tsipras and merkel reached a ` dead end ' july 13 , 2015 by : anne-sylvaine chassany , alex barker and duncan robinson -- brussels the closest greece has come to leaving the eurozone was at around 6am on monday morning , just as dawn was breaking over brussels . 
  alexis tsipras of greece and angela merkel , the german chancellor , decided after 14 hours of anguished talks that they had reached a dead end . 
  with no room for compromise , neither saw any reason to carry on . 
  grexit was the only realistic option . 
  as the two leaders made for the door it was donald tusk , the president of the european council , who moved to prevent the fatigue and frustration from triggering a historic rupture for the eurozone . 
  `` sorry , but there is no way you are leaving this room , '' the former polish prime minister said . 
  the sticking point was the size and purpose of a privatisation fund to be backed by sequestered greek assets . 
  ms merkel wanted the $ 50bn of sales to be devoted to debt repayments ; mr tsipras saw that as a national humiliation that would cede control of assets worth almost a third of greek national income . 
  his alternative was a smaller fund , whose proceeds would be reinvested in greece . 
  a compromise was ultimately found after more than an hour discussing nearly a dozen different structures . 
  it was to be the coda to a weekend that featured one of the most exhausting and fraught negotiations in a seemingly interminable crisis that has provided the eu 's sternest test . 
  after almost nine hours of fruitless discussions on saturday , a majority of eurozone finance ministers had reached a stark conclusion : grexit -- the exit of greece from the eurozone -- may be the least worst option left . 
  michel sapin , the french finance minister , suggested they just `` get it all out and tell one another the truth '' to blow off steam . 
  many in the room seized the opportunity with relish . 
  alexander stubb , the finnish finance minister , lashed out at the greeks for being unable to reform for half a century , according to two participants . 
  as recriminations flew , euclid tsakalotos , the greek finance minister , was oddly subdued . 
  the wrangling culminated when wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the german finance minister who has advocated a temporary grexit , told off mario draghi , european central bank chairman . 
  at one point , mr sch\u00e4uble , feeling he was being patronised , fumed at the ecb head that he was `` not an idiot '' . 
  the comment was one too many for eurogroup chairman jeroen dijsselbloem , who adjourned the meeting until the following morning . 
  `` it was extremely hard , violent even , '' said one participant . 
  failing to reach a full accord on saturday , the eurogroup handed the baton on sunday to the bloc 's heads of state to begin their own an all-night session . 
  as the hours passed and sunday turned to monday , the prospect of a grexit seemed to grow more probable , participants said , heightening divisions between sleep-deprived politicians and diplomats that have developed over six months of mostly frustrating negotiations . 
  a senior official in the room believed that germany was now the country that appeared to be acting in bad faith -- no longer the greek prime minister alexis tsipras . 
  at one point , mr tsipras had to endure a lecture from miro cerar , the slovenian prime minister , to which italian prime minister matteo renzi objected . 
  eventually , fran\u00e7ois hollande , the french president who has battled to keep greece in the fold , ushered ms merkel and mr tsipras into mr tusk 's office to finalise a compromise on the privatisation fund . 
  although they were ultimately successful , the negotiations appeared to strain the franco-german relationship long at the heart of the european project . 
  `` there was in germany a rather strong pressure for a grexit . 
  i refused that solution , '' mr hollande told reporters after a deal was reached . 
  on the privatisation fund , in particular , mr hollande gave backing to mr tsipras . 
  it was a question of `` sovereignty , '' the french leader said . 
  `` nothing would have been worse than humiliating greece , greece did n't seek charity , but solidarity from the eurozone . '' mr hollande also insisted that the possibility of a temporary greek exit from the eurozone -- a controversial initiative mr sch\u00e4uble had managed to insert into the eurogroup proposals -- be removed from the final document . 
  in the end , some bleary-eyed diplomats emerged unsure who had prevailed in the marathon session . 
  but they seemed agreed as to who had suffered most . 
  `` they crucified tsipras in there , '' a senior eurozone official who had attended the summit remarked . 
  `` crucified . '' additional reporting by stefan wagstyl, 
  * gasp * they must be a lost tribe of ancient israel !, 
  they pretty much were . 
  what was it that tusk said ? 
  `` i 'm sorry , but there 's no way i can let you leave this room '' ? 
  followed by a [ totally not staged ] reconciliation at the door between germany , france and greece ? 
  i felt the feels from here . 
  when you include the black market . 
  oh france . 
  home of the double ~ ~ entendre ~ ~ standard . 
  never count sarkozy out until the last vote has been counted . 
  but i want him to lose .
