  you do realise of course than this is exactly what germany and france did to the greek energy sector when they held bailout money to ransom on condition that greece privatise its energy sector before they magnanimously knelt down and bequeathed the greeks their monetary salvation in the interest of european solidarity and fealty to the project ? 
  you 're so blinkered it 's unbelievable . 
  why does every europhile on / r/europe have to read like he 's mid wank ? 
  free movement of labour should n't be what it has become for so many years . 
  if i took your job by undercutting you and then started using your tax money to give myself tax credits would you buy me a beer and rejoice taht we 're both of european heritage ? 
  no , you would n't . 
  free movement of labour between such widely disparate economies is ridiculous and will continue to be ridiculous . 
  the single market has been abused . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  that 's why the uk voted leave . 
   that you will take the other part for a fool is n't that just saying that the euro was a mistake because scotland refuse to repeat it thus ` taking the other party for fools ' ? 
  my french in-laws want the same thing . 
  but the black backing singer was awesome . 
  i am the eurovision, 
  le moment pr\u00e9sident has consistently been the funniest thing i 've seen on french television for the past few years , thanks in large part to francois hollande providing such great material . 
  russia does, 
  this is pretty great . 
  very beautiful song, 
  fight the power salvador, 
  well done portugal, 
  `` welcome . '', 
  a 100 point lead . 
  this is nuts . 
  is she freeing a dove ? 
  `` like the dress . 
  when it 's finished it will be stunning . '', 
  oh graham . 
   swehden you had one job . 
  belgium tattoo parlors must suck . 
  we were no worse than the french or dutch . 
  somewhere in georgia : `` hey you , wan na make some money ? '', 
  `` yeah . '', 
  `` just look at this camera and tell portugal they get 12 points . '', 
  wtf netherlands, 
  does our historic treaty mean nothing , portugal ? 
  * weeps bitterly *, 
  i mean , he did a great job , but the fact that 's on a 70 point lead and over 200 points with half the jury votes in is nuts . 
  seriously germany , you are weird . 
  based oz, 
  what the hell is happening right now ? 
  so he 's winning the symapthy vote basically ? 
  needs or has had ? 
  the foreign ministries . 
  what 's the backstory with the portugal singer ? 
  still trading on paris, 
  maybe we should send an autistic guy next year, 
  points or gtfo, 
  shit this is on, 
  still better animations than mass effect andromeda . 
  i 'd still vote for jezbolla . 
  germany plagiarised, 
  it 's mijicle !, 
  yep . 
  zombies doing aerobics . 
  `` if zombies did aerobics '' * graham norton, 
  i think we 'll finish left side of the board . 
  this could be big . 
  it 's good that pee wee herman got our of prison and represented italy at the eurovision this year . 
  not sure about the gorilla though . 
  poland was pretty weak . 
  i 'm expecting them to finish in the top five thanks to the polish diaspora . 
  it 's gina g !, 
  hon hon hon, 
  theresa may would have destroyed him . 
  one day the french will get through something without trading on paris ' credentials . 
  she bombed in the chorus , confidence shattered . 
  shame . 
  it 's a decent song . 
  vote macron, 
  true, 
  yo this kid can sing . 
  graham clarified that he was a boy . 
  i have the sudden urge to play far cry 3 blood dragon . 
  i love that black guy . 
  what a performer . 
  i want to become a singer just to have in my dance troupe . 
  the black dude on the right should have been the headline act, 
  frikkin beautiful, 
  i can see the connection between this song and iceland actually . 
  exactly, 
  florence and the machine had a baby with depeche mode, 
  i did n't know placebo was a question, 
  it 's like a shit version of lordi, 
  omg ukraine no no no no no no, 
  sia - titanium https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrfuaukytkg germany 2017 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4quwrs6hrm, 
  here comes the money . 
  where is the love !, 
  only the eurovision could combine bad boy gansta rap with yodeling . 
  has anyone played boxboy on 3ds ? 
  i think we will do better than 0 points this year . 
  unfortunately named song . 
  this guy is really milking his five minutes in the eurovision spotlight . 
  this is year three . 
  james bond is not nerdy . 
  so chill, 
  please kill that voice in your head within the next two minutes . 
  ratchet daft punk, 
  do what , mate ? 
  do what !, 
   winks * swoon *,
