  it 's possible . 
  bitcoin has really upped the ante in terms of security measures in coding . 
  i 'm sure in time something like this could be developed and implemented . 
  i 'm sure it already exists in things like us military security . 
  while i agree with the principle , i feel that this is ultimately a naive approach . 
  warrants wo n't stop anyone , and governments will never be held to account by courts , least of all foreign courts . 
  we have seen this over and over and over again . 
  how long will it be before i need to apply for a visa to visit the states months in advance to give them enough time to analyse my facebook , twitter and linked in accounts ? 
  not to mention wordsauce scans of sites like reddit and 4chan ? 
  warrants do n't stop police states . 
  never have , never will . 
  i 'm pretty pissed off , i 'll be honest , but what can be done ? 
  other than self-flagellation and shutting yourself out of modern social networks ? 
  one more reason to not get an xbox one . 
  that 's a cold , cold article . 
  its a shame . 
  i 'm starting to come round to this european project idea more and more . 
  i suspect by the time we reach our ( seemingly inevitable , thanks to miliband the hack ) referendum i 'll be painted blue with gold stars on my face . 
  hopefully we can stop fighting and start taking joint action to get europe moving as a whole . 
  tough questions need to be answered but i believe we 're more than up to the task . 
  this is good advice . 
  you can take your detailed pseudo psychoanalysis and shove it up your ass . 
  i 'm not interested . 
  i was not snowflaking at all . 
  i was accused of causing my children to have a crap relationship with me , and i rebutted it . 
  you then came in waving studies around your head saying how wrong i was . 
  i do n't really understand why you did that , but hey-ho . 
  i at no point suggested that policy should resemble the 1800s and women should shut up and sit down . 
  i am in no way suggesting that my father was a patriarchal monster and my mother was a victim . 
  i simply made the counter argument to the thread 's liberal circlejerking that traditional set ups can work , and work for many people . 
  my own experience and those of my extended family ( and the vast majority of my friends ) all fly in the face of your research and we have prospered more than the average individual . 
  i fully support laws for more affordable childcare , i am enthusiastic about the reforms to maternity and paternity leave in britain in the coming years ( especially as i am currently in the process of having kids ) , and i wish all parents everywhere every success in their efforts to raise their children , and , yes , i think laws should be made to make it as easy as possible for all people , not just conservatives . 
  that said , i have made it abundantly clear that the housewife is seen as the enemy of feminism . 
  if you disagree you can type into google ` is feminism regressing ' . 
  the academic literature argues that it is , and third wave feminism ( twf ) is generally regarded as a crapshoot , with everything and anything being defined as feminism . 
  that does n't mean that they accept housewives . 
  on the contrary , the idea of regression implies the reversion to a previous state , and the increase in conservative perspectives is seen as that previous state . 
  more women choosing to raise their kids , embrace their maternal instincts , ` go natural ' with full pain child-birth - all these things are considered by feminist academics and journalists as being restrictive and imprisoning , and they see women who do it as letting the side down . 
  agency is king is a lovely motto , but the literature ( and i know how much you love studies ) is squarely against your assertion that feminism embraces the housewife mentality . 
  you are simply wrong . 
  my point is not that feminism is wrong , only that it is flawed in it 's demonisation of certain women . 
  ironically the wikipedia article on twf is rather open and embracing of the crapshoot nature of twf , saying that feminsim is about liberation , and as such it takes on different forms in each generation and between each individual . 
  ` agency is king ' . 
  but if you go into the academic literature this is not what you will find . 
  there is a clear and vivid alienation of women who are giving up their feminist birthright and walking back into the home to raise children . 
  it is there . 
  it is evident . 
  you may disagree , but you are wrong . 
  we 're going to have to agree to disagree , because i 've honestly had enough . 
  the ecb concludes a lot of things . 
  mainly jokes . 
  i do n't know if its eroded fatherhood . 
  maybe it has . 
  i 've never considered that . 
  on balance , encouraging men to be around for their kids is likely a plus , not a subtraction . 
  i 'd argue that feminism is by no means a perfect lobby , and it 's undermined largely by the vocal members . 
  it ultimately alienates a lot of people eventually . 
  it 's pretty much the women 's section of progressive ideals . 
  a lot of traditionalist and conservative women reject the movement on the basis that they do n't need other people using them as leverage for their arguments . 
  it also makes the fatal error of assuming gender equality ! = no sex differences and there 's a debate by itself which could last for hours , if not days . 
  all right , sunshine . 
  why do n't you go back and re-read the discussion ? 
  i was backhandedly accused of being ok with my kids not knowing their dad . 
  that came out of nowhere . 
  completely out of nowhere . 
  i responded by saying that i was raised in a traditional family set-up and i 'm perfectly normal . 
  then you come along with your accusation that i 'm saying that should be enforced for all people every where . 
  i glibbly dismissed your shitty-ass , unnecessary point and you came back with fucking research you had taken the time to lookup all for the purpose of proving me wrong ( for being raised in a traditional setting or some bullshit ) . 
  then you get pretty close to the mark by suggesting i might be a troll , and now you 're accusing me of a persecution complex because i disagree with you . 
  the gist of your argument has been to berate me for having a different upbringing to your studies and still turn out completely ok , which i shared purely as a counterpoint to the argument that housewives are failures of women and failures for women everywhere . 
  you came out of nowhere , and fallaciously dressed up my backstory as some kind of argument against the merits of feminism ? 
  and then you accuse me of a straw man argument ? 
  fuck yourself . 
  really . 
  please . 
  just fuck right off . 
  how dare you accuse me of such narrowminded bigotry . 
  you completely misunderstood what i was getting at . 
  and if you really think the demonisation of house wives is n't a part of mainstream feminism then you need to go do some research on first and second wave feminism , and maybe read a few lectures and key-notes given by the dragons and maybe dive into the debate a little bit more . 
  i have made my point abundantly clear : the arguments of mainstream feminism are skewed and undermined by arrogance . 
  whether is is consciously acknowledged or not , the opposite of progressivism is no longer traditionalism ; the opposite of progressivism is considered regressivism . 
  for this reason ( they see the choice to be a stay at home mom as regressive ) , feminists * hate * stay-at-home moms . 
  they * hate * them . 
  just the other day i was listening to a debate on radio 4 in which a journalist declared that the life of a housewife is a life of partial house arrest . 
  it 's comments like that which are cheap , unfair and irrelevant in a debate about female empowerment , but nonetheless highlight the patronising view many feminists hold of stay-at-home moms . 
  women are * not * encouraged to choose for themselves , they are encouraged to choose what feminists want them to choose , and that 's a career . 
  i 'm all for choice , but the only difference is that i do n't judge people based on their choices . 
  a housewife is n't always some oppressed victim , as people like you hold . 
  there are those who are there by choice because they just do n't feel the need to work , yet their voices are never heard because they are drowned out by vocal critics of their lifestyle choice . 
  is that fair ? 
  is that ` progress ' ? 
   claimed it should be that way for everyone where ? 
   claimed your anecdote is equal to critical evidence where ? 
  look kiddo . 
  trolls are n't funny . 
  they do n't try to be funny . 
  satirists and circlejerkers try to be funny . 
  trolls get people irate to the point of wasting their time looking for things online to prove the troll wrong . 
  thank you for making my day . 
  for your information , my view is that there is an unhealthy undertone in current feminist rhetoric that demonises stay-at-home moms for somehow ` letting the side down ' .
