  why do you judge honour killings differently to other murders ? 
  they both result in death for unjustifiable reasons . 
  i do n't follow you 're argument . 
  what exactly are you saying ? 
  we need to cure the gays ? 
   wo n't fix problems what problem is there to fix ? 
  i respect your honesty in sharing an unpopular opinion . 
  i see exactly where you 're coming from , and used to think similarly years ago when i was a younger man . 
  however i disagree . 
  i think there is more to homosexuality than reproductive biology . 
  i like blowjobs . 
  what have blowjobs got to do with making a baby ? 
  a lot of straight men fantasise about anal sex . 
  what 's anal sex got to do with making a baby ? 
  it 's not black and white . 
  i also think that marriage changes over time . 
  today i think marriage should be extended to same sex couples , because the family is n't what it used to be . 
  few care about monogamy , and few who engage with it show it the respect it used to enjoy . 
  it makes no sense to hold it to a paradigm no one is willing to accept . 
  it 's society 's institution and society has changed . 
  marriage should change too . 
  sure . 
  i mean you can believe whatever confirms your biases . 
  i 'll take the guy at face value and believe his testimony . 
  and that would be fine , but there 's a difference between criticism of policy and just saying , ` lol religious people are deluded ha ha ha ! ', 
  militant atheists have brought this upon themselves . 
  it 's a very flat and reductive reading of human relationships and science to say , ` we 're born to reproduce , therefore anything that gets in the way of that must be a defect . ', 
  it 's an opinion to be sure ( one i disagree with ) , but it 's hardly a concrete reality upon which we should base demonisation of individuals . 
  are you saying that you consider it a disorder and are being incredulous at those who say otherwise , or are you inquiring as to whether it is considered a disease by some because they also consider it a disorder ? 
  you joke , but a guy fell down a grass bank and woke up gay . 
  why ? 
  everyone watches tubes these days anyway . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i ever heard of anyone actually buying a video . 
  my ex 's dad was called john smith . 
  he referred to himself as the john smith . 
  it made me laugh . 
  greece wins . 
  nice . 
  they say destroying things is a sign of sexual frustration . 
  watch your mouth . 
  do you have any proof that non-organic food causes cancer ? 
  because i 'm looking at the developing world 's over-reliance on gm crops such as dwarf wheat and i 'm seeing less incidents of cancer per capita . 
  i 'll never look at a kebab the same way again . 
  i 'll take my electricity and hot water thanks . 
  thanks , juan-pabl - waaiiiit a second !, 
  the savaging of ids on child poverty was so satisfying . 
  this is fine . 
  you 're welcome . 
  they can hardly be blamed for the fact that they keep coming back . 
  that did n't happen overnight . 
  let 's be serious . 
  thanks , i 'm gon na need it . 
   99 % need not apply phew, 
  when poland joined the eu france instituted an emergency break so that the new countries could n't immigrate to france for a number of years . 
  was that ` all in ' or ` all out ' ? 
  was that equality in your eyes ? 
  is this new 'em ergency break ' on migration somehow different to the one you used ? 
  or are you just a hypocritical piece of shit ? 
  germany has already tried twice to seize europe 's sovereignty , and we stopped them because people wanted us to . 
  this time people seem to want it so : meh . 
  blair was pro eu , and major 's chancellor , ken clarke , was as europhile as it gets . 
  i feel the exact same way . 
  but we do n't . 
  we ask for fair treatment . 
  virtually every european country treats eu migrants differently to its citizens . 
  when i lived in france i did n't qualify for the same type of s\u00e9cu as everyone else ( and it was never fully explained to me ) . 
  we 've been very generous in the past and it 's cost us sky high immigration . 
  why build your own social democracy when you . 
  can just move to britain ? 
  i do n't think it 's asking for special treatment to behave like other european countries . 
  you federalists seem to think that been equal means everybody 's worse off because equality trumps prosperity . 
  that strikes me as nuts . 
  labour made the mistake of not putting 'em ergency brakes ' on the rate of immigration from poland et al. 
  others did , notably france and germany . 
  now that britain wants to apply its own 'em ergency brakes ' , the rest of the eu shits the bed . 
  i love the double standard . 
  are you young ? 
  because the eu has been around for 25 years and before the crisis happened we were pretty involved . 
  the english and the welsh did n't get a say in how scotland voted . 
  which is bollocks because we were campaigning hardest for the eu to be expanded to the eastern bloc and the last 8 years have been dominated by the euro 's abysmal failure to find stability and we 've never been a part of those talks . 
  the impression i get from reddit is that lots of europeans want us to leave . 
  top troll from a top lad, 
  `` lads we 've got to . 
  the eu said so . '', 
  just use snazzy business words . 
   decriminalising sex with animals will allow germany to unleash the potential energy of the porn industry , and where industries flourish , taxes flow . 
  it 's soft but it 's there . 
  i think it 's why it never worked out . 
  plus i never got her number . 
  so long , nadine . 
  no , i am well aware that legal process is incredibly detailed and rigorous , and that turning up to a court room with a guardian rolled under my arm and saying , `` your honour russia is a big fat meanie ! '', 
  would n't get very far , and russia would n't be convicted of being enemies of democracy . 
  but do n't let that stop you . 
  your dreams are beautiful . 
  thanks , hungary . 
  as a brummie i 'm completely insulted that he overlooked us . 
  how on earth are aston villa going to find a new owner if this kind of treatment continues ? 
  we need the free advertising . 
  i actually really like the dublin accent . 
  i met an irish girl at a party once and almost proposed after an hour of flirting .
