  make sure it 's salt flavoured . 
  not really . 
  there 's a difference between ` which policy do you want ? 
  jesus of nazareth or barabbas ? ', 
  and asking ` who do you fancy sending from your community to make policy decisions on your behalf ? ', 
  not all democratic votes are equal . 
   countries in which people have installed chrome but not changed the home page, 
  yeah but what you just said could easily be applied to communism too . 
  or just dictatorships in general , which communism typically engenders . 
  i thought fascism was believing that everyone should be like you , but on an extreme scale . 
  well of course . 
  it 's double space and i can read it at that zoom . 
  no wonder it 's so thick . 
  also romanians do n't seem to understand that diplomacy is a slow process . 
  in fact we could just say that romanians do n't know what diplomacy is . 
  a minority of crazy psychopaths will feel like they are validated in their racism ( as in the case of brexit ) and a number of black people will get shot . 
  that 's not funny though . 
  the best part about that would be watching all those who laughed at him for calling the election rigged to suddenly do an about face and call the election rigged . 
  `` dismantle nato !, 
  get putin on the phone !, 
  i 'm phoning it in ! '', 
  i 'm excited, 
  it will result in the aggregation of big companies into the same cities . 
  wealth is as magnetic as economic activity , and so the companies will relocate their bases of operations to more developed areas of the eu , namely france and germany . 
  irelend will care because ireland will lose a lot of jobs . 
  there are rare moments when a nation 's leader perfectly aligns with the country 's standing on the world stage . 
  today is a special moment . 
  doing it in a four post bed in the elys\u00e9es makes up for it , i guess . 
  haha !, 
  he 's like france the guy . 
  i can relate to your country being in some kind of crazy amuck . 
  having looked at christian 's beard in that photo , i agree . 
  pretty sure putin 's vying for the spot . 
  adolf hitler is the only guy in history to have his first name retired for outstanding performance . 
  evil and immoral performance , but outstanding nonetheless . 
  and yet britain is known for it 's scientific prowess , italy is known for it 's chic culture and arts , and france is known for being a bunch of pussies . 
  paris is 100 % urban area with the exception of the champs de mars , jardin tuileries and jardin de luxembourg ( all desperately small ) [ unless you believe in gerrymandering ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dqxjqcj.png ), 
  that sums you up nicely given that your initial question did n't solicit a yes or no answer . 
  the uk will seek to trade with as many people as possible , as much as possible . 
  including the eu . 
   i do n't think you can call standing up for the very essence of the european union as `` political vanity '' `` the very essence of the european union '' is to add value to the lives of those living within the european union . 
  if it makes it harder to trade with a long time ally and trading partner then that 's not adding value . 
  that 's getting in the way . 
  that depends if i want to keep making $ 350,000 a year . 
  there 's also the gaping discrepancy between income tax regimes and the fact that people live of their net worth , not gross . 
  i do n't think it 's irrelevant . 
  i think it 'll be hard brexit and i think it 'll all be over in 12 months from now , but the eu will be flexible about tariffs when the time comes to negotiate trade . 
  we have no idea what the political backlash will be from eu citizens ( including a great host of private sector workers ) if business suffers as a result of political vanity . 
  the eu strategy right now seems to be to go harsh on the uk to kill of euro-scepticism , but i think it will have the reverse effect . 
  ukip was fed by `` more europe '' . 
  they fell apart in a matter of weeks when it became clear that there was no more europe . 
  idealism and romance . 
  i lived there for 4 years . 
  it 's a dump and the charm washes off very quickly unless you 've mountains of cash to live in the rich quarters . 
  ease of doing business is being dramatically overlooked here . 
  english contract law is light years ahead of france . 
  paris is an overpriced shit hole . 
  it does n't even have any significant green spaces . 
  they have brussels . 
  the only reason they apologised is because they were forced to when virgin released a bunch of cctv tapes showing corbyn and te guardian were lying . 
  here you go https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/oct/07/fast-train-to-publication-too-fast, 
  it means the bank accounts ca n't be used to receive or send payments , including deposits and withdrawals . 
  they 're effectively useless and accessible . 
  and as if russia today is suddenly going to hold up the working man as some kind of paragon victim . 
  how you slap free speech on everything as an excuse for illicit behaviour . 
  brexit will be concluded in 6 months from the point of triggering article 50 . it 'll all be over 12 months from now . 
  i 'm convinced the tories will go rip the bandage off quickly and then get to work with real trade discussions . 
  france is complaining that the music is n't french . 
  honestly , it would be stupid not to . 
  i wanted us to remain , but i 'm kind of hoping that we get a ship building industry going again . 
  the gentrification of dockyards has become such a joke . 
  we could really get stuff going by selling boats around the world again . 
  sea buss, 
  that wo n't change anything . 
  he 's sucking up to china because he wants a trade deal . 
  he 's going tough guy on eu because he wants a trade deal . 
  where 's the inconsistency ? 
  they 're a g8 country . 
  they 're not andorra . 
  since when were referenda on this island about making informed decisions ? 
  here we go, 
  it 'll work this time . 
  that 's pretty much france 's approach to the state 's roll in determining freedoms , yes . 
  so why is france such an outlier compared to other continental european countries ? 
  freak chance ? 
  please be true . 
   this is coming from a frenchman btw . 
  no shit, 
   what is it that is still apparently alive for you ? 
  the most racist attitudes found in europe . 
  i actually disagree . 
  i think this is the rhetoric we need more of . 
  failure to assimilate is a serious issue , and i say that as a centre ground liberal who believes that immigration is a very good thing . 
  the problem , imo , is that too much energy has been spent building walls and paranoia instead of building bridges . 
  charlie hebdo might be free to say what it wants , but it is a dedicated wall-builder and has only added to the problems in french society by making minorities feel ` not french ' because they are n't secular . 
  they , and many others in france - imo the public attitude is incredibly hostile and conformist - are guilty of preaching a silent rhetoric that if you do n't agree with the status quo then you are stupid and missed a few classes at school . 
  hollande 's speech says , to me , that france will reach out and try and encourage muslim women to remove their veils . 
  it reminds me of an old story i was told as a child . 
  the wind and the sun had a competition to see who could get a man to take his coat off . 
  the wind blew as hard as it could , but the man only pulled his coat tighter around him .
