  none . 
  you 're telling me mr hankey the christmas poo is actually a cultural icon in catalonia ? 
  the king . 
  i 've never seen a funeral car that looked like a van . 
  interesting . 
  what 's the one on the end ? 
  they just headed north east and became father christmas ' helpers . 
  you do n't think restricting the public 's access to machines specifically designed to kill is a good thing ? 
  yeah but in the wake of the therapy , some guy convinced a kid to be the next british wimbledon champion since fred perry . 
  `` hey , what if we 're wrong about terrorists getting through the net anyway , and we accidentally make a better world for ourselves ? '', 
  yeah but she stood up to him . 
  my newspaper of choice told me so . 
  tattler, 
  not really . 
  they tend to find allies in the ` progressives ' who think politics is only ever about spreading money . 
  remember that ? 
  does anyone even give a shit about cable gate anymore ? 
  snowden completely stole that thunder . 
  you mean they 'll just soft across the borders and go live anywhere in europe . 
  who 's going to stop them ? 
  average cops ? 
  the plot , like my gravy , thickens . 
  and the status quo never changes , obviously . 
  and soft power over putin would n't be very useful . 
  you think unilateral control over russia 's wintertime sea trading routes is n't important in the world of geopolitical diplomacy and control ? 
  and ? 
  no , the eu wants control of the bosphorus . 
  the name is attributed by governments and media who want you to buy papers . 
  daesh do n't want you living in fear . 
  the want the apocalypse to purge the wicked from the earth . 
  however they achieve it , daesh want you dead . 
  i 'm glad there are no hard feelings , from one bellend to another . 
  you 've completely misunderstood my comment and need calm down . 
  my comment was that where no jobs exist people will create their own . 
  unemployment drives innovation . 
  demand creates supply . 
  chill out , you argumentative twat . 
  go pester someone else . 
  the power of high youth unemployment . 
  the goal of the terrorists is you dead . 
  tor is designed to communicate without the government or the public knowing what you 're doing , because what you 're doing is more than likely illegal . 
  please do n't start extolling the virtues of assassin boards and meth markets because you 're nervy about an analyst checking out your dickpics . 
  it will reduce the impact very minimally because they 'll just go underground and keep recruiting anyway , only more slyly . 
  it 's the equivalent of using emergency powers to burn books to stamp out an ideology , you 're just targeting a different platform for disseminating information . 
  has that ever worked ? 
  ignore moralising arguments about principles for a moment . 
  has it ever worked ? 
  just like me and my thursday night prostitute alter ego sharon are n't the same person . 
  different accounts and everything . 
  i just wish the taxman would respect that . 
  the eu is only powerful if people believe in it and submit to its authority . 
  do n't underestimate the power of threatening to leave . 
  you make a lot of the food , remember . 
  you do n't know that it 'll solve the problem so stop throwing that around as fact . 
  and you litmus test for questionable policy by just doing it in the first place is horrific . 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  reduce very minimally . 
  what kind of respectable human being sends dick pictures to their girlfriend ? 
  more to the point , what kind of classy lady who is worth a relationship enjoys dick pics ? 
  you 're conflating data gathering with effective analysis . 
  also , there are only so many times civilians can be lucky before they get unlucky . 
  we have to be lucky every time . 
  they have to be lucky once . 
  how so ? 
  the political answer is to make a big magnet through mass surveillance and automated flash scanning of communication for keywords . 
  the only people making hay are the people wanting to protect themselves in the 21st century with 20th century technology . 
  take a bow . 
  but that was n't what the parent comment was discussing . 
  he was just having a rant about promotion in the name of expressing sympathies . 
  which is crap . 
  if you and k can express our sympathies in the wake of tragedy , why ca n't big corporations ? 
  a rich country like france does n't need donations , to be fair . 
  how much have you coughed up ? 
  and there 's nothing wrong with companies expressing sympathies . 
  amazon did it . 
  it made me click a bunch more times to get past their tricolour to do some shopping . 
  \\ #proudfather, 
  it did n't always need a crisis . 
  it 's only in the last 8 years that the media has been * this * bad . 
  it used to be a lot calmer . 
  still relentless , but never this exhausting . 
  my 13 month old son has a passport and they do n't have his fingerprints . 
  it 's what happens when you base something on ideology . 
  if anything the eu is it 's own best argument that a federal europe can never be a reality . 
  economic crisis . 
  migration crisis . 
  security crisis . 
  public confidence crisis . 
  the eu just ca n't catch a break . 
  if it was anything else people would put it down to poor management and planning , yet the eu limps on . 
  paranoid christians worried about sending the armies of the whole world to fight that close to the valley of megiddo . 
  ( it 's a joke . ), 
  whoa whoa whoa . 
  you hate the labour party ? 
  great . 
  now it 's weird . 
  oh my word . 
  the football jokes . 
  the football jokes !, 
  a continent of shopkeepers .
