  it 's all shades of grey , and you 're complaining because the shade is changing to something you do n't like . 
  you just do n't realise it yet . 
  your opinion is quickly being outdated with the march of time , and it is a futile struggle . 
  free markets will win out , and the exhibitionist customer data business model is changing the face of politics and human cultures and societies . 
  it will bear fruit proper in about 10 years time when people in their 30s are n't fussed by it and have learned to navigate the ins and outs . 
  when the passionate , young , protesting generation stops protesting the battle is over . 
  you think the government does n't already know all your bank transfers , and has n't had this information since electronic transactions became a thing in the 70s ? 
  seriously . 
  you think the government does n't already know all your bank transfers , and has n't had this information since electronic transactions became a thing in the 70s ? 
  yeah but they 're not ` spies ' . 
  they 're maniacs looking to slaughter women and children in the marketplace . 
  so yes . 
  i 'm fine with shooting all the pigeons . 
  just deal with the fact that the head of government of an officially christian country put out an easter message and get on with your life . 
  yeah but you could argue that christianity gave birth to humanism , and that humanism is just watered down wishy-washy christianity . 
  i 've been reading * inventing the individual * recently . 
  really good book . 
  christianity holds an important place in the story of progress , and not just in the reactionary , ` it helped us know what not to do har har , ' sense . 
  i 'm fine with other people being dragnetted , and i 'm happy to be dragnetted in accordance with that practice . 
  people say it does n't make us safer . 
  that 's only true if you 're a truther who believes that decelerations of thwarted attacks are propaganda . 
  i 'm not a conspiracy theorist , so i 'm conformable believing that dragnet actually makes us safer by intercepting communications of the enemy . 
  do you disapprove of the medieval tactic of capturing carrier pigeons , by any chance ? 
  i 'm totally fine with dragnet surveillance . 
  i actually read the gmail t&c s when i signed up and knew what i was getting into . 
  i also use keybase to communicate important stuff to my closest friends . 
  what 's emergency contraception ? 
  `` why 's that bald guy wearing jerry 's tie ? 
  i do n't disagree . 
  depends how you look at it . 
  france has had famas rifles patrolling paris for years now . 
  we 're already there by some accounts . 
  just like we kept our security patterns and systems for decades and no one got through them until they tried something new . 
  they 'll start torturing terrorists first to get information out of them . 
  they 'll never tell people , but they 'll claim that one was killed in a raid so there 's no need for a trial . 
  lock a few up . 
  show them the headlines reporting their death . 
  psychological warfare . 
  frequent beatings . 
  white noise . 
  delicious food . 
  one less ear . 
  dessert . 
  i reckon they 'd break pretty quickly . 
  would you like to see benelux and the south east of england be rendered inhospitable for a few thousand years ? 
  i mean it 's your call . 
  douglas murray is prophetic . 
  do n't be racist . 
  ooo the accusation of a straw man . 
  you must be a student . 
  it always makes me smile when i see the likes of you suddenly become self deprecating in the face of criticism . 
  over zealous ? 
  i think you misunderstand our politics , friend . 
  we are the docile and unflappable humanists , slow to anger and quick to tolerate . 
  we would never say anything untoward . 
  this is a rule of left leaning political minds . '', 
  what are longbowmen going to do now ? 
  ca n't we genetically modify them, 
  i mean , we could just accept that the migrant exodus has provided the perfect smoke screen for isis to send their ( eu citizen ) fighters back home from syrian training camps through our non-existent borders , and that we 're in this situation because they abused out compassion and our politicians completely failed us because they were scared of being called racists thanks to the pressure from the left . 
  but why would the left ever admit that they were wrong ? 
  that would just be stupid . 
  progressives are never wrong . 
  their ideas are by default progressive and therefore morally correct . 
  not this week . 
  wait till late may . 
  the jihadis will throw everything they 've got at us in an attempt to get people to vote this summer in an emotional state about border control . 
  but in which language will we communicate all this information ? 
  shall we compare the marshall plan with your last bailout ? 
  i 'll stick with america thanks . 
  nothing about batman 's justice is conventional . 
  what is a common conventional army going to provide against a guerilla insurgency comprised of our own citizens ? 
  do n't let the truth get in the way of a bad joke . 
  dicks out , lads !, 
  last one to climax has to eat the cookie !, 
  atheism is the absence of faith . 
  it 's not the same thing and the differences are complex . 
  i do n't buy the idea that they grew up with a burning hatred of the west , wanting to render it all as dust . 
  somewhere along the line they lost the plot and signed up with people who would promise them something . 
  i said in the my first comment that the leaders may be fascists , but the fot soldiers are just idiots who 've fallen out with society . 
  i 'm not giving them a free pass , just acknowledging that the issue here is n't a fascist theocracy . 
  ponying up for our own holy war of secularism vs islamism would achieve nothing because that 's not the problem . 
  i disagree . 
  i think you give them too much credit . 
  they 're not invading or even staging a war of contrition . 
  they 're just disaffected kids blowing up their childhood communities because they 've been brainwashed into believing that there are no consequences , whatever they profess to believe about the future or an afterlife . 
  the leaders may be fascists , but the foot soldiers are just idiots who 've fallen out with society . 
  i wish see how they got that information out of him . 
  they 're anarchists . 
  the real kind . 
  total nihilists . 
  they 're attacking brussels because that 's where they all are . 
  unjustifiable . 
  if i make it another 50 years in life and do n't hear about a nuclear meltdown in europe i will be very relieved . 
  boy am i glad that the uk is extending hinckley point past it 's shelf life !, 
  pretty . 
  a corder stone of our society is a murder 's motivation ? 
  they 're both based on ethnocentrism . 
  read a book . 
  the roots of sectarianism and racism are the same . 
  quibbling over a misspoken word is irrelevant .
