  but i was told my country was sinking into the sea . 
  it 'll only breed animosity . 
  while i disagree with the decision , the british people have voted to no longer be a part of the eu . 
  that does n't mean that the uk and the eu have to have an acrimonious separation and fraught relations going forward . 
  we want cooperation , not integration . 
  a `` tough stance '' or `` hard line '' to teach the uk a lesson is n't in anybody 's interests . 
  it will only make us all poorer . 
  you must accept cookies to continue . 
  well no because national leaders would have to sit at a table and work out how to protect their industries and jobs . 
  this idea that the eu sprang full blown from the head of zeus is ridiculous . 
  it happened because countries decided to make it happen . 
  if it failed then it 'd happen again for the same reasons . 
  the german economy is one of the most robust in the planet to be fair . 
  the implosion of the eu would n't help germany by any means but germany would be fine . 
  you guys are pretty good at closing ranks and rebuilding from scratch . 
  i mean that sincerely . 
  it 'll cause a problem with backdoor immigration anyway . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the french system is good for keeping out extremists . 
  it 's not good for understanding the strength of mandates . 
  watch out for them jews . 
  i remember the uk floating the idea of a two speed europe and everyone shat the bed . 
  i hate eu !, 
  he 's worse . 
  the eu 's negotiating tactics will strengthen anti-eu sentiment . 
  well then you are lost . 
  the eu has made it clear that it wants a money fight first . 
  it cares more about it 's budget to keep on going with it 's project than it does about the lives of the people of europe , which was supposed to be the whole point of the project in the first place . 
  obviously not . 
  you clearly have no idea what you 're on about . 
  there was never an offer made by the eu . 
  the figures can from the press . 
  hence , if the uk had said , ` actually we 'll pay this much ' then the eu would have said , ` sweet , we got offered a load of money and we did n't even have to ask ! ', 
  do your research . 
  nothing of any substance has taken place yet . 
  all that has been proposed , over dinner , is a high level agenda of how to proceed . 
  and when putting families as top billing , the eu said , ` forget it , money first ' . 
  but i 'm sure the bricks in your echo chamber are pleasant . 
  have you named them all yet ? 
  that 's not the point though . 
  the point is that the uk is being reasonable about this ( and i really dislike the tories ) . 
  the uk said that the first item on the agenda is the rights of eu and uk citizens across the continent . 
  the eu said the money comes first . 
  who do you think is doing their job and correctly prioritising the needs of citizens ? 
  only if the eu insists on being stubborn . 
  it 's entirely possible for countries to have deep cooperation without the eu . 
  the uk has been quite clear that it 's interested in a strong relationship with the eu , but the eu 's been leaking confidential meetings to the press and setting it 's hair on fire at the prospect of working towards a good deal . 
  bridges can easily be rebuilt , and the uk has shown that it 's willing to build new ones . 
  they are . 
  the english like to drum up sports clashes between the english and the french as some big thing . 
  the french do n't feel the same way at all . 
  france v ireland is a much bigger six nations fixture for the french than england v france is for the english . 
  wife 's french . 
  ca n't begin to tell you how much of a one way thing this is . 
  the french are n't sentimental about the english at all . 
  hahahaha you fucking loser, 
  and 30 % abstention . 
  that means zero votes for le pen . 
  the only question that matters . 
  that is usually how neoliberalism works for the electorate . 
  4 % is too severe a punishment . 
  i work in it procurement . 
  it destroys deals in minutes . 
  all it does is force big companies to use similarly sized big companies meaning that new ways of working are stifled because you ca n't use the startup with interesting ideas . 
  it engenders business safety , not business innovation . 
  is he actually gay ? 
  apparently some are real , some are fake . 
  apparently . 
  as it stands i have n't read a single thing online about them . 
  i 'm not excited by the idea of le pen winning , but it 's this kind of agenda pushing bullshit that makes me hate the western establishment . 
  going dark and refusing to trawl through the messiah 's filth so as to not damage him is shameful . 
  if this had been le pen the reaction would have been completely different , and the french electoral commission would probably have been ok with the media destroying her . 
  the whole system is corrupt . 
  centre-leaving politicians just do such a good job of demonising extremes that it looks like they 're `` the good guys '' . 
  the main person opposing juncker was cameron . 
  with the exception of orban , who was being a dick possibly for fun , 26 member states voted for juncker . 
  the only ones to actually opposed him as the wrong guy were the uk , the netherlands and sweden iirc . 
  merkel was in favour of the new precedent of the ep winning bloc getting their guy because it was ` democratic ' . 
  honestly nothing about who is prime minister will be ? 
  or his ministers ? 
  nothing at all ? 
  it wo n't make a dent . 
  waste of time . 
  surely this would have been dropped a week ago if they really wanted to do serious damage . 
  this wo n't make a dent . 
  lol, 
  15gb of doctored files ? 
  reuters are hardly reputable / s, 
  `` deriding the british empire and holding a grudge against them a century later is totally realistic , but anyone who bears a grudge against germany is an asshole . '', 
  i disagree . 
  it 's entirely viable to refer to how things used to be , i.e. 
  you could only settle in a different country if you had proof of a job offer . 
  the way things are , i could become your new neighbour and troll you all day every day within the bounds of the law and live off your benefits system , all while undercutting your job by offering to do it for cheaper . 
  a fascist with political experience . 
  if last year had been no brexit and clinton then macron would have been seen as the pretender that he is . 
  he looks good because he 's a centrist in a world which seems to be loosing its head . 
  but the guy was a manager at fucking rothschild bank . 
  this guy is as elite as it gets without being born to nobility . 
  which countries had plebiscites to give a mandate to the maastricht treaty ? 
  that 's exactly who he is .
