  the ` official slang ' is greying economy as you rightly point out . 
  one thing i would add is that french people i know have an outcry over their language every five seconds . 
  i tease my wife saying that we need to make sure the * robert * is always within 10 steps of the dinner table in case of a grammatical dispute over dinner . 
  it 's also a running joke between my francophone and otherwise french-speaking friends that the reason the world adopted english as the lingua franca over french is because the french mercilessly take the piss out of anyone who tries to learn their language . 
  i actually had the ratp attendant correct my french when i arrived in paris and was trying to buy a * carte navigo * at * r\u00e9publique * metro station . 
  wtf is up with that ? 
  while you 're at it , sue france . 
  mine did n't do jack shit during my erasmus year , but the * academie de paris * swore blind that i needed one before they 'd pay me . 
  and then when i did get sick i had to wait weeks for my * carte vitale * arrived . 
  if you are in the area -- go to this concert . 
  i saw him in paris at bercy . 
  his newer stuff is kind of lame ( although i did quite enjoy back when we were beautiful in concert for some reason ) but a pit full of people screaming ` bad medicine ' and ` you give love a bad name ' just soothes the soul . 
  the left have been speaking out about it for some time . 
  check the guardian . 
  fair argument . 
   england is really liked in france , by us citizens and by our politics , definitely see i do n't disagree with you there but i hear that a lot . 
  `` britain 's really popular on the continent , we do n't know why you want to leave . '', 
  it 's really strange . 
  i think part of the issue is our media constantly peddling a rhetoric that we 're hated by everyone and brussels wants to take away our freedoms . 
  i really think that a lot of anti-europe ukip voters can be won over by a simple display of endearment which would overrule a lot of the anti-european rhetoric . 
  of course , it would also be sad to see people pandering to the uk because it is ( to be frank ) having a hissy fit . 
  i feel that european politics needs to be more unifying and less adversarial . 
  if the whiners could be seen that we 're more involved than it would go a long way . 
  the problem is our media . 
  what about when france threw its toys out the pram and said , ` if you 're gon na downgrade us then downgrade the uk first !, 
  it never ceases to amaze me how similar we are yet how much we feel the need to compete with each other ? 
  oh europe . 
  i do n't drink tea . 
  your move . 
  i can see us getting along, 
  the thing that freaks me out is that no one has any idea . 
  it 's an experiment . 
  these are completely uncharted waters . 
  we do n't even have a vague idea of how this will play out . 
  just scores of academics arguing and shouting each other down . 
  if policy makers are going to make such a huge move with little consensus it 's a fairly clear indication that it 's an act of desperation . 
  i do n't even see the need for it , unless there was a huge news story last week that i missed . 
  the us and uk are one currency to one market . 
  comparing the ez to either situation is apples and oranges . 
  it ca n't be . 
  market confidence will be affected . 
  mad grinds strung together with endless kickflips , if tony hawks has taught me anything . 
  i 'm not right now , i live in london but we will be moving out to paris eventually when the kids are little . 
  ( job pending , etc. 
  etc. ), 
  why i married french . 
  i wish i were kidding . 
  e : that makes me sound like an asshole . 
  i married my wife because we were in love and wanted a family together . 
  e2 : we *** are *** in love, 
  10 euros for a large big mac meal . 
  four english words which , when strung together , mean sod all in english or french , but somehow it works . 
  i 'm pretty sure the siesta is the main reason why spain will forever be a second world country . 
  and they 'll kill only five skateboarders as collateral for every graffiti vandal vaporised . 
  i could sense sarcasm in the first two sentences and then your last one threw me off and the conspiracy detector took over . 
  i 'm pretty confused right now . 
  this time your weapon of choice was economics . 
  i 'm pretty sure merkel is actually ra 's al ghul . 
  does he mean revolution or does he mean riots and he 's trying to make it sound better ? 
  careful there . 
  we do n't use pejorative language towards fellow compariots of mighty europe ^ tm in / r/europe . 
  we only tease the americans for being american and backwards . 
  on the moon . 
  i 'm european and i love eating cereal . 
  used to have a bowl a night right before bed when i was a teenager . 
  normally 4 weetabix drowning in milk with heaps of sugar . 
  there is no food . 
  americans literally eat no food . 
  that 's why they 're all dead . 
  by state i think . 
  well why do n't you just ruin all my fun ? 
  the london evening standard 's gon na be pissed . 
  i gleefully await daily mail-esque reactions like , `` first they do n't pay their taxes , now google overlooks world 's greatest city in cycling map reveal . '', 
  there is nothing they love more than their precious boris bikes . 
  e : i wo n't get my fun headlines :(, 
  it 's almost as if europe has a long standing problem with racism ... 
  the problem with this argument is that we could easily have said the same thing but in reverse if it * had * been in arabic . 
  `` well the edl could have learned a bit of arabic to make it look like it was muslim extremists . '', 
  running to the argument of ` it must have been the edl because screw anti-islamism ' just seems naive and pc for the sake of it . 
  but surely for that to be the case islam would need to be spelt wrong . 
  what happened ? 
  did we give them * nil points * ? 
  what ? 
  i must know !, 
  i thought you were being sarcastic at first . 
  you do n't even need to get angry over it . 
  it 's just a real life sketch show . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  for anyone in paris : please , for the love of all that is good in the world , go to breakfast in america on rue des ecoles east of the sorbonne . 
  it is delicious . 
  you will not regret it . 
  the sweet taste of cultural domination . 
  policies are only repealed when people speak out against them . 
  dangit, 
  i do n't think islamaphobia has a political leaning, 
  [ / r/andersbreivikwasright ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe ), 
  what would you have done ? 
  taken on a guy who 's telling you he has nothing to loose and is n't scared to kill you ? 
  i 'm actually really surprised by how / r/europe is responding to this . 
  i thought i was used to the closet racism but this thread is something else .
