  if companies want to start breaking the law then prosecute the people who are making the decisions which are breaking the law . 
  and if they appeal and win refuse the pay out . 
  two can play at that game . 
  accusations of tyranny can piss off . 
  you want to do business here then you can obey the fucking law like the rest of us . 
  please do n't gat a responsible job . 
  what a stupid comment . 
  christianity is not a clearly defined nation state with a constitution and laws . 
  not until someone in a burka actually blows up a lot of people . 
  but they might blow me up if i tolerate them / s, 
  and the chants telling her to go home . 
  the public apparently enjoyed it . 
  they are officers of the french state and represent france 's values . 
  do n't forget masquerade balls . 
  nigella lawson wore one . 
  is that different because she 's white ? 
  oh that makes it ok . the whole city is conservative . 
  makes sense . 
  i agree . 
  i think the pope hit the nail on the head when he warned against `` aggressive secularism '' . 
  everybody laughed at him but france is rolling it out like it 's policy and i guess people are reaching the same conclusion as the pope was right even if their not consciously joining the dots specifically back to him . 
  aggressive secularism only leads to more aggression . 
  but we are liberating the oppressed . 
  they could easily walk away from work . 
  they often do . 
  tits of gtfo the beach . 
  france is a powder keg . 
  even moderate people can only be pushed so far . 
  more moderate muslims will be pushed towards the fringe by this . 
  libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 is a load of bullshit , and i say that as someone who has lived in france for almost 4 years now and got married in a french marie . 
  nothing about france 's response to islamic extremism embodies those three values in the slightest . 
  religion is often and/both . 
  science is typically either/or . 
  therein lies the conflict 99 % of the time . 
  yeah but the beach is a secular space . 
  ... lol i could n't . 
  i tried to keep a straight face but i could n't . 
  so excited . 
  i do n't know what to believe anymore . 
  i 'm a big fan of the common language . 
  do n't you take that tennis champion away from us . 
  we need him . 
  stop hanging around with that europa girl and come home < 3, 
  if anyone wants to see what delusion looks like up close go check out / r/ukpolitics . 
  it is the new watermark for real world examples of the `` this is fine '' dog sitting in the burning house . 
  it does n't go to jihad . 
  it goes to the five pillars , which include fasting , prayer and charity . 
  we 've broken $ 1.31 !!, 
  dicks out , lads !, 
  but we 're freeeeee . 
  they said that about brexiteers if i remember rightly . 
  people who think that nato means anything are kidding themselves . 
  but my politicians waved flags and told me we were invincible . 
  there 's no choice . 
  many parts of the country would burn if the government said that it was n't going to exit . 
  you dumb . 
  cringe posts like this make me a little bit glad about brexit . 
  i heard the cars were german . 
  i 've never understood the west 's addiction to it . 
  because on european beaches we expect women to get their kit off . 
  for feminism . 
  please tell me the guy who threw the harpoon was called ishmael . 
  take it off !, 
  and naturally canada will just make time to entertain prince andrew and boris johnson with canadian taxpayer money . 
  justin trudeau 's government does n't exactly have a lot going on right now . 
  we prefer the term british empire . 
  tourism has always been handled by visa waivers . 
  it 's a dud argument . 
  and she did it all herself with her bare hands . 
  n e x t g e n e x t g e n, 
  the industrial revolution was insane . 
  `` let 's build a big ass tower . '', 
  `` why ? '', 
  `` to show off . '', 
  `` what if we gave money to the poor ? '', 
  `` can someone send this twat down the mines please ? 
  i think he 's a jew . '', 
  the bible is actually pretty cool with human relationships . 
  the old testament is polygamy/polyamory all over the place . 
  really ahead of its time . 
  wait . 
  is that where hungary gets its name ? 
  omfg . 
  til . 
  they do n't , but neither can they claim to win the argument while shoving fingers in their ears and complaining about their feelings of all things . 
  the eu ca n't function as a full blown democracy . 
  it needs vetoes back , and countries should n't be forced into things they do n't want . 
  it 's a minor problem in europe . 
  it wins votes at the expense of social feeling between minorities and the country they 're in . 
  more atrocities have been committed by people wearing trench coats than burquas . 
  you can fuck europe right up, 
  germany : do as i say , not as i do . 
  your president is working on it . 
  was it a mistake ? 
  or did they know that they were ~ ~ spinning ~ ~ lying ? 
  vetoes have n't existed in the eu since 1992 . 
  irish government defies expectations and grants referendum . 
  irish people say no to ttip . 
  brussels says , ` we have a democracy and one country can not go against the will of the 26 . ', 
  ttip goes ahead , contrary to the explicit wishes of the irish people .
