  more at 11 . 
  once , but to be honest every christian i 've ever met is more in the vein of id than six day creationism . 
  even the vicar who 'd come give the morning assembly at my primary school did n't believe in a six day creation when i asked him about it . 
  and that was 20 year ago . 
  france . 
  the tax regimes over there mean i 'd have a decent life . 
  also delicious bread and cheese . 
  the british and the germans are n't that different . 
  until a hundred or so years ago we were pretty chummy . 
  in the land of the blind the one eyed man is king . 
  does it ? 
  because all i 'm seeing is that germany has basically enslaved the rest of europe and bound them to a currency the destiny of which they have virtually no control over . 
  convince yourself all you like , but if the dutch government wanted to do a thing that germany did n't we both know that that thing would n't happen . 
  you wan na know something ? 
  the title says ` how the world see 's germany . ', 
  and it was n't all that far off . 
  hahaha . 
  brilliant . 
  that 's too far fetched . 
  they tried that very late in the episode , apparently . 
  i guess we 'll have to see what the authorities find on his hard drives . 
  multiple call of duty games and some porn probably . 
   and i 'm inclined to believe that most people know adversity in their lives and some point in their lives and yet manage to get by without killing a plane full of people . 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  he killed himself while flying a plane . 
  that does not mean he had murder in his heart or his mind . 
  those deaths to him could have merely been collateral damage . 
  do people having strokes breathe normally ? 
  i do n't think that 's true at all , and you 're conflating things quite a lot . 
  i never said that depression turns people into killers . 
  that 's a rigid stance that i do n't agree with , not to mention a corruption of what i said . 
  however , people who suffer from mental illnesses do n't think straight . 
  if there were no adverse affects to it would we call it an illness ? 
  this is n't a competition . 
  this is n't about ' i know people who suffer from depression , ' or ` i 've been depressed ' ; this is reddit - everyone 's been depressed and got through it with video games and rose triumphant to prove their high school teachers wrong . 
  the reality is that people in pain do irrational things , and until there is further evidence suggesting that he 's a psychopath obsessed with histories villains or god then i 'm inclined to believe the co-pilot was in a lot of pain and did something regrettable . 
  they 're not that far distant . 
  people cope in different ways . 
  what does it say though that we even ask those questions ? 
  for all i know he could have been a black gay jew . 
  what difference would it make ? 
  i mean , it could be anything , right ? 
  he could have been a bad gambler and in deep with the sharks . 
  or a spurned lover looking to expose an affair unless he paid up . 
  it could be literally anything . 
  but my money 's on depression . 
  why would a suicidal person grappling with an existential crisis care about other people ? 
  can you imagine ? 
  muslim convert and jihadist . 
  the world would shit a brick so large we 'd have a new moon . 
  maybe people will find his reddit account and he 'll be revealed to be a neo-nazi with posters of hitler on his walls . 
  or maybe he was going through a rough divorce and was only thinking about the surest way to kill himself . 
  who knows . 
  my money 's on depression . 
  they got proof or just an interpretation of the same facts we all have ? 
  that is one possibility . 
  another may be that he lost consciousness . 
  it looks unlikely but i 'm reserving judgement until he 's proved guilty . 
  e : outlook not so good, 
  are you describing the guardian ? 
  i am not a clever man . 
  do you have any idea what that word means ? 
  they are practically in bed with the bbc . 
  i 'm not saying they 're head and shoulders above the rest , but their certainly one of the reputable papers around . 
  no , i was forced to tolerate a bigot being lavished with praise for being a bigot . 
  yes my mistake . 
  because then the bbc would be lambasted for tolerating violence in the workplace in the name of celebrity culture . 
  the telegraph is one of the most well trusted broadsheets in britain . 
  it has a right wing balance equivalent to the guardian 's left wing bias , but i would n't exactly call them pro-establishment . 
  they broke the story about the mps expenses . 
  one of their journalists has a daily briefing email to which political correspondents and politicians alike all subscribe . 
  their sources are considered to be top notch . 
  they are undoubtedly a reputable news outlet . 
  it did n't start with clarkson . 
  it wo n't end with him either . 
  free at last . 
  free at last . 
  thank god almighty . 
  we are free at last . 
  both the uk and france have shown that they consider the ep votes to be a form of protest vote by sending far right parties there to voice malcontent against their own national governments . 
  now both countries have election-winning parties promising to leave , and people are cheering . 
  the dream is well and truly collapsing . 
  are you referring to the danone law ? 
   i 've literally got no clue just guessing the honesty of this comment is a breath of fresh air . 
  cool let 's see if black humour is ok . at least the cop who died in the charlie hebdo attack died doing what he loved : surrendering . 
  or are my legs just more advanced than yours ? 
  just like the optimal broth is one with many cooks ? 
  exactly . 
  so now their technicians are under scrutiny and their social media person/people look like an bunch of clowns . 
  hence my comment that now there are more heads that will roll . 
  because it would have been better to shut up rather than send out a tweet saying ` we 're behind the media on the status of our own planes . ', 
  a late tweet/silence would have been better than an admission of incompetence . 
  it works both ways , surely . 
   i feel like the trinity college restrictions are part of a larger trend of sheltering students no , i think it 's a case of protecting the university and its members from being targeted by radicalised and islamist students . 
  i mean look at what is has been doing to babylonian relics and archaeological sites . 
  fanaticism is trending . 
  i ca n't work out if this is too soon or not . 
  why in god 's name would i trust reddit over the bbc or thelocal.fr ? 
  so now their social media guy 's gon na get sacked as well at their flight technician . 
  but they told me it was democratic and would listen to me !?
