  i wo n't sleep tonight . 
  it 's fake . 
  and that 's not the only fake thing on the stage . 
  come on , norway . 
  where 's the rock and roll ? 
  are they as good as canadia ? 
  given that ukraine are going to win i am at least glad that the song was n't total trash . 
  it 's clubby . 
  oh noes , it 's another left winger so enamoured with his political ideology he ca n't face objective criticism . 
  as in music ? 
  or am i thinking of iceland ? 
  no , man . 
  that 's not how capitalism works . 
  we just print money and make a bit of it debt to balance the books . 
  oh man / r/theredpill is going to shit a brick, 
  i think they 're coupons in the uk but am not sure . 
  this is a mistake . 
  it 's percentage based . 
  what was it in ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  mmm hmm, 
  so you guys get that too , huh ? 
  are we in first year studies again ? 
  i felt a great disturbance in ukip . 
  as thought a million jimmies were rustled and then were silenced . 
  money for nothing . 
  all you did was evaluate a bit of risk and say , ` that horse . ', 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_and_antisemitism if you are going to ignore the wider context of 1930s germany and argue that the holocaust was caused by christianity on the basis of christianity 's past worth anti-semitism then you are a total idiot incapable of critical thinking past one dimension . 
  you have offered no response to my perspective on hitler 's views on christ whatsoever . 
  you have made no comment on recent evidence that economics creates ideological extremism . 
  you have simply relied on flat thinking and a flat argument . 
  and then you demonstrate a complete ineptitude for understanding the word conspiracy . 
  i 'm done here . 
  do n't let that toil-foil pasta strainer out of your sight . 
  keep it real . 
   then why would he go out of his way to purify the church and make his own ? 
  he was an opportunist who used every tool at his disposal to garner support and whip people up into a fury . 
  the lowest hanging fruit in organisational control is religion , which preaches as virtues humility and unquestionable fervour and fealty to authority . 
  politics invites debate , religion silences it . 
  of course a power-hungry lunatic would want to purify the church so that it fitted his aims of dictatorship . 
  i thought that would be completely obvious . 
  sometimes the simplest answer is the correct one . 
   the entire basis for the holocaust is grounded in christianity . 
  where are you even getting that from ? 
  i mean , we could even have a debate about whether or not he even came up with the final solution or if it was his subordinates and he did n't learn about it until it was under way . 
  nonetheless we have evidence to suggest that the scapegoating of minorities is caused not by religion but by economic hardship . 
  or am i supposed to believe that christian country ^ tm britain is on the ukip warpath because of jesus ? 
  is / r/europe 's fervid hatred of roma an ideological issue of ` whites are just better ' or an socioeconomic one of ` their way of life competes with our social contracts and risks unwelcome changes to our way of life ' ? 
  germany was in a depression caused by reparations for ww1 . 
  jewish money lenders were filthy rich . 
  it was the combination or economic difficulty for germans and the inequality between working class germans and wealthy jews which caused the rise of anti-semitism . 
   the attempt to make him seem like an atheist is nothing but a revisionist attempt by christian scholars to put distance between him , their own past and to vilify atheists . 
  it 's a conspiracy . 
  we are oppressed . 
  it has nothing to do with new views on history in light of recent studies . 
  history should be written in stone and never revisited . 
  now where did i put my tinfoil pasta strainer ? 
   he did n't have to lie . 
  so how do you account for his blatant misinterpretation of scripture , saying that christ was a fighter when he was nothing of the kind ? 
  either you take a christian view that he was the son of god and preached love and redemption though meekness and love unfeigned or you take a secular view that he was a opportunistic social revolutionary who abused the messianic hope to further his own political motivations . 
  but there is little evidence ( admittedly there is some but it is scant in comparison to the rest ) that he preached hatred and damnation . 
  taking the words of the guy who said , ` love your enemies , do good to those that hate you , ' and , ` greater love hath no man than this , than he that layeth his life down for his friends , ' and forgiving adulterous women in an age of rampant misogyny , and then accusing that guy of being a slighted warrior king who was beaten by the same guys he came to destroy ( ** w ** hen you believe he was god , to boot ) just smacks of the most convoluted interpretation of christ i 've ever heard . 
  hitler 's view of christ made no sense whatsoever . 
  and to say that he was a christian and that that was the motivation for the killing of 6 million innocents is just as dogmatic as the people you claim are wrong when you are right . 
  the simplest anwser is the most correct ? 
  yeah ok , and the simplest observation here is that this guy considered himself above others ( the exact opposite of what christ taught ) , to the tune of starting a war out of a sense of entitlement and conceit . 
  there is no reason to believe that hitler was at all devout or otherwise devoted to a love of christ in his motivations , or to interpret it as anything other than lip service . 
  just because he did n't * have * to lie does n't mean that he undoubtedly did n't . 
   did you miss the part where most of this is utter nonsense and falsified with an agenda ? 
  did you miss the part where hitler told everyone what they wanted to hear in order to ascend to power ? 
  what makes you think he was sincere to any of them ? 
  if he mislead everyone ( and it 's pretty safe to say that he said everything possible to get his way ) why do you , as an atheist , draw the line at religion and say that he was devoted to christianity and there is no earthly reason to believe that he lied to christians and manipulated christian scripture in order to garner support and votes ? 
  can you honestly not see that he held religion in contempt and had not even the slightest iota of faith in jesus christ as the son of god and the redeemer of mankind ? 
  can you not see that it was nothing more than a deeply cynical ingredient of his 3 k 's policy to appeal to the conservatives and secure that part of the vote ? 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  my world !, 
  shattered !, 
  referenda are n't the only way of saying you want to stay in the eu . 
  given the populist drivel which is driving anti-eu sentiment in britain i would gladly accept a reality in which referendum promises are routinely made and broken . 
   cancerogenous you mean carcinogenic ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjxqtvwblv4 ( nsfw ), 
  would it be unearned though , / u/quas4r ? 
  would it really ? 
  i was looking at your flag and seeing poland . 
  i need to go to bed . 
  steve jobs wanted to pretty much ban porn . 
  as a religious person martin luther deserves to be forgotten and was a terrible fascist racist homophobic misogynist who is single handedly responsible with his theist bigoted brethren for the fact that we are n't having this conversation on mars , m ` lady . 
  dae science is all that matters ? 
  martin luther definitely deserves to be in there imho . 
  the trio might be a bit of a cop out but i think it fits . 
  they are only significant because of each other . 
  the use : bigger than the usa but not as efficient . 
  i 'll let the french and the swiss argue over where it comes from . 
  why is it nonsense to promote industry ? 
  it 's confirmed a lot of my suspicions . 
  we watched putin play musical chairs to stay in power . 
  we watched his propaganda machine at home . 
  we watched him woo fickle people by telling them what they wanted to hear in the international press . 
  he was always a creep . 
  this just confirms it all .
