  wow . 
  the rest of europe is * really * racist . 
  how do you know ? 
  * mi6 , the government legal terrorism agency * mi5 , the patronizing government police watchdog * the nhs , the hallowed , sacrosanct , flawless , best-in-class healthcare service that literally has no flaws whatsoever * the civil service , the people 's checks and balances against the ( only duly elected if it 's labour ) government, 
  wogan was pretty hilarious . 
  wait till you see our sacrificial lamb . 
  bland as bad p\u00e2t\u00e9 . 
  graham norton is narrating . 
  i might actually watch this all the way though . 
  maybe . 
  so what does it achieve ? 
  what does this achieve ? 
  at home or abroad ? 
  having travelled a bit around europe , i 'm not stunned at all . 
  this just confirms my suspicions . 
  just seems like the eu is trying to pinch the brics ' pockets for the sake of it . 
  everyone knows the investment patterns have flipped 180 and it 's just a matter of time before we see the results . 
  the brics will rise and the eu will stagnate in comparison . 
  this wo n't help diplomacy in the long term . 
  and one of the prettiest . 
  i could happily retire to briancon . 
  marseille to briancon is quite amazing . 
  starts in the dusty provence , moves to the foothills , by the end of it you 're in the full blown mountains very high up . 
  beautiful , gorgeous landscape . 
  i \u2665 bj . 
  the long and the short of it is that the young ca n't make enough money and get enough credit to get a mortgage . 
  another aspect is that houses are pretty overvalued in general . 
  in the ( special ) case of london , everyone wants to live here so with near infinite demand on a finite resource ... you know where that ends up . 
  it 's a bad thing for investors and a bad thing for savers but inflation might actually fix things for the young in britain . 
  the housing market is the biggest time bomb in the country . 
  it will hit the fan when the baby boomers start to die in earnest in 10-15 years time . 
  i 'd call their bluff , personally . 
  `` we 'll fire everyone . '', 
  `` we 'll give them jobs with the # 750 million we 'll take from you . '', 
  hum . '', 
  hey , france ? 
  my wife 's french and everything on her facebook feed is people saying the sky is falling france and hollande is on a road to ruin . 
  is that a fair representation of general ratings of hollande or is she friends with like the only 200 right wingers left in france ? 
  hey nice work . 
  you 're like one of those guys off csi . 
  if tropico 4 has taught me anything it is that . 
  what a polite comment . 
  am i still on reddit ? 
  in the media , black british , asian british , dual heritage ( but it might be ` blended heritage ' now ) , travellers , and white oppressors . 
  in polite speech , black/brown gentleman/lady ( but i think yellow is racist ) , dual heritage , traveller and white . 
  in common speech , black , brown , mixed race ( but that will get a stern glare from lefties ) , gypsey/pikey , and honky . 
  if i downvote it it wo n't exist . 
  many a true word is said in jest . 
  very rigid and thorough . 
  not a detail missed out . 
  did he do his rendition of friday ? 
  so basically she is a british domestic version of what merkel is to greece ? 
  i was born in ' 85 , so it 's before my time , but when i read the books i really do n't see the controversy . 
  before she came to office garbage was piled up in streets and the dead were n't being buried because of unions . 
  and then people complain that she broke the unions . 
  does n't add up to me . 
  you mean the sudden change in heart rate will finish him off . 
  then you can blame thatcher for even more . 
  those are pretty brave words to utter on / r/europe . 
  you could have been really downvoted for such unpopular and contrarian views . 
  we are so screwed when the north sea runs out of oil . 
  they actually used the word proletariat . 
  hole shit . 
  clearly not trying to plug a subliminal agenda there . 
  france is fine by comparison to the rest of europe . 
  de facto is not the same as official . 
  careful . 
  there are irish people who subscribe to this sub . 
  there is no federal eu . 
  ... that 's the eu, 
  it seems like a poor move by cameron , but i 'll wait and see how this plays out . 
  the first thing i recognise is that france and germany ( or should i say germany and france ) are n't interested in fair and balanced discussion and review with the rest of the eu . 
  i wonder how the rest of the eu feels about that . 
  maybe they 'll drink the kool-aid like normal but i do n't know how long merkel can stay popular among eu politicians , and hollande is just a moron in general . 
  i 'd like to see some push back against their power-crux . 
  maybe the ` divorce ' in the eu big three will shake things up . 
  they should have dropped out of the euro . 
  yes , cyprus !, 
  germany was n't saving cyprus . 
  germany was saving the euro and germany . 
  but sweden can manage theirs . 
  it 's politics . 
  what do you expect ? 
  a fruit bowl and a ` good on ya , lass ' ? 
  what do i do with my pitchfork ? 
  you just do n't get it . 
  i should be able to tell other people how much of their earnings they are allowed to keep if they 're going to live anywhere near me . 
  why are n't we all earning the same middling salary , paying the same tax rate , enjoying the benefits of free world class public transport reliant purely on renewable energy , with a healthcare system that is immaculate in every regard , all somehow funded by the $ 3,000 p.a. 
  per person the government would be making if our policies were enforced ?!, 
  surely we have an enemy in the rich !, 
  you clearly know nothing about mathematics and meteorological modelling . 
  anyone worth their salt will tell you it 's glorified guess work . 
  no one can predict the weather accurately . 
  the ep 's voting system might be democratic , but the practice of cypriot 's having their policies heavily influenced by german , french , spanish , irish , etc. 
  politicians they did n't vote for is an affront to democracy . 
  and if you ca n't recognise that then you 're an idiot . 
  they should be allowed to drop out of the euro and go bankrupt . 
  at least we have precedents for helping bankrupt nations back on their feet . 
  this is n't news . 
  it happens in every recession .
