  i do n't think porn is ` wrong ' per se , but i do get fed up of the ( quite literal ) circlejerk that everyone 's watching it and it 's totally normal . 
  personally i think it 's grotesque . 
  once you actually lose your virginity and realise that porn is in no way indicative of what partnered sex is actually like then i think at that point porn becomes destructive . 
  as you get more and more fixed on porn , the more it influences your own sex life , and porn in almost every way degrades women . 
  i also think that the nature of porn is novel . 
  searching for ` new stuff ' leads to the young plastic mind linking sex with novelty and that can cause serious relationship issues in the future when a person ` gets bored ' of the same 6 sexual positions in two peoples ' partnered sex life , and leads to unnecessary heartache and breakup which could be completely avoided . 
  that 's not just my hair-brained idea ; it is backed up by phd wielding psychologists who study sex in an academic context . 
  i do n't think porn is ` wrong ' , but i think it 's unhealthy . 
  and i take issue with society 's insistence that i am lying to myself because i do n't use it . 
  i honestly do n't feel intimidated by the slippery slope side of things . 
  i think it honestly poses no credible threat . 
  if a political party had their site blocked it would be an outrage and the backlash would have it unblocked in a day . 
  if they blocked islamic extremist content , given the number of young britons going to syria , would that kind of censorship be such a bad thing ? 
   i 'm pro givig `` concerned parents \u2122 '' the ability to block everything that is n't bible.com or what have you , i do n't have a say in how people raise their children and i should n't , it 's not my business . 
  but is this not wilfully withholding information from a child in the free market of ideas , i.e. 
  a form of censorship ? 
  why should a child be able to access hardcore porn in the name of free speech , but not be told about the world it occupies in the name of understanding the world it lives in ? 
  those things seem diametrically opposed - at least to me . 
  it 's also not a hassle to uncheck a box . 
  it 's literally a case of forcing people to look at a dialogue box about parental controls when they set up a new internet connection . 
  that 's all it is . 
  t&c s screens are more intrusive because a ) they actually involve your legal rights , and b ) you have to scroll to the bottom and check a bunch of boxes before clicking ` next ' . 
  that will never happen , and if it did it would be reversed in a heartbeat . 
  the media shitstorm would be immense . 
  i have absolutely no problems with the filter because i 'm confident that the agenda would be set by social media . 
  if a site were blocked that should n't be then public outrage would have it unblocked . 
  nationalism would overflow and the threat to peace would be very real . 
  did not expect to hear a bond song . 
  that does n't even make sense, 
  a slippery slope is a piss poor argument . 
  and your joke adds nothing of value to this discussion . 
  go wank to some porn like a ` grown up ' , you legend of adulthood . 
  let 's wait and see . 
  i am not suggesting that there are n't other solutions . 
  i am simply saying that in the interest of children who are raised by negligent parents the filters are a good idea . 
  there is no maturity in saying that they should be left to the fates with no intervention from us because we feel like playing moral highground on their defunct parents . 
  what kind of citizenship is that ? 
  if you 're in your 30s you should know better . 
  so this is about you not wanting to be stigmatised because touching yourself watching a video of other people having sex is ` normal ' human sexuality ? 
  are you for real ? 
  you 're going to suggest that the greeks , the week of being buggered at the behest of the germans , are currently better for the health of germans on tour than britain in 2006 ? 
  you consider that a fair comparison ? 
  / r/europe likes to tell people why they are wrong to see things differently . 
  go speak german on an athens street corner and let 's see if you make it back to tell us about how germany 's hard-nosed commercials in the third bailout made it easier to safely travel from west to east and vice versa . 
  i dare you . 
  and leave the south the rot for a generation . 
  maybe forever . 
  honestly , it would risk war . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  you rush through that kind of legislation and demand of the common voters across europe to defer to the authority of some shmuck who is nothing but the invention of bureaucrats with already-questionable democratic authority , and you will have mass continent-wide civil unrest for weeks on end - which would resemble civil war . 
  the lisbon treaty was a fudge to get around the democratic will of the people . 
  no one said anything . 
  i honestly ca n't understand how people think a snap political union is the answer to the divisions exposed in the eu . 
  how is this the reasoning of a sane mind ? 
  how is this anything other than the blind belief that the united states of europe is your destiny , as dictated to you by those with vested interests ? 
  the isp filters are n't a problem either . 
  but they 're not false comparisons . 
  simply dishing it off to parents who have no idea what to do is unrealistic , and completely unnecessary . 
  the filters pose no credible threat to other freedoms . 
  unironically : the rampant propaganda ironically : the rampant propaganda, 
  parents have prime responsibility of their children . 
  however , if my child tries to buy porn in a sex shop , society does n't tell me that i have to run across town at the speed of light and knock the dvd out of his hands . 
  we have laws in place so that all in society can benefit . 
  we put failsafes in place . 
  we do n't expect parents to do everything . 
  we have schools to educate children where parents ca n't ( because some can because they 're teachers ) , we have doctors to make them better . 
  there is every reason to suggest that as a society we have a duty to ensure that children are safe , and a part of that is making sure they are not messed up by hardcore porn before they are emotionally and mentally mature enough to process it . 
  i ca n't believe that as a brit i have sit here and lecture a french on the virtues of social solidarity . 
  i ca n't believe this is happening . 
  you have a responsibility to create a world which is safe and healthy for everyone . 
  older teenagers found their way to pornography without tube sites . 
  they will find it if they really want . 
  i do n't care about them . 
  i care about the kid who is sent inappropriate links by a troll or predatory paedophile . 
  and if you think they do n't exist then you need to educate yourself on the facts . 
  quelle fraternit\u00e9 . 
  and the day after la f\u00eate nationale . 
  take a bow . 
  your country salutes you . 
  and in the instances where they do n't you are apparently comfortable with leaving a kid to be messed up by seeing stuff he 's not ready for , and all so you can stay ` free ' ( because apparently you wo n't be if isps create filters ) . 
  what a model human being you are . 
  what compassion . 
  what selflessness in the face of big questions affecting us as a social group . 
  you uncheck a box so that some children might be able to develop into adults at a rate that suits them , without being dragged kicking and screaming into sexual awareness ? 
  nothing is being forced on you . 
  you can easily untick the box when you set up the internet connection . 
  stop making this an ideological demonstration on the importance of free speech . 
  no one cares . 
  they care about kids being able to stay as kids without being screwed up by following links to hot carl midget bestiality bdsm fetish porn . 
  no one cares about the abstract fears about freedom of speech . 
  this is n't reddit under the yishan years . 
  shit is illegal on a regular basis . 
  kids ca n't buy hardcore porn in a sex shop . 
  they ca n't buy skin mags . 
  i ca n't pop a porn dvd into the player at john lewis and have it fire up on all the screens on the shop floor to i can use my personal content to guage screen quality . 
  there is no reason to suggest that cyber space should be a legislation free zone . 
  thanks , college student . 
  i 'm sure parents will learn the ropes in a quick one hour revision session between their jobs , making dinner , doing the laundry , ashing the dishes , keeping the house clean , maintaining a social life , sorting out groceries , managing the family finances , and checking homework is completed . 
  how could we have forgotten that learning to build a whitelist , to say nothing of the time to implement it , is remarkably simple . 
  thank goodness for you , mate .
