  what 's your point ? 
  i do n't remember any commotion about that at all . 
  as in the eu would undo nato ? 
  this man accused the president of the united states of a part-kenyan grudge and compared the eu to the third reich . 
  i 'm sure the world will welcome him to the global community with open arms and take him seriously . 
  they 're not on a par because one deforms far more than the other . 
  mgm is cosmetic . 
  it 's consequences are cosmetic . 
  fgm is n't cosmetic . 
  it completely mutilates and disfigures . 
  this is splitting hairs , but your red pilling is pretty sickening . 
  it 's far worse for girls . 
  we voted to leave so we could run the risk of fighting an eu army , not being part of one . 
  define `` eu army '' . 
  is nato a north atlantic army ? 
  is the un an international army ? 
  it 's just cooperation . 
  it 's not likt they 're going to be running around with eu flags on their arms unable to speak to one another . 
  `` bon sang , connard !, 
  it is possible to be against both , but to argue that they 're on a par is just not accurate in the slightest . 
  yeah i do n't doubt that it does , but why 's he going on about porn ? 
  it 's possible to be opposed to circumcision and want there to be protections for 7 year olds to stop them watching some biker get a blowjob . 
   if the genders were reversed in this situation , you would n't be trying to rationalize cutting off any part of the infant . 
  what a straw man . 
  the difference is that a man can be circumcised and have a perfectly normal life . 
  watch a porno . 
  talk to an american . 
  are you going to try and argue that men without a foreskin ca n't enjoy sex ? 
  or that it causes severe deficiencies ? 
  maybe there are a few cases but most of the time it 's perfectly manageable . 
  on the contrary , fgm can endanger a woman 's life , and does so with alarming frequency . 
  the scar tissue which forms in the genitalia following the lopping off a clitoris can severely constrict the elasticity of a vagina during childbirth and cause tearing so bad that it can end up killing her , and it often does because fgm is carried out in parts of the world where they do n't have the healthcare facilities or skills on hand to stitch the poor woman up quickly enough to save her . 
  if men were circumcised to the same degree as women they 'd have their entire glans chopped off . 
  the foreskin is just a flap of skin . 
  i disagree with the process , but it 's nothing like fgm . 
  the two just are n't comparable . 
  4.5 / 10 pretty weak but i 've heard worse . 
  interesting ... 
  do we ? 
  i mean the whole thing has only brought about the sad realisation that politicians are n't in control of anything . 
  the world is ruled by corporate interests . 
  whatever happens , it will be ceos who decide the quality of our lives . 
  politicians are just there for show it feels like . 
  britain 's integration with europe is n't going to stop at all . 
  there are frequent headlines about 1,000 s of girls who suffered fgm last x period of time or what ever . 
  it goes on a lot . 
   leadsom can we just forget about her ? 
  please ? 
  i hope it 's boris . 
  just to fuck him completely . 
  he 's the biggest europhile in the tory party , and only wanted to be the face of leave for personal ambition reasons . 
  she should offer it to him as the ultimate checkmate . 
  he 'd be finished . 
  please buy lesbos . 
  please . 
  save us all . 
  this is quote a good one . 
  plagiarists made me chuckle . 
  is there a place you can make your own versions of these ? 
  well , when you put it like that , i would honestly prefer it to be done in a part of the world where there is sufficient healthcare infrastructure to cope with the aftermath . 
  in that sense i guess it 's a bit like legalising drugs and using tax money to build safe spaces for people to shoot up . 
  if it 's going to exist you may as well try and manage it effectively . 
  what are you on about ? 
  we should be focusing energy on fgm to be honest . 
  they 're both bad but we 're not doing anywhere near enough about fgm . 
  people need to be locked up for it and the cops should stop turning blind eyes to it . 
  it does n't particularly help that up until very recently america was doing this as a medical procedure . 
  there are literally hundreds of millions of men in the world who have bee circumcised who have very happy and healthy lives . 
  but it should n't be continued . 
  i 'm all for people believing whatever they want to believe , but the line needs to be drawn when it 's harming others . 
  my rights end where your 's being etc. 
  depends how you define democracy . 
  if you think democracy is , ` the mob rules , ' then sure , it 's entirely democratic . 
  if you think democracy is essentially libertarianism and people being able to go their own way with as little interference as possible from the state , then no , banning stuff that minorities do is n't democratic . 
  i 've heard plenty of people talk about how the proliferation of technology is democratising the world further , because , for example , a kid can pick up a camcorder and make a home made movie and get into movie production without having to go through the established routes of study which require money , etc. 
  it 's a pretty fluid term the more you read . 
  that 's the joke . 
  these are the kinds of rapidly growing economies we need to be getting trade deals with now that we 're out of the eu . 
  just join the liberal democrats . 
  that titanic one is flawless . 
  ` genius ' is a relative term when you see what people say in support of brexit in some parts of the country . 
  the eu made us do it . 
  this whole `` ability to negotiate trade agreements '' is such crap . 
  it needs to stop . 
  people have no idea what they 're saying . 
  jokes on you guys . 
  we 're the sixth largest economy . 
  so about another week then . 
  rioters always inflict more damage on themselves than their targets . 
  britain will long live to regret the ` very british ' riot against it 's political establishment at the ballot boxes . 
  it will take years for the realisation to spread to the majority of people . 
  `` left behind '' / s they get nhs funding . 
  it 's true though that dentistry is n't fully covered . 
  it 's heavily subsidised , but not 100 % free at point of use . 
  it will have to be . 
  the uncertainty around the current situation is n't something britain wants to live with forever . 
  `` you have to understand , uk , we 're in bed with the eu and are steering towards joining it . 
  these fantasies of other countries following you out are ... well ... good luck . 
  we 'll call you . '', 
  i ca n't believe what i 've just read .
