  i love lamp, 
  immigration painted as increasingly dangerous and overall bad . 
  cries for pr . 
  4 million votes for ukip . 
  this ends well , right guys ? 
  guys ? 
  is this good or bad for beggars ? 
  you 're my only hope . 
  because the police wo n't do anything . 
  get rich and live in an area where gypsies are n't a problem . 
  could it be ? 
  but who 's fault is that ? 
  too big to fall . 
  you 've just discovered a comet ! '', 
  `` nooooooooooooooooo ! '', 
  is there a source video for this ? 
    rediculus  rediculus was an ancient roman divinity . 
  he had a temple near the porta capena , as well as a campus sacred to him on the appian way . 
  til, 
  because this is what the european project looks like in reality . 
  it 's not all flags fluttering in a cool breeze on a warm day . 
  93 years old . 
  what a run . 
  i 'm jealous . 
  so does that mean that more wealth is moving around ? 
   data collected by gabriel stein at oxford economics shows that ` narrow ' m1 money in the eurozone has been growing at a rate of 16.2 pc ( annualized ) over the last six months . 
  you do not have to be monetarist expert to see the glaring anomaly . 
  does austria have really good economists or something ? 
  yip, 
  i do n't think you know what rhyming slang is . 
  spain 's immigration numbers . 
  and we all know what goes on the left . 
  a line by line breakdown of my post . 
  and to kick it all off , something which looks like a cross between an accusation of ad hominem attacks and playing the victim . 
  this is just the best day ever . 
  do you know what justify means ? 
  to make just . 
  to make no longer unjust . 
  to make something not illegal , basically . 
  so your assertion that decriminalising it is n't an attempt to justify it is flatly false . 
  and that 's not semantics . 
  you 're reasoning is completely flawed . 
  there is no good reason to decriminalise piracy . 
  none . 
  none exist . 
  there are no good reasons . 
  the only reason that exists is the standard call of the young and poor ; ` but i want it . ', 
  this is n't about legal and illegal . 
  this is n't about moral but illegal or immoral and illegal . 
  the letter of the law is not getting in the way of progress in this instance . 
  piracy laws are there to make sure that producers get what is their due . 
  they are fair . 
  how is it fair that a media producer does n't get what is owed them for their work ? 
  you 've done nothing to offend me . 
  i just ca n't believe that people are attempting to justify illegal behaviour on the grounds that they find it moral ( in fact no , scratch that ; i can believe it - i just find it deplorable and it is a reddit trope which grates with inconsistencies ) , and using that as a means of saying that it 's completely ok . none of your arguments have paid even the slightest respect to the producers of the media in question , and instead you 've focused on distribution . 
  because apparently that 's what matters . 
  when we both know it 's not . 
  if you were a musician and your stuff was being spread around with no regard for copyright you 'd be pissed . 
  yet you and millions of other redditeurs refuse to demonstrate basic human empathy . 
  instead paying for something is seen as ` voting with your wallet ' and ` showing support ' , instead of even the rudiments of ` paying for stuff because it 's the moral thing to do . ', 
  rather than engage with a market you 'd rather subvert it because you feel you 're entitled to do it . 
  what about ipr ? 
  what if you made a string of code to use with a raspberry pi and it was bootlegged and distributed around the internet for free when you 'd planned on patenting it and selling it ? 
  same principle . 
  you 're iprs are being undermined . 
  yet there is no hesitancy to pirate other people 's stuff , because ` it 's over priced , ' or ` fuck drm because the internet said so , ' or any of the other myriad arguments used to justify what is , at the bottom line , petty theft . 
  0 to godwin in 4 comments . 
  impressive . 
  also , do n't think your arguments are worthy of response . 
  the dancing game of redditeurs to try and make piracy completely ok is what 's hilarious . 
  if you want to do it go ahead , i honestly do n't care , but do n't sit there and try and say there 's nothing controversial about it because it 's completely justifiable . 
  just admit to being a dick . 
  i did n't know logic and the assertion that morality is subjective as a smoke and mirrors attempt to deflect criticism were common bedfellows . 
  but then you are trying to justify criminal behaviour . 
   also uk people 's support for staying in the eu has been rising for years , we want to stay in the eu as-is  we want to stay in the eu as-is  as-is who wants to tell him ? 
  and it worked . 
  most ukip votes were allegedly poor left-wing nationalists . 
  lol amazing, 
  so basically immoral behaviour is totally justifiable if the seller has n't made it easy for you ? 
  stealing 's ok if i feel like it , guise !, 
  if you have n't made it easy for me then immoral behaviour is totally justifiable !, 
  if i am a musician and i sell my cds , and you steal one of them from the shops , i have lost the value of one cd . 
  if i am a musician and i sell my cds , and you copy someone else 's cd , i have lost the value of one cd in missed sales . 
  the ultimate outcome is the same : i , as the producer of the cd , am robbed of what i am due . 
   it 's piracy , it 's not stealing . 
  semantics , and pretty pathetic semantics at that . 
  the ultimate outcome is the same : the producer is robbed of what they 're due . 
   the grauniad, 
   britain likes this, 
  holy surprise anti-islam circlejerk , batman !, 
  i dunno , you know . 
  i think it 'll be pretty bloody close . 
  all the standard arguments for staying in can be easily debunked or met with a counter-argument which is as equally valid a claim . 
  it 'll all come down to business vs. immigration . 
  and if the eu gives britain the bird by showing not even the slightest ability or desire to care about the situation we have with population density and strains on public services , then i think britain will give europe the bird in return and leave . 
  aim for the eye . 
  continue the traditions of our fathers . 
   from outside, 
  obama also wants us to sign ttip and not criticise his use of drone strikes . 
  lol,
