  the single major take home fact of world war ii was that an enlightened democracy went fucking insane and embraced unspeakable evil , and that it happened in a way which was incremental and unnoticed until it was too late . 
  in other words , people can lull themselves into a false sense of security and adopt tyrannical politics and it wo n't even be imposed on them forcefully . 
  people can adopt tyranny all by themselves . 
  but fuck that shit . 
   is n't it like how it works everywhere ? 
  you should travel more . 
  there is no country on earth as patriotic as france except for america . 
  this subreddit will pass the lube around pretty fast when murikkkan national pride is mentioned , but there is no country in europe as nationalistic and up it 's own arse as france . 
  the fighter jets on 14th july , the french flags hanging outside every building operated by the state ( including children 's schools and creches ) , the danone law [ seriously , fuck you so much for that one ] . 
  you 've even got the thug-like gendarmerie that everyone is scared of , and the famases on display everywhere on your public transport sneering at commuters in a reverse triangle formation . 
  and now you 're heralding the freedom of restrictive dress codes as being good for you ? 
  they 're not good for you , they 're good for the state , and the fact that you uphold such measures is stupefying to me . 
  absolutely unbelievable . 
  if you want to be free to wear that you have to let other people be free to wear a headscarf . 
  otherwise you are a hypocrite . 
  as human beings we actually do anything but strive to be part of the group . 
  we define ourselves in the abstract . 
  https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;ei=j5f7uuxxk-kv7ab34od4da&amp;url=http://projects.chass.utoronto.ca/semiotics/cyber/douglas1.pdf&amp;cd=3&amp;ved=0cdyqfjac&amp;usg=afqjcne7_pjz8jz2ku4fcfwu8ix65gxc9g&amp;sig2=uitely8hul1oxblx0tdnqg that means we look at competing cultures and define ourselves by recognising what we dislike about a culture . 
  kind of like a liberal englishman looking at france and wondering how , in the ashes of a war against fascism , the fifth republic arose to position itself as a social order to which all must swear fealty or fuck off . 
  did you learn nothing ? 
  the problem with that nice little shpeel is that it highlights how rarely the door swings the other way . 
  the left cry that religious symbols are offensive and people are forced to take them off . 
  ` the burqua offends me , ' and it comes packaged with some bullshit argument about security ( because shrieking about national security is somehow a valid argument when the left use it ) and suddenly religious people are being told what to do . 
  but the underlying argument , which is so obvious it hurts , is that religion offends irreligious people . 
  if stephen fry ( o fount of knowledge and perfection ) had made an argument about how using offence in an emotional outcry does n't count as a meaningful way of having a debate , then i could agree with him . 
  but instead he just demonises the concept of being offended , because fuck the human condition . 
  long live stem majors , logic and robots . 
  it also demonstrates how weak your argument really is if you go straight for the word `` offends '' like a monkey reaching for a banana . 
   now it would be hard to argue against the fact that showing off religious signs create a `` you are ( not ) one of us '' feeling that goes against the ideal of fraternity . 
  it 's actually very easy to argue against that . 
  a society in which diversity is curbed is a bleak and depressing one , and furthermore plurality engenders progress . 
  difference and variety should be celebrated , not hindered by state regulation . 
  in the free market of ideas and expression the barriers should always be as low as possible . 
  and if you really think that `` us against them '' is awful then what do you say to other forms of jewellery ? 
  should fads be stamped out ? 
  do we say which colours people can wear in public ? 
  surely the bloods and the crips demonstrate that zealous adherence to what colours one chooses to wear damages social contracts , so let 's ban colours . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  oh i know ; no head scarves or crucifixes . 
  because . 
  ... that is all . 
   though it would be very inconsistent to find them guilty of anything while our public institution share the same rules . 
  yes and of course if the public institutions are doing it then it must be ok . 
  they ca n't possibly be wrong . 
  seriously , france is so authoritarian and intolerant it is honestly terrifying . 
  please stop considering yourselves a developed , progressive nation devoted to the cause of human rights . 
  you are giving that up a little bit more with each passing day . 
  that website design is really bad . 
  i really ca n't get behind this aggressive/authoritarian secularism . 
  if someone told me to take off a signet ring or a crucifix around my neck ( i wear neither ) i 'd be offended . 
  what next ? 
  we ban wedding rings because it 's offensive to cohabiting partners who believe that marriage is a misogynistic institution based on gender-inequality , and therefore by banning wedding rings we are saying ` no ' to such inequality ? 
  people should be free to wear what they want . 
  if they want to wear a crucifix or a turban or a head scarf they should be at liberty to do so . 
  but offering up your freedoms and liberty in what you wear is no different in my mind to offering up your freedoms to privacy . 
  the fundamental issue is control , and any government 's -- and private employers ' for that matter -- limits on control should be curbed . 
  the balance of power should always be in the individual 's favour . 
  but to speak plainly to the issue in the article , i see this ` secularism charter ' as an infringement of workers ' rights . 
  eu lefty slams uk tory mep as being populist : / r/europe blows it 's load all over its face north american accuses of / r/europe of being populist : fak u + ur trolign, 
  was n't really a criticism of you . 
  just pointing out what she said . 
   `` f ... . europe ! '' such were the words used in kiev , ukraine by victoria nuland , the us assistant secretary of state for europe . 
  i thought she said `` f. ... the eu ! '', 
  to use the format of the article . 
  what do you mean ' * used to * ' ? 
  and construct a grammatically correct sentence on / r/europe . 
  again ? 
  damn . 
  busted . 
  see the problem with your line of thinking is that you assume that because you have seen some shit during the course of your life ( and let 's leave aside the patronising assumption that i have n't ) that that means that your opinion is better than mine by some kind of divine right . 
  should we start ignoring everything said by anyone born to married parents and who as a child played in a moderately sized garden behind the house ? 
  see if my heart rate deviates from the norm . 
  i guess at the end of the day you 're right . 
  you do have to live with the stress of russian tanks rolling down the street claiming ownership of your life . 
  i will go to sleep in my comfy , comfy bed . 
  peace out . 
  but if you 're honestly going to call in a favour from the americans on this one because you ca n't take care of it yourselves then please do n't participate in another ` murica jerk again . 
  it would cheapen your gratitude and your character . 
   in the last few months talk about late to the party . 
  if you honestly think soft power can fix ukraine them you are a fool . 
  the ukrainians need to depose their president and do it alone . 
  diplomats pulling strings is exactly what we should moving away from , not embracing as if is the solution to all ills . 
  or do you honestly think one opaque cabal is better than another , and that transparent democracy is a fools errand ? 
  an american who has forgotten the role civil disobedience , dissension and insurrection can break the shackles of tyranny ? 
  i thought that was your power play when talking to british people . 
  for allowing a country to determine it 's own destiny and for the democratic process to run its course ? 
  i know . 
  so un-american . 
  what nerve . 
  what flagrant arrogance . 
  fuck the eu . 
  fuck democracy and self-determination for that matter . 
  u-s-a !, 
  u-s-a !, 
  u-s-a !, 
  u-s-a !, 
  it exists but it is very small . 
  any one caught believing it is mocked senseless . 
  any one caught teaching it to kids is threatened with child abuse . 
  oh wait that last sentence is from 2016 .
