  i know a lot of french people are angry , but are they stupid enough to vote for this ? 
  in other words , can she win ? 
  what problems would that path create ? 
  some time ago the germans gave jewish communities everywhere the ultimate trump card . 
  i like your style, 
  i am a victim of prejudice, 
  very good, 
  it is technically a cock . 
  for example the main water valve controlling water flow to/from a house might be called a `` stopcock '' . 
  i wonder if this will make consoles cheaper . 
  it 's that time of the year when little baby godwin cries in his manger like a precious little dick . 
  by this stage i 'm surprised his wife is n't a pillar of salt for turning back and reading a book on world war two . 
  exactly . 
  brexit was voted for by those who can afford to lose and those with nothing to lose . 
  millennials are broke . 
  i mean broke . 
  they all live hand to mouth and virtually none of them save . 
  and that 's just one generation . 
  he wo n't make it to round 2 . 
  those figures are pretty good . 
  recently 52 % of those polled believed in conspiracy theories that muslims were coming for our public services and way of life . 
  yes . 
  almost . 
  as in not quite . 
  so centre left . 
  it worked so well last time . 
  you 're saying europe has need of financial services ? 
  centre left is new labour . 
  do you just mean the left ? 
  there left have nothing to offer in a post scarcity economy where everyone works and had a good standard of living . 
  they wo n't be relevant for a few years when talk of universal basic income ( which i support at present ) becomes needed , not just interesting . 
  nope, 
  it would also have meant that legislation agreed in brussels or the european council could have been pushed through very quickly . 
  it strengthened the power of the state and made it more opaque which is the opposite of what reforms should do . 
  fact checking does n't win elections . 
  emotions do . 
  that 's the problem with fake news . 
  you have the most famous strikes in the world . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  but what kind . 
  i thought that was france . 
  ah those emotional responses . 
  just think of all the british people who thought ` having our cake and eating it ' meant the welfare state and the nhs and not the tories spying on their every word . 
  the poor sods . 
  the answer is saskatchewan . 
  what can possibly go wrong in saskatchewan . 
  rising food prices catalysed the french revolution iirc . 
  you 've got a real talent . 
  good for you . 
  do you get to use this in your employment ? 
  i agree . 
  this country is deluded . 
  \\ #wearealllatvia, 
  no they should n't . 
  the british public consistently poll in favour of the death penalty . 
  should we bring that back ? 
  bravo . 
  bravo . 
  oh good . 
  the classic argument that europe is a continent not a civic body . 
  just like how canada and venezuela are in america . 
  europe will become synonymous with the eu . 
  it 's already started . 
  enjoy trying to turn that river upstream . 
  yeah but berlusconi was pretty harmless to non-italians and firmly on the eu leash so we just laughed at the absurdity of his antics . 
  britain is now a loose cannon that could do some damage . 
  c - can we still hang out ? 
  oh thank god, 
  he 's shit stirring . 
  he enjoys it . 
  his attitude to europe is a shining example of the attitudes of south eastern middle class conservatives . 
  there are many like him . 
  but people like italians . 
  just think ; british people are so braindead that they will one day elect this man as their pm . 
  that 's the churchill factor ^ tm for you . 
  where are you now , boris johnson ? 
  capitale de no\u00ebl, 
  i 'd take him back . 
  i do enjoy his debt write off rants . 
  that subreddit is insane . 
  i 'm only there fore the shitposts . 
   i 'd prefer to use nationalist than ` right wing ' since the latter is an economic position as much as a social one and i did n't hear him saying much about the free market are you special ? 
  i think you 're underestimating the power of the internet there, 
  i wanted brexit to not be the story of the next four years , but not like this . 
  sounds complicated . 
  better close the boarders and double down on quick fixes . 
  history wins the last laugh . 
  not everywhere . 
  we are naturally moving towards a subscription based form of consumerism . 
  subscriptions for everything are the norm now . 
  subscriptions for tv and films , subscriptions for music , subscriptions for all your classic household bills . 
  $ 12/year for a twitter account will roll of people 's backs . 
  they wo n't care . 
  time 's are changing , and applying a 1990s interpretation of consumer habits to twitter is brain-dead . 
  you are wrong . 
  $ 1 is nothing , and there is n't a better alternative . 
  even if there were it would n't be viable financially as twitter has proved . 
  people would pay $ 1/month . 
  i think it 's time to accept that the only politicians in europe who are on the same level as the current generation of republicans are the likes of wilders and le pen . 
  it 'll go subscription soon enough .
