  people like stories . 
  they also need to make it clear what ca n't be achieved outside of the eu . 
  i got one last night . 
  i will get downvoted , but it was one of the few things i 've read so far that actually deals with facts rather than delusional sophistry like , ` we 'll get a free trade deal because they need us , ' and it makes reasonable arguments about what would be put at risk if we left . 
  at one point it lists the major sectors which export to the eu , and lists the total number of jobs in that sector as well as the percentage of exports going to the eu . 
  it 's not without criticisms but it 's hardly the propaganda people are claiming it is . 
  if this is propaganda then the world has lost it 's political erection . 
  the pamphlet is so tepid it 's not even ` subtle ' propaganda . 
  it 's just a fairly middling argument on the scale of bad-to-good arguments . 
  i really do n't see what the fuss is about . 
  if people wanted something else then vote for someone else . 
  but the tories got the votes and so they 'll enjoy the perks of that . 
  did you recycle ? 
  i do n't see how that answers the question . 
  do you think that the eu will capitulate and give us everything we want , when they have their own agenda and points to score in the negotiations ? 
  we wo n't get away with free access without paying fees and allowing free movement of labour . 
  you think we 're going to swan into a free trade deal when the eu has to send a message that dissent is n't taken lightly ? 
  there will be plenty of people who will try and get a kicking it while we 're down . 
  it 's human instinct . 
  and we will be down for quite some time . 
  but what about the impact on driving accidents and school children 's geography results ? 
  without preservatives food goes bad . 
  many preservatives and methods make the food taste horrific . 
  sugar makes it palatable . 
  boy i 'm glad we have folks like you who cast a simple sentence and resolve the question in the article . 
  have some karma . 
  i 'd like to check you 've got two bollocks . 
  can i have a grope ? 
  i 'm just checking something . 
  do you understand relationships ? 
  in what world is it a win to offend your partner by saying , ' i do n't trust you ' ? 
  if you are with a woman which causes you to ask that question you are not with the right woman . 
  and then the culture changes as a new generation arise and the culture adapts according to the influence of the people actually living it . 
  fascinating . 
  who would have thought that culture is an organic byproduct , and not a master demaning respect by serving humans ? 
  maybe this is why people hate the english . 
  because we 're the result of ancient multi-culturalism . 
  but this fervid racism is interesting to watch . 
  it 's like mohammed ali talking about interracial marriage being wrong because it waters down culture and identity . 
  as if mixing cultures is somehow wrong . 
  indeed . 
  the current refugee crisis is just the warm up act . 
  that 's only one law firm though , right ? 
  [ there are times when i love the bbc ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eihz3vd.png ), 
  please freeze his assets . 
  please freeze his assets . 
  please freeze his assets . 
  please freeze his assets . 
  ' i can do that , right ? 
  it says here in this book that i can do that . 
  look , it 's a technicality , but i 'm good with technicalities . 
  this is all legal . 
  i can do this . ', 
  the first domino falls . 
  revolution , brothers !, 
  oh man the implications . 
  the implications !, 
  do n't be homophobic !, 
  be misogynistic instead !, 
  lol u r funee, 
   colonialism takes two . 
  yeah because enlightenment . 
  where is the freedom and the freeness ? 
  where is the face that was exposed ? 
  they have passed like mutual economic growth between the germans and the greeks , like wind in the meadow . 
  the days have gone down in the west behind the hills into shadow . 
  how did it come to this ? 
  a headscarf is not a burqa . 
  it 's a headscarf . 
  it is literally a silk scarf that you wrap around your head , like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wahckrr.png ) or like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kjftpox.png ) . 
  it is completely and utterly benign . 
  cynicism is not basis for a life worth living . 
  we vote for established parties which are just big boy clubs full of career electioneers . 
  but we should n't . 
  we still have a duty of care to our fellow man . 
  i agree that there are many economic migrants who are using the refugee crisis as a means of bypassing legal channels that should be respected - the water is very muddy . 
  but the refugees are there to see , and they deserve to be supported . 
  this experience does n't define them , but how we react will define us . 
  this is iceland 's , `` i did not have sexual relations with that woman , '' moment , but less scandalous , and the money-soaked pm using cigars for their intended purpose . 
  ok so what did the snowden leak change for the common man ? 
  which mega corporate to make richer ? 
  overpopulation is still a factor , even if we taxed all this hidden money . 
  there 's only so much land we can develop . 
  what did the snowden leak change ? 
  people do n't think it 's a conspiracy theory , they 're just right wing and think taxes are wrong anyway . 
  and if you think concerns over brexit would wash away if they realised that it was because there 's lots of money they 'll never see anyway locked up somewhere then i do n't know what to think . 
  your analysis is completely wrong . 
  i do n't think this is as big as people are suggesting . 
  we all thought the end of the world was upon us with the crash 2008 , but everyone walked away . 
  this will change nothing . 
  maybe a few resignations , but nothing else . 
  my question is why are mf doing this ? 
  why release this data with a statement that they regret wrong doing , and with a disclaimer that they always make sure the off shores are ` clean ' ? 
  a whistleblower would n't provide that statement . 
  this is a data dump . 
  why are they doing this ? 
  i think the answer to that links up with , ' who is n't implicated ? ', 
  there 's more to this than what the first sensationalist headline declares . 
  you think they 're going to take his football boots away and lock him up ? 
  he 's the most lauded footballer of a generation .
