  you taught the rest of us well . 
  not jewish enough . 
  it 'll be energy bars . 
  history will long remember the mars bar party . 
   this idea that american english is somehow closer to middle english than modern british english was made up by a bunch of americans in one of the other subreddits a few years ago . 
  you 're giving reddit far too much credit here . 
  have you lived abroad ? 
  you think a federal europe wo n't include a new flag ? 
  a new anthem ? 
  a new system of government ? 
  you think ` federal eu law ' wo n't bring with it an entire overhaul of the ways of life of all the smaller countries and cultures within europe ? 
  that just seems like a daft thing to say , and only skirts around the issue . 
  the fact is that in britain we 're all pretty much libertarian at heart . 
  that means that the government can fuck off and keep there noses out . 
  take a look at our political history and you 'll see that all the back to the magna carta . 
  the idea that political elitists should dictate to us how our society and culture should go from now on is a heresy to most of us . 
  culture and society should be a free market of ideas where the prevailing mentality/ideas take root and win by natural and independent adoption . 
  there are some things which the eu does to facilitate this . 
  moving toward federalism where we have to start taking orders from people who 've never lived in our society and have no appreciation for the nuances of our culture seems stupid and daft . 
  laughable even . 
  from my perspective it 's best to set up free trade zones and let free individuals do the work of integration themselves . 
  this takes generations , not decades . 
  what the eu are trying to do is force generations of natural cultural evolution onto the people of europe in a matter of years . 
  it 's too much too fast . 
  just facilitate freedom and let people do what they want , but forcing people to consider a new identity when they do n't really want to is abhorrent and reeks of tyranny in the interest of a political class which seek their own interests . 
  ` no , *** you *** get out ! ', 
  glad to see the federalists are being grown up about this . 
  maybe der speigel should be a bit more broad in it 's analysis and recognise that the french are pissed off with the eu as well . 
  that 's two of the big three . 
  or are they going to belligerently assume that there is no mandate for ( or even a need for reasoned thought and debate on ) reform ? 
  i dare say that some of this is major pr given that a lot of european people are pissed about the mass surveillance . 
  it 's not going to sweep everything under the rug but it 'll sweeten things a bit . 
  subsidy is just a way of saying ` less free stuff ' . 
  but it 's still free . 
  on the plus side , we 've just added $ 1bn of value to our military spending for doing nothing , to say nothing of unreported efficiencies and ripple effect value add . 
  i should just move to france . 
  seriously . 
  paid to keep fit , save on petrol and be given your lunch money free of charge . 
  factoring in gym membership , lunch budget and petrol that 's like # 150/month saved , easily . 
  we are a select bunch , i will admit . 
  not as low as france 's employment figures . 
  because painting yourselves in bright purple and yellow woad and throwing sticks at brussels is in vogue . 
  get with the program , op . 
  one of the things i 'm most pissed at david cameron for is leaving the epp to join with homophobes and zealots . 
  given the way the eu subsidises fishing off the coast of africa , i 'm surprised the fish want to leave the eu . 
   heavy rains flooded a river ( photo ) . 
  girl , 6 years , fell into it . 
  the stream dragged her away several hundred meters . 
  : o  someone spotted the body :(  jumped into the water , got her out and resuscitated her . 
  they should have coloured cocaine white . 
  everything about this is just great . 
  * ~ francois hollande *, 
  i do n't think he 'll do well in the generals simply because if you 're a ukip voter you would have definitely voted in the european elections . 
  that means that of the extra 30-35 % of the electorate who will show up for the generals next year , very few if any will be ukipers . 
  finally someone who speaks my language . 
  this article was headshot after headshot . 
  amazing reading . 
  you mean an lse history professor is n't credible ? 
  not # 100 serious . 
  hahahahaha, 
  i do n't have that many btc . 
  i do n't know how much it is . 
  like 50p maybe ? 
  i can send it to you over reddit . 
  you 'll then have to move it to an off reddit btc account and then wait for it to become valuable enough to find a cash buyer . 
  but i promise i 'll honour the bet . 
  i have been on the internet long enough to know that i wo n't trust anyone i meet on the internet . 
  no offence . 
  it 's honestly not personal . 
  but i do have btc and will honour the bet because i am a man of my word . 
  you think i 'm going to give my bank details to a pseudonym on reddit ? 
  lol let it go , mate . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  given that we 'll never be able to exchange real money i 'll bet you one hundred billion dollars . 
  ok . then you educate him about how the london riots have fuck all to do with immigration given that a lot of kids involved in it were white , and pander to his myopic dickheadedness in thinking that his stance that immigration is responsible for the death of lee rigby deserves even the time of day . 
  i mean , surely a fiscal conservative like yourself should be able to explain that it 's the middle-aged white male political class that is pushing a capitalist system which has , of necessity , structural unemployment as an underpinning factor , so if anything , educated white people are responsible for unemployment , not foreign brown people here to take advantage and get a better life for themselves . 
  but no . 
  you sit there and deride me as an elitist prick for doing the same thing to another guy . 
  anyone who thinks ukip just want ` to give britain back to the people ' and then leave is kidding themselves . 
  i do n't even know how to respond to that level of ignorance . 
  0.001 btc says farage will renege and join the fn . 
  it all goes really well until the french guys turn up with the wrong trains . 
  immigration is only a problem if there are n't enough jobs and infrastructure . 
  if you have enough infrastructure and enough jobs and people are still complaining about immigration then they 're just a bunch of racists or think white people are just better . 
  first country, 
  what is this post actually going to achieve ? 
  does op want a ` there there , precious snowflake , we 'll validate you ' ? 
  slacktivism at its finest . 
  ' i want that country back . 
  here 's a picture of a coin . ', 
  i 'm pro-eu , but this post is such fucking bullshit it 's embarrassing . 
  we still have to get through 5 years with a giant anti-eu bloc in the ep . 
  my feelings !, 
   humour i appreciate you 've been running around with that american since the 1700s but we have more history . 
  i need another pencil !, 
  weekends are for me . 
  it 's bad enough having to waste 2 hours buying the week 's food with and extra 30 minutes hovering around the car park . 
  i can vote after work and keep my weekends thanks . 
  the polls do n't close till 10 anyway so the only people who ca n't get the polling station are the late working stiffs , and who needs their opinion ? 
  dear europe , whatever happens today , please know that there are still many of us in the uk who love europe and want to stay in the eu .
