  wyre , from his work with sex offenders , says , `` it is impossible not to believe pornography plays a part in sexual violence . 
  as we constantly confront sex offenders about their behaviour , they display a wide range of distorted views that they then use to excuse their behaviour , justify their actions , blame the victim and minimise the effect of their offending . 
  they seek to make their own behaviour seem normal , and interpret the behaviour of the victim as consent , rather than a survival strategy . 
  pornography legitimises these views . '', 
   one of the most extreme examples of this is ted bundy , the us serial sexual murderer executed for his crimes in january 1989 . 
  the night before his death , he explained his addiction to pornography in a radio interview : `` it happened in stages , gradually ... my experience with ... pornography that deals on a violent level with sexuality is that , once you become addicted to it , and i look at this as a kind of addiction like other kinds of addiction , i would keep looking for more potent , more explicit , more graphic kinds of material . 
  like an addiction , you keep craving something which is harder , harder , something which gives you a greater sense of excitement , until you reach the point where the pornography only goes so far ... 
  it reaches that jumping-off point where you begin to wonder if , maybe , actually doing it will give you that which is beyond just reading about it or looking at it . '', 
   bundy , as damaged as he was , stopped short of blaming pornography for his actions , though it was , he believed , an intrinsic part of the picture . 
  `` i tell you that i am not blaming pornography ... 
  i take full responsibility for whatever i 've done and all the things i 've done ... 
  i do n't want to infer that i was some helpless kind of victim . 
  and yet we 're talking about an influence that is the influence of violent types of media and violent pornography , which was an indispensable link in the chain ... of events that led to behaviours , to the assaults , to the murders . '', 
  in the understated words of wyre , `` the very least pornography does is make sexism sexy . '', 
  admittedly the link is debated , but simply saying , in some kind of pseudo-intellectual , armchair-scientist way , `` well where is your evidence ? 
  i see no evidence . 
  therefore you are wrong , '' is just burying your head in the sand . 
  there is evidence , but some people refuse to accept qualitative evidence because there are no stats to ` back it up ' . 
  it still blows my mind that in the information age there are so many people who insist on living the lie that information does not shape society and human interaction . 
  anyone who hears the phrase `` the darkest corners of the internet '' and does n't think of dead bodies or real war photography or child abuse or actual rape footage on the deep web needs to stop pretending they know a lot about the internet because they know who anonymous are and where they hang out . 
  my favourite part of this news story in / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics recently was how david cameron was vilified to an extent which went above and beyond the typical call of duty while labour got * carte blanche * . 
  it was embarrassing . 
   how do you still not think * the problem lies in society 's acceptance of boys being able to influence the bodily preferences of girls * ? 
   it 's the culture , not the pornography made for consenting adults . 
  do you not see how porn might be affecting culture ? 
  and do you honestly think that information sources do n't shape the impressionable minds of young people ? 
  were you born yesterday ? 
  i 'm honestly shocked that you would assume that the ubiquity of porn is n't altering culture in an equally ubiquitous way . 
  and your anecdotal evidence was n't even anecdotal evidence . 
  it was a hypothetical . 
  i do n't think it 's that . 
  the reality is that porn is more ubiquitous than it has ever been and it is now integrated into our society like never before . 
  to ignore such a cultural change and assume that things will keep plodding along with now change in our society is just naive . 
  it should be addressed on a policy level . 
  as for the protecting kids part , i completely agree with protecting children . 
  there was an article in that enemy of human dignity , the daily mail , where the former editor of loaded magazine recounts his conversations with teenagers about their porn use , and if you have the intellectual honesty and integrity to ignore the vehicle and focus on the message , it 's actually incredibly harrowing to hear young boys saying that they expect their teenage girlfriends to be clean shaven because pubic hair is gross . 
  the is growing evidence that online porn is messing up kids ' sexuality before they are able to discover it for themselves through experimentation and just following their impulse to kiss someone and work out the rest from there , like a lot of people did . 
  i do n't agree with a blanket ban , and i 'm skeptical about bans at the isp level , but an opt-in filter makes a lot of sense to me . 
  parental controls are pretty weak these days and most parents are quite clueless as to ( a ) internet security , ( b ) the changes in the porn industry ( i.e. 
  it is shockingly more violent and aggressive than most dads remember when they used to look at boobs and some woman spread over a haybale ) , and ( c ) just how easy it is to access porn on the internet . 
  the debate is important . 
  most other countries do n't need it , however , because they 're good at being parents and have a good approach to sexuality . 
  in britain , however , we 're fucking dire at both . 
  go organic : do n't use a toy . 
  not as policy . 
  i 've been sitting down to pee for 9 years now . 
  i 'm never going back . 
  two years late ? 
  i was n't aware there was a supposed time frame . 
  i have you res tagged as `` secretly french '' . 
  this guy said austerity would crush the uk and we are now entering steady growth . 
  if this guy is saying that france is fine then i 'm worried for france . 
  booo, 
  bring money . 
  lot 's of money . 
  it 's creepy how the bible will have actually called that one . 
  albeit randomly . 
  there is a part of me that think 's ` fine , let 's go ; enough sabre rattling and let 's do this , ' but that 's not a solution at all . 
  happy armistice day , everyone . 
  in a statistical feat rivalling the alignment of sol 's planets , or aston villa winning the champion 's league , the only three humans alive to have had a pleasant experience talking to parisians have congregated in a single thread on reddit.com, 
   jacques chirac is such a funny name they had to add an ` e ' onto vladamir putin 's surname because putin in french sounds like * putain * ( whore ) . 
  so now they say * puteeen * . 
  but the french invented raclette dammit, 
   a pain au chocolat is called a chocolatine in some parts of france ( and in those parts a pain au chocolat is something slightly different ) pain au chocolat = made with butter chocolatine = made with margarine so goes the myth . 
  it 's still 0,90 $ most places . 
  even in paris . 
  i love france . 
  love . 
  france . 
  if prices came down it would break the spell of believing that property is a safe investment with a constant ror . 
  if prices fluctuated it might lead to lower rates . 
  and is there any reason a home should cost that much , be it mortgage or rent ? 
  people need places to live . 
  i really ca n't stand the property market in this country . 
  it has reached a horrific level . 
  no one mentioned brown people but you . 
  we were just having a pleasant conversation about migration . 
  you think the term ` racist ' is a buzzword to stop people thinking for themselves ? 
  i was referring to the islamophobia . 
  this principle is exactly why you get houses in handsworth , birmingham ( not the kind of area i want to live , if i 'm very frank ) costing millions of pounds . 
  several families will share a household meaning that combined they can afford to pay more . 
  you 're like a daily mail reader . 
  i did n't say that at all . 
  i just find it a stretch to say that it 's ` heartwarming ' . 
  it carries an atmosphere about it that sounds like people living in constitutional monarchies are oppressed and have no hope of salvation . 
  but is really fair to say that it 's ` heartwarming ' that countries are republics now , given how some of those countries became republics ? 
  is executing children in a russian palace your idea of necessary evils in the name of the greater good or something ? 
  killjoy, 
  in church you 're not even allowed to wear a hat when you pray . 
  god hates fedoras . 
  what a fundie . 
  same reason they have legalised weed and masturbation on the beach : they are perfect . 
  i 'd really like a fully comprehensive perspective on how this system works and what they actually gather and use . 
  so far all i 've read is `` there 's a fat analyst reading your sexts while eating a pizza at a messy desk , like jack black in enemy of the state . 
  this is an outrage . '', 
  this guy is so going to be the democratic nominee in three years time . 
  ### ** fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !,
