  we 'll see who 's laughing when they start setting off rucksack bombs in chatlets and notre dame at the height of tourist season . 
  it wo n't be me . 
  late 90s back when i was good at football for my age , before everyone got mysteriously better over one summer and could do rainbows and roulettes seemingly out of no where . 
  the three major bodies have changed slightly since the lisbon treaty but the gist was the same . 
  they 'll flip the switch to off eventually . 
  nothing will change though . 
  famas rifles are already a daily sight on the m\u00e9tro . 
  have been for years . 
  euro 2016 is going to be relentless . 
  i got a grainy black and white photocopy explaining it . 
  back when jpeg artefacts were the photocopy of the photocopy of the photocopy , because the original book had been lost under a pile of resources in the staff room . 
  i lost it the next day in the tirade of other handouts . 
  to be fair , no one has ever taken pse seriously . 
  it was hard to read . 
  i managed to understand the roles of the council , the commission and the parliament . 
  i remember being offended by the pr system for electing meps , but have since come to see the merit of canning fptp . 
  it started a discussion about the destiny of the eu , and a use . 
  some people liked the idea , others did n't really understand it . 
  then we all went outside and argued about who was going in goal . 
  i scored twice . 
  yeah i 'd like a copy of jugs . 
  russia also likes the idea of brexit . 
  can you represent me against my insurance company please ? 
  gushing granny should have won . 
  i watched it for 40 seconds waiting for the loop . 
  he said cut . 
  he said cut vat . 
  and what you 've just said means that we can reduce vat from 20 % if we wish . 
  you got a link to that law ? 
   if that sounds a lot , consider that it works out as 26 pence per person per day -- half the price of a mars bar . 
  i take it the author lives north of the watford gap . 
  i liked the part where daniel hannan repeated an embarrassing lie on national television by saying that we ca n't cut vat because of eu law , despite the fact that labour cut vat from 17.5 % to 15 % in 2008 . 
  british eurosceptics : trustworthy to a fault . 
  indeed , but almost always the pro-brexiters are pro-fptp . 
  you can blame the pro-brexit politicians for that . 
  the way anti-fptp and anti-eu sentiment lines up is uncanny . 
  america will launch their own raid on delaware in time . 
  and spook the markets even further ? 
  it would compound the immediate shock ( and there will be a shock , and we do n't know how things would land afterward ) and lose public confidence in the party long term . 
  you think cutting disability benefits to pay off the deficit is something other than nasty mate ? 
  i do n't disagree , but times have changed . 
  the tories are already seen as the nasty party . 
  and there are still many who think that the assassination of thatcher was a large part of why so many turned off for so long in the 90s . 
  they majority was slashed in 1992 from 102 to 21 and they lost a share of the vote . 
  i do n't believe the public in 2016 would be more accommodating of such actions than the public of 1990 . 
  as someone who works in global supply chains i can tell you right now that most companies operate out of eu based entities . 
  if you buy from a chinese company they are likely operating out of the netherlands for tax reasons . 
  that 's to say nothing of the nightmare of delivery across the globe and the pure torture of negotiating inco terms . 
  the logic in leaving the largest free trading bloc in the developed world to shop elsewhere is n't even there . 
   tariff elimination schedules  appendix 1  elimination of customs duties  section a  tariff elimination schedule of colombia  for goods originating in the european union  staging categories  unless otherwise provided in the tariff elimination schedule of colombia , the following staging categories shall apply in accordance with article 22 ( elimination of customs duties ) of title iii ( trade in goods ) of this agreement . 
  customs duties on goods originating in the european union ( hereinafter referred to as `` originating goods '' ) corresponding to the tariff lines in staging category a shall be completely eliminated and such goods shall be free from any custom duty on the date this agreement enters into force . 
  customs duties on originating goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category b shall be eliminated in four equal cuts , beginning on the date this agreement enters into force ; the remaining cuts shall be made on 1 january of the successive years , and such goods shall thereafter be free of any customs duty . 
  customs duties on originating goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category c shall be eliminated in six equal cuts , beginning on the date this agreement enters into force ; the remaining cuts shall be made on 1 january of the successive years , and such goods shall thereafter be free of any customs duty . 
  customs duties on originating goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category d shall be eliminated in eight equal cuts , beginning on the date this agreement enters into force ; the remaining cuts shall be made on 1 january of the successive years , and such goods shall thereafter be free of any customs duty . 
  goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category e are exempt from any commitments related to customs duties . 
  customs duties on originating goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category f shall be eliminated in eleven equal cuts , beginning on the date this agreement enters into force ; the remaining cuts shall be made on 1 january of the successive years , and such goods shall thereafter be free of any customs duty . 
  the fixed component of the price stabilisation mechanism ( hereinafter referred to as `` mep '' ) ( 15 % ) of originating goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category fa shall be eliminated in eleven equal cuts , beginning on the date this agreement enters into force ; the remaining cuts shall be made on 1 january of the successive years . 
  customs duties on originating goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category g shall be maintained from the date this agreement enters into force until the end of year two . 
  from 1 january of year three , custom duties shall be eliminated in three equal yearly successive cuts , and such goods shall thereafter be free of any customs duty . 
  customs duties on originating goods provided for in the tariff lines in staging category h shall be maintained from the date this agreement enters into force until the end of year two . 
  from 1 january of year three , the fix component of the mep ( 20 % ) shall be eliminated in five equal yearly successive cuts . 
  it goes on like this . 
  they have another for goods originating from peru and colombia which is n't as fair . 
  do you think that the eu will agree to the same treatment with britain ? 
  or do you think that they will remove all tariffs immediately ? 
  because there will be many on the eu side of the table who will be fine with tariffs if it gees up innovation within the eu . 
  the eu likes protectionism . 
  our free trade stance is often the exception not the rule . 
  there are plenty of things they gain by constricting trade with the uk for a short period of time . 
   most mps simply follow the party line regarding the eu . 
  are you serious ? 
  you think the tories are going to follow the party line ? 
  if david cameron saw off a backbench rebellion ( and he may well do ) and remained pm , you think eurosceptic mps would follow a party line of joining the eea and keeping free movement ? 
  ok . why are you referencing that ? 
  most mps are pro-eu . 
  so if dc comes back and says , ` we 're to be members of the eea and have free movement of people , ' do you really think that a majority of mps would say no ? 
  cameron wo n't stand down , and i doubt the tories will kick him out . 
  what proposals are you talking about ? 
  and what has that got to do with the european parliament ? 
  ( by the way , your glib abbreviation is about as funny as it is miserable . ), 
  he wo n't leave it to others . 
  he 'll do the negotiations himself . 
  if the tories ousted cameron it 'd be anyone 's election in 2020 . 
  they 'd be in total disarray . 
  as for the vote on the deal , it would likely pass if it 's pro-eu . 
  the tories have too slim a majority , and the eurosceptics do n't have enough numbers . 
  cool . 
  so are you happy that , in the event of brexit , the terms will be negotiated by a guy who wants us to have close ties with europe , and will be given a mandate by leavers to negotiate the relationship as he sees fit ? 
  because that 's how westminster works . 
  but we 'll get a free trade deal because we think we will !, 
  notice that nobody , even those who vote in general elections , likes how westminster works . 
  eat a dick . 
  how 's the weather ? 
  i love the fact that we have a new hitler . 
  mark godwin can eat a dick . 
  the great european tradition of free speech . 
  the leave campaign has been an embarrassment , and the fact that so many people are aligning with its argument is a national disgrace . 
  worse , though , is the remain campaign . 
  it needs to do much , much more to make its case , and it is not that hard a case to make . 
  there are positives in the eu , and those need to be cited and backed up with examples .
