  : one - 233  nationality : uk - 359 so 126 uk nationals on reddit have taken the time to learn a second language !, 
  better than i expected . 
  good work , lads !, 
  i made this . 
  thought it was easy and might have been interesting . 
  i subtracted nationality from country of residence . 
  so it shows , for example , that there are 20 or so more people in the uk than the number of people who reported the uk as their nationality . 
  it 's not an accurate measure , because it 's possible that 30 brits left and 50 aussies arrived etc. , but it 's an indicator of where people are moving nonetheless . 
  only 3 % of respondents were french . 
  wow . 
  the 9gag really is strong in france . 
  like the * monolithe de montparnasse * was n't enough of a warning . 
  the beaubourg is so ugly it 's unreal . 
  it would work in london where architecture is heterogeneous , but in paris it 's so out of place it only adds to the eyesore factor . 
  modern paris architecture is usually sleek , like la grande arche de la d\u00e9fense , and the louvre pyramid , and the new louis vuiton building . 
  even the canopy looks promising . 
  but the beaubourg is just painful to look at . 
  it 's like a 5 year old went crazy trying to draw a car . 
  also ; i can see my old digs in picture 10 . 
  sweet memories . 
  but i like my iphone and other middle class privileges . 
  it 's ok . 
  someone else will fix the problem . 
  i 'll just debate on the internet about things other people are doing . 
  it fits the bell curve . 
  50 % of countries are captured in the 26-30 % category . 
  the rest is the tail ends , each being ~ 25 % each . 
  this post is the very definition of slacktivism . 
  i do n't disagree with the sentiment , but the way it is expressed is so benign it is laughable . 
  jerk harder , boys . 
  yes !, 
  * shake shake shake shake shake *, 
   ca n't do anything about it because the us has too much influence on each individual european country we ca n't do anything about it because of the nature of the internet . 
  it 's got very little to do with global politics . 
  i mean , in theory , if you implemented an encryption system based on the principles of blockchain then you could maybe pull it off , but even then how do you stop someone piggy-backing your own logging in to your emails ? 
  i do n't think we can stop digital voyeurism . 
  that much has always been obvious . 
  my point is that ni is part of the uk because it wants to be . 
  you ca n't just cut them loose . 
  and if the south did the same to the north ? 
  fine . 
  ` body parts which are symbolic of sex and the power and influence associated with that sex and are therefore indicative of identity and the social stigmas against that sex against which they are fighting . ', 
  happy ? 
  this is why reddit ca n't have nice things . 
  that 's just being pedantic . 
  danish bacon !, 
  danish bacon !, 
  yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy yum !, 
  or wave their sexual organs around like femen . 
  cheers . 
  if its not a drain on your time , go for it . 
  it 'll be an interesting read but to be honest i 'll just say thanks and up vote . 
  you shout . 
  is there a transcript online ? 
  voting in socialists has done wonders for france . 
  at home and abroad . 
   we 're being played again . 
  was that not obvious when merkel said she was angry ? 
  we 're not even spectacularly fat and alcoholic . 
  we 're just mediocre fat and alcoholic . 
  sigh . 
  we ca n't even win at undesirable things . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  u sayin i 'm not european ? 
  the swift kick to the face offered by the first century . 
  gon na cheat and point out my favourite french swearword : pouffiasse it 's similar to slut but much more fun to say . 
  great moment of arnacoeur , when she stabs him in the leg with the fork and in exquisite pain romain duris faintly whispers , ` ahhhhhhh !, 
  * la connasse * ... ! ', 
  you forgot ` enfoir\u00e9 ' . 
  i love that word . 
  how bad is enfoir\u00e9 ? 
  is it as offensive as people say ? 
  i 've seen translations range from ` fuckhead ' to ` rascal ' . 
  is it high up there as an insult or kind of middling ? 
  saloppe is also a great word . 
  i love that speech . 
  it 's the go-to fake accent of the football yob . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  you go to a football match and everyone kind of degenerates slightly so as not to be the posh one . 
  no one heckles or chants in their normal voice . 
  i 've read your argument , and you 're essentially using the stance of ` it 's illegal immigration ' as a cover . 
  deporting them is illegal too , but ( un ) surprisingly you employ a double standard of suggesting that the illegality of deporting them is acceptable while the illegality of this particular migration is not . 
  generally i 've noticed that double standards are used by people trying to cover up their real feelings , and i 'm pretty sure from comments like ` we 're not a charity , ' you 're basically just xenophobic . 
  you think the eu should help people already here purely on the basis of ` it 's our land and they 're our resources , ' which has always played at so well in history . 
  i heard nigel farage say recently that the nhs and the welfare system are `` for us '' referring to british people . 
  food for thought . 
  i was comparing you to a mass murderer because your xenophobia is akin to his . 
  it 's got nothing to do with disagreeing with you . 
  your argument is essentially ` immigrants are ruining our country and tarnishing the nation 's glory of yesterday ' . 
  pretty sure that was breveik 's shtick as well . 
   by facebook . 
  shady . 
  to be fair , these are human beings we 're talking about . 
  not a surplus of livestock because a harbour foreman misread an invoice . 
  do you think they want to be shipped around at the behest of old rich white guys in suits ? 
  anders breveik would be proud , mate . 
  aneurysms generally shorten your life expectancy . 
  enjoy the rage . 
  i 'm not even going to entertain such a ridiculous strategy . 
  to get back on topic , if you want to get angry on the internet about the fact that your emails are being flash scanned for trigger phrases then that 's fine , but it 's a total waste of time because your energy will change absolutely nothing .
