  i 'm slowly changing my opinion . 
  i was a strong remainer but now that i 've come to peace with the fact that we 're leaving and look at things as they really are , it seems to me that the british government is being quite reasonable and the whole ` free movement is non-negotiable ' stance from europe is ideological . 
  britain just wants a good deal that 's in both our interests . 
  the eu 's stubbornness and dirty tactics ( leaking private meetings to the press , tag team the uk with juncker bad cop and tusk good cop ) will result in a bad deal , and that will be bad for me and it will be bad for you . 
  all europe needs is free trade . 
  the eu is stuffed with ideologues who think that 50 % +1 vote is enough of a mandate to force 50 % -1 vote to be citizens of a super country they do n't recognise . 
  greece . 
  they 're always good for a kick in the ribs . 
  refusing to accept that emmanuel macron is just another young neoliberal politician and not even a novelty i see . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not saying he 's a bad guy . 
  i 'm just calling him for what he is - another neoliberal politician . 
  he 's going to win in a landslide , but the euphoria around him is so naive . 
  we 've seen this at least a hundred times before in living memory alone . 
  he 's not even a novelty . 
  i 'm not blaming him for crimes at all , i 'm simply acknowledging that an apparently squeaky clean guy who came into politics through the revolving door with the world of finance probably is n't the messiah that young progressives seem to think he is . 
  but you go ahead and think this guy will be different . 
  when the cabinet is stuffed full of elites from the private sector we 'll touch base again and you can defend the technocracy which is representative of the elite . 
  we have a phrase for people like macron in the uk . 
  it 's ` tory moderniser ' . 
  when george osborne tweets congratulations to his friend emmanuel macron you know what 's up . 
  this is n't a court . 
  this appraising politicians . 
  and you 're giving a virtually unvetted newcomer to politics the benefit of the doubt . 
  and then you accuse me of having poor judgement . 
  what does prosecution have to do with this conversation ? 
  what a stupid thing to say, 
   its mostly about closing loopholes . 
  how is overruling a nation 's sovereignty with eu legislation `` closing loopholes '' ? 
  i was excited for macron when i first read about him , but the more i 've seen of his campaign the more he seems like an unprincipled narcissist who knifed the ps in the back with 10 inches of steel and is now enjoying the power vacuum that 's spreading large parts of the west as voters abandon the establishment . 
  he 's an opportunist and i think a charlatan . 
  when you look past the media buzz and perfect smile obama was a disaster . 
  macron may yet prove to be exactly the same . 
  when we faced that choice we chose option 3 : neither . 
  be warned . 
  you 're incredibly naive if you put your trust in the elite because you do n't have `` proof '' to do otherwise . 
  the picture is fake but the idea of him not having money offshore is naive . 
  they all have money offshore . 
  you think he does n't ? 
  i think that the ` silent majority ' of french people will never vote to get rid of the euro . 
  it 'd be economic chaos . 
  do the french have the stones to do it ? 
  i really really doubt it . 
  the french will leave the euro when the euro collapses , and i do n't think that will ever truly happen . 
  it will limp on forever . 
  but the fn are the principle party of france imo . 
  the parliamentary elections may yet prove to be rough . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying and you know it . 
  i think people will be frustrated by macron before christmas . 
  all i 'm saying is that this is n't the forgone conclusion that people are thinking it is . 
  yeah , and if you think macron is credible presidential material then you ca n't be older than 23 . 
  i expect to be downvoted for this , but i think le pen has a shot at this . 
  speaking to french friends and family while i was over there at the weekend , several of them are thinking of not voting because they see macron as an untested opportunist who offers nothing but unpredictability . 
  if anything he will be more of the same neoliberal austerity consensus coming out of brussels which has stopped france from doing what it needs to do . 
  hollande is largely seen as a disaster because he did n't get to be his own person thanks to the eu choke lead . 
  ( remember the millionaire tax that france actually voted for and hollande actually tried to implement before the constitutional courts took it out of business despite the fact that it was n't unconstitutional in the slightest ? ), 
  the latest rumour is that macron 's prime minister will be the head of the ceo association in france . 
  le pen 's got a real shot at this . 
  macron is barely credible , he 's just not le pen . 
  fillon would have annihilated him were it not for the corruption scandal . 
  i 'm expecting macron to win it , but i wo n't be too surprised at an upset . 
  i reckon le pen will pull in more than 40 % and surprise the polls . 
  the more unpalatable the party , the more inclined people will be to lie to pollsters , and the stronger the ` shy ____ ' factor will be . 
  the shy tory factor is only a factor when it 's unfashionable to say you vote tory . 
  there may well be a shy fn factor . 
  there will definitely be abstentions . 
  this could be another perfect storm which spells disaster for liberalism . 
  lol no, 
  and what about tariffs with the eu where most of our food imports come from ? 
  from zero , apparently, 
  itt : centre-left youngsters who do n't know what a cooperative is for . 
  enjoy eating a sunday roast knowing it 's 1.5 x as expensive as it was pre-brexit . 
  i 'm sure the country that gave us the danone law is in a fine position to lecture . 
  are your french friends young ? 
  we should do a go fund me for a hitman . 
  everything 's a joke these days . 
  it wo n't be as high as $ 100bn but there will obviously be a settlement . 
  the ft should know better than to shit stir . 
  never underestimate the rioting capabilities of galvanised bigots . 
  i do n't have to put up with your scrutiny !, 
   the tories are currently doing a better job than labour or the libdems debatable . 
  all that matters is real numbers . 
  sentiment is irrelevant . 
  we 're a country of < 65m rich world customers with shocking wealth inequality . 
  our purchasing power just dropped 20 % and all economic indicators point to wage growth being low for the next number of years while inflation sinks in . 
  poor customers do n't buy expensive technologically advanced shit . 
  we 've also just voted to terminate every trade deal we have at a time when protectionism is setting in around the globe , at a time in history where the biggest form of currency is political ability to shape non-tariff barriers as the world 's economic activity coalesces into regional bloc ( k ) s. that 's why currency speculators ditched the great ^ tm british ^ tm pound in a flash , and that 's why international companies will hesitate to set up shop here in big numbers . 
  we 're completely fucked , and slowly people will start to realise that . 
  after 300 years of being big world players the 21st century will see the gradual downgrading of british influence . 
  all because of brexit . 
  anyone who thought that a small agile nation would be better placed to rule the world in the 21st century needs to a smack round the head with a tyre iron . 
  brexiteers are fucking idiots . 
  there 's no other way to describe them . 
  what did the netherlands call the colour orange before they discovered the fruit ? 
  wait . 
  there were * reasons !? 
  i kind of want her to win just so lepensim becomes an official political doctrine in world media . 
  i see no gods up here, 
  what a shit political cartoon, 
  people fell for it with macron .
