  though the new arrivals chant `` germany !, 
  germany ! '' to speed their passage through reluctant way-stations such as hungary , the influx frightens xenophobes , who have attacked 340 asylum centres this year ( luckily with no deaths ) . 
  but crowds of germans are turning out to welcome the refugees . 
  corporate bosses pledge support , as do celebrities and football teams . 
  it feels good that so many people see germany as a land of hope , chancellor angela merkel said yesterday . 
  some of the huddled masses hold up her picture as if she were a new statue of liberty . 
  it all gives germans goosebumps . 
  there 's a lot of catharsis involved in all of this . 
  was n't saying you were, 
  neither render my point false, 
  james bond 's excellent recon at work once again . 
   because dclauzel seems to have an issue with people thinking different than he is . 
  and then do what ? 
  use tax money to pay for the privilege of keeping them in prison ? 
  awesome . 
  we should roll granite slabs 46 miles from wales and get them down in the sand without the technology . '', 
  florent from l'amour est dans le pres this summer was black . 
  it 's killing me that no one knows . 
  no shit sherlock, 
  and the result of that ? 
  epic levels of migration . 
  give a man a bank note , and he 'll feed his family for a day . 
  give a man more , and he 'll use it to cross the world in search of a better life , because when we 're really honest , who wants to stay and build a social democracy in the bloody dust ? 
  descartes . 
  why not change though ? 
  it 's not like we 're free to live outside the rules already in place . 
  we 're free to live the law and that 's about it . 
  what 's wrong with changing the law to make people safer ? 
  i only care about getting to work and buying my groceries without getting blown up , and going on a nice holiday once a year . 
  first they laughed at terrorists , and i said nothing because i was n't a laugh . 
  says the guy with a five figure net worth . 
  go on my son . 
   when you get certain quality of life , you stop having children , when women are forced to choose between a career and a family , people stop having children . 
  germany is n't that much further ahead of britain or france ( if it 's ahead at all ) , and britain and france have healthy fertility rates . 
  when the cost of living becomes such that children become a luxury without family support , people stop having children . 
  it 's got approximately sod all to do with `` quality of life '' . 
  america needed the people . 
  we have no need for more people . 
  we have plenty of people . 
  i get why this is being done , but on what legal grounds are european governments rounding up sympathisers ? 
  is jihad now legally considered hate speech ? 
  are they being stopped for their own protection ? 
  if so then why are they ok for the media to paint them as traitors ? 
  i do n't get how you can help them and leave them open to the buffeting so far social pressure in one go . 
  these arrests are being poorly handled . 
  i think he 's very smart , i just disagree with his political views . 
  yes . 
  people are feeling good about themselves for ideological reasons . 
  nah the greek state has lost 37 trillion to vat evasion . 
  this was the post that made me sub to / r/europecirclejerk, 
  i think that this migrant crisis is going to change the way academics view demography and migration to be honest . 
  this is a watershed moment for globalisation . 
   anti-leftism dat persecution complex, 
   anti-leftism dat persecution complex, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  a truck to europe when you have no passport is probably logistically easier and cheaper than a plane to australia . 
  pfff, 
  much to your apparent disappointment , islam has a track record of disregarding western secular law . 
  or would you like to excuse the practitioners of fgm and halal ? 
  can i have one ? 
  two words , mate : long con, 
  taking resource distribution seriously is not racist . 
  11 million people wo n't try and move to europe , but if the offer is there from germany and the alternative is stay in syria or move to a country with a caste system , what do you think will happen ? 
  have you not being watching the news of people coming into europe every day ? 
  surely it 's nonsense to say that the figure is 350,000 , as if that 's all it 's going to be . 
  there are ( were ) 23 million people in syria . 
  on a news report i watched last night , it was reported that experts and world authorities believe that over half of these have been displaced . 
  there are therefore ~ 11 million people looking for new homes . 
  that is 2 % of the population of europe . 
  please explain to me where we are going to build the cities which will house these people . 
  physically . 
  remembering that we need farmland to feed ourselves , and that we already have in europe one of the highest population densities in the world , with public services often reported in national papers as being overstretched . 
   it is nothing to do with rate of change of population . 
   it took only a century to go from 0 % non-religious to 40 % . 
  `` it has nothing to do with the rate of change !, 
  look at this rate of change ! '', 
  while christianity has been propped up by force in the past , it is no longer , and it is still a vibrant religion with many faithful adherents . 
  as christianity steps away from scientific claims and takes the approach of moralistic therapeutic deism , future generations will have less grievance with it . 
  the reasons why people have been abandoning religion will fade away as religious people themselves become more liberal . 
  why get angry at the acts of religion 100 years ago as a means of proving that the contemporary interpretation is a waste of time ? 
  all that to say nothing of the fact that there will always be spiritual people who think about their beliefs and just happen to disagree with the idea that there is something because of nothing for no discernible purpose . 
  there is plenty of post-christian sentiment left untapped by organised religion . 
  if anything i think religion will make a resurgence in the future , with the young becoming disenfranchised with sarcastic new atheists on the internet , and being curious about what religions actually have to say about themselves . 
  many of them will like what they find . 
  christianity 's not going anywhere , and referencing the middle ages to argue that 21st century society will see the death of faith just strikes me as a bit daft . 
  the dynamics are completely different . 
  edit : i seem to have lost 30 karma in 10 minutes , with my post history showing a -1 to all previous comments on the two pages i 've looked at . 
  that is simply adorable . 
  cheers for the book reference . 
  looks good . 
  ordered a copy . 
  as a population grows , the rate of change in that population slows down . 
  simple rule of nature which , like many other rules of nature , can be applied to a variety of situations . 
  christianity wo n't be forgotten , and it wo n't be entirely abandoned . 
  there are too many people to recount the faith to others and too much documentation . 
  the only way you 'll get rid of religion ( any and all ) is by wiping out humanity to 10,000 dedicated atheists and destroying the historic record . 
  christianity wo n't go the way of zeus . 
  there will be cathedrals on mars . 
  european culture is invariably christian . 
  look at the number of public holidays are granted on the basis that they are of significance to the christian calendar .
