  gon na be honest : russia freak me out more and more each day . 
  terribly sad . 
  quite cool seeing french before the circumflex . 
  estre took me a couple of seconds to clock before i remembered how the circumflex came to be . 
  did lord haw haw 's first names happen to be nelson muntz ? 
  billy no mates credit card, 
  if you want to be angry about brown privilege you go right ahead op . 
  and i will sit here and laugh . 
  do n't worry . 
  we 'll make sure you get in on the nuclear action too . 
  if it will shut you up . 
  it 'll get poked in the eye by russia on day one and it 'd be a mess . 
  death by a thousand papercuts, 
  this is what vetoes are for . 
  and as we all know , vetoes are the perfect diplomatic solution . 
  they shall never return . 
  feed them to the lions . 
  great lip service . 
  bonus point for ignoring the central theme of the article . 
  new score 11/10 . 
  near luton . 
  in that case he 's naive . 
  any european army put together to send a signal is going to get poked in the eye by putin in the first week . 
  there will be no honeymoon . 
  you get a stable economy is europe to trade with . 
  obama is such a fucking pussy it would be almost cathartic to watch his legacy go up in smoke as putin twists the knife knowing that there will be no response were it not for the tragic and horrific death and destruction implicit in the spectacle . 
  obama needs to grow a pair of motherfucking testicles and put russia back in it 's place . 
  who else has the strength to do it ? 
  hang the president of the eu commission ? 
  i think the daily mail is awful so i do n't believe it . 
  they could publish an article stating that the sky is blue and i would reject it out of principle . 
  you 're wrong !, 
  the answer is less sovereignty !, 
  that way people will accept the unaccountable bureaucracy !, 
  shy tory factor or effect . 
  not syndrome . 
  go outside a major urban area . 
  which one ? 
  so why not teach about religions in a class about teaching religions ? 
  why tie it into other classes ? 
  dunno about that . 
  when i was at school religious studies ( which was called religious education when i was a boy ) was mandatory to at least a half gcse . 
  never did me any harm . 
  in fact i 'd say that learning about christianity , islam and judaism actually helped me be more tolerant of other cultures , to say nothing of hinduism , sikhism , buddhism , atheism , agnosticism , and of course secularism . 
  learning how different cultures answer ultimate questions is , in my view , an essential part of being a well educated and widely read person given how extensive human history has become and how much we mix in the 21st century . 
  global village etc. 
  it 's like that part in civ where you crank out as many units as possible . 
  if you 're going to sit there and insist that international treaties are taken seriously in the halls of power i can only assume that the 12 year old in this conversation is you . 
  what makes you think that international treaties have ever mattered to nation states ? 
  no one gives a shit . 
  just look at the deficits of basically every eu member state . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  things change . 
  people change their minds . 
  if the eu continues to pull stupid shit like this people will just vote with their feet and demand to leave . 
  most people do n't know that . 
  germany because they 've taken the most refugees . 
  sorry , greece . 
  it will just cause the whole thing to come tumbling down . 
  stuff like this only makes me want to vote to leave . 
  the eu only has as much authority over a country as that country allows . 
  it does n't make me want to leave because of fears of immigration , but it does leave me appalled at how horrifically inept the eu is as an institution . 
  it 's clearly no good at foreign policy . 
  war 's do n't happen any more . 
  let 's make is -1 % and cut the military slowly . 
  and then europe blames it 's pedo problems on belgium . 
  that 's what you call a power dynamic . 
  i thought we were the apes . 
  the private businesses who could be affected by ttip can always say no to individual approaches/deals/negotiations . 
  leaving the eu wo n't protect us from it . 
  the leavers are right about obama spouting bs about 10 year 's to a trade deal . 
  the difference is that remainers are by and large under no illusions that that trade deal would be ttip or a worse version of it . 
  if the largest market it the world could only negotiate ttip why is the fifth largest economy ^ tm supposed to leverage more at the table with less ? 
  that 's not how negotiation works . 
  [ but the homegrown talent are clearly crowd pleasing winners . 
  ] ( http://newsthump.com/2016/02/23/leading-brexit-campaigners-coincidentally-a-shower-of-cnts/ ), 
  water inequality is killing us . 
  i ca n't wait for you people to lose . 
  / r/europe gave up being a place for reasonable discussion quite a while ago . 
  this is great . 
  white supremacists campaigning for brexit . 
  and now the french front national are getting in on it too . 
  fantastic news . 
  all we need now is a formal endorsement from putin . 
  ## obama in london #barack obama is right : britain could lead europe if it wanted to apr 22nd 2016 , 10:53 by bagehot the american president touched down in london last night for a three-day visit . 
  officially his trip has to do with wishing the queen a happy 90th birthday . 
  in practice it is a carefully worded bid to nudge british voters towards a remain vote in the eu referendum on june 23rd . 
  his lobbying began this morning with a column in the daily telegraph ( seemingly chosen for being the most high-brow eurosceptic outlet ) under the headline : `` as your friend , let me say that the eu makes britain even greater . '' this afternoon he will give a press conference in downing street where he is expected to reiterate these arguments . 
  the leave camp is furious at the intervention , calling it a diplomatic impropriety . 
  boris johnson has a counter-column in the sun today urging the president to butt out and , rather oddly , insinuating that as a `` half-kenyan '' his views reflect resentment of britain 's colonial past . 
  in truth this is sour grapes . 
  for many on the leave side quitting the eu is a first step to building a new anglophone alliance , led by britain and america and extending across the commonwealth . 
  how ungrateful , how unamerican , how un-anglo-saxon of the president to reject this thrilling fantasy . 
  but most of all they are angry because his comments will hurt their cause . 
  america 's president is popular in britain . 
  brexiteers know that voters will take his arguments seriously : the most resonant yet of the line-up of credible , authoritative voices -- the bank of england , the imf , business leaders , former prime ministers -- whose warnings form a steady drum-beat that should stay brexit-inclined voters ' hands on referendum day . 
  mr obama 's comments stand out among these not just for their weight , but for their optimism . 
  `` you should be proud that the eu has helped spread british values and practices '' , he noted in his column : `` the european union does n't moderate british influence -- it magnifies it . '' other interventions have focused more on the disadvantages of brexit : the risk to growth and jobs , questions unanswered by the leave camp , the dangers of a fragmenting western alliance in uncertain times . 
  and that is right . 
  britons are not natural pro-europeans .
