  cultural victory is imminent !, 
  the next french presidential is going to be so much fun . 
  in what universe is war fatigue inferior to peace fatigue ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm powerful enough to conquer the continent if i 'm unopposed . 
  france has the foreign legion . 
  and they give no fucks . 
  bureaucracy : the solution to everything here 's to germany for spotting us the cash, 
  but what about political correctness ? 
  the banlieus of paris are a slum with good infrastructure and pretty architecture . 
  the 18th just feels unsafe . 
  brave, 
  because people feel pressured to appear left wing in public . 
  that does n't mean anything . 
  cdg airport is an external eu border . 
  but now she 's got a legitimate shot at making that promise a political reality . 
  paris has been doing this for years . 
  seeing a famas in the m\u00e9tro is a daily occurrence . 
  because it would mean sending the army into paris xviii . 
  cops would n't be up to the job . 
  if it 's on wikipedia it 's got ta be true !, 
  they 're harmless . 
  it 's just a vicar who comes and teaches a moral principle once a week or so . 
  shares a story about looks being unimportant or the importance of charity or staying calm in the face of ridicule . 
  i do n't see a problem with giving kids a moral education or explaining a bible story like the easter story or christmas given how culturally significant those things are to britain 's history . 
  is it really awful to teach kids why there 's a four day weekend every spring ? 
  is it ? 
  or is merely another empire which uses new diplomatic tools to spread its empire ? 
  i think it 's a bit of a stretch to say that western civilisation is going to fall to isis , but the parallels are n't completely wasteful . 
  europe has had a financial crisis , a migrant crisis , and now faces a security crisis . 
  to suggest it can continue as it started is utterly foolish . 
  news outlets are reporting that there are roughly 100 dead at the bataclan . 
  they must have been slaughtered . 
  using extremes like this only further alienates the opposition and makes your supporters feel uncomfortable . 
  `` french should be ze global language !! '', 
  lol . 
  those crazy conservatives who want to sort a network of sites without the risk of clicking on a banner and end up looking at porn . 
  how dare they have different preferences to me !, 
  honest question : is the uk getting a rough ride on this because it 's slow about it , or because it 's the eu 's favourite bogeyman and so gets the subreddit riled up ? 
  france has already signed off on wholesale surveillance laws and yet i 've seen about three articles on it over the last five months . 
  the big bad tory government features here like twice a day . 
  i would disagree . 
  i live in a small town . 
  school places , doctors waiting tines. , traffic , grossly overpriced housing relative to wages . 
  no matter where you live , there are overpopulation factors at play in everything but food at supermarkets ( thank goodness ) also , to labour 's credit , , they slang years moving government departments out of london . 
  the hqs are there , but the mod mostly works or of bristol , the driving authority is in swansea . 
  a bunch of them are all decentralised . 
  heteros have rights too , fascist . 
  what do n't we blame the eu for ? 
  in fairness , it 's getting pretty full over here . 
  just ask anyone who takes a train to work or is trying to buy a house or get seen by a doctor or get their kid a place in a good school . 
  it makes freedom of movement a really easy target . 
  then it watched all that global influence get washed away by the recession when the world realised that the strength of the spanish economy was a mirage . 
  do n't forget `` save the whales !! '', 
  is it wrong for the government to enforce age ratings for buying a porno ? 
  or as a parent am i expected to bolt out of work and travel an hour back home to knock the dvd out of my kid 's hands in hmv ? 
  we have barriers of access for kids and porn in meat space . 
  why not barriers of access in cyber space ? 
  do you really think a 5 year old is equipped with the skills and tools to process goatse or hardcore anal fisting ? 
  does this principle of openness and neutrality include forcing me to accept porn sites ' cookies in order to get my rocks off ? 
  i just want to spank it . 
  not sign a contract . 
  leave the entirely optional filters off or be forced to accept pornhub 's cookies ? 
  i 'll keep my freedom thanks . 
  the eu government is being bought . 
  there 's no need for a two tier internet . 
  there 's no sense in this at all . 
  it 's a tit for that measure . 
  telco will give over no roaming charges if they all get the boon of charging people different rates for the cost of bandwidth based on customer category . 
  how can you possibly read more of this and move back to pro-eu ? 
  `` we can make money if you fly . '', 
  nice straw man . 
  is that because you do n't know anything about telco markets are set up and how the companies generate revenue ? 
  like a compensation trick ? 
  what good does it do to curb non-eu immigration ? 
  you see all these migrants moving to europe ? 
  in about 6 years time they 'll all have eu zone travel papers . 
  not all of them will move , obviously , but they will have the right to work and live in the uk . 
  even then , when germany 's letting in 100,000 s a year and forcing the other eu nations to assume quotes at germany 's whimsy , what good does curbing non-eu immigration do ? 
  it does n't make a sodding difference . 
  everyone gets attacked in saint-denis . 
  that 's because france is running dry on conventional jobs ( look at the youth unemployment figures ) and young people are having to rely on entrepreneurial instincts to make a living . 
  good for them . 
  i have never understood cricket , and i was on my school 's first team because i had ` natural ability ' . 
  going default destroyed this place . 
  before that it was gradually declining in quality . 
  it 's not that hard to learn a language when you 're forced to . 
  ridicule is n't criticism . 
  ridicule is just ridicule . 
  they awarded first place to that crop ? 
  you shut your whore mouth !, 
  i do n't ridicule is the word . 
  condemn maybe , but not ridicule . 
  you 're trolling , right ? 
  the food is n't but the energy used to keep it hot is . 
  bottom line is you pay more at the till , but the food itself is , in principle , tax free . 
  religion does n't deserve to be ridiculed . 
  not in the uk . 
  france because they 'll be pissed off if it 's not . 
  or the dutch . 
  given that `` emerging '' is a relative term to describe economies smaller than the global powerhouses , yes they are always going to be emerging .
