  the doctor will sort you out and never ask for anything but maybe your address . 
  waiting for the guardian article saying they are all doctors and msc level engineers . 
  any saving done when greece has the drachma will be very tepid indeed . 
  it will take a while for the currency market to stabilise anyway before goldman gets fed up of shorting the currency . 
  i 'm not hostile to greece either , but what you 're describing will be taken as a ` too little , too late ' gesture by greeks . 
  i 'd be very surprised if it were different . 
   but the west should be able to try and stop that happening . 
  how are they going to do that if the ez tells greece to go fist itself ? 
  you see the attitude on this forum every day . 
  `` i 'm fed up of greece . '', 
  `` they can leave , they 've had their chances . '', 
  how is europe going to prevent greece falling to russian influence if it obliterates all good will by sending them back to the technological prowess of the 1970s ? 
  not everyone is a metropolitan left-leaner with a global world view and understanding of economic nuances . 
  most people will see an economic depression and carry a burning hatred of germany in their minds for years to come . 
  you overestimate the british public 's ability to interpret current affairs . 
  how 's that better than ` meh ' ? 
  but actually quite worrying . 
  i 'd die without vimto . 
  `` a country that will continue to be funny until it suddenly is n't . '', 
  a people feeling entitled to more living space ? 
  `` does the artist give something to understand . '', 
  you 'd never say that in english . 
  '' this question is so french it ca n't even be translated into english without maintaining its frenchness . 
  pr is so much better than fptp . 
  they should make humour a qualification just to stump the mainland continent . 
  how do i get a phd ? 
  does it involve acsii to probe the meaning of the internet ? 
  some philosophy is good stuff . 
  the rest is guff . 
  `` are we really here ? 
  how will we ever know ? 
  what if the universe is a computer simulation of a higher intelligence ? 
  was the matrix a little too close to the bone ? '', 
  it was just a bit of fun . 
  can i not have a bit of fun on a friday afternoon ? 
  i want to look inside you head , yes i do ... !, 
   does an artwork always have a meaning ? 
  yes . 
  even if the artist created it to be meaningless , it 's meaning is that it is meaningless . 
   is politics free from a requirement of truthfulness ? 
  lol  is the mind of an individual nothing but a reflection of the society of which he is a part ? 
  only up until choice comes into play . 
   does the artist gives something to understand ? 
  if he does n't , is he an artist ? 
   is respecting all living beings a moral duty ? 
  i would say yes , else we become the evil we seek to eradicate . 
  there are many different forms of respect . 
   am i what my past has made of me ? 
  this seems to be the same question as # 3 but with a different accent . 
  ______ boom . 
  easy . 
  give me my phd . 
  good old germany . 
  that 's a bold opinion . 
  do n't see that often in these parts . 
  it ca n't , which is why the proposals are n't the right solution . 
  they need to come up with something else . 
  it 's also doing ireland a favour . 
  it 's also why virtually all of britain is against joining the euro too . 
  that 's not confused . 
  a newspaper is a periodical that covers the news . 
  a magazine covers lifestyle and shit . 
  the bbc has a magazine section , for example . 
  but what happens in 2018 when we need that term to describe what 's going on in the west bank ? 
  i love the little key on the fifth poster . 
  what the fuck, 
  i 'm pretty sure they do . 
  they 'd be destitute for another 15 years if it all hits the fan . 
  they know what 's at stake . 
  silence . 
  merkel speaks . 
  * snip * ok guys we 're through, 
  people who use the internet do n't care about protocols and strings of code . 
  they care about viruses and why targeted advertisements are worryingly good . 
  it makes them feel more secure if they know that that is based on pretty harmless data about their window shopping habits . 
  stop thinking about cs students and start thinking about middle aged technophobes . 
  governments have a duty of care to them too . 
  to be completely blunt , whoever you vite for , the government gets in . 
  life seems to be bound more to the health of the economy than who 's in government . 
  yeh but boobz, 
  to be fair , pr would actually mean more coalitions and more broken promises . 
  somewhere , someone is using the internet for the first time . 
  they deserve to know how it works , because presumably no one is going to tell them . 
  if current trends of higher denomination notes being bigger than smaller denominations were to transfer directly , i 'm pretty sure a $ 100 note would be a shotput . 
  it 'd be so cool . 
  think of the possibilities !, 
  if the eurozone continue to drag markets and businesses through the rigmarole of drawing up contingencies for every one of its dramas , those markets and business are eventually going to get fed up . 
  dragging it on to the last minute every time would be bad in the long run . 
  if there 's a solution it will be at the last minute . 
   the abolishment of a pensioner benefit `` ekas '' ( this benefit basically means that a widow or child get to keep their deceased husband 's / parent 's pension if they have n't worked enough in their life for their own pension ) i ca n't believe people are actually going to demand that this be given up . 
  i had to get this far down to find a comment about the subject of the story . 
  we should bring back pouches anyway . 
  just throw a bag of coins at someone to pay for stuff . 
  movies are so cool . 
   `` my friend camp here . 
  you camp here , we blitzkrieg you '' should have said , `` that does n't work . '', 
  english is n't that influenced by dutch . 
  it 's more influenced by french imo , and german . 
  any resemblance to dutch in mutual inheritance from german . 
  i see german and french as the parents of english and dutch as a cousin/sibling language .
