  ~ every candidate ever, 
  she 's going after the conservative vote . 
  i think it will help but ultimately it wo n't work . 
  i can see significant numbers of abstentions being a thing . 
  both of these candidates represent uncertainty . 
  many people may decide that they ca n't give support to either of them in good conscience . 
  another bataclan . 
  if brexit and trump had lost last year i 'd have agreed that this was a done deal , but i dunno man . 
  the world 's not the place it used to be . 
  a big terrorist attack could make a lot of people run to the right . 
  that 's pretty much what 's already happened . 
  were those millions of euros embezelled to his wife worth it in the end ? 
  probably . 
  i love that subreddit . 
  go quote the telegraph someplace else . 
  the telegraph is garbage . 
  i think this will strengthen le pen 's polling numbers . 
  i disagree . 
  does this guy stand a chance ? 
  it 's not disgusting . 
  she 's campaigning in the french presidential elections , not an eu election . 
  i really do n't see what place the eu flag has being used in an election which is completely reflective of french sovereignty . 
  politically chaotic can we swap ? 
  it 's not ultra-violent until someone gets glassed, 
  it 'll be an anti-climax . 
  the tories will walk this with no effort . 
  they do n't have to spend a penny . 
   on both sides, 
  pussies, 
   the wrong kind of populism, 
  8 june is exam week . 
  the student vote wo n't turn out . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  we should vote for the party of michael `` we are fully behind trump '' fallon instead . 
   that seems like very tory logic . 
  if it 's a hung parliament i will jerk it down to a nub . 
  it wo n't be a hung parliament . 
  lib dems will pick up 20 seats , a good number of them from tories . 
  yeah yeah, 
  `` do one , france . '', 
  ~ god, 
  yeah but come on . 
  a full blown communist in power in a major world economy would be the tits . 
  just to see what happens . 
  before long the sau ( or whatever it is called ) will have the world 's largest market . 
  i guarantee it . 
  can we sticky this to the subreddit sidebar under the hyperlink , ` why most britons are eurosceptic ' ? 
  because this hits it on the head pretty squarely . 
  we 've followed a lot of european rulings to the letter and all we get is negative reviews based on how much we agree with france and germany at summits . 
  and it 's pretty insulting , to be honest . 
  is this week just anti-climactic poll results week or something ? 
  are we going to do this for other countries too ? 
  ok . calculus and evolutionary theory by natural selection . 
  let 's start there . 
  your move , rest of the world . 
  who the hell knows . 
  romney will be keen to make friends where he can because he 's not popular . 
  he would schmooze the pants off the british government with heavy mention of the special relationship . 
  who knows how it would go down . 
  cameron 's pretty feckless . 
  maybe he 'd brush off america rather than bend over . 
  the only country who gets to steer is germany . 
  we all know that . 
  very little is at stake for europe . 
  for britain , we might be looking at a few more wars . 
  notably iran . 
  something we do n't care about any more ? 
  something which was once considered conducive to a strong family oriented society and no considered superfluous and old fashioned ? 
  something which has nothing to do with family and children ? 
  something which is a lot of hullabaloo at the start and entirely expendable at the first sign of trouble ? 
  they 'll never bring about a federal europe in 5 years . 
  it 'll take much longer to convince people to do it . 
  interesting . 
  it was a catch-all phrase in case someone took issue to the phrase ` screwed up ' being too much of an understatement for them to handle . 
  evidently it has gone the other way . 
  edit : and to be fair , the whole libor thing was pretty immoral . 
  i wonder how this will affect the tech tree in civ vi . 
  london had nothing to do with the fact that the eurozone was a house of cards . 
  everyone 's pissed about how london 's banking culture screwed up and behaved immorally , but they 're not at all responsible for greece et al. 
  yes but that does n't mean that the article is inherently false . 
  i 'm interested in the facts . 
  plus , why would a french newspaper be self-deprecating this way about their own government ? 
  the french do n't do self-deprecation . 
  usually lce mocks other cultures and countries . 
  because we 're evil anti-federalists . 
  and we must never forget it . 
  ever . 
  well given the fact that they 've been making money with their 10 year bond arrangements they seem pretty set for getting out of this . 
  berlin too ? 
  maybe we might be able to make some friends again after our recent debacle . 
  such a great european . 
  what a team player . 
  wow . 
  if chinese becomes the * lingua franca * i am so boned . 
  this is great . 
  the 0.0001 % of chinese who have an accurate understanding of geopolitics will surely be as enthusiastic as the rest of us . 
  who says they 're wanted ? 
  look at cyprus . 
  is that wanted in the eu ? 
  surely that would make greece flip their shit .
