  india , yes . 
  china not so much . 
  they 're well m their way , and hiccups and upsets wo n't stop it . 
  aiden . 
  austin . 
  dillon . 
  that must play well with african immigrants . 
  has he never heard of the moors ? 
  doth mother know you weareth her drapes ? 
  so what did you get in your gcses over the summer ? 
  wow i 'm really surprised at france . 
   are you 12 ? 
  that . 
  shit . 
  ** lol very good, 
  sure , but how much of that is the media manufacturing consent ? 
  51 % of people saying hey do n't think germany can handle it anymore is a stubborn fact surely ? 
  i ca n't wait for the oil to run out . 
  sa are going to get such a rude awakening . 
  refugees manage, 
   they 'd rather pay for each others than for an european single-market . 
   no they 'd rather have other people pay for them to have nice things which they can readily and quickly recognise . 
   brexit and trump is the end of the ultra-liberalism . 
  france and others ( austria ? ), 
  in europe are probably next . 
  what you 're describing is nationalist socialism . 
  and we have seen it before . 
  such a broken country . 
  caring this much over which food tastes nicer as if that makes a difference . 
  i 'll go back to being gainfully employed . 
  we only have 25 less michelin stars than you . 
  our food is delicious . 
   ultra-individualism that wo n't go away, 
  and yet they stay, 
  how can you say that when people voted quite clearly against internationalism ? 
  you have absolutely no idea how to construct a critical thought do you ? 
   people in this subreddit are n't `` railing on muslims '' , but rather railing on immigrants from muslim-majority countries that happen to have an aggressive and backwards culture . 
  lol . 
  i needed a good laugh today . 
  thanks for that . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  the point is that fn support is growing and anti-globalist sentiment is growing . 
  the deciding factor of both brexit and us elections was culture and identity politics . 
  europe is straining under the immigrant crisis , and the lack of integration among immigrants . 
  economics does n't factor anymore in a post scarcity market economy . 
  everyone 's got central heating . 
  everyone 's got smartphones . 
  everyone 's got a social life . 
  the world is changing . 
  i admit that it 's not changing for the better , but that was n't the question . 
  the question is whether marine le pen can win , and she really really can . 
  when did that start , in your opinion ? 
  you mean i 'm in a position of experience to understand how my country descended into insanity ? 
  you have a point . 
  you do realise that this subreddit spends a great deal of it 's time railing on muslims , right ? 
  your unity and diversity shtick is just cherry picking at it 's best . 
  marine le pen will probably win in 2017 . 
  this subreddit 's own animosity is a pretty good bellweather of how people across france feel about islam , and for the rest of the gaps i 've got my own ample experience of france . 
  globalism is failing . 
  you keep telling yourself that . 
  it 'll brave the downvotes and predict a le pen win in france next year and the italian referendum backfiring spectacularly . 
  the river of opinion is flowing against globalisation . 
  european democracy is the next domino to fall . 
  it 's already creaking in britain . 
  i staple the daily express to my front door posts to deter evil spirits . 
  these people were promised everything and they are stupid and paranoid enough to have believed every word . 
  there are many leavers who knew what they were getting into , but the overall majority have been gaved like geese with anti-eu propaganda . 
  [ this is how the daily express responded to an eu regulation on energy efficiency in household electronics ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jfpu66j.jpg ) . 
  so yes , those people are real . 
   the supremacy of the will of the people that has never been a factor in british democracy . 
  it has always been the will of parliament , and the public have the right to organise a house of commons to debate , make and unmake the laws of the land . 
  `` and turn their women into concubines . '', 
  neither does theresa may . 
  i smell a trade deal with turkey !, 
  exciting !, 
  that was the most unsubtle hot mic video ever . 
  he knew what he was doing . 
  but i loved every second of it . 
  it 's pretty legible . 
  i disagree though . 
  he 's essentially saying that the italian psyche and culture requires corporatism to succeed . 
  he 's using ( shaky ) anthropology to prescribe policy on the basis that it will stick to the wall in that culture . 
  i am :(, 
   he cites ken clarke 's new book in which the veteran politician states that if people were asked whether they 'd like a national gallery or a funfair they 'd say a funfair . 
  ken clarke : the best prime minister britain never had . 
  someone 's got to make sure the phones work i guess, 
  it bums me out that we 're not a part of this . 
  hang in their buddy . 
  brexit 's gon na make us so rich . 
  i can feel it . 
  ~ everyone, 
  i highly doubt that even the british people would elect the fascists in ukip . 
  leave.eu 's facebook page is borderline calling for revolution and the idiots are going along with it . 
  why are you marked as a friend on my reddit account ? 
   tories will whip it this issue is bigger than any parliamentary whips . 
  if may tries to get a quick win with a whip it 'll blow up in her face . 
  i reckon a snap ge in the new year . 
  if the ld 's can make the richmond by-election all about stopping brexit * and * *** win *** then that 's basically half their campaign advertising right there . 
  in a ge all about the eu there 's no way that the present 40 % majority for the tories is going to hold any sway . 
  this is the more exciting that the referendum .
