  greenwald would never do that . 
  to be honest , i find your response to the article 's argument of ` collapsing cultural cohesion ' to be wishful thinking . 
  the general islamaphobia in europe ( and not just on / r/europe ) is evidence enough . 
  one guy was so obsessed with it he slaughtered teenagers in norway , and two guys in london quite literally butchered a guy in the street . 
  collapsing cultural cohesion is a serious problem and security risk that europe faces . 
  racism and nationalism are on the rise and i personally do n't think it 's just a seasonal reaction to the downturn . 
  depends on how you interpret the phrase ` military power ' in geopolitical analyses . 
  usually you 'll find that the phrases ` military power ' and ` defensive capabilities ' are not synonymous . 
  globally ? 
  yes we have zero military power . 
  not a single nation state in the eu can project power around the globe any more . 
  it requires alliances . 
  britain and france could project power together , but alone there is little they can do . 
  a depressing read but a lot of the points stand to reason . 
  * collapsing demography * zero military power * collapsing cultural cohesion in particular resonated quite strongly . 
  the future is not bright . 
  how big are the boeing deals ? 
  what 's the airbus market share in japan now ? 
  j'aime la france . 
  exactly . 
  if obama deserves one , we all deserve one . 
  he made a cheap an unnecessary insult against me when all did was try to placate his misplaced rage . 
  do you just follow me around and argue with me over nothing or something ? 
  in almost every thread i post in in / r/europe you appear and argue over non issues . 
  i bet you 've down voted me so many times the voting score in res is bright red so you realise its me straight away . 
  its him !, 
  its him !, 
  i must argue with him because he is a dickhead !, 
  you are such a fucking loser it is difficult to fathom . 
  what are you 17 years old or something ? 
  you 're trying to argue and insult my intelligence over the fact that i explained someone else 's joke the appropriate way . 
  if you have a problem with the misuse of / r/polandball 's humour because the british ball is supposed to speak in correct english omgitstheendoftheworld then take it out on the guy who broke the universal laws of / r/polandball . 
  piss off you vapid little boy . 
  you need to calm down . 
  the other guy 's comment was a joke . 
  stop taking everything so seriously . 
  there are these things called internet memes . 
  they can be described as in internet ` in-joke ' . 
  recurring themes which might include parody of things somewhat well known online . 
  you should look them up . 
  then you might understand the connection between `` britain can into warmth now '' and / r/polandball . 
  i hope they go to prison for breaking the law . 
  warmer winters and milder summers . 
  a steady 10-20 degrees all year round , with two weeks near 0 and two near 30 . 
  miserable . 
  / r/pollandball, 
  hey , that 's actually pretty good . 
   un-backed study which warns many countries are not ready to cope with ageing populations no shit . 
  roma . 
  they actually used the word persecution . 
  is that the french border in the distance ? 
  you do all realise that you sound like nigel farage , right ? 
  this is what he 's scared of , and why he wants to break ties with the eu . 
  primarily so that eastern europeans do n't get into the green and sceptred isle . 
  i think that is what has happened . 
  so you 're in the army , i take it ? 
  thank you . 
  is there a source for this to confirm ? 
  i really do n't get my people hate wind farms . 
  i drove down to provence for the holidays and we past a few in france . 
  they 're really quite elegant . 
  i thought it was ` balkish ' . 
  so you 're saying the solution is cold weather ? 
  interesting ... 
  hold on a sec , guys . 
  * dusts off ss uniform * ok , i 'm good to go . 
  lighten up , germany . 
  it 's ok sometimes . 
  why would you drop good food on the floor like that ? 
   you always get some assholes , it is sort of in the nature of law . 
  it is like demanding a certain standard for evidence in court - that means that some wife killing asshole is going to walk . 
  i do n't understand people who are ok with having a justice system that works 95 % of the time . 
  again that 's a bunch of spin , but this time from desportes . 
  obama is n't responsible for hollande 's gungho attitude . 
  what 's obama supposed to do ? 
  just go along with a war because hollande wants to even though there 's a doplomatic solution available ? 
  hollande painted himself into a corner on that one and if anything obama threw hollande a bone by saying , ' i read your article . 
  do n't drop the bombs . ', 
  you ca n't call it contempt every time your ally makes a different call to the one you make . 
  that strikes me as a bit of spin , to be honest . 
  general desportes did n't say ` the fact that they told us last minute shows great contempt for france in that our alliance is not at the top of their agenda and we are therefor an afterthought . ', 
  he said `` obama 's u-turn reflects great contempt for france . '', 
  he seems pissed that they did n't go to war if anything . 
  exclusivity is the way forward . 
  because s/he 's doing europe for a year . 
  thank you . 
  that 's actually quite interesting , but sadly even more unfortunate . 
  i had pneumonia when i was a baby and lost about a kilo when i should have gained one . 
  i 'm lucky to be alive . 
  it left me with asthma as a result . 
  is it known why they do n't get vaccinations ? 
  is it a result of false information in the community or are they just being hippies ? 
  i know in the us there was that whole jenny mccarthy lie with autism and mmr being connected , but is it the same in europe ? 
  causing harm and distress to a child is child abuse . 
  shaking them to get them to sleep is child abuse . 
  using them as an ash tray is child abuse . 
  smacking them for fun is child abuse . 
  using them as a maid is child abuse . 
  telling them they are worthless is child abuse . 
  forcing them to engage in sexual activity is child abuse .
