  very rarely some adults . 
  they 'll put you in hospital . 
  interestingly , kids usually recover in a week or two . 
  adults can take much longer for all traces to disappear . 
  dat ass, 
  i got a proper laugh out of that on a bad day . 
  cheers . 
  red deer will fuck you up in mating season . 
  richmond park is proper awesome at that time of the year too . 
  so much rutting . 
  and a regular top half finish is pretty indicative of them being big club before abramovich turned up . 
  personally i see homewrecking as pretty sinny . 
  psg are so plastic it 's an insult to football . 
  at least chelsea and city are two of five or six big clubs . 
  and chelsea was always a big club . 
  lol you actually think that would work ? 
  lol do n't be silly . 
  everyone knows what really matters in life is the passionate ideals of students with no experience of a career , reputable social circle , or long-term financial investment . 
  i mean who cares about marriage and fidelity . 
  it 's 2015 . 
  i mean come on . 
  come on !, 
  it 's just living in the same house as your children and having credibility among your peers . 
  who cares . 
  no biggie . 
  it 's not just emails though . 
  it 's credit card details and billing addresses . 
  `` honey that could have been any james whitaker . '', 
  `` the credit card was registered to this post code . '', 
  redditor not knowing what quotation marks look like . 
  is n't sen indian ? 
  thanks , joker . 
  thank goodness you are here to highlight that when a soldier dies no one minds because it 's part of the plan . 
  `` she was asking for it , your honour . 
  just look at her . 
  she made a her choices . '', 
  what difference does that make ? 
  just look at the prevailing attitudes in society . 
  `` we 're all bi but we settle into a sexual mask in adolescence '' and all that horseshit . 
  never mind we 're all biological machines following the innate urge for our genetics to replicate , hence being straight . 
  fuck that . 
  we 're all into each other and that 's the new politically correct science , or something . 
  i think bisexuality is incredibly complex and they have my sympathies . 
  i 'm not railing on the lgbt community . 
  i 'm simply saying that the fact than < 50 % of british young adults now say they 're completely straight is an indication of the term being abused , and that creates serious problems . 
  i do n't believe that 50 % of the population is n't straight . 
  protecting teenagers who fearlessly brandish the word bi when they in fact are n't is n't helping you . 
  their behaviour only makes bisexuality look faddish and incredulous . 
  except you 're wrong on all fronts . 
  my oldest friend came out when he was 17 and everyone dismissed him as a liar who was just a clich\u00e9 drama student , including his family . 
  if everyone cries wolf it makes it harder for those who are sincerely gay . 
  75 % of people data mined by okcupid only showed interest in one sex . 
  bi-sexuality , for whatever reason , is used as a front by many people . 
  and that makes it harder for people who are truly bi . 
  you think all those people identifying as bi and yet never making first contact with a member of the same sex is evidence of nothing ? 
  really ? 
  they 're just a ` bit more selective ' of members of the same sex ? 
  i see . 
  what genuine and sincere bisexuality . 
  what real openness to aboard sexual relations with the two sexes with such varying behaviours . 
  clearly the orientation is evenhanded . 
  but not just in one or two people , but a significant majority !, 
  utterly stupefying !, 
  is n't it amazing how anomalies can be as big as barn door when it fits your narrative that the stats be interpreted that way !, 
  it does n't bother me at all . 
  i just find it interesting that everyone is bending over backwards trying to find the one palatable idea which will convince everyone that homosexuality is in fact not completely useless . 
  because the possibility remains that it is . 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  and it 's weakening the fight for real gay rights by trivialising homosexuality as a phase . 
  so what 's the latest theory at the moment ? 
  and how long is left before someone comes up with a new one ? 
  except this ` trend ' can clearly be debunked as self-arrogated labelling by edgy teenagers for disingenuous reasons , as evidenced by the okcupid study mentioned by someone else in this thread . 
  hipsters unite . 
  oh ok so i guess i 'm bi-sexual because i think george cloony is a handsome man . 
  that 's how t works , clearly . 
  yes , the country that has a solid work ethic and routinely works long hours , and into annual leave as standard , is lazy and sleeps in . 
  i completely disagree . 
  if anything this is just evidence of how trendy it has become to consider yourself `` sexually open '' . 
  this is a bandwagon , and it 's cheapening the real fight for gay rights . 
  do you have any idea how much that last sentence made no sense ? 
  do you even understand what apostasy is ? 
  it 's not racist because islam is an idea !, 
  right guys ? 
  nah bro it 's only two months away . 
  look at this sub . 
  we 're the future . 
  we have one too . 
  it 's called nhs direct . 
  it 's also becoming an increasingly british thing . 
  oh man , sealand 's going to be so pissed . 
  which is why we did something about ukraine . 
  try 11 . 
  of course , that depends on your definition of sexual encounter . 
  it does n't bother me , personally . 
  i disagree . 
  the army is n't all about guns . 
  they 're organised in a way in which the cops are n't . 
  military discipline is n't found in the police force . 
  they 're good , do n't me wrong , but cops and soldiers are different breeds . 
  it 's hard to give a fair view .
