  we 're like kindred spirits . 
  o_fortuna . wav, 
  yeah but all those people are old or infants . 
  the flu does n't kill healthy middle aged people and if it does it is exceptionally rare . 
  or they are single white men who ca n't look after themselves for shit . 
  you need to dump your gf op, 
  the article says she has been cured already . 
  in theory it incubates for up to three weeks , so we have absolutely no idea how many other people out there have it but have ' t manifested symptoms yet . 
  who did she catch it from ? 
  where is that person now ? 
  how many others were infected by that carrier ? 
  we could be completely fucked already . 
  we wo n't know until it happens though . 
  when did we start talking about laws like that ? 
  we were talking about theological laws . 
  but you 're pretty adamant that christian law commands that christians kill gays ? 
  still ? 
  and so to refer to an earlier one of my comments , why are n't the other 2 billion christians doing this ? 
  and you think these are inspired by christianity ? 
  do you not think that these are caused by other perceptions of society and social responsibility , and that an inability to reflect on the principle of renewed interpretation of scriptural texts is causing these views to be mired in religion somewhat unfairly ? 
   these laws which laws are we talking about now ? 
  so is it fair to say that religion is the causal factor ? 
  what about other things , such as a cultural perception in the necessity of reproduction as a societal responsibility ? 
  what about education ? 
  what about lack of economic opportunity ? 
  yo 're honestly just going to sit there and draw a causation where no correlation exists and say something along the lines of , ` christians in secular nations do n't do it because they ca n't get away with it ' ? 
  no that 's unfair . 
  i 'll let you explain it yourself . 
  why do you think there is a difference ? 
  so if that 's a law why are n't christians , of whom there are roughly 2 billion , doing it everyday ? 
  edit : for bonus points , why do christians eat pork and goat cheese ? 
  there are no christian laws about slaughtering or oppressing gays . 
  so you 're saying we do n't ignore them outright in defiance, 
  we actually keep a lot of the eu 's rules . 
  here comes the fn . 
  ok then, 
   they theoretically should why ? 
  i 'm british . 
  should i theoretically drink tea because it is the cultural stereotype ? 
  st paul was a neo-conservative reformed orthodox jew who thought that white men ruled the world . 
  and as far as i remember jesus never said anything about gays , and last i checked it was called christianity not paulism . 
  what if a new pope contradicts a dead pope ? 
  ** time vortex unlocked **, 
  do you understand how a rifle works ? 
  because it 's all the rage in paris . 
  * i 'm deeply jealous of the french . 
  kill me, 
  if ya lyke i cun rite it in brummuy cuz that 's wer i 'm frum . 
  * if you like i can write it in brummie because that is where i am from . 
  i think it 's only fair that we all join in . 
  otherwise it risks the british getting ahead of themselves . 
  * i think it 's only fair that we all join in . 
  otherwise it risks the british getting ahead of themselves . 
  you could be clich\u00e9 and talk about how the eu has banded together to get through difficulty , or you could rock the boat a bit and challenge a lot of preconceptions . 
  maybe even your own . 
  what about the danone law ? 
  or the time the germans single handedly decimated the british auto-industry by selling rover ( the uk 's largest auto manufacturer ) for # 10 ? 
  there are plenty of examples of foul play you could write about . 
  oh boy , another anti-eu circlejerk courtesy of a true european criticising the eu instead of one of those fake british ` europeans ' . 
  * oh boy , another anti-eu circlejerk courtesy of a true european criticising the eu instead of one of those fake british ` europeans ' . 
  ah yes . 
  the mysterious ` they ' . 
  are ` they ' the same as ` those ' that killed kenny ? 
  how ? 
  it makes total sense to expand into markets while they are fragile because they are susceptible to drastic change . 
  it 's the best chance you 'll get to overthrow more powerful and ingrained competition . 
  what so all of a sudden france 's past few years are swept under the rug and the only possible reason why he 'd say that france is struggling is because of france 's new budget ? 
  it 's because it 's not the uk making the anti-eu headlines . 
  of course you would n't , you 're french . 
  work in a butchers . 
  or a market . 
  no one , and i mean no one , buys apples or beef mince in grams . 
  no because everyone knows that outside is governed by kilometers . 
  we all go outside every once in a while with our internet tans and you 're , like , the only guy who uses miles . 
  geezz . 
  get it together , ass hole . 
  not enough scorn . 
  please try again for your upvote . 
  because cameron will give a shit . 
  and before we know it we 'll all be blaming france for bringing the eu down from within by making a mockery of it 's rules and institutions !, 
  way to go , france !, 
  so not fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  hahahaha . 
  the united kingdom : multiculturalism at its best . 
  the united kingdom : multiculturalism at its best . 
  we shall see . 
  that 's right . 
  you went there . 
  what about real balls ? 
  what about real balls ? 
  either that 's the wrong thumbnail or sarko has really let himself go . 
  not if israel has anything to say about it . 
  you underestimate europe . 
  a fish called wanda maybe . 
  but lately i 've found that skyfall hits the spot every time i feel like watching it . 
  i really enjoyed goodbye lenin . 
  i was presently surprised . 
  i guess i 'm conventional . 
  i met my wife on my erasmus year . 
  why is this a not-the-onion post ?
