  guaranteed . 
  it was obvious it would turn out this way from the first `` what do you know about ... '' thread . 
  the knuckles have been cracked . 
  on with teh lulz . 
  we ( by which i mean other english people ;-) ) have a superiority complex . 
  this is not bound to political persuasion . 
  what 's this got to do with the current topic ? 
  why is permissive seen as progressive ? 
  you must be a blast at parties . 
  making all that fire and burning all that wood and herding all that cattle . 
  look at what their collective carbon footprint did . 
  this could have been in the daily mail and fitted in just as well to that paper 's narrative . 
  so you just assume that it 's harmless ? 
  well , if we 're going to decide what children need protecting from based on their development why is porn not discussed in decent detail ? 
  and what makes you so sure the same ca n't be said for accidentally stumbling upon bdsm aged 9 ? 
  so why do we stop kids from gambling ? 
  yeah , of course . 
  alcohol has addictive qualities , so we keep kids away from it . 
  gambling has addictive qualities , so we keep kids away from it . 
  apparently porn has addictive qualities , so what could possibly go wrong if we did n't keep kids away from it ? 
  here 's one http://www.socioaffectiveneuroscipsychol.net/index.php/snp/article/view/20767, 
  how would you like it to work ? 
  what would you add to the curriculum ? 
  their language is insane . 
  we call it mancunian . 
  : envy :, 
  * board, 
   i often just nuke the flame war threads as they add nothing to the conversation and are a negative influence on the community . 
  i like the part where free speech . 
  just to make us all a little bit sadder . 
  good spot, 
  i think regardless of what happens , things will balance out at some point . 
  the idea of a world with many developed nations having a locus of geopolitical influence anywhere at all is kind of nonsensical . 
  we 'll have to all learn to get along . 
  good article in the sense that it makes its point . 
  i agree on the eu referendum point , but in general i do n't think illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay just because we want to be diverse and liberal . 
  i 'm all for immigration ( wife 's french and we plan to move to france at some point ) , but it should be legal . 
  however , ` tackling it ' by driving around intimidating posters is moronic and shameful in the extreme . 
  i would add , though , that i expect to see lots of countries do this over the next few years . 
  every demographic study i 've looked at shows the rise of megaopolises of 20m people , and the biggest targets are places like london , paris and berlin . 
  if we keep up the policies of the past then quite simply europe will have too many people for it to cope . 
  with 10 billion people in the world all following the tried and true migration patterns of moving to developed areas ( typically for economic opportunity ) , it spells very rough times for europe . 
  it 'll be grim but i imagine many other countries will start ` throwing up the barricades ' as this article puts it . 
  because we suck ass . 
  bleeding baby boomers . 
  they get in the way of everything . 
  free account gets you five article a day . 
  have you never done cultural studies ? 
  i 'd say lazy and uninformed . 
  maybe if i knew what i was doing i 'd be more proactive about it , but my it gcse was creating a budget spreadsheet for a family working out energy expenses . 
  i 've got a great handle on my finances , but do n't understand much about internet security if i 'm honest . 
   but that 's another matter no it 's not . 
  if privacy was such a big deal to you you 'd have seen the signs and encrypted your data long ago . 
  no offence . 
  ca n't be arsed . 
  what do you mean ; ^ '' * lulz * '' ? 
   it is said that by the time he had stopped his 10 year march across asia there was not a single inch of his body that was not covered in scars . 
  seems legit, 
  pobodies nerfect, 
  `` i agree with nelson because he beat the french . 
  might i suggest henry v who also beat the french ? '', 
  heads of state are always heads of state . 
  they 're supposed to be above politics . 
  hence why france 's president appoints a prime minister , or why the potus is n't allowed before congress except for the state of the union address , when he explains himself and his vision for the country to the policy makers . 
  there are no `` two hats '' . 
  personally i 'm going to go with the opium wars . 
  `` we want all your silk . '', 
  `` that 'll be # 10,000 of you pounds . '', 
  `` how about a vial of opium instead ? '', 
  diplomacy and the right hand of fellowship are good for all of us , and are at the heart of european ideals . 
  except for israel . 
  two world wars and one world cup . 
  lol . 
  you fool . 
  twitter is useless and is for girls and their duckfaces . 
  not rapid dissemination of information . 
  all hail the glorious nerd master race : the only valid opinion . 
  pfft . 
  this is bs . 
  i follow a few government twitter feeds [ mostly for teh lulz . 
  ... mostly ] and i get much more than 10 a day . 
  it 's an eu yes , compatriot . 
  i ca n't decide if the use of the english language to answer this is unfortunately ironic or an intentional tool to emphasise the point . 
  i think the only people who do like it are young internet users . 
  i would . 
   they have thighs with us since after the ww2 and it wo n't stop now . 
  ooo . 
  do n't * tease * me !, 
  there was a bomb blast in iraq today . 
  killed 20 people . 
  why are my tv shows still on ? 
  where is the massive international manhunt ? 
  9gag is everywhere in france . 
  everywhere . 
  reddit is hardly used or even known . 
  it was meant to be an arbitrary selection of characters to avoid being doxxed . 
  not that i was planning anything ` untoward ' . 
  well shit , quas4r . 
  we agree on something . 
   how many languages do you speak in total ?
