  stiffs like you are the reason why we 're not on mars yet . 
  ca n't you people see that social , cultural , economic and scientific advancement await behind the barrier of a second sexual revolution ? 
  that does n't change the fact that tsipras ' words as quoted above are effectively echoed around berlin these days . 
  i think tsipras is an utter twonk but the rebel in me has to admire what he 's doing to give the bird to the eu establishment . 
  this will be good for the uk north east . 
  a lot of experts and accompanying salaries are about to descend on the town of blyth and towns within commutable reach . 
   meanwhile germany is saying the same thing as tsipras in moscow . 
  true , but who will cave first ? 
  i imagine the east side of the eu is probably stretching their collars at things . 
  russia 's getting ballsy . 
  who will be next ? 
  it sure as hell wo n't be ireland . 
  in an ideal world there would be maybe less than a billion humans . 
  shit happens . 
   will be violating the nuclear non proliferation treaty . 
  who cares ? 
  people violate international standards all the time . 
  no one gives a shit . 
  just look at this subreddit 's reaction to france 's fiscal policy . 
  once again , pastafarianism targets the wrong party with its protests . 
  not really , they 've achieved making themselves look ridiculous . 
  in contrast , does the law look ridiculous when it calls for clean shaven police officers unless the officer is sikh , in which case a male officer is allowed a neatly trimmed beard ? 
  such oppression . 
  so what have they achieved so far ? 
  a teenager getting to wear a pasta strainer on his head for a driving licence photo ? 
  i see , i see . 
  how are they getting the law fixed if they 're only getting more religious freedoms for themselves ? 
  if a protest driven by satire backfires who looks silly ? 
  which is why satire only works as comment , not as protest . 
  brussels m8, 
  that 's a failure of the legal system . 
  making that an issue of religious freedom and protesting religion is targeting the wrong entity . 
  the kansas state department board of education let people off the hook for murder and/or child abuse for religious reasons ? 
  what about speeding ? 
  shoplifting ? 
  grand theft auto ? 
  because if they did then that 's a problem of secular law enforcement , not the abuse of religious freedoms . 
  then the point of pastafarianism was pointless , because you ca n't use religious freedoms to claim whatever you like . 
  is anyone let off murder because of religious reasons ? 
  child abuse ? 
  satire needs to be clever to work . 
  my criticism of pastafarianism is that i 'm 100 % positive that if they were humoured they 'd turn themselves into a full blown cult . 
  if i was budget holder at that university i 'd humour them and give them a dedicated room just to see them turn into a cult and undermine their entire argument , or else turn themselves into a frat house that protects itself through claims of religious freedom , becoming the best hypocrites known the mankind . 
  satire works as comment . 
  not as protest . 
  the potential for total data transparency is so massive , but people like secrets . 
  i would wish them well , but it would feel empty and slaktivist . 
  the reality is that none of us can do anything about it . 
  while putin continues to play the part of a tyrant who seems ready to drop nukes , however , i doubt anything will change . 
  leave it to the telegraph to crucify french politicians . 
  in theory 0/french . 
  the history of our language is one of a slut who got around and picked up everything form the clap to aids . 
  in practice , we 're secretly pretty chuffed that we 're the home country of the international lingua franca ^ * [ lel ] * and are n't keen to see it change . 
  but we 'd never say that . 
  on a scale of 1 to / u/dclauzel how nationalistic are you over your language ? 
  holy fucking shit . 
  just . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  who else is at risk ? 
  the kids who had the vaccinations ? 
  i get very concerned when i see society kicking in people 's front doors and claiming it 's more important for people than families . 
  where does it end ? 
  licenses to be a parent ? 
  it 's an extension of the same principle of ` society knows what 's best . ', 
  very concerning . 
  the clips are only like 1 second long , there are four of them , and they are n't consecutive . 
  they may have done that to avoid a lawsuit . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  it gets better https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb28wmv7wue the button appears at the bottom for me , next to the settings and screensize toggles . 
  try this one https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfaicb7ymmy, 
  the clever ones are fun . 
  did you see the darude - sandstorm added to all youtube videos ? 
  too close to the bone . 
  coupled with the abuse it suffered by roy hodgeson last summer , this has sent my inner child over the edge . 
  he jumped . 
  i found april fools jokes funny when i was in primary school , then they went away for a long time , and then america forced the world to shovel down their shit with the power of the internet pushing april fools out there like it matters . 
  april fools is immature and totally pointless . 
  would love to see one of these for all meps and their expenses . 
  it 's known that ukip abuse the system but i 'd love to see a ) how isolated it is ( n't ) , and b ) the media shitstorm that would ensue . 
  the best it ever saw was william hague . 
  man 's got wit in spades . 
  i disagree with scottish independence . 
  i think the snp have built up a rhetoric of ` fuck the english because they 're english , ' and it 's been legitimised by popularity , and i think they do n't know when to shut up , but scotland could go it alone . 
  it 'd be a train wreck and they 'd lose stuff like free higher education and prescriptions once the oil ran out , and heaven only knows what would happen if they jacked up the oil price when selling it to other countries , but they would n't get crushed like catalonia ( most definitely ) would . 
  is that for real ? 
  you got a source on that ? 
   advanced society please define, 
  he 's the guy who gave federalists a chance to show the world their dream in action , and he was told to fuck off to the sound of federalists believing things will change by arguing about stuff and not doing anything . 
  2pm bst - bull shit time, 
  bst, 
   less snow, 
  the future of tv is subscription services . 
  guy makes claim with nothing to back it up , then fails to deliver . 
  more at 2 . 
  i find it pretentious bull . 
  * cultural victory , bitches . 
  suck it . 
  it 's 2015 !, 
  where 's my spaceship !, 
  guy makes claim with nothing to back it up .
