  there is no latent zeal for european unity lurking , ready to be unleashed , just under the surface of british society . 
  nervous urging from keen europhiles that the remain campaign show more `` passion '' about the joys of european integration are , i 'm afraid , too optimistic about the public 's appetite for such entreaties . 
  `` britain stronger in europe '' has conducted the focus groups , commissioned the polling and tested out its messages and on that informed basis is concentrating on the risks of brexit and the transactional benefits of membership -- a case , in other words , that rings true to a sceptical audience . 
  yet there is nonetheless a place in the pro-european toolbox for the sort of arguments put forth by mr obama . 
  for too long the leave crowd have got away with painting the pro-europeans as the gloom-mongers , the people who think britain so small and insignificant that it needs to hug tight to its sclerotic neighbours . 
  in this vision , the bold and ambitious national strategy is to break loose and reemerge on the world stage . 
  `` britannia can rule the waves again ! '' as one brexiteer put it at a debate i recently attended . 
  the retort , which the remain camp could perhaps make more often , is the one put by the president . 
  britain has long pushed the eu in a liberal , outward-looking direction . 
  think of the lisbon agenda to make the eu more competitive in the last decade , the eastwards expansion ( one of the most significant triumphs of british foreign policy in decades ) , the iran nuclear deal , the moves towards ttip today . 
  as president , mr obama has broadly neglected the transatlantic relationship , but tellingly even he has been moved to urge britain not to perform such a self-mutilating move ( damaging to his country too insofar as a dynamic and effective europe is in american interests ) as to throw all this away . 
  and all that is without britain much bothering to use the eu to project its interests . 
  compared with its neighbours , it does little to push its brightest administrators and politicians into the european institutions . 
  until recently mr cameron had few real europe experts in downing street ( compare that to the german chancellory , which has almost an entire wing devoted to europe policy ) . 
  apart from a handful of europhile and europhobe die-hards , few mps are much interested in the eu ; attendance at the european scrutiny committee in parliament in the 2014-15 parliamentary session was just 48.7 % . 
  some of david cameron 's european policies -- pulling out of the european people 's party , his botched veto in 2011 , threats to endorse a brexit vote last year -- have hardly helped the country 's promote its agenda in brussels . 
  given how much britain manages to influence the eu despite all this , what it could achieve if it actually tried ? 
  if it resolved , over ten or fifteen years , to remake the union in the british image ? 
  that ambition is less far-fetched than it might look . 
  new geopolitical and security threats play into britain 's long-standing desire to make the eu more outward-looking and security-conscious . 
  the urgent need to make europe more competitive -- an agenda now being championed even by the french and italian governments -- similarly responds to traditional british priorities . 
  for all the talk of integrating the eurozone , fellow northern european member states will want to ensure they are not simply yoked to poorer , more sluggish southern economies . 
  other non-eurozone states will be wary of caucusing and want to ensure that the eu continues to operate at 28 rather than 19 . 
  both of which developments create political opportunities for britain . 
  indeed , eurozone or no eurozone , no eu state has an automatic claim to leadership . 
  france is a major military power but has a struggling economy . 
  germany is an industrial powerhouse but reluctant to lead on defence matters . 
  neither has a global financial centre to rival london . 
  in a europe of overlapping and concentric circles , perhaps britain , an unsentimental member state with one foot in europe 's centre , one in its periphery and an eye on the wider world , is best-placed to lead . 
  the demographic and economic shifts of the coming years also bear consideration . 
  by 2030 , according to some estimates , britain will be the largest economy in the union . 
  it is also on track to overtake germany and become its largest member state . 
  that in itself should pay dividends -- numerical , in the parliament and institutions -- and symbolic . 
  for the reasons explained above , i am not convinced that all this should be the backbone of the remain case , useful though mr obama 's intervention today is . 
  but it does give the pro-europeans something with which to parry eurosceptic defeatism ( `` britain has virtually no influence in brussels '' bellowed a recent express headline ) and accusations of talking down britain 's prospects and ambitions . 
  perhaps the moment at which to make this argument in full will be after a remain vote ( if indeed that is the referendum 's outcome ) . 
  if his gamble pays off mr cameron will have a window in which to reframe his country 's place in europe and describe a new course , before eyes turn to the next big political drama : the battle to replace him . 
  a path forwards to sceptical , pragmatic british leadership in a continent that badly needs it would be a legacy indeed . 
  as mr obama might put it : `` yes we can ! '', 
  if it makes you feel better to win this internet fight then you go right ahead . 
  but the fact remains that they do n't suddenly turn into immigrants because a bunch of unelected people put ink to paper in ireland . 
  they 've still fled a war and are seeking refuge . 
  the water 's muddy because there are so many free loaders feigning to be refugees , but that does n't mean we should look to assist refugees . 
  the fact that you jumped the argument and took offence when i said you 're not kind pretty much says everything about your mentality . 
  you 're really not a compassionate person and are wrapped up in the media hysteria of economics and politics being the most important aspects of your existence . 
  how crushingly , crushingly sad you are . 
  good luck to you . 
   this is some 1984 shit , where you reject subjectivity in favour of raw sentimentality . 
  hahahahahahahahaha . 
  have you read 1984 ? 
  good gracious . 
  this has been hilarious . 
  thank you . 
  oh man , a full blown reddit slapfight with a guy claiming to not be angry . 
  it 's been so long . 
  what a friday . 
  you dehumanise them by ignoring their circumstances and the lives they 're actually living and replace it with a version you can rationalise and ignore . 
  you strip them of their reality and conceptualise them as numbers on a page and start talking about economic models and esoteric policies . 
  there . 
  dehumanisation . 
  also , i did n't say anything about immigrants . 
  i 'm talking about refugees . 
  i will defer to the judgement of someone who can dehumanize refugees so effortlessly . 
  it would appear that it takes one to know one . 
  i am cut with an edge, 
  the best kind of sex, 
  look how angry you are . 
  you should consider spending time with another person and consider what it means to be a kind person . 
  we 're talking about refugees . 
  people fleeing a war . 
  how humane . 
  yes because that will work . 
  sounds about right . 
  that 's not how negotiation works . 
  they have unilateral control of the bosphorus strait . 
  that is a huge ' i can do what i want and get away with it ' badge . 
  in a perfect world where the democratic wishes of the people living in eu countries have a say , yes . 
  but politicking among the elite is a powerful force . 
  i think tv in general is pretty weak . 
  breaking bad was an exception because it was so dark and mundane . 
  if europe stands up to turkey they 'll just ship the syrian refugees over themselves . 
  osborne is such a shill . 
  i 'm not fan of the idea of boris being pm , but it will at least be amusing to watch him get beaten in the next tory leadership election . 
  but what happens when they join the eu ? 
  netflix is crap . 
  in the uk it 's just stand up comedy and a few lame movies . 
  it was good for breaking bad when i worked my way through that but the rest of the tv shows are awful . 
  only once you tell us the secret to lucky charms . 
  amazon prime is the worst of everything . 
  you need to pay a subscription fee to access the limited streaming options , and then you need to buy the other stuff and have it bound to amazon apps and devices . 
  why would anyone do that ? 
  it 's good for kids . 
  we keep it for that . 
  only because of the tories . 
  new labour were giving away a grade a-levels . 
  and then we complain that immigration barriers are kept low to import talent . 
  the logic is that each group of people have their own mp to represent local issues . 
  it works at times , but mostly it 's just annoying . 
  tribalism is rooted in pretty much everything about british life . 
  we 're not united , so it stands to reason that lots of people do n't like the idea of uniting with europe .
