  most of r/sweden is probably american redditors reading up on the promised land . 
  no way , man . 
  we should all fund france 's agriculture . 
   the little dots i lolled . 
  we call it braille . 
  after the great british scientist , alexander nobel . 
  a good way to raise cash might be to auction off the first print sheet , uncut . 
  i imagine some rich collectors with too much money would have a fight over it . 
  it 's essentially free money for the commission . 
  why not do it ? 
  too much religion for my books . 
  yes , it 's called the fruits of european federalism . 
  have fun , guys . 
  i doubt it . 
  the geopolitical nexus of power is moving to the pacific . 
  the us might actually want a means of keeping the nexus as close to the atlantic as possible before china becomes the world 's economic powerhouse . 
  best way to do that is to have a strong eu . 
  this just makes me want to kill myself . 
  constitutionally , the president can grant citizenship to whomever he chooses . 
  wtf is ` london city ' ? 
   the russians are fun yeah . 
  that 's nice . 
  have that , you bunch of thieves . 
  ya mom . 
  oooooooooh !!, 
  bu it 's so on the money right now . 
  i think inbred is a tad far , but for the most part i agree . 
  very little makes sense here . 
  it 's all about the individual . 
  conservative ideas ( and there are some good conservative ideas ) have been completely and fully marginalised and demonised . 
  unbridled liberalism ( and i think liberalism is a good thig when tempered with common sense ) has completely transformed society in about a decade . 
  we 're stone broke and have no social cohesion at all . 
  i could go on about this for hours , but all i 'd get is downvotes and a few ad homenems to boot . 
  all i 'll say is that nothing matters more than the state of the family unit in society . 
  in britain it is somewhere between a shambles and a disgrace . 
  and no one has the balls to do anything about it . 
  the family ( unit ) is the third rail of british politics , and no-one dares go near it for fear of alienating some minority group . 
  and now that the imf is dubious about austerity , / r/europe likes it again . 
  glad to see the french narcissism is still there :p, 
  surely preserving less-used languages for conservative reasons is resisting progress to a type 1 world . 
  any particular reason they chopped up the countries the way they did ? 
  dude , science and mathematics are n't important any more . 
  we have ideology now . 
  we 're so free of religious dogma that we can go back to that time , except without god . 
  this is so progressive , rational and logical . 
  so are banks , apparently , and then there was the libor scandal . 
  you think insurers -- read : financiers -- are n't in cahoots with each other ? 
  how ignorant can a person be ? 
  what has that got to do with anything ? 
  when in reality all that will happen is that insurers will take a windfall by increasing women 's insurance rates while leaving those of men exactly the same . 
  feels good man . 
  this does n't deserve to be downvoted because it is true . 
  sow disharmony within the eu, 
  you know how sarcasm and nuance are lost on the internet ? 
  yeah . 
  but it 's right next to oxford circus !, 
  that makes it cool !, 
  the fast stream service 's finest hour . 
  how utterly humiliating . 
  two !!, 
  and yet germany will come out of this on top and still the leader of europe . 
  / u/kubelecer : master of deadpan understatement, 
  what do you mean by realistic approach ? 
  she 's just telling other countries outside the eu what to do now . 
  it 's shocking . 
  it is amazing that merkel is somehow not being dragged through the mud . 
  if hollande or cameron had invited all refugees and then started talking about quotas and started shoving immigrants into other countries there would have been sheer hell to pay . 
  how merkel has kept clean after ineptitude of this measure is utterly stupefying . 
  why do they serve fish in french schools on friday ? 
  yes, 
  i have n't seen a single person on britain mount a serious campaign to make censorship statutory law , and i certainly have n't seen one gain serious traction . 
  choosing the not offend people out of a petty sense of anger does not mean that i am self-censoring . 
  pointing out that people are foolish to put their lives at risk by laughing at psychopaths does not make me a coward for not joining in . 
  i will be very interested to see how these people respond when a nursery school gets shot up , with the terrorists saying that it was in direct retaliation to these cartoons . 
  i wonder how quickly they will backtrack when it 's tearful white parents with families torn apart demanding their political careers be hoisted up for carrion . 
  what happens when their malaise stops being about economic maltreatment from the west 's big business style abuse of their oil , and starts explicitly being about their faith ? 
  what happens when it 's not attacks on adults ( the wtc was a place of work for adults , remember ) , but starts being attacks on the children of infidels ? 
  and as a direct consequence of the offence given by civilians ? 
  how will you hide behind the corrupts government 's actions then ? 
  these cartoon 's are moronic because they 're playing with fire . 
  why do you think the mainstream , respectable , likely-to-actually-lead politicians steer clear ? 
  why is it only the fringe ideologues who engage with this sort of activity ? 
  and it would n't be reddit if did n't automatically assume it was correct . 
  thanks , mate . 
  means a lot . 
  thing is , i do n't think you free speech fanatics really get your own position . 
  no one cared about offending muslims until they did . 
  you only care about this because muslims offend you . 
  and that 's fine . 
  a lot of their practices offend me . 
  but i 'm not into retaliatory offence , claiming that i 'm not involved in some kind of ideological conflict . 
  you claim the moral high ground yet provoke them just to get a rise . 
  that 's juvenile . 
  i have spent over three decades not caring about needlessly offending muslims . 
  how am i a coward for continuing on the path i was on before they started attacking my way of life ? 
  i 'm not the one bothered by them , wasting my time thinking about ways to offend them . 
  but seeing as though they 're essentially calling me out to make a choice between the right to life and the right to freedom of speech , i rank those the same way as the un , and the right to life wins . 
  i side with life every single time , mate . 
  you can harp on about `` if it makes you want to kill someone , you need psychological help . 
  if you kill someone because of it , you need to be in jail '' as much as you like but what happens when `` you '' is the guy in the morgue ?
