  britain is ukip . 
  the most damning part of this article is  cameron is `` a perfectly nice fellow who stands four-square for nothing , '' miliband a `` nice chap , not very worldly -- i would love to see him in a working men 's club in newcastle '' , while liberal democrat leader nick clegg -- who took on farage in a tv debate last week -- was a `` very nice guy , just wrong '' . 
  because he 's actually spot on . 
  really ? 
  you mean rich old people who like their countryside ? 
  sadly new labour politicized this song forever because i ca n't hear it without seeing a young tony blair waving from a balcony with his mop blowing in the wind . 
  which is sad because in terms of elections and excitement for the future that democracy naturally engenders , this song is the tits . 
  song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtvt-h4du9a, 
  it 's actually called the avoirdupois system . 
  and it is french . 
  `` hey , guys !, 
  you wan na get in on this ? '', 
  it 'll be fun ! '', 
  nato would do nothing . 
  bring forward pls, 
  you would enjoy [ @bescherelle ] ( https://twitter.com/bescherelle ) on twitter personal favourite : https://twitter.com/bescherelle/status/441154853268512768, 
  omg they actually did it, 
  iris agree with some of them and think the rest need careful consideration . 
  honestly i think this is one of those things where we should have just ignored the rules we did n't like anyway and do our thing . 
  a lot of other countries do . 
  the seven points lifted straight from the article : 1 . 
  powers flowing away from brussels , not always to it 1 . 
  national parliaments able to work together to block unwanted european legislation 1 . 
  businesses liberated from red tape and benefiting from the strength of the eu 's own market to open up greater free trade with north america and asia 1 . 
  uk police forces and justice systems able to protect british citizens , unencumbered by unnecessary interference from the european institutions , including the european court of human rights 1 . 
  free movement to take up work , not free benefits 1 . 
  support for the continued enlargement of the eu to new members but with new mechanisms in place to prevent vast migrations across the continent 1 . 
  ensuring britain is no longer subject to the concept of `` ever closer union '' , enshrined in the treaty , to which every eu country currently has to sign up . 
  only if your picky . 
  dear sweden , why are you so cool ? 
   the ecb could easily print 100 billion euros and it would not even have any impact on inflation or external value of the euro . 
  that would be sexual harassment . 
  it was a joke . 
  but nonetheless your rebuttal was a sterling example of how there is no translation for the word fun in french . 
  is that the chernobyl knuckle duster ? 
  that headline sounds like the start of a stripper routine . 
   we 'd gladly take the money they do n't use for their military budget and use it in ours interesting choice of terminology for a farming subsidy, 
  if civ has taught me anything , it 's that a big technologically advanced civilisation needs a big army or your outlying cities will be taken . 
  everyone short russian bonds, 
  why ? 
  `` scottish oil '' ? 
  i see the propaganda is in full flow . 
  merkel is literally secular jesus to the guardian . 
  for some reason . 
  i love france and i find the telegraph amusing . 
  i 'm so torn . 
  spooks , man !, 
  spooks !, 
  the balti belt . 
  you raise a fair point , but at this stage i am starting to think that either a landlord tax or a land value tax is the only way to make things fair for everyone . 
  it would arguably be unfair on the basis that you 're demonising one section of the public ( the wealthy/ier ) and bleeding them dry out of what would look like spite , but if the uk property market is a sign of things to come then frankly we need to find some kind of reset button on those markets . 
  the uk property market is effectively broken , and will only get worse as time goes by . 
  the cost of property is a massive barrier to entry ( and freely availably credit is - as very recent history has demonstrated - not exactly an effective way of mitigating that barrier ) , and even then it 's been abused to the point that it 's becoming hard to trust . 
  if the british mindset that ( a ) ` every man 's home is his castle ' and ( b ) the belief that you fundamentally deserve to make money on your home when you sell it ` just because ' starts to spread around the continent then we 're all buggered . 
  on ' 3 ' you can get a one day pass for # 5 . 
  keep meaning to change but they 're otherwise cheap and the coverage in the uk is n't awful . 
  and at least if you get messed around you can rest assured that it 's because they 're crap . 
  when o2 mess you around you get angry about rich people and the man screwing the little guy . 
  that does n't exist with 3 so much . 
  it feels cheap so when it breaks you think , ` well i guess i get what i pay for ' . 
  but the question remains : if stormfront agree with curbing immigration , who is the real downvote brigade ? 
  i agree . 
  if this were the forming of a new government it would relevant but currently it 's quite irrelevant . 
  sangatte fights back . 
  that is an equally valid point but ultimately i disagree with how democracy is playing out in this instance . 
  i disagree with the burqa but i think people should be free to do as they please . 
  my rights are not harmed by the burqa so i do n't see why it should be banned . 
  in my view laws should n't be made to placate the majority at the expense of the minority . 
  that , in my mind , is populist . 
  when policies benefit all people then it a law worth making and enforcing . 
  but are you really that oppressed or threatened by women wearing headscarves or some dude wearing a cross around his neck ? 
  is the social fabric of france really going to fall into the abyss because women are following their faith ? 
  and another aspect of all of this is , how is this all not a form of censorship ? 
  is it really worth placating the angry mob of french people at the expense of an even angrier ( and violent ) mob of a religious minority ? 
  surely driving a wedge between people is going to weaken your social contracts more than allowing people to wear a burqua . 
  ideologically it makes me baulk . 
  pragmatically it 's high risk for the sake of what ? 
  wow you really moved the goal posts quickly on that one . 
  do you honestly think that 's a good idea to live in a society where the majority tells the minority what to do when it comes to basic freedoms like what you choose to wear ? 
  what are you going to do when you find yourself in the minority ? 
  i 'm completely stupefied by this . 
  are you really ignorant enough to bank your entire future on a precedent that the authoritative state has unilateral control , and are you really foolish enough to believe that it will always be on your side ? 
  so what are they going to do about it ? 
   `` cave in to demands from foreign nations '' we 're not talking about demands for foreign nations , we 're talking about french ( and eu ) citizens . 
  hey cool . 
  we doubled the population of luxembourg . 
  i 'd answer that , but 1 . 
  i 'd be accused of ` godwining ' 1 . 
  accusations of populism only work in / r/europe when we 're talking about the uk, 
  in that case i do n't need to do anything to highlight the apathy of france in seeing its freedom of expression being baselessly restricted . 
  for ` the group ' . 
  so if a private employer wants to pay people $ 1/hr that 's ok ? 
  i mean , her , it 's a private company , right ? 
  anything goes . 
  so naive it 's untrue . 
   godwin 's law people who invoke godwin 's law should be shot . 
  it achieves nothing but demean your own position . 
  you have not rebutted my argument at all . 
  you 've just had a bit of a one-man circlejerk over a tired meme which is on it 's last legs , and it 's on it 's last legs because people are starting to realised that it adds nothing to discussion and does so in the worst way possible ; that is to say , not only dies it fail to contribute to the argument but it actively detracts from it by drawing attention to itself . 
  it 's also idiotic because it somehow attempts paint valid arguments as stupid for no reason other than the fact that godwin somehow did n't like hearing that particular argument .
