  he 's going no where . 
  spain might drag him through courts a few times at best , and they already do that . 
  he looks like a studio ghibli villain mid-transformation into a marshmallow . 
  you 've gone to a lot of effort there to say , ` money is more valuable to me than the lives of fellow citizens , ' and ` terrorism is equal to murder . ', 
  one shows that you 're pretty cheap and shallow , the other is misguided . 
  murder needs a cause . 
  terrorism needs none . 
  that 's just legal definition . 
  in terms of risk management , i can mitigate the risk of being murdered by not being a dick to people , i.e. 
  not giving them cause to murder me . 
  there is no personal social responsibility which mitigates the risk of terrorism . 
  if they decide to blow up your train , they blow up your train . 
  if they decide to shoot up your kid 's nursery , they shoot up your kid 's nursery . 
  if they decide to sink a cruise liner , they sink a cruise liner . 
  there 's noting you can do . 
  so processing the risk of terrorism and coming out with the output of , ` worry about the money ; life is cheap , ' puts you on a par with isis putting more stock on their oil field revenue than their own ` soldiers ' . 
  take a bow . 
  euro 2016 . 
  my feelings !, 
  at the age of 15 this quote seems cool . 
  not having a legal identity could be pretty problematic in the modern world . 
  that 's a pretty weak attempt at spinning my words . 
  my problem is with anyone being blown up by terrorists . 
  you apparently seem to think that a 100 % chance of 600 people being killed in a football stadium bomb is acceptable , because there 's only a 0.0001 % chance ( or less ) that it will affect you . 
  that 's self important of you . 
  and no criminal could steal all the money . 
  take it from someone who works in a bank . 
  the security around financial payments - something with which i am intimately aware - is immense , and not subject to weakened encryption laws . 
  find a better argument . 
  that last one has been found out . 
  ok , but why should free communication exist when someone has to foot the bill for the telecommunications network on which that conversation takes place ? 
  it has to be paid for somehow . 
  why should a company set up wires and switches so that you and i can send stuff down it free of charge , free of consequence ? 
  yes , just like penalties are explicitly anglican when they go in . 
  it talks about buy-to-let not rent , boys . 
  shut up, 
  looks like my son 's wedding selfies are going to be very different to mine . 
  why does this take balls ? 
  terrorists would laugh with this , not take offence . 
  they 're punching downwards at victims . 
  that 's not the point of satire . 
  or just respectful of the implicit right of victims to grieve , instead of engaging in schadenfreude while people weep . 
  ya know . 
  tact and all that . 
  wow you use the word `` retard '' as a pejorative . 
  you really are an edgy 14 year old . 
  they 're not targeting anything of any value . 
  i 'm not filled with self-importance like you . 
  everything that matters to me is already ` in the cloud ' and it 's there because i put it there . 
  do you still use a pocket ledger and a cassette player by any chance ? 
  there 's no need to be a prick . 
  i do n't believe they will be better deals . 
  i 'm still leaning on remain because i 'm conscious that we need more from the eu than the eu needs from us . 
  but i highly doubt that the eu would be as vindictive as scaremongerers like to claim . 
  vitriol and cynicism are not at all the same thing . 
  and i 'm completely indifferent to the issue of privacy . 
  higher powers have always had access to my data . 
  always . 
  i need a licence to drive . 
  i need to register a car for it to be road worthy . 
  i need exams to get a job . 
  i need an address to access basic services . 
  identity has always been a currency used to trade for important services . 
  nothing has changed in that regard . 
  people are just crying because they 've realised that people have been taking notes and they did n't realise . 
  absolutely nothing i have said is vitriolic . 
  are you just hypersensitive or something ? 
  the leave vote is snowballing . 
  more and more people i know are converting . 
  i myself am finding it hard to justify the eu these days . 
  a lot of the arguments i have used myself just feel empty . 
  at a recent dinner party , in response to someone 's claim that britain would be the sick man of europe again , the rebuttal was that the eu is terminally ill . 
  it got a few laughs but the point was clear ; the eu needs britain , and we 'll get a free trade deal that will be pretty good . 
  it 'll be 60-40 by june 23rd . 
  we have n't even got the campaigning yet , and i find it hard to believe that the remain campaign ( s ) are sitting on magic bullets they 're waiting to unveil at the 11 ^ th hour . 
  they 've come up with nothing truly compelling so far and it 'll look tired and worn out when the campaigning starts in earnest . 
  also boris johnson 's popularity . 
  goodbye , eu . 
  but people are stupid enough to fall for it . 
  i find it mad that you rationalise unnecessary deaths as ' a few terrorist attacks ' . 
  get some self respect . 
  those are human lives that are lost and left in tatters at the death of a loved one . 
  and yet you willingly expose others to those risks and then have the audacity to start grandstanding . 
  grow up , kid . 
  privacy is an outdated notion . 
  even sex , the most private experience of all , is now consumed as a form of voyeuristic entertainment on a mass scale , with virtually no one stopping to think about the hidden consequences of that cultural phenomenon , and what it leads people to subconsciously believe about privacy vs exhibitionism . 
  revenge porn , however disgraceful , is something that many people have to live with and adjust to . 
  there is no such thing as privacy any more . 
  you can fight it all you like but the masses have decided as much . 
  we have a generation who are growing up regularly uploading their lives to privately owned data servers . 
  they do n't care about privacy , and they wo n't care about privacy . 
  you think they 're all going to freak out and have nervous breakdowns when they realise that they have no way of verifying that facebook might not have actually deleted all their data when they close their accounts ? 
  they 'll just rationalise it as a coping mechanism without even realising it and tell themselves that privacy does n't matter . 
  those teenagers will soon be adults and , having grown up being spied on and willingly exhibiting their adventures and inner most emotions post-break up all over the internet , they 'll just live with it . 
  you are on the wrong side of history here , and this is not a ` right and wrong ' issue where you can claim moral absolutism . 
  is it a lack of privacy to have your name and address on a publicly accessible voting register ? 
  is it a lack of privacy to have your browsing habits data mined to target ads ? 
  that practice boosts consumer spending , and in a consumer economy that eventually generates tax revenue which goes into public services . 
  how many lives has the nhs saved thanks to cookies ? 
  we will never know , but it 's not zero .
