  in britain we ridicule them anyway , even when they keep their heads down !, 
  there 's something about the phrase `` grow the fuck up '' that is so ironic . 
  what 's wrong with having nice things ? 
  i 've lived in britain for 25 years and neither of these are true . 
  `` get to the back . '', 
   we dominated the top spot in education for half a decade for many years  for half a decade for many years wat ? 
  where was that ? 
  ### flame-war !, 
  flame-war !, 
  flame-war !, 
  not sure if i agree with this . 
  i understand that everyone wants to have batman-esque principles but that was good ivory , however it was obtained . 
  you 're welcome . 
  / u/cbfw86 *, 
  but . 
  i thought nothing was ready and the town was a mess except the presidential garden . 
  so we agree with krugman today , do we ? 
  ok . hit me with it . 
  how is this all the uk 's fault ? 
  do n't forget views from the tops of mountains , where gypsies fear to tread . 
  the british people are so arrogant it pains me . 
  i 'm still trying to work it out , but the more i think about it the more i think it 's just a giant clusterfuck maelstrom of imperialist sentiment filtering down through the psyche , the history of inventing everything worth inventing ( including america ( ! ), 
  ) , being on the winning side in the world wars , and the school system [ and by the way , has anyone ever told you that britain has the best school system in the whole entire world ? 
  if so , was it someone who was not british ? ], 
  telling everyone they 're a precious snowflake and that their opinion matters , even when it 's total dross . 
  and then people have the arrogance to sit there and point fingers of blame rather than be slightly introspective . 
  the saddest part about this is that this has become such a shitstorm that we will never really know what happened to meredith . 
  a race to bottom benefits a handful of elites . 
  this is significant . 
  downplay this at your peril . 
  watched l'arnacoeur tonight . 
  almost peed my pants laughing . 
  but . 
  i do n't understand . 
  reddit told me banks were evil and could n't be trusted . 
  what does it change ? 
  that makes you so much better than him . 
  no he 's not . 
  as much as a balls up as iraq was , blair was one-of-a-kind as a politician ( and still is imho ) and will be remembered as a great statesman who made a cataclysmic decision . 
  in time history might even forgive him for iraq . 
  what makes you think aliens would understand ? 
  [ where are you now , haters ? 
   if what was happening in kiev happened in london or dc people would be begging for the rioters and protesters to get shot at by the army/police . 
  i remember being bitterly , bitterly disappointed when the 2011 riots died as soon as riot police showed up . 
  i thought we were in for justice porn . 
  i actually bought popping corn and was ready to watch bbc news 24 all night . 
  that 's not even a joke . 
  in the end i played a couple of levels of donkey kong country returns on the wii and went to bed sad . 
  dangerous and intelligent . 
  it 's a revolution all right . 
   what are the forces that drive people to act in such a violent way human nature  and how can we prevent the sort of frustration and desperation that causes this behaviour ? 
  / r/europe did n't say when putin told them not to intervene in syria . 
  hooray for big business and it 's vested interests . 
  provided those interests align with ours . 
  that 's a pretty utilitarian view . 
  not sure if it 's one i would agree with , personally . 
  i quite like the functionality of german . 
  and french is just pretty . 
  so pretty . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  a religion is n't a group based on the idea of god . 
  atheism can very easily be a religion . 
  saying ` it ca n't be by definition ' is somewhere between cheating and lying to one 's self . 
  i honestly do n't know if i think war will ever break out in europe again . 
  i want to say it will one day , however far into the future it may be , because that 's what humans are like and i really do n't think we have changed ( and i do n't think we can ) , but i just do n't see war breaking out again . 
  ever , ever again . 
   i feel like everyone adopting english would be culturally detrimental honest question : why ? 
  is one language ` better ' than another ? 
  or are we talking about resisting the influence of the big bad americans ? 
  you are missing something . 
  anything can turn into a fervourish cult . 
  if fevourish cults are a hazard of the human condition ( and they may not be , but in today 's current society and modal thinking they are certainly considered to be ) then [ in my opinion ] there is no idea which can not inspire one . 
  to suggest that atheism `` ca n't become a religion by definition '' is so ignorant and smacks of such self-aggrandising hubris that i honestly do n't know how to react to that . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's in full flow right now . 
  `` proposition x. '', 
  `` proposition y , you asshole !, 
  hypocrite !, 
  that disproves your populist proposition x which we all share but refuse to admit right now ! '', 
  as if suddenly / r/europe cares about politicians even remotely changing their stripes . 
  farage says something slightly leftish and / r/europe collectively shits a brick and lubes up . 
  two days ago the fucking * president of france * sacrificed his socialist political identity and campaign promises upon the alter of supply-side economics . 
  / r/europe 's response ? 
  `` hey cool , a view from the top of a mountain , '' and streetlights from space . 
  this place is nothing but an echo chamber . 
  my only lament is that / r/europecirclejerk ca n't get its shit together . 
  with no tree there is nowhere to go to pluck the low hanging fruit or jerky goodness . 
  this forum is about decrying names we do n't like , irrespective of what they actually say . 
  get with it , jb, 
  this again . 
  i was teasing . 
  but i think the spirit of your point was that people in power use propaganda to marginalise opposing points of view as ` illegitimate ' or ` radical ' in an attempt to secure their own grip on power . 
  this is true , and we see it again and again in history . 
  that said , i do think that the eu , particularly the commission , treat euroscepticism like progressives treat conservative ideas typically : old , out-of-date , no longer useful , and inherently flawed because it 's not espoused by progressives . 
  define `` real freedom of speech . '', 
  polygamy will be normal and legal before i am old . 
  i guarantee it . 
  now that the taboo around homosexuality is quite literally dying off , next of society 's sexuality agenda is polyphilia/multiamory . 
  once that 's done and my kids are actively and openly tapping all their friends who are openly tapping all * their * friends ( ` get with the times , dad . 
  monogamy is so 2010 . ' ),
