  the sun turned up the heat , and the man took it off to enjoy the weather . 
  i think that 's applicable to europe 's approach to islam . 
  if you take your * flingues * to a woman on a beach and tell her to get her kit off you invoke national scandal and ( deservedly ) ridicule . 
  if you teach muslim children the values of secularism then they will choose those values . 
  it works in plenty of places . 
  look at islam in britain . 
  traditional arabian clothing is no where near as common as it is in france . 
  the problem is n't islam . 
  muslim immigrants have integrated in plenty of western countries . 
  the psychopaths are a different issue . 
  the problem is france , and france needs to accept that . 
  it can start by dealing with the elephant in the room : the algerian war . 
  this has just made my day, 
  are you saying anders breivik was right ? 
  russia : your local north korea, 
   i felt like crying on my way to the airport . 
  what is it with redditors and crying at banal shit ? 
  i can hear the car horn fights from here . 
  if the use happens france wo n't exist anymore . 
  england wins . 
  it reminds me of that phrase : spend your way out of debt . 
  do n't go into business . 
  emotional responses do n't bring prosperity to anybody . 
  ok so first of all it 's not necessarily a good principle that people move as freely as money or wares . 
  people need to be accountable to laws and each other , and are very different from toasters and # 50,000 . 
  secondly , your last sentence is pretty ineffective . 
  we all know the problems at hand but just expecting stupid people to hear sense is pretty stupid in it 's own way . 
  visa waivers . 
  i 'm not saying you do n't have a point , i 'm just saying that there are workarounds . 
  the question is whether or not the eu will be agreeable to workarounds . 
  it 's not like we 're north korea or syrians of questionable recent activity . 
  a great many of us are going to pay the price for populism on both sides . 
  there 's very little practical reason why we ca n't trade goods with each other without the diplomatic dick waving . 
  we still control gibraltar and half the english channel . 
  well that is what makes this a political issue . 
   he says he has been told steven woolfe `` picked a fight with someone and came off worse '' ah ukip politicians . 
  `` he started it . 
  no sympathy . '', 
  [ for those with a certain sense of humour ] ( http://i.imgur.com/spzfpkg.jpg ), 
  protected by laws because the alternative is messy, 
  the ` racists and bigots ' 1 % belong to the 52 % . 
  the ` entitled millennials who actually voted ' 1 % belong to the 48 % . 
  keep digging . 
  the exit to that hole is around there somewhere . 
  i 'd take offence to your snobbery but you vote labour , mate . 
  a chav with taste is like a whore who issues receipts . 
  what 's embarrassing about finding obama slow jamming the news funny ? 
  i watch celebrities on jimmy fallon . 
  is this the same as dark matter but more politically correct ? 
  i do n't see why not . 
  my uncle was a farmhand his entire life . 
  he was really good at it too . 
  there 's no reason why british people ca n't work the land . 
  they 've just grown accustomed to being snobby about it . 
  people in britain , by and large , do n't want guns . 
  this is an indication of increasing gang activity . 
  henry cavill is crass and tacky . 
  his appearance on jimmy fallon was so lewd and base . 
  when all you can do is make sex jokes you know your sense of humour stopped developing at the age of 12 . 
  eurosceptics spent 40 years complaining i that they lost with 30 % of the vote . 
  your demand that 48 % sit down and shut up immediately is n't even contempt . 
  it 's fucking brain dead . 
  go read a book you twat . 
   the 48 % : `` do n't blame me ; i voted remain . '', 
  fixed that for you . 
  go tell that to the 52 % . 
  the 52 % : `` i do n't care . 
  your job is to give me exactly what i voted for . '', 
  why did n't you start with spring ? 
  my head hurts . 
  pay your taxes , luxembourg . 
  if it 's fake it 's just for publicity and attention . 
  they can get more out of selling the story than they can out of an insurance company . 
  less lawyers too . 
  those headlines about the shocking state of global wealth inequality are n't kidding , mate . 
  melt the metals and re-cut the rocks , if lester taught me right . 
  if they 're both in line with eu regulations then it 's ok . for now . 
  i 'm sure , but it 'll kick things off across the eu if germany fixes its banks with state aid . 
  just imagine what ireland and italy would think :-o, 
  germany could easily bail deutsche out but there are myriad eu consequences which prevent them from doing so . 
  the eu diplomacy shit show is what 's binding government hands here , nothing else . 
  just wait for the oil to run out . 
  that is some next level shit, 
  come on man . 
  do n't be such a saudi in in your attitude . 
  op is n't your slave . 
  charge what the market can afford . 
  / r/assassinscreed, 
  dammit !, 
  so many angry upvotes . 
  this news story is hilarious, 
  it wo n't collapse . 
  they 'll bail it out . 
  it will open the door for italy to do the same . 
  all will be well . 
  public will be outraged . 
  media will manufacture the idea that the eu saved the situation despite the fact that the eu is largely to blame ( for restricting german and italian sovereignty to do what it wants with their economies ) . 
  all will ~ ~ be well ~ ~ limp on . 
  do n't worry . 
  many people are excited with the idea of germany taking a lashing .
