  you set up the system in the first place which puts the authority in place . 
  do you not get it ? 
  pretty much everyone outside the eurozone is looking at the rich countries inside the ez thinking , ` what were you all thinking ? ', 
  you did n't even try to send them over . 
  do n't move the goalposts and start talking about whether they 'd have allowed them in . 
   plus : it is commonly assumed that the members of the eu behave honestly and honourable to each other . 
  hence the spying . 
  as to the rest of your comment , the whole point of a spot audit is that you test one or two key criteria and if those check out you assume that the rest do too . 
   not to mention that greeces administration is so chaotic that not even the greek government truly knew what was going on . 
  and despite this observation you insisted on sharing a currency with them . 
  nice . 
   yes ` highly trained auditors ' that are not allowed to actually fact check any of numbers provided by the greece government as i 've said elsewhere , if you wanted to go into currency union without the necessary checks and balances then that 's your own stupid fault . 
  but what 's happening in greece does n't rescind the rest of the eurozone of any of the responsibilities placed on them to make smart decisions . 
  if there were no systems in place to make sure that the eurozone members were acting in a sustainable way then that 's your own stupid fault for creating a currency union in the first place without the necessary checks and balances . 
  ridiculous . 
  so you 're saying that greece started using the euro and the eurozone never bothered to check anything ? 
  and you 're playing the victim here saying that greece screwed you ? 
   there was no audit if there was no audit then what criteria did they have to meet to be granted entry into the euro and how was that measured ? 
  because where i 'm from the process of reviewing and approving an application is considered an audit . 
  everyone 's waiting for the verdict . 
  but i expect a run if greece default . 
  i genuinely feel bad for greece . 
  i feel bad for italy , spain , portugal and ireland too . 
  forced to swallow austerity being force fed by a greater power , and all for the benefit of that greater power . 
  but to be honest , i would love to see the troika get their underpants pulled down to their ankles in full view of the whole world . 
  they deserve nothing less . 
  heartless exploiter it is, 
  `` you 're gon na open your mouth , and you 're gon na swallow what i give you to swallow , like a true european . '', 
  `` i wish i could tell you that greece fought the good fight , and the troika let her be . 
  i wish i could tell you that - but the eurozone is no fairy-tale world . 
  she never said who did it , but we all knew . 
  things went on like that for awhile - life as the eurozone 's bitch consists of routine , and then more routine . 
  every so often , greece would show up with fresh austerity policies and cuts . 
  the troika kept at her - sometimes she was able to fight 'em off , sometimes not . 
  and that 's how it went for greece - that was her routine . '', 
  it 's about the euro . 
  greece joining was about the euro , keeping greece afloat was about the euro , and the current situation is about the euro . 
  everyone knows it . 
  and instead of acting as a bloc in the interest of keeping the euro credible to investors , the factions have broken up and seem more concerned with their own national economies . 
  that 's the big picture ; crumbling solidarity out of what is essentially a diplomatic variant of war fatigue . 
  an opportunity to demonstrate solidarity has been thrown away in favour of tribal warfare . 
  what big picture do you see ? 
  it continues to amaze me that no one shows any remorse in all of this . 
  how did greece even get past the german auditors to get into the ez in the first place if not for the vested interest in making the euro look flush with prestige and power in it 's fledgling years ? 
  saying , ` greece cooked the books , ' when you have a fleet of highly trained auditors is like saying , ' i had no idea i was supposed to actually drive this delivery truck to another destination . ', 
  and yet the troika insist on washing their hands of all responsibility . 
  it 's like watching your friend drink themselves to stupor and then saying that there was no obligation to say , ' i think you 've had enough , ' until it 's too late and he 's comatose and in need of a liver transplant . 
  the whole thing is a joke , and watching the eurozone eat itself and blame everyone involved as separate parties , the antithesis of the ideals of the european project , would have me eating popcorn while watching the news were it not for the impending humanitarian crisis which is going to hit us like a tidal wave in about four month 's time when the post-tourist season 's first figures are released in october/november time . 
  try all you like , but germany 's reputation as a global leader is going to take more than a couple of knocks over this . 
  you put the euro first , not the lives of greeks . 
  you have to face up to that at some point . 
  and all while maintaining the farce that the eu can advance to an ever closer union . 
  it takes two to tango . 
  saying that this is all greece 's fault is like saying that the financial crisis had nothing to with banks giving money to bad borrowers . 
  you all gave them that money to begin with , despite clear warning signs that things were grim . 
  you were too concerned with the euro and it looking great to realise you were poisoning the patient . 
  do n't blame this all , on greece . 
  it looks pathetic . 
  in the uk the coverage is pretty mixed , unless i 'm a total idiot . 
  on the one hand , you have the view of , ` there 's nothing else for it , greece has to face it 's reckoning . ', 
  on the other there is an air of , ` ha !, 
  stupid euro . 
  we told you so ! ', 
  then there 's also the view of , ` there goes the european project . ', 
  ` poor greece ' is an attitude that gets voiced . 
  ` the rich shoudl cover the bill , ' is something i 've heard . 
  it 's not as clear cut here . 
  i 've never heard anyone talk about things in terms of how much it has cost the average briton . 
  that element does n't fit into it at all . 
  greece is on the verge of collapsing into an abyss of depression and desperation , and all europe can do is argue about which economic theory is better and whine about tax money . 
  talk about fiddling while rome burns . 
  you had your chance to show the world the meaning of solidarity , european project . 
  the fox has been shot . 
  you are now banned from / r/planetside . 
  boy , it 's a good job italy just took in all those migrants from north africa !, 
  what the hell is a furry ? 
  here lies / u/cbfw86 brother , lover , redditor cut by an edge rip, 
  what kind of sad person works out the figure ? 
  i have to say o agree with this completely . 
  greece tried to oppose austerity and they were crushed by the powers that be . 
  we should be on greece 's side on this , surely . 
  watching / r/europe go from laughing at austerity politicians and state that you ca n't strangle life into a cat , to a complete 180 and say that greece has brought this upon themselves , is kind of a clear example at how fickle this subreddit is . 
  i mean seriously . 
  how quickly can you be swayed by media agenda ? 
  it will lead to borderline civil war . 
  if there are n't riots tomorrow i 'll be surprised . 
  i do n't think that 's going to happen in the next 72 hours . 
  just a hunch . 
  it 's going to be pure armchair politico porn . 
  why not both ? 
  op pls * dick . 
  give us an update , you tosser *, 
  so people can keep talking vitriol in the comments of the stuff i post there ? 
  great !, 
  we 're about to witness everything wrong with direct democracy . 
  media spin , politicians lying , the public thinking they grasp the situation even though it escapes some of the world 's most talented economists and there 's still no consensus . 
  it 's going to be a real shit show . 
  get ready everybody . 
  it 's going to beautiful . 
  news is news , that 's true , but i really do n't want this place to turn into stormfront 's favourite haunt .
