  it 's obviously infinitely complex . 
  how can you assess ww2 without ww1 ? 
  how can you assess current views without analysing the modern status quo ? 
  what i will say is that british people are very proud of their liberal heritage ( even conservatives are economically liberal ) , and ww2 is a touchstone/hall of fame achievement which evidences that . 
  we won and most people do n't understand why the uk is treated with such contempt by wider europe , at least politically . 
  cameron 's europe speech was a huge success in massive swathes of britain because he starts off by saying that british soldiers lie forever dead across europe having paid the ultimate price for european freedom , and some people felt that that needed to be said , given how britain has been painted as babies who throw toys out of the pram . 
  there 's no expectation of eternal gratitude , but it throws people into a spin when they remember that somehow britain has become ` the bad guy ' of europe . 
  i would actually do this . 
  but i 'd never tell any of you my reddit username . 
   pretend, 
  he got the skull one . 
  it 's bottom of the range . 
  i 'm going to need more outrage . 
  can you beef it up a little ? 
  `` children unzipped my fly . 
  then we fell down the stairs together . 
  it was dreadful . '', 
  it 's in the news . 
  few people care . 
  i mean really care . 
  the shock is gone . 
  now it 's just , ` who 's next ? ', 
  at this point the only way it would shock people would be if it happened within the last 10 years , but now it just seems the 70s and 80s have been written off as , ` here be pedos ' . 
  you should check out the pedo apologia of reddit . 
  it makes you vomit a little bit . 
  and yet the ones who claim to be the victims in all of this are the germans . 
  amazing . 
  greece being used as a permanent reminder if how bad things could get if the populace does n't swallow the establishment 's rhetoric of neoliberalism is the end game . 
  praise be mighty europe . 
  all hail the euro . 
  and that 's just to avoid permanent depression . 
  think how much we 'd have to cough up to actually fix the country . 
  you really think that if we present out ` proposal ' to the eu table that they 'll give two shits ? 
  we tried that . 
  they said no . 
  all that 's left is to make demands under threat of leaving . 
  this is just going to end badly . 
  we 'll be out by 2020 at this rate on the back of a second referendum . 
  renewed mandate for what ? 
  a stronger euro , a weaker pound , france and germany opening up the treaties to fiddle with them as they see fit , and then we get nothing . 
  people will be incensed . 
  are you one of those people who thinks that we should all hold hands and be bffs too ? 
   in any case , no one member state can or should be making demands . 
  suggestions should be put on the table and decided on democratically by the representatives of the people of the eu as a whole . 
  do you understand what a demand means in the context of a negotiation ? 
  or are you taking a very juvenile approach and thinking that ` demand ' inherently means banging your fist on the table ? 
  ` we should all table our ideas and discuss them as a group like gentlemen ! ', 
  how silly . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if you do n't fight for something against a majority you 'll never get your way . 
  decisions are n't made via secret ballot . 
  this is a working relationship between countries . 
  not marriage . 
  stay out of my country 's diplomatic service . 
  you would be a disaster . 
   if one of our suggestions is not acceptable to the rest of the union , then it should rightly be rejected . 
  yeah and we should rightly leave . 
  why stay if all of our demands are shot out of the sky ? 
  what 's the purpose of staying in a union when it 's a net loss ? 
  you seem to think that all member states are as valuable to the eu as each other . 
  that 's just not the case . 
  the only leverage we have is to threaten to leave . 
  as soon as that is nullified by a renewed mandate for another 30 years then our demands will be ignored . 
  the eu already has what it wants from britain : lots of money . 
  because otherwise britain will get absolutely nothing from the reforms . 
  we 're not stupid . 
  they really just need to have it out . 
  everyone has a shopping list . 
  the should have discussed opening up the treaties and gotten on with it . 
   before that happens , no-one dares to openly address reforms . 
  which is moronic because there are a lot of people here who are waiting for discussions on reforms . 
  are they too busy with the eu ? 
  * checks to see if beating france * * smiles * * upvotes * * leaves *, 
  so things are going so well in germany that they 've descended into personality politics because there 's nothing serious to discuss ? 
  oh go fuck yourself you self righteous speck . 
  except it 's not going in the wrong direction . 
  treating the dross that people shit all over their facebook and twitter feeds as worthy of the same protections of the print media , while having none of the responsibilities , is going backwards . 
  but applying existing laws about abuse to written conversational words is common sense . 
   we can ignore extremist islam without any serious consequences just deaths . 
  just people blown up . 
  just families torn apart . 
  parents burying their kids . 
  no biggie . 
  let them be the collateral damage so i can circlejerk over a picture of mohammed . 
  nice , mate . 
  real nice . 
  that 's a pretty sad straw man argument . 
  i do n't think they 're all that different . 
  at the core you have the belief that every man was a king . 
  sure . 
  but was n't manifest destiny just the 19th century iteration of american exceptionalism ? 
  you mean native americans ? 
  i 'm pretty confident that if someone protested a funeral they 'd be arrested for breach of the peace . 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  what i do think is ridiculous is the idea that all speech on the internet should be subject to the same laws as freedom of the press . 
  just because it takes the form of words which are read does n't , in my view , mean it should be subject to the same laws as all other print . 
  if we 're going to accept that online conversation is the new normal then i think it should follow the laws of regular conversational speech . 
  but i 'm not censored . 
  what am i not allowed to say ? 
  why should a privately owned newspaper be allowed to keep hard drives containing information deemed by experts to be crucial to national security ?
