  it 's true but i 'll take what i can get . 
  we 're not stuck with you . 
  you 're stuck with us . 
  science : a kind of magic, 
  pretty much all american men are cut , and they do n't exactly come across as the most sexually repressed society on earth . 
  loved this movie . 
  really good . 
  it ties people 's hands . 
  in the uk there is a lot of chatter about open door immigration , and it 's a very real concern for a country which already has one of the highest population densities in europe . 
  if we had the ability to decide how many people came into the country i think a lot of people would have a more favourable view of the eu over here . 
  for some people the objection really is a single issue . 
   easy target to blame  south, 
  welcome to the ape cage , fellow ape, 
  all this time i thought gelderland was a fictional location invented for a knight 's tale . 
  we could call it redditland . 
  are britain totally alone when it comes to views on the open borders stuff ? 
  every analogy has it 's breaking point . 
  but we have the right to be angry !, 
  ~ germany, 
  `` you complete me . '', 
  ~ ~ ~ joker ~ ~ england to ~ ~ batman ~ ~ france, 
  the power of propaganda . 
  for france , the researcher included the spelling `` crusont '' to capture american users . 
  but we need more political integration as an excuse to save the euro , which was always set up as a political venture !, 
  if we act fast enough we can redefine europe and convince the skeptics that it 's the right thing to do with little consideration for anything other than the economic argument !, 
  if we apply a coat of paint to it it wo n't look like emergency powers !, 
  surely that 's a testament to the power of linguistics . 
  i traded him 25 keys for some buds . 
  the people who agree with him are heavily downvoted . 
  the only sane conclusion is that they knew it . 
  there is no possible way that they did n't know it , barring the most incompetent intelligence gathering in human history . 
  and yet it was the main ideological reason why greece was included in the ez even when everyone knew goldman was cooking their books . 
  if you really believe that no one knew then you need your head checking . 
  like a shitter skoda . 
  good . 
  the imf represents the views of everybody , not the ez , and outside the ez people are much more sympathetic to the greeks . 
  debt relief is the only sensible solution , however difficult it is to swallow . 
  we passed a progressive policy . 
  with a tory government . 
  without the eu . 
  how will the reedit lefty alarmists react ? 
   a scheduled arson how would that not be a part of coordinated political protest ? 
  it 's more like france is the girl you grew up teasing and fighting in the playground , but you had a couple of summer flings as younger adults , and you consider her an ex-girlfriend , but she says it was a fling and she got together with her abusive boyfriend , but you find yourself standing in the rain outside her window , confessing your undying need to make jokes at her expense everyday , and you beg her to make fun of you back , but she just does n't care , so you go home and eat a croissant listening to fix you , and write a facebook status about the emotional heartache of unrequited teasing , and ireland says , ` forget her , let 's go get pissed , ya wanker , ' but it 's not the same , and you spot the nordics looking across the street before being seen and closing the blinds , and the netherlands offers to spot you an ounce , and you 'd do it were it not for the fact that it 's been published on facebook so you say no to keep up appearances but pm him a yes . 
  but secretly you already have . 
  and it 's france . 
  and it 's always france . 
  were they protesting the greek government or the bailout deal ? 
  if everyone does an about turn and starts offering greece debt relief after greece has just been forced to privatise their energy sector , paving the way for german and french energy giants to move in and start making the money , i 'm going lose all faith in the eu . 
  i think he was tired on the campaign trail . 
  i ca n't tell you how many times i 've tried to get through the security barrier at work looking for the slot for my travelcard . 
  brain fade is a thing , and the simplest explanation is that a junior speech write mixed up the claret and blue wearing teams , and cameron just read from the script because it was in front of him and he was tired . 
  says a lot about the 2015 campaign if we 're honest . 
  in 2010 we had bigotted old woman - gaffe for the ages , this year we got a football team wrong . 
  big woop . 
  the football team gaff was 90 % likely to be a junior speech writer who got it wrong . 
  french and german political spats are like watching your neighbours have a domestic in the garden . 
  i 'm pretty sure the context is self explanatory . 
  i would caveat and say that we are interested , but we 'd like some changes . 
  if you would like to convince yourself that this is n't a watershed moment in germany 's reputation on the world stage you go right ahead . 
  near enough though . 
  if germany did a u-turn i do n't think the rest of team germany would stand their ground . 
  yeah but we do n't care about manuel . 
  christopher hitchens was a drunk who believes that the human race is doomed . 
  i disagree entirely . 
  people still choose to get married prior to having children because they recognise it as a foundation for a family rather than ` taking their relationship up a notch ' . 
  and as i 've said , divorce is only seen as a tragedy because of the context given to it by the implicit connection between marriage and family . 
  and i do n't even know what an impulsive marriage ' is . 
  i would agree with that . 
  while greece has to repay lots of debt it ca n't run public services to a decent standard . 
  you ca n't spend money twice . 
  what is spent on debt repayments ca n't be spent on hospitals or on infrastructure maintenance . 
  if you remove the burden of debt repayment greece can actually use what little money it has to actually run the country . 
  you could serialise the internal drama of the tory party and it would put game of thrones to shame . 
  everyone knows that . 
  as for withdrawing from epp , either he made the worst judgement call of his career , or that was orchestrated by others in the party . 
  i would agree with that , but i do n't think that cameron is as weak or powerless as many suppose . 
  i might be totally wrong about that though . 
  ids has managed to cling on for years now , and i personally ca n't wait for that fox to be shot . 
  guy 's a charlatan tosspot . 
  i understand the concerns but bailout 3 is n't a good enough solution to the problem . 
  that money will never be seen again , so they might as well forgive large quantities of it so that greece can try and actually get back on its feet . 
   until things smooth out how many years are we talking ? 
  they should have just offered debt relief . 
  at the very least they should have helped them make bailout 2 work with extensions . 
  the extra concessions are just capitalising on the desperation of a desperate people . 
   spreading anti-eu sentiments in an european forum it 's the best place to do it . 
  they 're not hypocrites , they just reject the argument . 
  that does n't change the fact that it 's a perfectly valid one . 
  severing the connection between marriage and procreation will have unknown influences , and will take generations to reveal themselves . 
  home and family life is already degrading in the west because ` you ca n't say xyz about the kids of divorced parents , ' or because lots of people have had divorces now and no one wants to be the dick who accuses divorcees of flaking and giving up when others worked through the grief . 
  as a result a 16 year old in britain is more likely to have a tv in their bedroom than have parents who are still married/together . 
  is that a good thing , even if it 's a good reflection of who we are as a society ? 
  how will society react when we see panorama in 35 years time with young adults wanting to know why a politically ideological administration decided that they were fit to be raised by two men and were subjected to emotional and mental torment their whole youth by the kids at school , and all because of ` gay rights ' ? 
  will society just say , ` you were the pioneers , look how brave you were as the collateral damage ; there 's always therapy ' or will they say , ` maybe we did n't think this through , and the social conservatives who said that adoption is about the health of the child and not the rights of the parents actually had a very good point ' ? 
  i think we already know the answer to that . 
  he is so pro-eu it almost hurts . 
  he just has things about it he would like to change , like everybody else in the world . 
  he 's got his faults , but reddit likes to pretend his an airhead puppet in place for corporate interests . 
  i do n't doubt he 'll walk through the revolving door into a ridiculous salary when he 's finished in downing street ( like socialist blair selling his keynote speeches for # 100k a pop ) , but cameron is n't satan , nor is he completely stupid . 
  my beef with a privatised energy sector is that it leads to people creaming a profit where , in my view , no profit should be allowed to exist .
