  * votes for russia *, 
  a hip . 
  a hip to the hippy to the hip hip hop ... 
  lithuania : the poor man 's jason donovan . 
  did msi sponsor serbia 's set design ? 
  serbia looks like the bad guy from guardians of the galaxy . 
  i 'm not convinced that the flight of the conchords did n't write cyprus 's entry . 
  face melter from cyprus . 
  that note alone deserves to win , australia . 
  holy shit . 
  exceptional form , poland . 
  this is top lol . 
  lol it 's like john lennon and jonny depp had a kid, 
  france : imagine dragons, 
  germany this is awful wtf, 
  obviously . 
  chasing all the polish people from our island through brexit is just the start . 
  the modern world is n't what francis drake had in mind when started exploring and meeting new people and cultures . 
  holy shit . 
  by technical definition then maybe . 
  my feelings !, 
  this makes me want to play civ . 
  the euro was always about idealism , not economic pragmatism . 
  he may yet be proved right . 
  clearly we should retreat from open dialogue and free trade so we can renegotiate trade deals with nationalistic leaders at the negotiation table with protectionism on their agendas . 
  well you see there 's this history of war like all the time in europe . 
  that 's a really eloquent way of saying , ` i 'm not racist but i 'm totally in favour of playing the man and not the ball . ', 
  nationalism is a pointless waste of time . 
  my life is shaped by principles and ideas which i read in books , and these are very often shared across borders - both ideas and books . 
  i feel more kinship with my friend in paris than i do someone from manchester . 
  why should lines on a map , drawn in blood and steel , define who are my compatriots and who are n't ? 
  the nation state is useful so far as the rule of law matters and needs to be upheld , but i honestly do n't care for national identity . 
  very little of my identity is defined by a flag . 
  and i do n't need to tolerate nationalism just to give thick white people a crutch . 
  worse than mine according to your mom . 
  because britain used to be loved . 
  now it gets pissy when it does n't get everything it 's own way . 
  it 's pretty pathetic to be honest . 
  but we used to waste the eurovision . 
  brotherhood of man . 
  sir cliff . 
  katrina and the waves . 
  we used to be somebody . 
  thatcher died for this . 
  which is why i look forward to it every year . 
  lucky . 
  russia should have won last year . 
  it 's going to be really interesting to see how europe responds to the power vacuum when she leaves office . 
  working the shaft with the top down . 
  i thought this was a cycling joke . 
  too late, 
  it 's surprising to think that spaniards are on average taller than britons . 
  i do n't know why i find that surprising . 
  nutrition . 
  old folks today were born in the 40s and 50s . 
  rationing was still in effect and would have stunted their development . 
  south korean soldiers are on average taller than north korean soldiers unless my biology teacher was bsing me . 
  you can have the genes to be 6 `` 7 ' but if your development is marred by poor nutrition then you wo n't grow to 6 `` 7 ' . 
  it 's ok . technocracy can work . 
  ask the italians . 
  david ` boaty mcboatface ' attenborough . 
  he has binders full of sources . 
  look at that beautiful body of water keeping us isolated and small minded, 
  i remember the shock when i learned that hologram tupac had been shot . 
  what this does n't capture is the deadline up to which point abortion is ok . 
  in some countries it 's as low as 12 weeks , in others it 's much higher . 
  late term abortion is a much more contentious issue . 
  for example , the date in the uk is 24 weeks . 
  the reason for this is that prior to 24 weeks a premature baby ca n't survive . 
  this was cast into doubt a few years ago when twins born at 21 weeks were nursed to full health and have since gone on to be completely healthy . 
  for reference , at 19 weeks the fetus is fully formed and only gets larger/learns new tricks like swallowing amniotic fluid in the womb for the remaining ~ 20 weeks of gestation . 
  but a 19 week fetus looks like a tiny baby with a big head . 
  it can feel pain , react to light , react to sound , and react to touch ( if you poke it it will actively recoil ) . 
  let 's upvote it . 
  i 'm pretty ok with this . 
  desperation . 
  the tories will drive the country into the ground . 
  sadly , the general populace are so stupid that they ca n't see that voting for the tories makes their lives worse . 
  how does that meet eu health and safety regulations ? 
  so you 're saying it can actually work one way ? 
  interesting . 
  i miss bordeaux . 
  my cat 's better than that thank you . 
  just punch someone in the face . 
  it 'll make you feel better . 
  i plan on it . 
  hopefully , but ` better the devil you know ' are words that many people live by even if only subconsciously . 
  if there is a terror attack close to election day le pen could see a huge swing . 
  i agree . 
  kudos to russia for balancing out her support and giving her some heavy donors . 
  macron vs le pen would be unpredictable . 
  are the french so scared of le pen that they 'd roll the dice on macron ? 
  what do they think of an untested independent who 's an absolute wild card with zero precedents on what he 'd do and how he 'd govern ? 
  the onus is n't on the eu to make a decision . 
  legally they are in no position to make any such claims . 
  nothing has changed until a50 is executed . 
  what a silly comment . 
  name an organisation that does n't . 
  you honestly believe that the rights of pro-european british citizens are at risk by an organisation which has n't sought change over the pre-existing terms ? 
  are you paranoid of ghosts in your attic as well ?
