  the first one is the most racist thing i 've ever seen in mainstream media , and only one french person i 've meet can see the problem with it . 
  we have plenty of shitstorms to keep us insane here . 
  i voted remain . 
  english will cease to be the international language ? 
  why is this labelled `` m\u00e9ga sujet '' ? 
  is france still trying to regain the title of ligua franca for it 's official language ? 
  d'awwwww . 
  the federal europe flag is potentially misleading . 
  for all we know op could be greek . 
   it means far more efficient expenditure and organization . 
  you do n't know much about the eu do you ? 
  apple wo n't pay and apple wo n't have to move away . 
  simple as that . 
  you really think the people of europe are going to abide an iphone embargo ? 
  lol . 
  edgy, 
  apple did pay their taxes though . 
  the eu has no executive authority to force countries and companies to act in the way they want them to . 
  i feel that this is an important point that / r/europe and federalists in general do n't seem to understand . 
  she does n't have a prayer . 
  this can only escalate until they start locking people up , and as soon as europe starts locking people up because of agreements they signed which do n't involve the eu then it 's game over for europe 's attractiveness to foreign investment . 
  apple do n't even have to win the staring context . 
  they can blink away and nothing will come of this . 
  it 's a lovely gesture and popular with consumers but ultimately she has no ability to force them to pay up . 
  she 's going to lose and the eu will look idiotic as a result . 
  who was frigg ? 
  you will be among them no doubt . 
  `` we should create a scenario whereby jingoistic slogans become mainstream in our politics . 
  the affirmative response these slogans will create will help to validate racist people into thinking that many people agree with them , and that they 're ` taking their country back ' by ` putting britain first ' . 
  nativism , friends . 
  nativism . 
  that will create the kind of healthy , robust dialogue necessary for our social discourse , and help to heal a society which is struggling to cope with the kind of rapid change that we 've precipitated and demographers have predicted for some 30 years as the growing global population keeps migrating from developing to developed world . 
  nothing can possibly go wrong as a result . '', 
  `` good thinking , dave . '', 
   since when is saving live just philosophy ? 
  since forever, 
  it will be there in 40 years ' time . 
  overtly racist and too aged to support its pensioners . 
  ashcroft was bitter . 
  it was n't dispassionate journalism . 
  it 's tainted by his emotions . 
  i believe it but only because it seems like something rich kids do . 
  i do n't believe it purely because it came from ashcroft . 
  the country voted for it themselves . 
  he did n't sell anything . 
  he just ave the country it 's chance to make up it 's own mind . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's on tony blair and george bush . 
  that should n't be the states decision to make . 
  too bad . 
  the eu 's only going in one direction , mate . 
  then go choose to do it , without taking the organs of a dead person to suit your own philosophy by default . 
  the sense of entitlement that socialists feel is astounding sometimes . 
  europeans do n't get liberalism do they ? 
  the assumption should n't be that your carcass is property of the state . 
  it should de facto be property of the family if it should belong to anyone . 
  if a hospital used some greedy law to hand be some hollowed out shell of my dad to bury i 'd be offended . 
  it does n't endear my social feelings to know that society demands it walk all over my freedom . 
  my main concern with this is that it will damage social feelings and therefore social contracts , which are already weakening in the west dramatically . 
  i live here and i am yet to see a `` sell your stuff online for 20 % of its price '' advert . 
  which were established by jean-claude juncker no doubt . 
  it is unbelievable that juncker had such a strong hand in making it possible for luxembourg to be the tax haven that it is , and now the federalists are trouncing around thinking they 're the shit because he 's leading them in the crusade against greedy corporations . 
  you could n't make this shit up if you tried . 
  it 's just the telegraph being alarmist . 
  i 'll be surprised if this happens . 
  prisons cost money and they ca n't afford to fill cells with small issues . 
  masturbating in public is n't exactly behaviour conducive to a civilised society and i do n't want to see it , but a heavy fine should be enough to stop people doing it . 
  people are n't really doing it anyway so it 's not like the sky is going to fall . 
  the pot calling the kettle southern, 
  court is only an option if you have the resources to take someone to court . 
  it is not a cheap experience , and you still have to front costs , even if there are laws about the loser paying the winner 's fees . 
  also , not everybody thinks that far ahead . 
  they just want a job and so will sign to get it . 
  is it better to be a principled hobo , or have a nice flat and good food in exchange for waiving a few rights you can build your plans around anyway ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's ok , i 'm simply saying that the reality of life rarely matches the perfect description . 
  the difference is that catholicism was incumbent to france . 
  catholicism is older than france . 
  he 's saying when the chips are down the bluffing stops . 
  france does n't have the balls to fruckoff . 
  it could create a race to the bottom that would ultimately cull people with poor decision making abilities from the population . 
  if duly elected representatives signed a contract saying ` apple can pay 0.005 % taxes ' and that contract is n't found by a court of law to be in breach of laws which existed at the time of signing , then the taxes apple paid are legitimate . 
  this is why we have law - to protect from mob justice . 
  and if you want to demand that your feelings rule the world then you will soon realise that you 're a total fool . 
  meanwhile students on / r/europe demand free stuff from the state . 
   is totally legitimate legitimacy is n't measured by how you feel . 
  it is measured by whether or not a thing is legitimate . 
   because honestly , there 's no way you can say :   `` we funneled money through ireland and then paid barely any taxes ''  `` we paid our taxes due to the state of ireland in full . '', 
  easy . 
   it 's about preventing them having the future prospect of getting a high-paying cushy job at company x while creating the regulations relevant to company x , which obviously removes any sort of neutrality or integrity from the process . 
  how do you know that is what is happening here ? 
  what proof do you have that barroso is corrupt ? 
  eutopians were perfectly fine with barroso 's filandering when he was eu commissioner . 
  they 're all very quick to bang the drum for juncker . 
  but as soon as they start being a smooth operator in a bank they all shit the bed based on zer ohard facts and 100 % innuendo ? 
  pathetic . 
  nothing . 
  they 're free people . 
  merkel is trying to blame her failings on the public . 
  it works when you 're trying to blame your failings on some patsy . 
  that 's the essence of political survival . 
  but merkel does n't stand a chance if she 's going to blame ngos and civil servants for failure to implement her media soundbites .
