  it 's a cultural identity and a grouping of people with common values who are happy to live together under common laws because , even if they play tug of war at who gets to call the shots , generally speaking , because they share the same values and identity , by muddling through the middle ground they 'll find a happy life together . 
  your accusation that i 'm somehow offending years of emotional philosophy is needless . 
   people do n't live in democracies because there is a common demos . 
  people live in democracies because it 's the only system of government that is better than all the others these two things are n't mutually exclusive . 
   same reason they live under a system of constitutional rule of law , of universal suffrage and of diverse amounts of distribution of wealth . 
  this is just pointless grandstanding using clever sounding words while offering nothing of value to the debate . 
  as for shitting the bed over polity , as if that 's justification for the people of europe submitting to the same laws , it 's essentially saying , in different words , ` against the treaties of europe there an be no democracy ' . 
  you 're prioritising a common government for the sake of prioritising a common government . 
   oil ? 
  when has oil ever been needed for eu membership . 
  never because no one has any except norway and the uk , but if you do n't think that it would be a big reason to try coax people so you can get your hands on it tariff free then i 'm not sure how you think trade works . 
  wow . 
  i 'm impressed at how many words you just put in my mouth . 
  where did i say that people should be brought into line ? 
  who says that 's how i feel ? 
  is this the only way you can interact with people on the internet ? 
  you read something you do n't like , frame it as debate , and then put words in people 's mouths in order to ` beat them ' at something they did n't know was a competition ? 
  grow up . 
  are you a student or something ? 
  there 's no single demos oppressing the scots . 
  they voted to remain part of the united kingdom . 
  yes , the four cultures of the united kingdom are distinct and have recently started to drift towards nationalism , but this trend is being seen all over the world . 
  but there 's no oppression . 
  all people still vote in general elections and submit to the same laws coming out of westminster . 
  the united kingdom remains a single demos . 
  what the hell are you even talking about any more ? 
  you just run out of tether and so go on personal attacks about dunning-kruger , thinking that 's a clever phrase ? 
  what next ? 
  `` straw man '' ? 
  people live in democracies because there is a common demos and people are willing to share with each other their decision of who should run a common government . 
  what exactly has a polity got to do with this ? 
  using polity as a trump card over a demos is bureaucracy for bureaucracy 's sake . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  scotland has oil . 
  and on what basis does scotland need the eu ? 
  most of it 's trade is with the rest of the uk . 
  to kill it dead . 
  feeling more of one thing does n't mean they do n't feel the other thing . 
  i feel british and english . 
  it depends on where i am and what i 'm doing . 
  but your vacuous internet attacks hurt my feelings , if it makes you feel like a success . 
  if you want to convince yourself that you live in a politicracy then knock yourself out . 
  otherwise go read a book . 
  yes . 
  the creation of the british demos was one of the crowning achievements of the 18th century in britain . 
   it should be a government that the people are able to vote out of office , if they do n't like what they 're doing what does that mean in practice , though ? 
  all of greece votes socialist but they then have to abide by a conservative government because the rest of europe outvoted them ? 
  europe is n't a single demos . 
  simple as that . 
  a superstate would n't work . 
  they did n't waste any time . 
  this is how you shoot the fox of a second scottish referendum . 
  did he move to the uk and claim benefits or something ? 
  you 're making my argument for me . 
  the point of defensive pacts is that you do n't have to defend yourselves because wars do n't break out in the first place . 
   trump expressed support for turkish president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan and said he would not be speaking out against him or other authoritarian allies who crack down on political adversaries and civil liberties . 
   ...  trump praised erdo\u011fan 's ability to recover from the coup and dismissed the idea that it was staged . 
  `` i give great credit to him for being able to turn that around , '' he said . 
  `` some people say that it was staged ... i do n't think so . '' we 're in for a wild ride . 
  `` nato will save us . '', 
  ~ brexiteers everywhere nato wo n't exist in 2026 . 
  i am completely confident of that . 
  but godwin 's law !, 
  `` and there goes brazilian joao oliviera 's head !, 
  good heavens look at all the blood !, 
  there 'll be hell to pay for under armour when people want to know why his shield fell apart like it was a dri-lite football shirt . '', 
  can we all take a moment to appreciate that the french are looking for people to agree with them that it 's a good idea to hand over authority of their nukes to the capital of the belgians ? 
  this is like america giving california to canada . 
  unpicking eu law will be our version of the nuremberg trials . 
  it will happen over decades through case by case resolutions by the judiciary . 
  once article 50 is concluded it wo n't touch parliament but take a generation to be completely undone . 
  the total cost will never be fully known , but billions is going in the right way . 
   real billions of gbp billions, 
  it wo n't happen . 
  turkey 's got europe tied over a barrel with the migrant crisis . 
  they could easily drop the migrants on the edge of greek waters with proper lifeboats and speed the whole thing up . 
  lol, 
  but godwin 's law !, 
  do n't worry . 
  many of us are . 
  not really . 
  we 'll have to massively expand the number of immigration officers to process the extra 300,000 eu migrant applicants every year which did n't exist before . 
  but it 's ok . old people can feel proud that they 've ` taken their country back ' as the last big uk tech giant gets flogged to the japanese . 
  awesome . 
  that 's democracy though . 
  you win some , you lose some . 
  what industry do you work in ? 
  the laws still apply until we 're officially out though . 
  the country will live to regret brexit very deeply for very many years . 
  the fact that a large number of people thought other countries would follow us out is enough to make a man laugh himself hoarse . 
  the eu being undemocratic and the uk being undemocratic are n't mutually exclusive . 
  pretty good times . 
  the amount of money they 'll be able to command is eye-watering to think about . 
   why should my children be able to throw me in a car and drive me off somewhere i do n't want to live the rest of my live ? 
   you could have stopped there because the rest is redundant . 
  and the answer is , because past a certain age society takes care of you . 
  even if high immigration breaks the nhs , it will exist for the elderly . 
  even america has medicare . 
  even if the country goes tits up , people will care for the elderly . 
  ( then again , maybe not given that there are now much higher barriers of entry for foreign healthcare workers , who may have been put off by the racist propaganda that people just validated with a leave vote . ),
