  telling the truth ? 
  screw you and your referendum you stupid brit . 
  when you gon na conform to the rest of us ? 
  geez you make me sick . 
  gas is cheap in america . 
  would have cost a lot less to ship them around . 
  seems a bit needless . 
  that 's going to be more expensive than it needs to be to shuttle the teams around , and fans will no doubt spend exorbitant amounts trying to follow their teams around europe in the knockout stages . 
  i 'll never tire of the fact that sweden and finland look like someone 's jacobs . 
  those are guardian readers . 
  you take that back . 
  o rly ? 
  http://capreform.eu/return-of-the-butter-mountain/ http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/4316726/eu-butter-mountain-to-return.html, 
  when he joined the conservative party . 
  they 're all evil . 
  all of them . 
  no exceptions . 
  i like how he does n't mention the eu 's butter mountains . 
  or their fishing practices . 
  what a one-sided ass . 
  i 'm gon na drop the usa thing because you obviously need to read a book . 
  they were n't even a collection of states , they were colonies . 
  it was a completely different scenario . 
  and you accuse me of being simplistic but you strip off myriad defining characteristics and focus on one commonality of increased federalism ? 
  all right , whatever . 
   in international terms , power . 
  we lack it , by pooling together , we get more . 
  no we do n't . 
  we get bloc addiction . 
  look at the european parliament . 
  factions and alliances constantly infighting . 
  it 's weak . 
  it takes forever to get shit done . 
  it 's like reddit but they do n't even have the benefit of internet anonymity to save a bit of face when they go back to their real jobs and go to sleep at night . 
  even if it did make us powerful ; to what end ? 
  a military power ? 
  a political power ? 
  again ; for what ? 
  are we going to get embroiled in political deadlock with china or south american states ? 
  are we going to ` take them on ' ? 
  let 's say we did . 
  how seriously is anyone going to take a country when citizens ca n't even communicate with each other on the most basic level ? 
  what the hell kind of country is that ? 
  a country where there are massive division and bad blood , some of it very recent ? 
  we would n't be strong . 
  we 'd be easy prey . 
   very much a case of `` why not ? '', 
  as well . 
  i mean currently foreign affairs are run from somewhere about 600 miles from me , why do i care about another 150 miles ? 
  there is plenty of reason as to why not . 
  the eu is completely undemocratic . 
  i was n't consulted on the formation of the ec . 
  in fact the only reason why it even exists is because the french public wasted the european constitution in a referendum and the lisbon treaty was the eurocrats ' workaround . 
  sound like a bona fide election right there . 
  win . 
  comparing the usa to europe is insane . 
  insane . 
  they are completely different . 
  america had a blank canvas . 
  ours is rife with political infighting , deeply entrenched rivalries and friendships , a plethora of identities , languages and cultures . 
  america has a wide open frontier and a new identity . 
  it is quite simply comparing apples and oranges . 
   with the eu executive eventually dealing with the day to day running of eu wide issues . 
  i fully expect states to run domestic issues for the foreseeable future but why ?? 
  we do n't need it at all . 
  if we can handle day-to-day domestic affairs why do we have to hand over day-to-day foreign affairs to some other institution ? 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  and what evidence is there that it 's efficient and can function seamlessly ? 
  all i see is evidence that it takes forever to make a quick decision like bailing out ireland . 
  do you consider that to be a good thing ? 
   supranational instituations are the new system which explains why the un are an international laughing stock and nato has n't been involved in a conflict for decades . 
  no but you see the difference between what i said and what you 're saying is that i 'm saying an older system is becoming obsolete and a new system would be better . 
  you 're saying that the old system is perfect and no one needs to change . 
  thanks for encapsulating my argument so succinctly . 
  they 'll tire out eventually . 
  war fatigue . 
  cameron 's idea has the benefit of being fresh blood in an old game . 
  when people start listening to proposals ( and actually read the speech ) i think they 'll see that he makes some salient points . 
  the world 's changed . 
  supranational institutions are done . 
  people will see that in time . 
  agreed . 
  cameron has opened up an opportunity here . 
  if it does n't get seized then it will be a let down for everyone and it will be the eu which are sleepwalking to catastrophe , not the british to the exit . 
  *** maybe *** cameron had a point !, 
  i ca n't see how peace and brotherhood ca n't be achieved without the use . 
   and for that we try to make it so that the interests of one country is also the interest of the whole union . 
  this is impossible . 
  we are too different . 
  one culture will come out on top and all others will feel oppressed and have an identity crisis . 
  can you just be honest ? 
  please ? 
  this is about the war , is n't it ? 
  this all about catharsis and nothing else . 
  the age of the supranational institution is over , mate . 
  when was the last time anyone cared about anything the un said ? 
  they recently said that access to clean water should be a human right and everyone said no . 
  no one gives a damn what they say , and -- after france -- it is the butt end of all bureaucracy jokes . 
  when was the last time nato got involved in a war ? 
  what happened in libya ?
