  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
   if nothing else , they 're implementing some really strong incentives for self-censorship yeah but at least the guardian will never give up the fight . 
  as much as they piss me off sometimes with their smugness . 
  i think it 's * \u00e9tonnant * , or something spelt correctly . 
  again , that 's not why people are up in arms about this . 
  that 's not why people are up in arms about this . 
   then she begins to tell how it happened : in 2008 , she went to greece to harvest oranges and gave birth to a girl there . 
  she actually intended to name her stanka , but since nobody at the hospital understood that , she called the baby maria . 
  she said she had no money to acquire papers for the child . 
  one of the women helping with the harvest offered to take care of the child and promised : `` you can pick her up her anytime . '', 
  she never took any money for the girl , says ruseva . 
  she worked for another few days in greece , and then she returned to nikolaevo , she says . 
   ruseva has seen pictures of maria on tv . 
  `` i would take her back , but i 'm so poor that i do n't even have enough money to properly clothe my children , '' she says . 
  maria is pretty -- very pretty -- and she looks healthy , she says . 
  then she retreats into her house . 
   one day later , on friday evening , a dna test confirms ruseva 's story : the bulgarian woman is maria 's biological mother . 
  and the greek roma who have raised maria are thus neither child traffickers nor thieves , but merely the two adults who have been maria 's father and mother since soon after her birth . 
   ctrl + f , `` ireland '' : zero hits they missed out the only thing they needed to say in order to make their argument ironclad . 
  honestly ca n't remember . 
  all i know is that the new theme song for the rebooted version my nephew watches is , quite simply , amazing . 
  probably . 
  i only knew my local newsagent by the road it was on . 
  little local amenities trucked away in pretty much no where . 
  was n't even a town high street . 
  bordered on a cul-de-sac . 
  ah community . 
  was born in 85 actually , but yes , the news agent froze them during the summer . 
  he also put the chocolate in the fridge . 
  because people should be allowed to voice their political views and have a say in elections , regardless of what they think . 
  admittedly the water gets muddy around mental illness issues , but blocking out people 's opinions is n't a solution at all . 
  pogs . 
  so many tears in the playground . 
   biting the bottom of the bottle and drinking it from that small hole . 
  this does n't add anything other than prove that you just want to strip out certain votes from the elections . 
  presumably to increase the volume of your own voice . 
  that 's monstrous . 
  you have got to be kidding me . 
  how your idea is even entertained is beyond me . 
  yes , and the sane thing to do is to exclude people 's voices and human rights based on their intelligence . 
  you 're bastion of civil liberties , you are . 
  visit spain . 
  or greece . 
  please . 
  you will not be so glib then . 
  not surprised about spain . 
  their government is corrupt as hell ( sorry , amigos ) . 
  france does n't really surprise me either . 
  the only country that would surprise me at this point is germany . 
   most people 's economic situation has n't improved or is still getting worse i 'm looking at being priced out of london in about a year . 
  already looking at other places to live and work . 
   in britain , it is traditional that house prices must always go up . 
  i really wish we could break the paradigm of housing been an investment and rather being it 's own commodity . 
  i do n't disagree with that . 
  most ? 
  the nsa has a power station that powers the servers . 
  that 's how big their data farms are . 
  you thing gchq is supplying * most * of the data that the nsa has ? 
  gchq is within the eu . 
  they could use it ... 
  so how do you get the nsa to stop ? 
  can i get that comment with a tinfoil hat , please ? 
  because we want to give then nobel prizes as soon as they get elected . 
   if your consumption is below average , than the `` fat-asses '' are paying more taxes than you , and you are actually better off . 
  i find this to be a falsehood . 
  i 'm not better off at all . 
  just because someone is worse off than me does not change the fact that we are both worse off than before . 
  well why should i pay three times as much for the occasional luxury chocolate for a friday night because fat-asses ca n't control themselves ? 
  your suggestion is unfair . 
  that 's a bit unfair on people who eat sensibly and who enjoy the occasional treat , though . 
  it could work if you only taxed foods that contained , say , 10 % sugar or 5 % unsaturated fats , or whatever . 
  i 'm pulling these numbers out of my ass but you get the gist . 
  i feel the same way as you . 
  if i was being raped and defended myself i 'm pretty sure i would n't go to jail . 
  the same can be said for emotionally lashing out as a result of emotional trauma . 
  you just need a solid lawyer . 
  not even eloquent or deceitful . 
  just reasoned and effective . 
  benteke is a monster . 
  gon na be a real threat at the finals . 
  honestly , if a woman tried to abuse me i 'd deck her . 
  i would n't care about the fallout either . 
  does n't surprise me . 
  guzan is a machine . 
  are n't the usa actually decent at the moment though ? 
  next they 'll be saying that raclette was invented in switzerland . 
  this is where england get obliterated in a group containing spain , brazil and france . 
  no excuses !, 
  can we stop talking about coal please ? 
  your glorification of fossil fuels is giving my unborn child asthma . 
  it 's been assumed for a long time that the world 's geopolitical locus will move to the pacific and geopolitical power will become multi-faceted . 
  america has had free reign thanks to the petro-dollar , but in time they 'll learn that they need to take their foreign policy a little more seriously , not just the tired trope of ` america , fuck yeah ! ' . 
  i 'm not going for bravery there , i 'm simply saying that obama 's declaration that america is `` exceptional '' smacks of the default arrogance that american 's have had in their psyche since the days of manifest destiny . 
  yeah but come on . 
  even the french are afraid of the french cops . 
  bunch of tough nuts walking around with guns giving people intimidating stare downs . 
  france needs an ipcc . 
  could it be that he was possibly sensationalising ?
