  can i bet yours instead ? 
  stage 1 of what ? 
  my head hurts from trying to follow this . 
  you 're not wrong but it 's harder to read this kind of sentence structure than is to hear it in a conversation . 
   stole depends how you look at it . 
  an argument can be made for giving the parthenon marbles back now that people are n't destroying them for cheap marble , but the rest i see as fair ownership . 
  and people need to read the article . 
  that 's what i think . 
  unless london got nuked the uk simply would n't use it 's own . 
  you already know that the aggressor is prepared to use them so as soon as you nuke them it 's all over . 
  hover over his flair . 
   putin believes he can win a war with nato , claims click-bait blogger, 
  shhh . 
  it confirms our biases . 
  i honestly wonder if any of the western nuclear powers have the gonads to drop nukes . 
  well said , romania . 
  i loved those trams . 
  disappointed by lack of bordeaux . 
  they 've got sweet looking trams . 
  dota 2 player . 
  just wondering . 
  i thought i was the only one who did that . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  is dendi popular in ukraine ? 
  capitalism elevates the individual above the state . 
  people in capitalist societies are free to engage in their economies as they please . 
  it is meritocratic . 
  protectionism is n't a good thing . 
  and also i ca n't take ireland 's approach to business seriously at all given that they refuse to close the irish-dutch sandwich loophole , thereby depriving their allies of hundreds of millions of euros/pounds worth of tax revenues owed to them by the likes of google . 
  this stunt is a pittance . 
  i 'm glad . 
  as long as all are treated equally i do n't care what people say . 
   a german court has agreed to end the bribery trial of formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone in exchange for a $ 100m ( # 60m ) payment from him . 
  topkek, 
  it 's all me . 
  council taxes paid over 10 months to irk families and households nationwide ? 
  that was me . 
  rising petrol prices ? 
  that was me . 
  tuition fees ? 
  that was me . 
  the guy who farted in the lift on the way to the office this morning ? 
  oh you better believe that was me . 
  i 'm just one vote . 
  when i can be arsed . 
   coming from a brit whose country accounts for the most offshore tax-dodging banking deregulated cannibalizing biz in the world . 
  yes of course . 
  because i am singularly responsible for everything that goes on in my country . 
  cheers , francis . 
  race to the bottom . 
  undercutting allies in eu . 
  cheap tactics . 
  etc etc etc. 
  i wonder if people will level the same criticisms at portugal as they levelled at britain when our corporation taxes were slashed . 
  how can you spot a jewish home in your neighbourhood ? 
  toilet paper on the washing line . 
  how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman ? 
  zero . 
  the thing with jews is that it is n't just a religion it 's an ethnic minority . 
  they see themselves as a separate race as does everyone else . 
  self identifying phrases such as ` christian jew ' and ` atheist jew ' only prove my point . 
  so making fun of orthodox jewish culture is essentially the same thing as racism because their religion and culture are completely inseparable , as is their religion and their own sense of identity as an ethnic minority . 
  if you would like to disagree then frankly , my dear , i do n't give a shit . 
  the bottom line is that rabbi jacob is a flat out disgrace . 
  people should be embarrassed to laugh at it . 
  but what can anyone possibly say ? 
  french humour is pretty crass . 
  every year they run a piece of shit film called * le pere noel est un ordure * which features cannibalism and a pretty derogatory depiction of society 's poorest . 
  just get in a cab and listen to what they have to say about arabs . 
  when was the last time anyone ever made fun of christmas ? 
  everyone celebrates it . 
  what a stupid comeback . 
  that 's assuming they get past le pen . 
  the fn are on a roll at the moment . 
  the ump do n't want her but they should . 
  cop\u00e9 and villepin are as spineless as each other and completely ruined any and all chances either of them had with the ballot stuffing to see who became party leader . 
  a lot of shit washes off in politics but reducing the dignity of your party to the point that it 's on a par with african elections is another level of stink . 
  but lagarde could win it if she ran and was given enough of the right sort of stage lighting that candidates get . 
  i reckon if the french could see her as a potential leader she 'd swing them pretty quickly . 
  the biggest issue she faces is the awkward letters to sarko . 
  i really want to see the fn win simply so french people will stop being so smug when they realise that they really are just a bunch of xenophobes . 
   also we are taller that 's because you slouch less while growing up . 
  this is too good . 
  do n't judge . 
  a good friend of mine was interested in what he had to say . 
  stupid cop out that comes up whenever people feel like it . 
  it 's discriminating against people based on their ethnic heritage . 
  it 's as good as racist even if it does n't meet the semantic ideals of 90s kids . 
  this is so unbelievably racist . 
  maybe he just believes that the road is his . 
  the threat posed by ebola can not be overstated , yet there is little point worrying about it until there is a breakout closer to home . 
  i was happy with my misunderstanding of irony i learnt from alanis morissette . 
  it made sense and was easy to use . 
  now i have no idea what irony is any more . 
  just want to point out that a dove is a symbol of peace largely because of its association with its role in noah 's ark and also imagery of the holy spirit in the new testament . 
  nice religious symbolism !, 
  i feel the intense urge to hand everything i own over to the state and have them look after me forever in glory . 
  with the bosphorus front and centre of their bid they can get away with this and they know it . 
  i laugh at the office at least five times a day . 
  you 've been doing chastity wrong anyway .
