  i just ca n't . 
  hostilities , possibly the collapse of the euro ( at a big stretch ) , resentments ; i can see that happening . 
  but all out war ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  are you referring to the guardian article about what a ukip britain would look like ? 
  if so , i agree . 
  did it end ? 
  were n't they 18 ? 
  german friends , how accurate is this ? 
  yeah but even then . 
  students in general are pretty left leaning with the exception of oxbridge where you find old money . 
  because sex is n't a scandal any more . 
  they guy has sexy parties with willing young women . 
  big woop . 
  in other news , the river thames is wet . 
  i did n't realise universities had political orientations . 
  so we 're they angry at the government or something else ? 
  nah forget the natives . 
  we 're anti-colonialists . 
  no , wait . 
  so why not give everyone # 5k instead of giving it to banks ? 
  give everyone a big tax break for a year . 
  the banks still get the money via people 's bank accounts for investing etc. , and everyone starts spending more which gets money moving around the economy again . 
  `` austerity 's not working . 
  and let bad recycling policies be the headlines ? 
  i 'd rather shoot myself . 
  and what happens to the businesses ? 
  who does the skilled work ? 
  temps are n't skilled . 
  i got a good laugh out of that . 
  cheers . 
  we are , but a likely argument is that inequality is so rampant that communist and generally leftist policies are starting to look like a solution . 
  marx hit the nail on the head , folks . 
  capitalism is coming to a natural end . 
  not because it 's a flawed system , but because people are n't prepared to put up with it any more . 
  apparently i 've given you 9 downvotes on aggregate and i 'm light on the downvotes in general , and never downvote based on differing opinions . 
  i do n't consider that to be a good sign . 
  what has theism got to do with any of this ? 
  what kind of an argument is that ? 
  really ? 
  american capitalism . 
  we want a european system . 
  does it matter ? 
  surely their ability to mod is independent of their nationality . 
  wishful thinking i 'm afraid . 
  a packed commuter train washed down with the waterloo and city line . 
  good point . 
  will update the post . 
  watch out , guys !, 
  osborne 's on the case !, 
  and i will be there !, 
  i find the notion of a gay restaurant a bit strange . 
  i can understand gar bars , because bars are were you meet people and try and , sometimes , that all blossoms into romance . 
  but a gay restaurant just strikes me as very subtle segregation . 
  why does your daytime activity need to be affected at all by your sexuality ? 
  it 's like having a gay cinema or a gay supermarket . 
  unless restaurants are different in sweden . 
  i was disappointed . 
  obama does this too . 
  too much debt ? 
  raise the debt ceiling !, 
  lol, 
  i can say the same thing about poles . 
  too late . 
  the damage is done . 
  the horse meat scandal has penetrated holy s [ weed ] en ? 
  they go too far !, 
  `` good morning , prime minister . 
  here is your to do list . '', 
  the idea that symbolism is n't a big deal in / r/europe of all places . 
  it is a monday after all . 
  did you miss the rest of his comment ? 
  the part about symbolism ? 
  despite the fact that his insinuations included a mild defamation of germany as well as the us , this does smack of the old french butthurt that * francophonie * is n't leading the world . 
  they 're supposed to be neutral in how they mod , but suggesting that the current mods are politically neutral ( as we can infer by your view that mods should be neutral ) is a bit redundant . 
  they 're going to have their views , they just should ' t use mod status to give their views any more weight that anyone else . 
  not much debate , really . 
  just bad news intermittently breaking up empty news cycles . 
  the real debates tend to be avoided : house prices , the young being royally buggered , how we should reform the nhs ( `` leave it exactly how it is it is perfect and can in no way be improved fuck the tories ! '' ) . 
  ya know . 
  just stuff going on but no one really talks about it . 
  what does happen if debt goes over the nation 's gdp ? 
  my my , monsieur hollande . 
  is that austerity ? 
  pissing and moaning about the spark because you 've failed to quench the flames 4 years down the line is pretty shit , to be honest . 
  maybe it 's time to start blaming the fire department . 
  you 'd be amazed how much of a knocking pc parts can take . 
  i 'm not saying you can throw them at a wall , but their not made of thin sheets of glass either . 
  but that makes the meat tough and stringy . 
  tried it . 
  i prefer beef . 
  downvoting of the british opinion , yet again . 
  specifically when it is adding to the discussion and is probably the conversation starter that this post was looking for . 
  what do you consider to be `` humanely '' ? 
  you forgot vindaloo . 
  applying for french in 2015 once my waiting period is over . 
  wife is french and i can apply after that . 
  so what is the euro exactly ? 
  by someone who has n't used the nhs in a while , clearly . 
  what a cheap , cynical stunt .
