  let 's not be coy here . 
  at least this guy has probably slept with at least 30 women , regardless of what he tells his wife . 
  it 's not about absolute numbers so much as density where they congregate . 
  roma are a real issue in paris , for example , and when i lived in bordeaux i noticed that there were a lot of bulgarians too who were causing issues like organised crime . 
  we do n't really have a lot of roma here in the same way france or germany do . 
  the not-really-very-mild xenophobes here aim their frustrations at polish people . 
  there are relatively few ` problem migrants ' like beggars and vagrants , just people who undercut the labour market and work on the cheap . 
  dey turk uhr jerbs is a stereotype but it is still pretty true and sorely felt in some parts of the country . 
  i 'm sorry did you just try and blame the death and destruction of ww2 on the uk 's alleged failure to act ? 
  dunno about that . 
  many of us manage to embrace / r/europe . 
  well then your argument is flawed , america got involved because it was personally attacked by a member of the axis . 
  fdr did n't smear on war-paint and say ` it 's on muthafuckas , ' he went to war against the axis with the allies because his hands were tied . 
  he tried desperately to keep america out of the war because back then people were much more connected to their immigrant heritage and there were a lot of people with german blood . 
  the casus belli was the result of a personal attack from an axis member . 
  as to the rest of your comment , i am for my part an interventionist , but when the problems are in your own back yard it 's not so much intervention as weeding out a minority , which is far too close to the tyranny of the masses for me to be comfortable . 
  no the point being that you need casus belli to initiate conflict without being a tyrant . 
  the germans were allied to the japanese . 
  no one knew about the holocaust until the allies had pushed deep into germany . 
  the genocide would never have served as cause to depose them . 
  are you suggesting that we should have killed the nazi 's without casus belli ? 
  pluralism is only ok if i like things i do n't like . 
  what are you implying exactly ? 
  roast beef dinner *, 
  i am not convinced that putin is not that stupid . 
  come back to / r/europe another day . 
  when did anyone say that ? 
  amazing . 
  give it to ukraine . 
  tolo ^ lo ^ lo ^ lo ^ lol, 
  the two sweetest words in the english language !, 
  de fault !, 
  de fault !, 
  de fault !, 
  de fault !, 
  did n't you just get one like 8 year ago ? 
  nemesis is at alton towers . 
  nemesis inferno is at thorpe park i think . 
  not that it makes much difference . 
  we all know the corkscrew is the best rollercoster of all time . 
  what 's that ? 
  i love france but calais is a sad place . 
  man i hope this works . 
  nothing great will ever be built at calais . 
  this is how putin will walk away from this . 
  create a media circus around the malitia , make little the fact that they were supplied with arms by the russians , distance russian government from rebels . 
  new media cycle develops , public get tired of plane crash and gradually forget about it . 
  diplomacy does n't change that much and the war in ukraine carries on . 
  explain to me . 
  explain to me . 
  using the deaths of nearly 300 people as a standard to champion your political agenda is so tacky . 
  can we not just establish facts and gauge the diplomatic fallout first ? 
  and , you know , grieve a crime against humanity ? 
  could it be ?? 
  a uk ally ?? 
  spotted in the eu ? 
  i give it five minutes before he mentions the falklands and gibraltar . 
   the netherlands are not one of the big three eu powers and so that makes it ok to scapegoat the uk and blame everything on them !, 
  #ramirezsaves . 
  thanks , naysayer . 
  let 's establish the facts first . 
  it could have been complete circumstance and malaysia airways have crappy planes . 
  oooor it could have been shot down and ukraine and russia are about to get into a huge blame game . 
  i do n't understand your comment . 
  were you being sarcastic in implying that britain is acting like it 's special ? 
  which people ? 
  why are you defending rich people who have cost 1,000 people their jobs ? 
  that 's only the sixth time i 've read this joke on the internet in the past day . 
  better in this sentence meaning cumberland sausage . 
  android may have had front runners but they 're mostly lame . 
  and the businessman/fortune teller remark is a bit daft . 
  they had the indicators . 
  they misread the market , simple as that . 
  you ca n't absolve people of responsibility when they get things wrong which they are paid to get right . 
  yeah but bail is the same as being freed . 
  so he was already freed from that arrest , right ? 
  agreed , but all the indicators suggested that android was a better choice than windows phone . 
  they 've ever suggested the inverse , in fact . 
  why ? 
  the two most upvoted comments responding directly to the post are criticising the policy and are from a swede and a dutch . 
  the only poll that matters is the ballot box . 
  the rest is hot air . 
  if they factor in mandatory minimums in gradual increases ( e.g. 
  1 % above the year-over-year inflation rate at march or whatever ) then the headstart in our minimum wages could mean that it 's a lot higher than , say , spain 's in a few years , potentially increasing the number of immigrants coming over here for work . 
  and while i 'm not against migration in the interest of improving your individual/household economic circumstances per se , migration-driven unemployment is a serious problem . 
  so you 're saying that this left-wing policy is going to hurt left wingers ? 
  should have made phones for android . 
  would have stayed relevant and kept in the game . 
  was he ever arrested ? 
  no no . 
  trust me . 
  i have discussed religion with evangelicals . 
  they will wear you down faster than you can imagine . 
  you underestimate evangelicals . 
  that would have been awesome . 
  he 'd have roundhouse kicked farage in his earthworm face . 
  who 'd have thought that banning religion and starving people would have made people give up on the idea of a benevolent god ? 
  the bravest man to have ever lived . 
  the eu is friend to no-one but the eu . 
  do n't worry , france .
