  looks like apple might get let off the hook . 
  reminds me of saddam 's communications chief . 
  `` the us army are no where to be seen , baghdad has not been invaded . '', 
  as m1s rolled past him in the background . 
  if by firework you mean the cracking of civilisation as people watch their wealth sink with their banks and resort to crime , looting and all manner of debauchery then yes . 
  you 're right . 
  the euro will go quietly into the night as europe 's demographic pyramid goes beyond truncated and becomes truly inverse . 
  it will limp on despite the chaos caused by centralised political functions . 
  * europe needs to be united in the face of brexit negotiations * germany will probably need to bail out deutsche * italy 's bank sector is a mess * italy have been told they ca n't bail out their banks * ireland are in the docks for state aid * the public are still reeling about bankers and politicians are scared of creating further moral hazards * if deutsche go kaput then germany would be severely damaged get some popcorn , fellas . 
  dis gun be good . 
  the uk has said from the word go that all it wants is a good trade relationship without the country merger stuff . 
   sovereignty  brexiteers buzzwords right . 
  are you 12 ? 
  why should free trade come with a bunch of weird policies about merging countries together completely ? 
  it will only harm citizens of the uk and the eu countries to stifle free trade , and all for the glory of eu institutions which would be failing their goals if they got in the way of prosperity and freedom of people it claims to serve . 
  that 's not public service , it 's self serving presidency . 
  you clearly do n't understand how politics works if you are claiming that `` benefits '' actually means benefits . 
  maybe you should stop while you 're ahead . 
  the eu only means what people want it to mean , when they want it to mean that thing . 
  if the eu institutions come down on free trade then it will only breed animosity among the business-friendly moderate right . 
  if trade becomes tariffed as a result of guy 's ideology it wo n't bode well for the already growing anti-eu sentiment . 
  but you keep telling yourself that strangling life into a cat is a good thing . 
  you 'd make a fantastic advocate for austerity . 
  you 're paranoid . 
  i 'm not a brexiter , actually . 
  i 'm just saying it like it is . 
  stop using words you do n't understand . 
  concessions ? 
  exemptions ? 
  you act like these were granted in magnanimity . 
  the uk simply never gave up it 's sovereignty in these areas while the rest of the eu did , and the people have recently decided they want all their sovereignty back because they 're tired of the eu . 
  if you want to fall on your sword for the eu then knock yourself out , but there has never been a clearer example of faceless bureaucrats locking themselves in a porcelain tower deliberating over their ideals while the people suffer . 
  go kick it in greece for a week and come back and tell me the eu has the interests of the people at heart , while they pontificate and muse on an army which the world does n't really want to see . 
  the eu does n't care about you , mate . 
  there are benefits , yes , but your words smack of the classic and tired perspectives that the eu is the meaning of life and it 's come to save europeans from their ignorance . 
  there was life before the eu , and there will be life after it it in the uk . 
  look at the words you use ; you are justifying animosity . 
  if that does n't concern you then you 're a lost cause . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  there is no default relationship the eu has with non-eu countries . 
  they 're all different and suit the needs of both parties . 
  this is just chest beating rhetoric to keep the euroskeptics in italy in a box by making the eu sound strong and dissenters look weak . 
  the eu and uk will negotiate a deal which suits both parties or they wo n't sign anything . 
  ` special privileges ' is a misdirect . 
  if italy are going to be one of the eu 's big three going forward then they should stop being so immature . 
  renzi should focus on his referendum next month and sort out his banks ( maybe he could buddy up with germany and swap notes ) instead of pretending like italy has significant leverage in the brexit talks . 
  i thought that was the purpose of the eu army . 
  in what way are the eu demonstrating any desire to create a new and beneficial relationship ? 
  thatcher was one of the main champions of the single market . 
  if thatcher had been alive during the referendum campaign she 'd have had a thing to say about it , i 'm sure . 
   integration what do you think this means in a world of problems and problem solving ? 
  no , they joined to solve problems together as a continent . 
  but fuck the hard shit . 
  why are there mirrors on the ceiling ? 
  if you do n't upvote then you 're racist . 
  you are a joke, 
  nato is n't an army, 
  i think it 's a stupid idea . 
  the eu is barely a democracy . 
  barely . 
  europeans ca n't even hold the eu to account in a coherent way . 
  greece just got walked all over . 
  spain is suffering a lost generation because brussels has said so . 
  france does n't have the freedom it needs to solve its shockingly high unemployment , and through it all the people suffering the most are crying , `` more europe , more europe , more europe . '', 
  and you people want to add an army to this ? 
  to whom is this army accountable if you ca n't even hold you politicians to account ? 
  this is a bad idea , and it wo n't be long before you all realise it . 
  putin will lob one stone at you for shits and giggles and brussels will have a breakdown about how to respond . 
  when france wants to do something and germany gets cold feet about armed conflict that 's all it will take . 
  ill thought out and idiotic is what the eu army is . 
  the people convincing all member states to not veto will be the turkish and muslim communities setting fire to everything . 
  we 'll have to see how germany 's turkish community reacts when germany blocks turkey 's ascension even though all reports say that turkey is ready and has satisfied all requirements . 
  presumably they will all go to bed as normal and wake up the morning and do as they 're told . 
  analysing arguments like a member of the university debsoc . 
  you must be a student . 
  why anyone would touch a hooker is beyond me . 
  thanks , italy . 
  you clearly hold the moral high ground for the quality of world leaders in the 1940s . 
  too many transformers 7.8 / 10, 
  i 'd buy it . 
  `` because it 's france . '', 
  you put your hoohoodilly in your wife 's chacha . 
  buy a tv, 
  spare a thought for the childfree nationalists in love with their wealthy lifestyle as they shriek about the white genocide they are bringing upon themselves . 
  yes of course . 
  because the tories have never had a love affair with banks , let alone always been in bed with them since the year dot . 
  this is all 2008 . 
  i 'm convinced . 
  wealth inequality , total lack of sympathy for warning voices about the state of our financial services industry , the chronic wage stagnation and rising costs of living . 
  all of it . 
  all that frustration came out in brexit . 
  brexit is simply a grievance , and it is the biggest mistake of modern britain . 
  i care . 
  because it did n't separate . 
  but the rumour was all it took to do the damage . 
  and mac . 
  i know a knife which is very unhappy about it . 
  it 's because of shit like this that we voted leave !!, 
  you should watch rabbi jacob and le pere noel est une ordure . 
  it wo n't change your mind .
