  but basically it 's legitimately massively damaging to legarde 's image ? 
  is it seen as genuine evidence of an affiar , or is it just worded in a way that makes it an easy target for innuendo ? 
  more proof that the common man does n't really want to integrate his identity fully with other identities . 
  i agree that age is obviously a factor . 
  by the age of 17 i 'd expect most kids to be sexually active and even capable of having serious adult conversations about most issues in society , but i can only talk from experience in my own home growing up . 
  for children i think porn is damaging outright ( `` oh so that 's what it must be for , and that 's how it must be used , then '' ) , and ages 10-15 is something of a ` danger zone ' , where sexuality and sexual self-perception can be determined by outside influences rather than personal chemistry . 
  for all our talk about social conditioning and developmental psychology we seem to draw a blanket ban on the topic of porn and kids and insist that the kids are all right , regardless of what they are seeing and how that affects them . 
  porn 's more acceptable than it 's ever been , sexual imagery is everywhere it seems ( there 's now a chic new drink called ` pussy ' , which , while not a crime , kind of demonstrates that there 's no edge to edginess any more ) , and it 's now a multi-billion pound a year industry , and still we shy away from asking tough questions and seeking real answers about it affects on any of us , let alone kids . 
  it seems that people are so scared of having their porn taken away they 'll decry anyone who speaks out against sexual over-promiscuity . 
  ultimately , my main concern with porn is that it destroys the intimate side of intimacy . 
  it 's lies . 
  and if you understand that it 's lies then fine , whatever floats your boat . 
  but if you do n't know that then it 's a problem , and will only create problems . 
  my only concern with software ( and it really is the only concern ) is cost . 
  if it 's too high people wo n't buy it . 
  if it 's too low devs wo n't make it . 
  and the other issue is that a lot of parents sadly do n't have the time to educate themselves on how to filter content in the home , software or not . 
  i think a black-list you can sign up for is the easiest route forward . 
  it would also be interesting to see how many homes in britain would sign up to such a list . 
  i 'm prepared to accept that . 
  i would suggest a go-between of allowing households to sign up to have porn blocked . 
  so rather than force it on people , allow people to sign up to an isp black-list to prevent their kids stumbling upon it at young ages . 
  but more generally , i do n't subscribe in the slightest to the view that porn is harmless to impressionable minds . 
  you ca n't throw cement , bricks , wood and glass into a hole and magically make a home . 
  similarly , you ca n't bombard kids with unlimited information in any order and expect them to turn out balanced and healthy . 
  it 's just not true . 
  the whole purpose of education in any form is to teach people ( kids included ) how to process new information . 
  there 's an order to everything , and young kids with no concept of sex or sexuality watching a whore suck down eight dicks in one sitting , or watching a woman get buggered by a horse , will scar them for life . 
  any parent will tell you that . 
  any of them . 
   i 'm sorry you find sex so traumatic it 's been a while since i 've been the recipient of such a backhanded and stupid ad homenem on reddit . 
  thanks . 
  i also like the way you equate porn with normal sexual activity and say i 'm the unhealthy one . 
  smoothly done . 
  the risks are that it gives children an unhealthy perspective of sex and sexuality at an impressionable age , and may well have lasting damage , such as their ability to form a stable relationship in the future , or it could leave them incapable of respecting women ( `` what do you mean you wo n't go down on me ?? 
  slut !, 
  you 're my girlfriend , this is what you 're supposed to do !, 
  do it or i 'll tell everyone at school you did anyway and you loved it ! '' ) . 
  i know you leftists will reject that on the face of it because it 's ` puritanical nonsense and unproven pseudo-science ' , but keeping kids away from porn is as sensible as keeping kids away from other explicit material . 
  when i was a kid if was freddie kruger movies , and i 'm glad my parents kept me away from that . 
  kids do n't need porn when they 're young and the most difficult decision of the weekend is whether to dress up as superman , spiderman or batman , or perhaps invent some new superhero for the afternoon . 
  if you all want to watch porn then fine you can get it unblocked , but given that kids are growing up on the internet with smartphones and kids flash-games from as young as 7 and 8 it makes sense to protect them as such as possible from harmful links supplied to them by other kids or worse still paedophiles . 
  if you need to spank the monkey to get your jollies you can go ahead and do it , but i do n't think it 's a bad idea to have a default setting be censorship of emotionally damaging and harmful substances . 
  keeps getting swatted down by mps no less . 
  why do you ask ? 
  `` we need to do it because we do n't trust you . 
  and we have a superiority complex . '', 
  because we can . 
  i think he should be stripped of it . 
  if only to give the nobel peace prize some credibility again . 
  france deserves him because they voted for him . 
  they made their bed . 
  now they sleep in it . 
  that article was spot on . 
  the only thing that pisses me off is that so many people will drink the koolaid . 
  hollande will get a stack of good press because he made a huge deal out of a non-issue and won . 
  it 's a joke . 
  cultural protectionism is totally a great idea . 
  that charlotte church article is n't the mail . 
  that looks like the mirror given the font used on the headline to the right . 
  do you think assange has got anything left in that poison pill ? 
  given how he 's talking about prism i 'm tempted to think that he knew about it , but if he knew then that means he decided not to reveal it , suggesting it was in his security package . 
  and if that 's true then he 's playing a high stakes poker game with no more cards . 
  it would be pretty funny if he 's just been undermined , and now all he 's got to go on is a poker face . 
  of course it would , but if france wants internationally renowned artists they have to put out good ones . 
  less pony pony run run and more gilbert montagne . 
  come on , france . 
  i believe in you . 
  it 's like a sneak preview of the new civ v expansion ... 
  i 've really gone off ted . 
  it was cool back in the day when it was novel and mostly tech based , but now it 's just become a circlejerk for ` ted people ' . 
  the euphoric types enlightened by their own intelligence . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-22811106 it was a joke . 
  try to keep up with current affairs . 
  france get 's its information from the nsa 's prism program in canada, 
  cool . 
  google can translate languages into yoda . 
  i do n't think there was any naivety , but that 's just my view . 
  i think he was struggling in the polls against mccain ( who is a us political heavyweight , even if he lost ) , and had to try and convince americans that he could lead on the world stage . 
  so he toured europe and acted like a leader . 
  what authority did he really have to be giving speeches in locations of such historical significance ? 
  but ultimately it played well at home and he surged in the polls after that . 
  then momentum and the hype train took him over the line . 
  maybe he 'll stand underneath the brandenburg gate and give a rousing speech about hope and change . 
  i still ca n't believe he had the arrogance to do that . 
  via russia ? 
  i thought it did n't . 
  that 's why it was called patience . 
  yeah those companies are n't going anywhere . 
  apparently he said the crisis in the eurozone is over , not europe . 
  apparently . 
  ca n't be bothered to trawl through the speech though . 
  either way , still seems a bit premature . 
  is this being downvoted because its not news ? 
  or because its embarrassing ? 
  that was really creepy, 
   i wonder whether the solution might be to build safeguards into the protocols themselves . 
  for instance , while electronic medical records are a good idea , they are prone to attacks from outside . 
  in that case , you could build a record of who has accessed the file , which gives a paper trail to root out people who are selling information . 
  i wonder whether you could n't have something along those lines to ensure that communications are not being intercepted without public knowledge of the scale of surveillance , and without scrutiny of individual cases .
