  and so it came to pass that france was officially grouped with southern european economies . 
  bit too close to the bone , friend . 
  in the uk it actually is . 
  it always the tories . 
  every time . 
  i mean . 
  i ca n't even believe that some people can have different opinions to left-wing socialist utopias . 
  what is wrong with people ? 
  we should never think of the children . 
  they 'll turn out fine with each other for role models . 
  i mean , just the other day i made a house by digging a pit and haphazardly throwing in bricks , wood , concrete and glass . 
  turned out great . 
  no instruction was necessary . 
  it was the tories . 
  `` the more you know '' , i got it wrong . 
  plus vous en savez would have been better , apparently . 
  it 's also the dole . 
  and le smic is the minimum wage . 
  lol !, 
  if you resort to you batna at the first argument then you really have absolutely no negotiation training . 
  and by the way , you lost . 
  wales , scotland and ni got devolution because they were tired of living laws designed for the english . 
  the whole drive behind those initiatives was a feeling of being subservient to another country , whether that was vocalised or not . 
  that 's why all those articles during the independence referendum saying ` this is n't about hating the english were all a load of crap . 
  adding another layer of government for england is needless . 
  it would simultaneously elevate westminster to a federal government that would have almost no power anyway . 
  if they issue a law and then the state assemblies get together and start hacking things apart to make it fit then what 's the point of issuing laws from westminster anyway ? 
  it 's fruitless and a total waste of tax payer money . 
  you may as well dissolve the union altogether . 
  why ? 
  you do realise that we have several layers of government already , right ? 
  council 's are n't there for shits and giggles . 
  i love how the scottish way of negotiating is to just walk out the door at the first sign of opposition . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  `` no currency union ? 
  fuck you . 
  no debt . '', 
  * storms out * `` no unadulterated support from spain ? 
  fuck you . 
  no fish . '', 
  * storms out * it really has been 300 years since you made your own decisions , has n't it ? 
  deep down , we all know this is about hating the english . 
   a few years, 
  while i can see the funny side of bagging and tagging tourists and throwing them in a safe , i do n't think it 's very kind . 
  some parts are dramatic but the only thing i 'm sure about is that understating the impact of this referendum is dumb . 
  i personally find that it is . 
  religion 's pr department suffers from extremist assholes . 
  most average religious folk are genuinely interested people who want to make the world a better place . 
  ** / r / e u r o p e **, 
  would n't you know it , it is a very common religious idea . 
  booo common sense boo, 
  are you fucking nuts ? 
  france is a wreck right now . 
  just look at the unemployment figures . 
  is that better than people working for a living even if it 's tough after payday ? 
  my wife 's boss is a french jew . 
  she says it is remarkably anti-semetic but they tell themselves that they 're liberal and progressive and stuff because their a western nuclear power with a strong history and culture etc. 
  however the dance scene from * rabbi jacob * leaves my mouth ( and should leave the mouths of everyone with a sense of morality ) agape every time i see it . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's because it 's so degrading of jewish culture in it 's schadenfreude or because it 's seen as mainstream comedy and entirely acceptable . 
  i ca n't decide . 
  but the average french will defend it to the hilt as ok . 
  in reality i have found almost all french people i have conversed with on current affairs to be shockingly racist , but they ca n't / refuse to see it . 
  i heard a guy say that the police should only be white franks because , and i quote , `` you ca n't have the wolves tending the sheep . '', 
  he was 24 , socialist , from paris , and university educated . 
  yeah that negates all the stuff he 's said and done and we should respect him . 
  thanks for this opportunity . 
  what was/is the perception of the uk within the european parliament ? 
  is it as caricature and clich\u00e9 as the perception held by so many of the public ? 
  it 's going to be sweet watching them try to get in . 
   `` so , erm , we like to lend each other money and have a culture of paying off our debts . 
  why , er , why have n't you been paying your debts to the uk ? '', 
   `` we do n't like them . '', 
   `` right , well , er , if you join the eu you do realise that the commissioner for fiscal policy is from the uk , right ? '', 
  denmark and norway are irrelevant on a global level . 
  let 's be honest . 
   when things go to the gutter, 
  i 'd like the uk to still be in it but have lost its reputation for being dicks all the time . 
  we 're really not . 
  france . 
  same weather ( in the north at least ) . 
  very similar way of life . 
  lived there for three years . 
  in-laws live there . 
  i go there often . 
  this will depend entirely . 
  if scotland vote yes it will be a hell of a divorce . 
  i am 99 % convinced the uk would not allow a currency union given how crucial unilateral control of our own currency proved to be over the last few years in deciding our own path . 
  scotland have threatened to renege on their share of the uk debt . 
  if that happens , i ca n't see the ` we lend to each other and we pay off our debts ' crowd in the eu warming up to the seemingly opportunistic new scottish government who do n't pay their share . 
  scotland would have an absolute nightmare of a time if they left . 
  i honestly wonder if french catalonia would try and leave as well . 
  i would guess not given the language barriers , but it would be interesting to see a new country appear straddling the pyrenees . 
  lol, 
   do n't worry , marine le pen has almost no chance of winning the presidential election . 
  you could not be more wrong about that . 
  i just ca n't wait for the divorce papers . 
  it 's going to be messy . 
  anyone who thinks it wo n't be is a dummy . 
  the polls throughout this have been completely erratic . 
  the only consistent factor has been a consistent lead for no which has recently collapsed .
