  if a country is what i takes to get the world back to real economics then fine . 
  i do n't give a shit . 
  completely agree . 
  especially when there is the risk of other countries calling your bluff and watching you burn . 
  the irony, 
  the iphone is aluminium and glass and actually remarkably good quality , but i see your point . 
  could it not be that as education systems and syllabuses all become similar that we 're breaking down cultural barriers and adopting a cosmopolitan identity where we all know and believe the same things ? 
  and this therefore manifests itself in culture/fashion/social norms etc ? 
  excellent . 
  if by `` it '' you mean ass-crack of the world , then yes . 
  you are right . 
  hahaha . 
  the british citizenship test is a joke . 
  a friend 's wife took it . 
  i picked up the revision book and had no idea what the answer to any of the questions was . 
  this whole thing is just sarkozy pandering to the far right . 
  he 's not polling well and could easily be chopped . 
   will have to prove their french language skills are equivalent to those of a 15-year-old mother tongue speaker . 
  great . 
  looks like my wife and i will be travelling on separate passports for the rest of our lives after all . 
  what did it say ? 
  who 's responsible when greece gets destroyed as a nation for years ? 
  greece , who cooked their books , or those that overlooked their frailty with an eye fixed on the united states of europe ? 
  re : edit . 
  yeah i laughed too tbh . 
  at first it 's :d and then it 's d :, 
  a friend of mine did the old year in africabuilding schools . 
  got talking to someone who worked an aids clinic . 
  people come in and see the the condom being put on the plastic model ( you ca n't exactly use a human model . 
  `` and here we have our lovely derek ... '' ) they put the condom on the plastic model themselves , they then go home and put the condom on a broom handle and think they 're safe from aids . 
  i admit that religion is having an impact , but in the un millenium summit meetings , religion was hardly mentioned . 
  there are much more significant socioeconomic factors which are causing the spread of aids . 
  [ yeah he was really off the ball . 
  yeah french people do n't talk about it much . 
  and then they change the subject . 
  i still have little idea about what happened . 
  the conspiracy theorist in me wonders if the brits called in a favour from turkey to distract the french from slamming them in the press all christmas . 
  relevant : `` there are many things from which i might have derived good , by which i have not profited , i dare say . 
  christmas among the rest . 
  but i am sure i have always thought of christmas time , when it has come round -- apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin , if anything belonging to it can be apart from that -- as a good time : a kind , forgiving , charitable , pleasant time : the only time i know of , in the long calendar of the year , when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely , and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave , and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys . 
  and therefore , uncle , though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket , i believe that it has done me good , and will do me good ; and i say , god bless it ! '', 
  what makes you think sarkozy will win his election ? 
  and in that situation how would you have reacted to irish mps giving your deputies a few economic pointers ? 
  you do if it was your stupid idea to bind yourself to a weaker economy through monetary policy but not fiscal . 
  if you 're going to bail people out you bail them out , not have german mps throwing their weight around and affecting the lives of irish families . 
  it 's undemocratic . 
  stop perverting democracy over money . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  through a pseudonym ? 
  good one . 
  who cares if i 'm in touch with the world ? 
  i 'm sceptical about the eu in general . 
  for example , the german mps had no legal business looking at a document outlining the irish budget . 
  that alone is a scandal imo . 
  people can brush it off and think , ` connard ... ' but frankly , union or not , it was shady . 
  i do n't think it 's out of malice , but i do think that pressures to keep the eu going at any cost will lead to uncomfortable compromises and turning a blind eye to justice and transparency because ` the common man wo n't understand . ', 
  it 's the stuff of power throughout the centuries . 
  to think that this is the time and ours is the generation where it ends is a joke . 
  because they 're the three power players . 
  that 's the only one i struggle with . 
  the rest just sound dumb . 
  apparently i 'm 1m95 . 
  that just sounds ridiculous . 
  i 'd much rather tell people i 'm 6 ' 5 '' . 
  that 's a very vocal 30 % . 
  i 'd easily put it above 55 % . 
  they 're pretty incendiary . 
  christmas pudding , foie gras , stollen and lebkuchen . 
  and a big fat tin of quality street . 
  wh - wow . 
  just ... wow . 
  you 're honestly suggesting that a professional mistake is liable to the same kind of accountability and responsibility as a conscious , hate-driven smear campaign ? 
  ok . you 're a fucking moron . 
  have a nice christmas . 
  i do n't see the logic . 
  clearly the uk should be downgraded first . 
  any germans or frenchmen upset by this ? 
  every single one of those french politicians needs to publicly apologise . 
  the british economy has nothing to do with standard and poor 's evaluation of france 's credit rating . 
  and to cause a political rifts in your neighbour 's government to save your own party is such a cheap shot its untrue . 
  the lot of them are a disgrace , pure and simple . 
  there is no justification for their behaviour . 
  one of the few things that redwood has going for him is the fact that he understands his job . 
  whenever he appears on question time my response is , `` oh good . 
  someone who 's done the reading . '', 
  should 've vetoed it ... 
  yes , quite . 
  because heaven forbid we should allow competent critical analysis by educated and qualified individuals to influence our markets . 
  let 's just have a free for all . 
  let 's see , with no input or advice from others , i think i 'll invest in toothpicks today and do it greece while i 'm at it . 
   foremost broadsheet * really ? 
  * that 's surprising . 
  i 'd have put the times first . 
  you have to bear in mind the media politics in this one . 
  if the guardian can show deep rifts between the uk and the rest of europe then they will blame it on cameron 's veto and his ` failed coalition ' . 
  they 're serving themselves with that tone . 
  if that happens , 2-0 to cameron . 
  britain gets the city , takes the heat and now gets to be seen as a good guy at heart by ` doing the right thing ' . 
  well til ... 
   which data do europe store ...
