  but can the greeks really afford it ? 
  there are maintenance fees attached to the marbles . 
  they are n't just installed in the museum and then that 's that . 
  they have to be cleaned and maintained . 
  can greece honestly afford the upkeep ? 
  and besides , what 's the point of the uk loosing revenue from lost tourists only to go further into the red with contributions to greece 's repeated bailouts so greece can then pay for the marbles ? 
  it just seems like needless expense for the sake of needless expense . 
  i wanted to upvote you but that comma in the second sentence made me twitch horribly . 
  given the support this subreddit seems to show for returning world wonders to their place of origin , does this mean we should empty the louvre ? 
  and when i say empty , i mean that place would quite literally be emptied if the french gave back everything they 'd ~ ~ stolen ~ ~ [ sorry ] *** acquired *** over the centuries . 
  i 'm quite certain there 's an argument to be made for returning the venus de milo to strengthen the greek tourism industry , as well as the mona lisa doing the same for italy , too . 
  goodness me . 
  what the hell is wrong with people ? 
  why does this strike people as a good idea ? 
  france is about to get raped . 
  it 's the death of democracy , quite frankly . 
  pretty sure my forebears fought wars to stop things like this happening . 
  if the uk would n't vote to opt of this i would emigrate to the usa . 
  there is no way in hell i would take orders from brussels or wherever simply because eurovision-style block voting says that i should . 
  there 's always a choice . 
  this whole thing smacked of a poli sci student trying his hand at metrics and crass typology . 
  why are there adjectives in the question trying to gauge my opinion before i answer ? 
  `` state subsidies for cr\u00e8ches and child care should be increased substantially . '', 
  here 's an idea : cut out the word `` substantially '' and i 'll tell you how much i agree with the initial statement . 
  ridiculous . 
  clearly we should be downgrading the uk before downgrading france . 
  no sensible politician wants to get involved with death . 
  [ sure ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/u6ce6/almost_onefourth_of_us_suicide_victims_drunk_at/ ) . 
  where else are they going to go ? 
  france , where they only get 70 % of their health care covered ? 
  pretty sure the euro got there first . 
  now we play the waiting game . 
  we all know that no one is going to be as classy as the italian guy from last year . 
  because electronic information is so hard to steal and duplicate . 
  it 's not punishment , it 's the way things are . 
  choices were made and this is the world we created for ourselves . 
  greece is completely boned . 
  there 's no magic solution . 
  they 'll be destroyed as a nation for a generation , maybe two . 
  we 're weeks away from it hitting the fan . 
  like , seriously hitting the fan . 
  we 've had stories of corruption , long-term large-scale embezzlement , women leaving their starving children at the gates of churches , we 've had riots , we 've got a charlatan vying for power with platitudes , and now we 've got suicides . 
  anyone who thinks greece is gon na pull through or that greece is n't in one of the blackest times of its history is deluded . 
  and through it all is the stark message that rescue packages do n't work . 
  the only thing that 's left is full blown revolution with political assassinations to boot . 
  it 'll be horrifying . 
  and amartya sen means `` biggest mind for a generation '' in intellectual . 
  gay marriage ftw, 
  it 's marxist theory . 
  marx believed that the underlying behaviour upon which society and culture were/are based is a group 's production and distribution of resources . 
  what would you consider progress ? 
  i started at the top left and it took me a few moments to realise that it was a making fun of me . 
  fish sticks, 
  takes one to know one . 
  ** oooooooooooooooooooo !!!, 
  fair comment . 
  retail sales are constantly fluctuating , but in general , people have enough tat ( you should see my dvd library ; i do n't even watch them because i think , `` i can always watch them later , '' ) and do n't have the confidence to go spending lots of money . 
  they 'd prefer to keep it in the bank inches interest rates rise and their tracker mortgages follow suit . 
  when the five day forecast is nothing but rainy days no one spends any money . 
  a friend of my wife 's boss is a london-based french estate agent . 
  over the past three months she has seen a massive increase in the number of french bankers moving to london . 
  the drain has already begun , mate . 
  prince philip !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/prince_philip,_duke_of_edinburgh ), 
  best part about this is that those clothes would fit sarkozy . 
  marine le pen can thank the french . 
  i 've lived in paris , marseilles , toulouse , bordeaux , perpignan , and also angouleme and manosque . 
  the french are straight up racists and disapproving of muslims in the same way the general reddit userbase is disapproving of theism in all it 's forms . 
  she 's not as far-right as you might think . 
  she was a lawyer for many years fighting for the rights of immigrants . 
  the fn 's base certainly are n't my kind of people but i do n't think she 's shaping up to be who her father was . 
  time will tell . 
  it 's true, 
  federation will never happen . 
  ever . 
  we are too different . 
  south america has got a better shot at it than europe . 
  the ideas he espoused we 're extremely conservative . 
  i disagree . 
  i think a part - * a part * - of justice is actually vengeance . 
  there goes scandinavia . 
  kicking all of our asses . 
  it will never happen . 
  we 're too different . 
  the reality is that we tried closer integration with the euro and it 's backfired horribly . 
  corruption in one ( politically and economically ) small country has successfully brought the continent to it 's knees , and you think a move to becoming the use is a good idea ? 
  bilingual enough , you bigot ? 
   the whole world were literally praying for his life . 
  i 'm still confused . 
  is this good news or bad news ? 
  the most interesting part of this to me is that it would be completely flipped on it 's head if the headline read , `` sarkozy says france has too much inward migration . '', 
  words , eh ? 
  saw it on the train this morning with the wife ( french ) . 
  she laughed more loudly than i did and then said something euroskeptic . 
   too late to point the finger no it 's not . 
  pointing the finger is how you identify problems and learn from mistakes . 
  and if politics is n't based on moral rails then what is it based on ? 
  because it 'll shock the world into not living in debt anymore . 
  i 'm a young graduate with no job because my predecessors danced with the devil by living on credit cards and not batting an eyelid at the housing bubble and not saying , `` that 's not what my house is worth ... '' but fuck it . 
  i 'm unemployed and there 's no end in sight .
