  we russia now, 
  it 's ok . that 's what the poor are for . 
  you need to stop peddling this lie . 
  it 's only doing harm . 
  they cracked a week ago . 
  it was 6/1 for a long time . 
  they think leave will be odds on favourite by monday at latest . 
  the momentum is clearly with leave . 
  you can sense it in the air . 
  i 've said from the beginning that it would snowball . 
  euphoria and a recession await . 
  if people are telling you that then they 're just being coy to dodge the conversation . 
  if you believe them in spite of that then i question your judgement . 
  we must live in very different parts of the country . 
  it 's obviously subjective , but i always liked easter . 
  free four day weekend . 
  no commuting traffic for a week thanks to school holidays . 
  chocolate . 
  big fat dinner on sunday . 
  just the right amount of exposure to family . 
  thanks , jesus . 
  yes , just like how it bounced back to $ 2 after the economic shock of 2008 . 
  i promise you there will be spontaneous tea parties . 
  people ran into the streets and celebrated new labour in 1997 . 
  vetoes do n't exist in the eu anymore . 
  it 's majority rule . 
  hence the widespread concerns over sovereignty . 
  when i listen to the campaign , i think the result will only be exit . 
  when i think about 24th june 2016 , i think the result can only be remain . 
  op well done . 
  this translation is pretty good . 
  great read . 
  still holding out for the crumble of the eu entirely . 
  #departugal is next . 
  yes , just like brazil is in america . 
  if it was a defensive pact with a central command exclusively headed up by the military member states ( britain and france ) and had zero ability to pro-actively declare war i do n't think many people would disagree . 
  juncker makes it easier for me to accept brexit as an impending eventuality . 
  old stereotypes do n't hold sway . 
  brexiteers are about to vote to leave the eu because they think britain is awesomely amazing enough to hold their own against the eu , the usa , china , russia , india , brazil , etc. 
  who 's arrogant exactly ? 
  the french because they 've got more class than the english ? 
  yeah but will juncker let it happen ? 
  whatever happens the eu has to get past the pawn with the crown and his superiority complex . 
  scot-free is just a phrase to mean ` to get away with it completely ' . 
  we 'll already have voted out . 
  how can we leave twice ? 
  how can you not see it ? 
  have you seen any of the crap that from leave.eu which is getting 10,000 s of likes on facebook ? 
  the british are entitled when it comes to their view of their place in the world . 
  if you ca n't see it you should spend time abroad . 
  i lived in france for three years . 
  you notice a lot more when you 're on the outside . 
  look , i was n't a fan of the fact that the broader ez decided to turn the screw . 
  they should have offered the same deal they offered the first time . 
  instead they went for the jugular . 
  it was the wrong thing to do . 
  but the eurozone did n't screw greece . 
  greece screwed greece . 
  portugal adopted the euro and took it in the face as a result too , and portugal took the help they were offered and have stuck to the plan . 
  they did n't hold freakshow referenda and snap elections because they believed themselves a special case . 
  greece brought it 's misery upon itself . 
  i do n't think they 'll need to . 
  i 'm a pretty staunch remainer , but the reality is that the country is very angry . 
  from what i 've been able to observe , right wing affluent tory leavers are all about sovereignty and the union flag . 
  left wing poorer labour leavers are all about kicking the immigrants out and st george 's cross . 
  the latter tend to be viciously , viciously angry and stolen jobs etc. 
  ukip have been giving out placards saying `` i want my country back , '' people shout it out on question time , at cameras , rweet it , it 's on facebook , etc. 
  the mood of this country has changed , and people just want to kick people out . 
  if i were n't english i 'd be thinking about getting out . 
  where the anger goes next is something i ca n't predict , and i do n't think i want to try . 
  define `` contribution '', 
  he 'll be out before that . 
  he 'd do better to fax it on the night . 
  he said political civilisation . 
  meaning that people would turn to right-wing politics ( as we 're already seeing ) and the common civic life of europe ( the eu ) would fall apart . 
  i do n't think he 's wrong . 
  boris johnson has spent his career championing the eu and turkey 's membership of it . 
  he 's reverted at the eleventh hour . 
  if we vote to leave he will be a shoo in for prime minister in a tory leadership contest . 
  the tories wo n't want to keep cameron who will be seen as a loser . 
  i have a feeling that he 'll execute article 50 before the tories can oust him , just as a final ` fuck you , ' to boris johnson . 
  the leavers probably think that they can do it themselves if they act fast enough , but i doubt it . 
  his legacy is already roasted . 
  he can go out on a high by carrying out the will of the british public . 
  are you saying that being brown is a crime where you are ? 
  it 's the tyranny of the majority , mate . 
  internationalism is collapsing . 
   if ethnic profiling helps fight crime , then they should use it . 
  if dragnet surveillance helps fight crime , then they should use it . 
  if inciting neighbours to spy on each other fights crime , then they should use it . 
  if intimidation and abuse fights crime , then they should use it . 
  that guy 's got a turban !, 
  what an asinine argument . 
  you fucking legend . 
  what could the eu throw at britain ? 
  can someone please photoshop cristiano into this ? 
  i 'm at work . 
  i 'm aware of the argument . 
  i just do n't think it 'll play out . 
  if anything i think the risks of leaving will have been so normalised that when people get to the ballot box ( assuming they get there at all ) , very many of them may think , ` fuck it , ' and vote leave .
