  i honestly do n't . 
  but if my employer knew and it was somehow used against me in a court case i 'd go nuts . 
  so legislation preventing that from happening is about the only thing that can be in any way possitive , and even then we 've already got most of our bases covered in things like the data protection act . 
  given how cooperative ecuador was with wikileaks why not just go there and stay in a hotel across the road from the presidential palace and make your leaks from there ? 
  it 's not foolish if you love drama and want attention . 
  he 's a narcissist . 
  all whistleblowers are . 
  on a related note , i 'm sick of this stalinist self-censor that i 'm expected to adopt . 
  i 'm supposed to herald this guy as a hero , but the moment i question his espousing of oppressive police states in order to flee the us i 'm told that ` that 's besides the point ' , or ` that 's a different argument ' . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's all the same discussion . 
  i do n't know if he 's a hero or a traitor , but one thing i am sure of is that he 's a clown . 
  this news story is like 6 hours old . 
  let 's at least see what le monde do with their international spotlight tomorrow . 
  now that they 've brought the rabbit hole to everyone 's attention they have set the stage to show everyone how far down it goes in tomorrows edition . 
  if they have nothing more to reveal after one article i will be stupefied . 
  laugh it up man . 
  and everything else in the french halls of power which is n't visible in that newsfeed . 
   the french services have not yet been proven to spy on the us congress , for instance . 
  every one spies on everyone else as much as they can because they expect the other guy to spy on them too . 
  i do n't need proof to know that the french are spying on the american congress . 
  similarly i do n't need proof to know that the uk government is spying on french parliamentary proceedings . 
  haha !, 
  this is too good . 
  i give it a week and russia and china will have been ` officially ' outed . 
  troll harder . 
  yeah he wo n't turn up to that . 
  he only gives speeches when people will hero worship him and stroke his ego . 
  there 's no way he 'll turn up to the ep . 
  i do n't even think he 's capable of giving such a speech in the correct tone . 
  all he ever does is use imperatives and shout a bit on important words . 
  i am so pleased that the adoration of obama is starting to wane and people are starting to be more critical about him . 
  the polite way of saying that is omnishambles which is an idiotic word . 
  it 's so pretentious i just want to punch someone in the face . 
  all of you should at least read a contrary opinion before you circlejerk yourself into the great beyond . 
  even if it 's just one . 
  the brics are going to destroy us . 
  is that a secular politician employing guilt morality ? 
  welcome to the news cycle , france . 
  you 're only a week late . 
  when the aliens attack it might just be what saves us . 
  i hope it 's sealand . 
  question for / r/europe : does the fact that the us and uk governments flash-scan your emails for trigger words encourage those of you with gmail accounts to change your email provider ? 
   hard right , corporatist , centrist government . 
  pardon my ignorance on this , but how can one be hard right and a centrist government ? 
  i ca n't even tell the difference between reuropeans and trolls any more . 
  sigh . 
  yeah but the difference is they pinned capone with tax fraud . 
  with evidence . 
   although i ca n't back that up a lot of people have said that in the trial , it seems . 
  surely the problem is the ridiculous nature of this trial , not the actually workings of the justice system ? 
  did she have to reimburse him for trading illegally ? 
  ok . no worries . 
  there was a coment in the / r/mapporn thread which had a crack . 
  it looked like some pretty interesting italian when i cast an eye on it . 
  i think people are tired of greece being in the news , that 's all . 
  it 's been like 4 years now . 
  thank you , 
  can we stop posting this video every five minutes ? 
  any italian redditors want to translate this ? 
  the veneer is starting to strip away ... 
  yeah because they 're going to send their kids to latin america and africa for an education . 
  i was going to put other : englishman . 
  but did n't . 
  i upvoted you . 
  i think all humour should be celebrated . 
   not sure what `` religious upbringing '' option is best if there was n't really any . 
  i interpret the `` atheist '' option as being encouraged to be atheist by family , while what i mean is an option indicating that it was n't really a factor in the family . 
  agreed . 
  i think in future there should be an otion along the lines of : ` religion was typically not discussed in the home , positively or negatively ', 
  can i play with it ? 
  brave . 
  america !, 
  america !, 
  / / god shed his grace on theeeeee !, 
  o beautiful for spacious skies , / / for amber waves of grain ... 
  and you 're progressive . 
  no one cares . 
  it was obvious from the inception of the internet that it would come to this . 
  this was always going to come out , and if edward snowdon wants to waste his life confirming something everyone suspected anyway then that 's his choice . 
  frankly i do n't care . 
  then go write the story . 
  mccain , in all honesty , is n't that bad . 
  he 's still in the senate and is actually a fairly balanced voice . 
  definitely republican , but not a tea party extremist . 
  romney , however , might be a brilliant businessman , but politically he 's a shill . 
  i honestly still ca n't fathom how people allowed themselves to be sucked in by obama . 
  he 's a politician and he was telling people what they wanted to hear . 
  the writing was on the wall from the beginning . 
  if you feel stupid then you deserve it , imho . 
  makes you wonder what 's going to be in the eu-us deal ... 
  epic troll is epic . 
  no idea where that came from , but it 's one of the truly ubiquitous slang words in britain . 
  everyone says it . 
  certain generations ( older folks ) and regions also say ` bob ' , as in , ` as bent as a nine bob note ' . 
  yeah i can see that . 
  it seems like it 's the behind the scenes look at politics that you never want people to see . 
  really awkward . 
  if it was just a straight bribe people would shout ` corruption ! ', 
  but with this it 's like , ' ... errrrr ... bahahahahahaha ! ',
