  eurovision might happen . 
  france because the break up would be hilarious . 
  for the british . 
  sounds like / r/europe if i 'm very honest . 
  my freedom !, 
  gone !, 
   could have a vested interest that is based on universally good principles says you and your moral code . 
  what an objective sourse . 
  the rating houses have as much credibility as any organisation . 
  just because you do n't like their particular vested interests does n't mean there is such a thing as an organisation without vested interests . 
  the trick is to keep a level head . 
  saw right through me . 
  i am really excited to see the results of this . 
  does n't matter . 
  they have influence . 
  you can distrust their verdicts but you have to live with them . 
  lalalala i ca n't hear you, 
  taken 4, 
  it all makes sense . 
  bin laden is ra 's al ghul . 
  wow so such goalposts very moved wow much dispassionate so logic, 
  it means that the annual bill of pensions goes down . 
  and if france is employing so many civil servants that raising the pension age would cost them money then quite frankly : ha ha !, 
  raise the retirement age to 38 . 
   as an institution which institution ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  because everything needs to be political . 
   for the first time in human history will be able to send `` money '' from point a to point b of the planet without any third-party intermediary are you a total dimwit ? 
  the other day i gave # 3 to a homeless person . 
  please point to the third party middle man . 
  yeah but even then , having all my coins physically tagged by some overarching authority ( is it public , is it private ? ), 
  is a little sinister . 
  it sounds very surveillance-esque . 
  you seem to be missing the point that if you are found in possession of a stolen item you have to give it back . 
  if a car is stolen and i buy that car at an auction thinking it is legal i am not compensated when the car is taken off me and given to the victim of the original crime . 
  i am simply told , ` tough break , mate ; now on your way . ', 
  in the case of bitcoin and currency this becomes a huge problem when giving the stolen item back to the original victim means that the poor son of a bitch caught in the middle of it all ca n't heat his home in the winter or feed his family . 
   the death of the middlemen again . 
  completely naive . 
  there are already people on / r/bitcoin talking about setting up a bitcoin financing business where they manage people 's accounts . 
   i would even propose a limit on wealth accumulation with heavy if not absolute taxation past a certain threshold . 
  well this will work out well . 
  `` why are n't you working more than 3 days a week ? '', 
  `` why bother ? 
  i wo n't get anything from it . '', 
  and what if the btc just get sucked up into the internet blackmarket economy ? 
  what if they only pop up 10 wallets later in the hands of an unsuspecting citizen who got a refund from amazon or something or from selling something on ebay ? 
  who 's going to have confidence in a currency where the ( meta ) physical coins themselves could be removed from your possession when the cops swoop down on you at the grocery store ? 
  how naive can you be ? 
  wherever there is money there will always be middlemen , there will always be risk , and as long as their is risk there will be people wanting their money guaranteed by a central , publicly controlled body . 
  and when the shit hits the fan they will look to public bodies to maintain the status quo and make sure that the veneer of civilization is preserved . 
  the science of money is n't about to be rewritten . 
  the same pattern will be followed and if/when bitcoin financiers risk the fortunes of individual citizens the taxpayers money will come into play . 
  and then do what ? 
  storm a gangbanger 's den with a shotgun ? 
  conjure up an authority which can remotely re-appropriate stolen funds ? 
  i foresee great success for an agency which has unfettered access to all things digital , including the power to play with people 's resources . 
  no , they 're subject to the raving madness of anonymous web surfers hyping up their own fortunes on the internet . 
  so much more reliable . 
  gibraltar likes it . 
  it would be to spain what gibraltar is to the united kingdom . 
  catalonia should do it . 
  totally . 
   not eating pork true barbarism . 
  / r/europecirclejerk . 
  but its not that great . 
  welcome to / r/europe . 
  `` immigrant '' here refers to brown people . 
  obviously if you 're from the eu you 're not an immigrant ; you are european . 
  it 's all implied . 
  `` an ever closer union '' is basically political manifesto speak for federation . 
  so this is how it 's going to be now ? 
  everything is political and there 's no escape ? 
  very well put . 
  i was surprised when he resorted to `` conformity to norms is , like , wrong , man '' . 
  when a 15 year old days that he is a child . 
  when a respected philosopher says there is no difference . 
  that 's a pretty good point . 
  that will have me thinking for a while . 
  the word is tory, 
  give us our money back , iceland !, 
  50-70 seems a lot for such a small death-toll . 
  were they not echos ? 
  my cat 's name is mittens . 
  asking an englishman to protest is like asking a frenchman to be likeable . 
  ~ horatio nelson, 
  way . 
  ted bundy . 
  source : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2003/nov/08/gender.weekend7  the mechanics of the pornographic search - craving , discovery of the `` right '' image , masturbation , relief - makes it , says morgan , work like `` a sort of drug , an antidepressant '' . 
  the myth about porn , as a witness told the 1983 minneapolis city council public hearings on it , is that `` it frees the libido and gives men an outlet for sexual expression . 
  this is truly a myth . 
  i have found pornography not only does not liberate men , but on the contrary is a source of bondage . 
  men masturbate to pornography only to become addicted to the fantasy . 
  there is no liberation for men in pornography . 
  [ it ] becomes a source of addiction , much like alcohol . 
  there is no temporary relief . 
  it is mood-altering . 
  and reinforcing , ie , ` you want more ' because ` you got relief ' . 
  it is this reinforcing characteristic that leads men to want the experience they have in pornographic fantasy to happen in real life . '', 
   in its most severe form , this can lead to sexual crime , though the links between the two remain controversial and much argued-over .
