  very few countries are petty enough to get you renounce cite sahib of your birth nation to be naturalised some place else . 
  but most will only award nationality to the degree that you are dual citizen , not tri or quad or hept or deca or whatever . 
  so you might have to give up one nationality to adopt another . 
  it honestly depends , and there are no conventions . 
  everyone does their own thing . 
  it 'll be theresa may . 
  which is n't my preference of prime minister , but she is at least competent . 
  six years as a pretty successful home secretary is n't to be sniffed at when westminster talent is so crap . 
  i minored in it at university ( < major  with < minor  in british degree titles , so mine was < main subject  with french ) . 
  and i can actually remember most of it too . 
  i 'm halfway through collecting all the paperwork needed for french nationality . 
  the best part is that it 's a $ 55 administration fee . 
  naturalisation in the uk costs over # 1,000 . 
  fair enough . 
  i think total number of people is perfectly valid . 
  especially when the uk could see 4.9 m people move back . 
  vote leave for shits and giggles, 
  there 's a random nobody called andrea leadsom who people are excited about for some reason unbeknownst to man nor beast . 
  grammar hath no enemy , but the superfluous comma, 
  ` entertaining ', 
  he was a terrible appointment . 
  it should never have happened . 
   even if the uk did lose its eu financial services passport it would n't be hard for them to keep their hq in london and move what they needed to overseas . 
  that 's only what they were ever talking about anyway . 
  they never said anything about moving the hq . 
  just a few jobs . 
  well of course . 
  ftse 100 compnaies generate something like 75 % of their revenue from overseas , in other currencies . 
  with a weak pound that means that those companies are going to be pretty cash rich very soon . 
  you 'd be nuts to put your money anywhere else . 
  corbyn needs to stand down or working people will vote ukip into the house of commons . 
  i was a remainer through and through , but whatever happens we may yet see that leaving will benefit us . 
  ultimately we 'll never know , because we ca n't compare two parallel universes when we only see one . 
  i 'm stealing that . 
  he has mastered the ability to manipulate the midiclorians . 
  the sun backed leave and the times backed remain . 
  says everything . 
  r/ukpolitics is in denial, 
  i have an iphone and use alien blue, 
  could mean anything but ok . 
  on mobile app . 
  did you vote leave ? 
  we opposed it . 
  against the treaties of europe there can be no photography . 
  would have been better if they 'd shown poor ukip supporters on the top and well to do types on the bottom . 
  oh do n't worry . 
  we all know that now . 
  remain . 
  commonwealth free trading bloc . 
  britain knocks on the door of the eu in a few years time . 
  asks if they want to do a deal . 
  britain gets single market access and commonwealth access - becomes trading hub of the whole world . 
  it 's a long shot but it 's about all we 've got . 
  are you somehow of the belief that we are country b ? 
  we 've had the minimum wage a hell of a lot longer than germany , and our environmental policies are pretty good . 
  heh heh ... heh ... ... heh ... she 's bluffing . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  bilderberg always wins . 
  the european people 's party ( epp ) is the centre-right political bloc in the european parliament ( ep ) . 
  they 're also the largest . 
  the eu has been adopting a principle of variable geometry . 
  in short , cherry picking . 
  this is the basis of britain winning safeguards all the time from brussels , and david cameron won a good number of them in his renegotiation . 
  he won further safeguards for the city of london ( read : our banks which are out major selling point to the world ) , and also won the most important safeguard of all : exemption from # ever closer union '' . 
  basically , david cameron came back with a deal that was more than fair for britain . 
  it was a good deal . 
  now we will find that we 've just thrown it all away on the back of a night out . 
  this hangover will last at least a decade . 
  would n't work . 
  people are currently positioning themselves in the ep right now for some pretty significant battles . 
  german leader of the epp has already said , ` no more cherry picking ' in the same speech he mentioned the city of london . 
  there are prizes to be won in the bedlam , and people will go for it . 
  what 's done is done . 
  it ca n't be undone . 
  define `` business as usual '' . 
  they ca n't , no but the diplomatic relations would grind to a halt making them ineffective anyway . 
  i feel exactly the same way . 
  exactly . 
  it would only make it worse . 
  europe are already banging the table demanding we serve notice . 
  if we try and stay it 'll just escalate more and more . 
  i 'll confess that i keep bursting into laughter at moments in the middle of the day and say , `` what have we done ?! '', 
  we do n't have the sovereignty to make that 's choice . 
  and that 's thanks to the british constitution . 
  the irony is magnetic . 
  they 'll have to come up with it somehow . 
  that means they 're having informal talks . 
  it earns the end of his career . 
  i 'm convinced he never meant to win . 
  he knows it ca n't be done . 
  he 's just blowing a dog whistle for the extremely arrogant part of the electorate who thought that they could have it all their own way . 
  it may depend on how much we pay , i guess . 
  he did n't want to win . 
  it was all a stunt . 
  all the brexit campaigners have scattered and gone into hiding , because only farage and maybe hannan and grayling actually meant to win . 
  this has blown up in the tory party 's face , and boris is now odds on favourite to be the guy who goes to brussels to negotiate with people he compared to the third reich . 
  this is beyond a disaster for everyone . 
  we are currently in a position where we are waiting for europe to deal mercifully with us . 
  how 's that sovereignty working out ?
