  super fil, 
  i say again , obama had charisma . 
  death the the infidel !, 
  i 'm kicking off about the accent in m\u00e9gathread . 
  what the fuck . 
  just go the whole hog and call it a * super fil * . 
  dude , knock it off . 
  * dude , knock it off . 
  you will never convince dclauzel to stop his crusade to restore french as the global lingua franca . 
  i guess it does now that you mention it , but i did n't take it that way . 
  i knew what you meant . 
  i hope so . 
  32 miles is a long walk . 
  but not before being held up as a national saviour by ukip . 
  i could have a gun within 12 hours . 
  i catch the tube to brixton and start by talking to the guy near the station selling drugs . 
  alternatively , i can fire up tor and go shopping . 
  so does everyone . 
  but everyone is also human . 
  i 'm not about to put cops on a pedestal just because they serve the community . 
  i would hope so , but at some point the cops are local and care about the local environment and community . 
  everyone falls into the trap of letting something become someone else 's problem . 
  the cops are only human . 
  i imagine this will become more frequent then . 
  if they sent the army i think most french people would say that the government got something right for a change . 
   there 's a tunnel under the sea connecting france / uk no . 
  way . 
  jokes aside i 'm waiting for the day that they cut through the fence and the eurostar gets shut down for a day due to ` people in the tunnel ' . 
  i 'm wondering if a lorry driver would actually just get a gun and shoot a stack of them . 
  police wo n't do anything , because * if they let them get across it will be britain 's problem * . 
  tragic for the families affected . 
  i would say yes, 
  if blacks wo n't let white people forget slavery then jews wo n't let germans forget the holocaust . 
  this story is a year old . 
  i 've said this several times to friends over the last few years . 
  it feels like we 're just dicking around waiting for the next big thing . 
  obama had charisma but his legacy is n't exactly one of a liberal visionary . 
  i do wonder if big leaders ^ tm are now a thing of the past . 
  the relationship between politicians and the media now means that politicians spend decades building up reputations and rapport with the public before they make it to leadership . 
  it seems that big leaders can only burst onto the scene as a relative unknown in presidential systems like the usa and france . 
  probably , but we all know this is never going to happen . 
  that 'll be the government 's car ban in paris . 
  do you not know how to join dots ? 
  which is why geert wilders gets 10 % of the vote and people support his video of mohammed cartoons . 
  sure . 
  the netherlands is n't facing pressures related to immigration at all . 
  nope . 
  no run to the right-wing there . 
  what has that got to do with the fact that we do n't produce enough food to feed ourselves without importing it ? 
  sure let 's crank it up to 6 % and then sell off the farms . 
  we already ca n't feed ourselves without keeping the shipping lanes open to import food from all over the world . 
  let 's crank out more infrastructure and build on all the land for shits and giggles . 
  i 'd go into more detail and look at nations , not just the eu bloc . 
  because high population density means stress and strain on infrastructure and [ britain has one of the highest population densities in europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/18bovsih.jpg ) . 
  which actually explains why a lot of people in europe do n't sympathise . 
  i ca n't understand why this is n't considered wide-scale harassment . 
   american flag making fun of different ways of doing things, 
  my friend ertak cares . 
  he said recently over after-work drinks , ` my parents came here because we would n't be persecuted . ', 
  makes you think . 
  do they demand censorship or do they ask to be treated with dignity ? 
  why would i ask a bunch of internet pseudonyms - who define themselves by something they hate , no less - to explain what other people believe , when i can ask my good friend ertak what he believes ? 
  better yet i could ask a prominent muslim scholar who has dedicated their lives to interpreting the nuance of islam scripture , or someone like mehdi hasan who is n't afraid to put his own name to his views . 
  i 'm familiar with what crimes extremists commit , but that does n't describe my friend , nor does it describe the vast majority of muslims i have come into contact with . 
  i think a lot of good people are becoming disaffected/disenfranchised in the wake of all this . 
  it 's not right . 
  the cartoon that won is clever but the rest come across as thinly veiled schadenfreude by militant atheists in it for a good circlejerk and the promotion of le science and space . 
  the fact that my words were so readily misconstrued to mean that i consider terrorists friends shows just how intolerant people have become of even having a nuanced discussion about the nature of offence in the 21st century west . 
  european demands over this are lamentable . 
  says a lot that the rhetoric of the west has become `` we wo n't do what the terrorists tell us , '' when in the past it was along the lines of , `` we will not needlessly offend our friends . '', 
  of course . 
  france invented swallowing it . 
  it tells me everything i need to know about dutch humour . 
  bad news : the gop hate kinder . 
  their days are numbered . 
  he bears a lot of the hallmarks of classic liberalism . 
  fap less, 
   \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af you dropped your biscep, 
  my favourite part about this is that no one cares but the french . 
  if you read it regularly enough you eventually get into it . 
  that said , select individual pieces are always great . 
  there was a piece a while back in a christmas issue wherein they framed joseph and mary as chavs with asbos on the run from stoning . 
  mentions of benefits and being homeless . 
  it was the wry humour that you have to read properly . 
  they were n't making fun of mary and joseph with it , unless you 're an idiot . 
  why do you think they only sell 30,000 in a given week ? 
  le canard enchain\u00e9 is much better . 
  i know that , but someone in nogent or st ger would n't write paris on their address . 
  someone in uxbridge or greenwich would write london . 
  that 's the \u00cele de france . 
  the french are actually very particular about the bounds of paris . 
  in the uk we do n't care near as much . 
  strictly speaking london is a square mile , but we do n't care . 
  you can live in surrey and still write london on your address . 
  in france it 's not the same . 
  stunningly pretty in the spring . 
  paris is tiny . 
  you can walk from bois de vincennes to bois de boulogne in a morning . 
  no checks on eligibility for welfare . 
  sick ?
