  `` leave the eu '' - by going back to the eu . 
  i do n't think it will be hard to win . 
  american suffering, 
  remain . 
  my in-laws ( fr ) are bereft . 
  the long knives are being sharpened . 
  sadly britain sold its family silver long ago . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 've got to go back to the 1930s to find something this stupid . 
  oh man nintendo is so boned . 
  just when they were about to make a comeback . 
  the next two years are about untangling the legislation . 
  it 's not about negotiating a trade deal . 
  that will take much longer . 
  ireland are already thinking . 
  cheap labour 's the problem , dammit !, 
  in all our faces . 
  they wo n't stay . 
  `` use gas pistols . 
  take control . '', 
  just there to gee up the city workers to vote today . 
  the mirror with the goatse reference . 
  nice . 
  given how stupid boris clearly felt giving that stupid independence day speech , it seems obvious to me now that boris has kissed the ring of rupert murdoch . 
  that 's what i 'm counting on . 
  not sure if it counts for anything , but our marriage certificate is issued by the french state ( well on of the towns ) and we were pacsed before marriage too . 
  i 'd apply for citizenship asap . 
  great response . 
  thanks . 
  how do i get this hot chocolate stain out of my favourite shirt after i snorted at boris ' `` independence day '' malarky ? 
  the property bubble is buy to let . 
  even the government acknowledges this , hence why they 've introduced a 3 % slab tax to deter new btl landlords from buying up the properties , and next april they 'll go after the profitability of it as a form of investment by taking away tax exemptions for repairs and maintenance . 
  btl also means that there is an ever expanding rental market , meaning there are virtually no barriers for entry for immigrants to set up a life here . 
  to rent you just need a couple of months ' rent . 
  to buy you need in the vicinity of a year 's salary , maybe more . 
  if we got rid of btl we 'd see the rental markets shrink over time ( sped up by squeezing out the profitability ) making it harder to find available housing , and a lot of immigrants would likely just give up and go home . 
  ` hard barriers ' ( i.e. 
  border control and visas ) are being ignored , as the migrant crisis shows . 
  migrants just jump in boats and wait for charities to pressure governments to meet a moral duty of care . 
  the intelligent way to control migration in the 21st century is ` soft barriers ' like how you control your housing stock , how many benefits they have access to , etc. 
  boris johnson just said it as his closing statement in a massive televised debate . 
  / r/ukpolitics are pouring champaign over each other . 
  it 's honestly the most pathetic thing i 've seen on reddit in years . 
  it 's likely we 'll need to pay for a work permit for one of us . 
  the simple reality is that we will get a greater return on investment if we pay for my work permit/citizenship . 
  my wife is a self employed tutor and it 's very much a ` supplementary income ' scenario . 
  in france we 'd be dual income because she 's an agr\u00e9g\u00e9e . 
  if we leave i 'm going to france . 
  simple as . 
  my in-laws have already said we can couch surf until we get on our feet , and by couch surf i mean move into their place with the empty bedrooms because my wife and siblings have all moved out . 
  the bible says everything . 
  it makes sense that people are going to find something in there and apply it to what they see in the world . 
  would be interesting if there was a god though . 
  `` all i ever said was to not be dicks to each other , and you took my messengers and twisted their words so you could be dicks to each other . 
  i 'm sending another flood . '', 
  what a lovely thing to say . 
  not really because i do n't think about it , but i guess i expect terrorists to target cities more so than a corner post office . 
  i 'll start getting scared when they start blowing up little amenities in leafy green suburbs . 
  at the moment i have accepted that i am at risk when i go to work . 
  i feel no threat when i am off the train and walking to my house . 
  de gaulle died for this, 
  british people just need to accept that we need immigration . 
  the current workforce has to support an unprecedented number of pensions , and that number is only going to increase over the next 5 - 10 years . 
  the idea that we can pay all the pensions and provide all the care ourselves with native ` talent ' is just dumb . 
  they also need to understand that in a dynamic economy it is better to allow the market to decide who they employ , not let them cope with who gets permission to stay from a bunch of bureaucrats in whitehall . 
  britain is routinely sold the hogwash that we can somehow keep economic growth booming and population growth to a minimum . 
  the cherry on top is that they think we can achieve this in a world where global population is surging ahead . 
  it 's embarrassing to watch . 
  i do n't think nato will exist before long . 
  they should throw tony blair in there . 
  he 'd actually do a phenomenal job , and i really do n't like tony blair . 
  as a staunch remainer , `` i feel it too ! '', 
  had me in stitches . 
  my concern is that by just saying , `` terrorism - move along , '' we 'll not look at any lessons which need to be learned from this . 
  this man was n't someone who hated what britain stood for , he professed to prioritise britain . 
  this is n't like a ` freedom cause ' like the ira or vendetta like islamist extremism . 
  it 's not even part of a guerrilla movement . 
  he 's clearly unstable and had he had medical attention things may have unfolded differently , but the reality is that he 's a white english person who killed a white english person in the name of white english people . 
  we need to understand why , and hand-waving statements about terrorism and attacks on democracy do n't even raise question marks as to why . 
  dicks out lads, 
  j pop would destroy the competition at eurovision . 
  is like to see yours too . 
  pfff what does he know about business and investment ? 
  he could n't even overtake warren buffet as richest man of the world . 
  what a hack . 
  they have explicitly stated that `` ever closer union '' will not apply to the uk . 
  the european union act means that any future treaty change will require a referendum . 
  that 's law , not party pledges . 
  an eu army would require a new treaty . 
  so this simply is n't a referendum on an eu army . 
  that scaremongering tactic needs to do one . 
  the arrogance is thinking we 're awesome enough to go and reshape the world 's trade patterns to suit us , and that we 'll do it quickly . 
  the history of trade liberalisation shows that it 's a hard and very slow one . 
  we do n't need to leave in order to trade with the world . 
  germany 's biggest customer is the usa , and their biggest supplier is china . 
  the reason why we sell mostly into the eu and suck at trading with the rest of the world in comparison to germany is because that 's the way our economy is structured . 
  we sell services . 
  any country can teach their kids how to use outlook and excel . 
  and the allegedly negative impact of the eu on british life is grossly over exaggerated . 
  so we 're the 6th now ? 
  were n't we the 5th not that long ago ?
