  was it a supranational organisation or was it a [ * edit * : network ] of autonomous states who helped each other out to quickly and effectively get a job done ? 
  this is n't the 1950s . 
  we do n't need some treaty of rome-esue combined foreign policy . 
  when the eu was formed in 1992 it was formed in a world where the internet was n't even understood properly . 
  this is a world of networks . 
  of google and twitter and facebook . 
  young people think in networks now . 
  what is the point of insisting that we 're going to be a bloc when , in 20 years time , the world is going to be led by people who ( currently in their 20s and 30s ) are natural networkers ? 
  the giant super state bloc will become a stumbling block to a generation which do n't think in bloc-terms , while the rest of the world speeds ahead flexibly and independently but still completely capable of enjoying peace and brotherhood with each other . 
  the eu has to change . 
  it 's already outdated , and in 20 years time it is going to be cumbersome beyond belief . 
  keep the single market , remain close allies , but drop this insistence of a super state . 
  it can only fail once it reaches the hands of a generation who do n't know what to do with it . 
  alternatively , open it up to referenda in all the countries . 
  `` do you want your country to become a member state of a federal united states of europe ? '', 
  let 's see what the people say . 
  do you not still have the big v2 trucks ? 
  or did those have to go with disarmament ? 
  i see the shock and butthurt from cameron 's speech is still deeply felt . 
  you have n't explained anything . 
  what 's the point of an ever closer union ? 
  if we stay as a bloc them we fully embrace the projections at the moment . 
  and they all show that the eu will massively miss out to asia an latam . 
  i 've had this a lot on this subreddit . 
  and every time i 've asked why , and no one answers . 
  enlighten me . 
  if you actually read all of cameron 's speech in its entirety you 'll actually see that he addresses serious issues facing the eu . 
  it 's not just the self-indulgent arrogance your newspaper of choice seems to be telling you it is . 
  it 's ok , we get the jokes . 
  so the eu is emotional/ideological instead of pragmatic ? 
  are we at least accepting that now ? 
  from the guardian ? 
  you wash your mouth out . 
  blackmail ? 
  how would britain even pull that off ? 
   a map that shows the uk as the most likely country to leave the eu maybe , but i think that 's an extreme to run to . 
  it 's a map which shows that uk citizens are more disapproving of the eu than other countries . 
  i 'd take that to mean more disillusionment and frustration than a flat-out desire to quit . 
   why so reluctant against the uk 's vision of emphasis on economic and not political ? 
  honestly , i suspect that it 's because of the war . 
  whether or not people are prepared to accept that is a different story . 
  everyone still has scars from it . 
  the brits think they 're freaking awesome and that they 've got nothing to prove to the world for at least another 50 years , the french are always trying to become the ( mildly imperialistic ) cultural superpower they were before ww1 , the germans are trying to overcompensate for what happened in ww2 . 
  the united states of europe project seems more about emotional catharsis than economic practicality . 
  you can almost taste the euphoria and tears of joy in the phrase , `` an ever closer union '' . 
  it 's the kind of thing you 'd hear on a wedding day . 
  all the reporter has done is taken approval ratings , done the slightly unusual thing in subtracting one from another to measure the difference between the two , and used that as an index of ... something . 
  it 's a really unusual thing to do . 
  that 's the kind of thing poli sci majors do as a last minute attempt to make an interesting presentation for their tutor group . 
  add som bright blue and red to make things look dramatic and bob 's your uncle : a map which grossly over-exaggerates reality . 
  it 's spin . 
  to manipulate is to control skilfully . 
  it 's not always negative . 
  well for a start we buy more from you than you buy from us , so if we leave a massive slice of your exporting becomes far more problematic and potentially very expensive depending on how petty france want to be if/when the uk negotiates a friends-with-benefits relationship as non-eu members . 
  now that would n't help italy -- sorry -- the eu super state out very much now would it ? 
  can you think of anyone else without a democratic mandate who has that much say in european politics ? 
  seems pretty unprecedented to me . 
  not your fault . 
  and they really should . 
  irks me that they have n't figured that out yet . 
  would be nice to have a text article that i can read rather than a video i ca n't watch easily at work . 
  maybe they have none . 
  maybe it 's just a rich man 's club with them pushing their own agenda and are completely emotional now that someone has said , ` can we have a proper democratic conversation about what 's going on , please ? 
   combine the last europarliament elections and the last national election in every member country , and it will become pretty obvious how barroso got there if you consider that an open and transparent version of democracy where the people 's voice is directly and unequivocally heard then you are a disgrace to western philosophy . 
   unprecedented power and influence he has the power to ( undemocratically ) shift and shape or even try and dismiss debates . 
  that is power and influence in politics . 
  how is development to work towards a giant super-bloc ? 
  a clearly defined network is far better . 
   slowing down the so much needed measures to save the euro like the time we guaranteed ireland 's debt at the drop of a hat allowing the irish markets to stabilise while the rest of ez took their sweet time getting things done and rocked up much later ? 
  clearly the tardy super-bloc is far more agile than a one nation acting quickly and decisively . 
  no the manipulation of the data is ridiculous . 
  it 's a great example of how data can be exaggerated to paint any picture you want as emphatically as you want . 
  do n't twist my words . 
  why else are they publishing this the day after a landmark speech made by -- which country was it again ? 
  ... dammit i ca n't remember . 
  let 's not forget the time they agreed to a 25 % reduction in the british rebate in exchange for cap reform . 
  and then did n't reform the cap . 
  or the time they sold the european constitution to their own people with such blatant propaganda that the voters shot it out of the sky almost unanimously but -- * vive la france * -- they pressed on regardless and found a work around . 
  or the time they breached budget conditions and ran a deficit outside of the recommendations . 
  no , wait . 
  that was more than one time . 
  and here i must leave this discussion as i have a day of work to get through and i could do without banging my head against a wall because of reddit . 
  i consider the ec eurocrats . 
  please indicate the margins of victory and the registered voters in the popular election in which barosso was elected to a position of unprecedented power and influence in europe 's political scene . 
  i 'm so glad they said this . 
  people are always painting it as , ` britain wants out . ', 
  in reality it 's ` other countries want you to leave so we can have it all to ourselves . ', 
  it 's a europolitics version of `` tits or gtfo '' . 
  e : also , for a country that loves the phrase , ` europe a la carte , ' can someone please explain , with detail and a solid thesis of a morality well grounded in the european project , how the danone law is not taking the eu * a la carte * ? 
  because all i see is flagrant hypocrisy . 
  i do n't think it was fear . 
  the thing you have to remember about cameron is that he did n't grow up dreaming of being a politician , he dreamt of being a statesman . 
  love him or hate him , he 's very intelligent and sees the big picture because there lies the prize of immortality . 
  i think he did a good thing . 
  this move towards the united super state of europe is entirely undemocratic and the european people should be consulted . 
  for the past few years the eu 's future has been determined by eurocrats and eurocrats alone . 
  it 's time to consult the people and have an open conversation about what 's been going on in the backrooms of brussels for far too long . 
  his speech was n't just a storm in a tea cup , he 's completely changed the entire eu debate by blowing it wide open for a transparent discussion where the people are included . 
  there are plenty of countries who dislike the status quo of marching the tune of france and germany and as time passes i think plenty of people will think , ` actually , it does n't * really * have to be like this , does it ? ', 
  that measurement is ridiculous simply because it is so open to spin .
