  perfect given the u.s. credit troubles and national debt . 
  \u2022 ** family man with character ** . 
  husband of 42 years , parent of five successful boys , grandfather to many more . 
  leader in his church community . 
  philanthropist . 
  never so much as drinks coffee , much less smokes , drinks , or curses . 
  his former colleagues and co-workers are universal in admiration for the caliber of man he is . 
  i wish we could at least have the intellectual integrity and honesty to recognise that he 's not a moron . 
  what amazes me is that no one realises that the only thing to learn from history is that we 've tried everything and nothin works . 
  of course . 
  private companies and capitalism . 
  i knew it . 
  it has nothing to do with how we ca n't deal with shit . 
  * somewhere * in the chain there is a fat cat crushing a labour voters balls in a vice-like grip . 
  thank goodness . 
  for a moment there i thought the guardian had run out of things to piss and moan about . 
  first they 're blaming the government for declaring drought , then their blaming the government for too much rain and fields of crops being flooded and washed away , now they 're blaming the government for it being too hot . 
  meanwhile , secularism be praised for labour and red ken bringing the games to britain in the first place . 
  it 'll renovate the east end a treat . 
  do n't forget to hug a muslim who 's had her burka banned while you 're out there , everyone . 
   prone to religion & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ;, 
  but that was n't the question asked in the survey . 
  the survey asked whether or not people believed in a god . 
  wow . 
  i 'm very surprised that france is that high . 
  and what 's up with germany ? 
  i think it 's all the mont been extracted from the uk east midlands via western union and other money transfer services . 
  this is hands down the most ignorant remark i 've read on this site about religion . 
  trust europeans to not know their guns . 
  i actually came here to comment on the lack of profanity . 
  and james bond . 
  * hifives , compatriots *, 
  wtf ... ? 
  do i trust them as i trust my fellow countrymen ? 
  sure . 
  i do n't trust british people with welfare at all . 
  equally i do n't trust europeans . 
  we should all throw our pcs into the bay as a sign of protest . 
  democracy : your ignorance is equal to my wisdom . 
  oh please . 
  like jewish and muslim communities are going to stop anyway . 
   i feel as a european first and as a german secondly . 
  i honestly ca n't help but feel that this is a result of an over-compensating sense of contrition that 's ingrained in the national psyche over there . 
  two germans i have spoken to have both said , * independently of one another * , words to the effect of , ` we have to help the rest of europe/we deserve this after what we did during the war ' . 
  the contrition pushes people to build their identity on a forced solidarity between other nations . 
  i simply ca n't understand why else someone would feel like a european before a citizen of their own nation state . 
  our history , culture and languages are too fractal to even begin to start identifying as a member of the same group as a french , a spaniard and an italian all at the same time unless it 's forced by some kind of stress . 
  also , you are overwhelmingly in the minority in defining yourself as european before anything else . 
  overwhelmingly . 
  we did it , reddit !, 
  what is in this woman 's mind ? 
  honestly ? 
  do we all have to be dragged into the capper because of her dreams ? 
  and why not eurobonds ? 
  i thought she was for closer integration . 
  or is it integration solely to build germany 's power and success ? 
  none of this adds up . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  way . 
  it is a panto . 
  they think it 's all over ... 
  it 's just lip service . 
  they do n't care . 
  it simply means politicians will have to include it in their manifestos so it looks like the people voted on things they really have no say in . 
  blonde people are going extinct . 
  that 's not a joke . 
  it 's a recessive allele . 
  fair enough , but surely to imply that britain 's behaviour stems from events that far back then the same must be said about other countries . 
  does germany 's fetish for integration relate to bismarck 's foreign policies , or hitler 's ? 
  just wait . 
  so the foundation of your thesis is a cultural stereotype ? 
  i 'm not sure about a rival eu but i certainly think that the current one is just a backslapping exercise . 
  come to think of it , i ca n't really see why we have eu laws . 
  the schengen i think is a good idea , and the market , but why a european brand of legislation ? 
  seems a bit weird . 
  does it all stem from fears of the post-war/cold-war era ? 
  diplomacy and trade go hand in hand . 
  blowing diplomatic relations with eu member states would only hurt us in trading relations with our neighbours . 
  i 'm skeptical about china 's economic strength , to be honest . 
  their gdp has soared largely as a result of a massive construction boom , but there are entire cities out in the provinces that are empty . 
  65 million empty homes is n't something that you can easily overlook , and ( in my layman 's position ) i would hope that it would raise a flag for anyone considering relying on their economy for trade . 
  i think it 's a bad move . 
  especially if rumours of the us and the eu trading together more often is true . 
  hi five , london !, 
  happened [ back in 1820 too ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/venus_de_milo#section_2 ) . 
  looks like i 'm getting the flu over the christmas holidays at the end of this year . 
  i 'm off to the alps for that ski trip in may after all . 
  disenfranchisement is always accompanied by a rise of the far-right . 
  that 's kind of a general rule . 
  nothing new here . 
  just a sensationalist trying to call austerity a bad idea in provocative words . 
  we 're hague and osborne wrong , though ? 
  it all depends on how hard he french and germans push to get their hands on the city . 
  probably not the ideological answer typical of r/europe but its the only thing i can think will push british lawmakers and politicians to withdraw . 
  welcome to the school of hard knocks . 
  should n't have jumped into bed with them in the first place . 
  my general rule for life . 
  because it 'll be a clear message from the inhabitants of the islands that they want argentina to piss off . 
  it 's essentially a checkmate play . 
  argentina will have no choice but to either invade and disgrace themselves in the eyes of the international community , or walk away having been humiliated in the eyes of the international community .
