  at the very least , all profit should go straight back into public funds . 
  he did , which is why i said ` were he to stand ' . 
  david cameron is the son of a multi-millionaire and went to eton boy 's school , then went on to oxford and graduated with a first in ppe . 
  he is a career politician with one of the best educations that britain can offer anybody . 
  despite what reddit 's left wing youths like to say about him in defence of their porn , cameron is actually very popular with middle england , and i could see him winning a third term were he to stand . 
  disappointingly he is more pr than substance , and filled his first cabinet with his mates , leading to the term ` chumocracy ' , and in his second term he has filled his cabinet with young upstarts and kept a few of his closest allies in the big seats . 
  without divulging degrees of separation , from what i know from my social circles he is a genuinely nice guy who wants to do the best for his country . 
  i do n't doubt that in the slightest . 
  i do n't think there 's much of a hidden agenda beyond standard partisan poltiics stuff . 
  he 's certainly not trying to run britain into the ground . 
  he is of course a moderate conservative and believes that low paid work is better for a person than lounging around getting paid for nothing ( and apparently that 's how most of / r/europe feels about greece ; who knew ?! ) . 
  he should sack ids but see my comment about mates above . 
  the good thing about the pr stuff is that he is perfectly comfortable playing pantomime bad guy with regards to the eu stuff . 
  if you cracked david cameron in half the words ` european union ' would run through him like a stick of rock , but he was prepared to oppose juncker 's appointment to the hilt because it mattered to a very significant ( to him ) chunk of the electorate in britain ( despite the fact that juncker probably lines up with cameron 's ideologies a lot more than most people in this subreddit . 
  but that 's probably more an indication of how topsy-turvey the eu is ) . 
  he is shrewd and quite a talented politician . 
  i do n't agree with everything he does or says but in the round i think britain could do much , much worse than cameron . 
  other tories would be worse , and labour ca n't run a 100m race right now , let alone a major party or a country . 
  i think most people would grudgingly agree . 
  divorce does n't obliterate the link between marriage and family . 
  in fact it gives context for understanding why divorce is such a sad state of affairs . 
  ctrl + f : flamby / flambi disappointed , france, 
  if greece was in a position to take care of itself it would be completely different . 
  if greece was n't part of a ` union ' designed to around the common principles of mutual assistance and compatriotism , the lenders would n't be hypocrites . 
  as things stand , the eu has trampled it 's ` friend ' into the dirt when it needed help . 
  let 's see what happens when the banks reopen . 
  i do n't either , but the fact is that it would be a blow for germany if deutsche took some knocks . 
  you are just the best kind of idiot . 
  you really read all those articles about the usa and the uk spying on people and got angry that they were the only one 's breaking the international code of peace and trust , did n't you ? 
  so rather than use your head and draw your own conclusions about the world you 're just going to guzzle down whatever the media give to you to swallow ( `` please read the article '' ) ? 
  are you for real ? 
  you honestly believe that the eu is run on sunshine and farts and ` trust ' was ever a big part of any of this ? 
  are you 6 ? 
  their issues were not hidden . 
  and quite frankly if governments were lending money without proper intelligence gathering then they 're fucking stupid . 
  do you think that 's what they were doing ? 
  do you think germany and france were n't gathering intelligence on greece 's financials while offering them to join the euro and borrow lots of money ? 
  do you think big banks could n't work shit out ? 
  do you really think that ? 
  the eu should n't be used as a tool in forcing countries to bow to it 's will . 
  if greece wants a nationalised electricity sector then it should have one . 
  being forced to crack it open for big business is an affront to democracy . 
  they 're not a religious party, 
  conservatives, 
  people just really like angela merkel . 
  the difference is that marriage is a social institution that serves a function in creating stable environments for child rearing . 
  severing the link between procreation and marriage may destroy that association between marriage and family . 
  this is n't about personal taste , and to whittle it down to that is remarkably reductive . 
  they elected those people because they were tired of having their democracy raped by technocratic puppets put in place by the eu . 
  that was n't my point . 
  my point was that greece is being forced to unlock it 's assets for foreign countries to move in and start making bank . 
  it 's cynical and pretty cheap . 
  deutschebank has smelt of shit for years and everyone knows it . 
  having to swallow $ 1.6 bn , on top of all the other fines they would have to pay , would hurt them more than you think . 
  everyone was borrowing that much because they did n't think they 'd ever need to pay it back . 
  borrowing was low and interest was high . 
  it was the longest boom in decades , to the point that many thought that boom and bust was over . 
  a lot of other countries found themselves in serious difficulty too when the banks went bust , and life still is n't ` back to normal ' even in places like britain , where youth unemployment is still high and the housing market has never really recovered . 
  hindsight is 20/20 and to say ` well they should n't have borrowed so much , duh ! ', 
  is remarkably naive and shows no understanding of what the first few years of the 2000s felt like to businesses the world over . 
  greece borrowed a lot of money , but no one stopped them , no lenders ever said , ' i think you 've had enough , ' and no one denied greece even though it was obvious what was going on . 
  everyone has a hand in this , and to shift it all on to one attribute is stupid . 
  i 'm wondering how long it will be before the word usury makes it back into common parlance and people start looking at it as a moral transgression against the causes of humanity again . 
  also , there will be no debt forgiveness . 
  deutschebank owns a lot of that debt . 
  they 've smelt of a failing bank for years now . 
  if they forgive their debt they 'd be roasted . 
  basically , the ez 's ` contagion ' would be spread . 
  the ez is paying for debt with more debt because it 's the only way to quarantine it in the corner of the continent . 
  everyone was doing it . 
  greece got caught out more than most . 
  to blame them for over borrowing is insane . 
  everyone has blood on their hands for this . 
  while greece 's elite are no doubt responsible for the issues at hand , and while i have no doubt that there is a culture of corruption and tax-dodging in greece , that does not vindicate the ez 's behaviour in putting the third package together . 
  coercion was never persuasion . 
  strong-arming does not lead to mutual respect . 
  forcing greece to crack open it 's economy so that big german and french companies can move in and clean house is deeply cynical . 
  what do you think 's going to happen when the electricity market is privatised ? 
  e.on and edf are just going to twiddle their thumbs ? 
  varoufakis was right . 
  this resembles nothing short of a postmodern occupation , with economics being the weapon of choice . 
  greece will never be the same , and in the age of multinational conglomerates , greece is looking increasingly like a vassal state . 
  the whole thing completely undermines the european project and makes it look a farce . 
  around be interesting to see that after the third greek bailout . 
  or maybe people have jobs , social healthcare , food in the cupboards , energy infrastructure working , roads in good condition , and most people are just getting on with their lives devoid of all the calamities the media tells them they should care about . 
  it 's not that surprising given that it 's peddled as the only solution to resolving the perpetual crisis which has been in swing for 7 years now . 
  greece may yet have a revolution . 
  not conservative governments . 
  even if we ran with that , have any of those marriages ever ended happily ? 
  that 's a little harsh . 
  so you 're worried about 1984 breaking out across the uk because a dialogue box is checked by default instead of being unchecked ? 
   because of some cowardly nations those cowardly nations are the one 's you want to enter into political union with . 
  something tells me your perception of this union is not one in which all voices are treated equally . 
  there 's a lot to lose . 
  would a political union result in standardised tax rates ? 
  it 's great closing tax loopholes and stuff , but is it ? 
  if germany and ireland had the same tax rate , do you honestly think people would ever set up camp in ireland ? 
  no offence to ireland , but surely it makes sense to be where the action is , and it 's happening in france and germany these days . 
  smaller countries would n't fare well from a political union at all . 
  whoever is telling you that is lying .
