  we 're the exactly the same but completely different . 
  wait until the conversation starts . 
  at the moment it 's just commentary on what cameron 's doing . 
  or maybe the current generation of brits realises that the actions of previous britons was a bit dickish and we think that creating a harmonious economic environment is going to give us all better lives instead of being psychopaths who absorb all the local resources for shits and giggles , like germany and france seem hell-bent on doing . 
  so why not make a solution that 's one size fits all ? 
  why insist on a multi-speed union ? 
  why not a single speed network ? 
  two speed europe . 
  two speed germany . 
  when did i say the numbers matter ? 
  i 'm arguing the opposite ; that high-level figures do n't tell the human stories behind all of this . 
  the individual stories often go against the high-level data , like me wanting to go from britain to france . 
  the treaty which formally ended world war i. 
  the treaty of versailles was a cease-fire agreement , i think . 
  might be wrong . 
  secondary school was a really long time ago . 
  i 'm not saying we should , i 'm just saying that i find it surreal that it 's come to this . 
  `` an embryo euro area budget '' accountable to the ep ? 
  it 's putting the euro right at the fore of the parliament and at the same time adding more layers of political influence . 
  it 's a powerplay . 
  `` you 're either with us or your not ; we suggest you get on board . '', 
  i 'm impressed but at the same time i find it pretty cynical . 
  but the more you split things the more pluralised it becomes . 
  how is that a `` single market '' ? 
  surely as time goes by it will be ? 
  if there is a political/governing entity which has a huge say in how the single market works , but it acts solely in the interest of the euro , then that creates a serious division in the single market . 
  if that were n't the case , where would countries currently outside the * eurozone * get the compulsion to join it ? 
  because we both know that 's exactly what the purpose of this move is . 
  e : outside the eurozone , not eu . 
  but surely it is self-defeating ? 
  just as people have argued that britain 's insistence on it 's own special status in the eu has been lacerated as being counter-productive and a stumbling block ? 
  is it not therefore hypocritical to criticise britain for never believing in the idea of the single market while at the same time cutting said single market in two ? 
  i have no idea . 
  what scottish people do n't seem to understand , though , is that most people are pretty fed up of westminster anyway , so when the scottish demand special treatment for their own disaffectedness the rest of us just roll our eyes and feel like telling them to suck it up like the rest of us . 
  how is a two speed europe the solution if the solution was always intended to be an egalitarian europe ? 
  it makes about as much sense as bitcoin acolytes saying that the only solution to keep bitcoin afloat is to introduce regulation into a system which was always intended to be devoid of regulatory bodies . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  i 'll also say that most / r/europe brits , so far as i can tell , are well aware that we have zero allies in the eu . 
  it has served everyone but britain very well to paint britain as the outsiders . 
  we 're quite used to being europe 's scapegoat . 
  the netherlands and ireland will never go in for this . 
  neither will britain . 
  dunno about finland but i 'd be surprised if they were ok with it all too . 
  if britain leaves then it 'll break the eu eventually . 
  it 's allies will be left defenceless without britain to fight the shared cause and germany and france will have their way with the eu . 
  more will gradually drop off . 
  economic activity has it 's own gravity . 
  this has been known for centuries . 
  if you take away the sovereign right of countries to control their own economies to increase competitiveness then they 'll stagnate . 
  people will just move to more developed areas where life is better . 
  you take away ireland 's low corporation tax and powerhouse companies like google will just plonk themselves somewhere else where the surrounding environment is good enough to convince their talent to live there in the first place . 
  there 's a balancing act between local economy and a company 's profits . 
  if company profits are going to be the same everywhere , go set up shop where the best talent goes . 
  ~ ~ from what i 've read of these proposals , this is going to break the eu . ~ ~ having read more i 'm happy to retract this statement . 
  if there is a god he is optimus prime . 
  movie optimus is such a badass . 
  far too much effort . 
  cartoons are still pushing crappy plastic toys on kids . 
  i say that as a father . 
  `` french people evolved from lower forms of life , like monkeys , egyptians and greeks . '', 
  just good cartoons in general . 
  visionnaries , thundercats , [ mask ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2z1ylo9c-q ) . 
  god i miss the 80s . 
  e : [ centurions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqt00zsvzcg ) too . 
  ace mccloud was the fucking boss . 
  so if the numbers are what matters why are you using your own experience of young italians ( anecdotal evidence ) to refute a slide deck showing that italy 's not as bad as you 'd have me believe ? 
  dat recovery period, 
  did you just read anything i just wrote ? 
  and who cares if it 's been covered extensively in the italian media ? 
  if the guardian was the only source of news in britain you 'd think the country was being run by lizard people who are seeking to oppress the children of miners in a form of racism , because it 's covered extensively in the british media . 
  care to calm down ? 
  magna carta does n't have an article in front of it . 
  it 's just magna carta . 
  and for those wondering , magna carta translates to big map . 
  while i do n't like the right-wing 's view of society and multiethnicity , i have to agree with you . 
  the left have buggered up so much that they paved the way for the right to sweep in . 
  good for italy . 
  that 's good stuff . 
  to be fair , lots of people are moving around to different countries . 
  my brother-in-law is off to canada and i could be off to france . 
  not because the wider economy is faring better , but because my life as an individual would be better ( assuming i can secure a job paying an equivalent salary ) . 
  my reasoning ? 
  britain is very much a sinking ship for me . 
  no percentage of gdp being spent on the nhs adjusted for wage growth 5 years ago going forward on greenfield hospital bids or whatever is going to convince me that my dreams are being provided for by the united kingdom . 
  on the other hand , if we went to france , my wife could get a job as a secondary school teacher ( for which she is fully qualified , but british headteachers do n't understand that an aggr\u00e9gation from the - * the * - normale sup makes the pgce look like a btec so they do n't even call her for interview ) and we 'd suddenly turn into a dual-icnome family and everything would change for us . 
  so macro-economic profiles ( which mean very little to individual family budgets ) aside , why would i stay in britain ? 
  singling out the disaffected italian youths who come to britain as an indicator that italy is sinking into the med is a non-starter . 
  is this a religious thing ? 
  omfg we are done here . 
  that is the saddest thread of flip flopping i 've seen in a while . 
  that makes approximately zero difference and it 's just smoke and mirrors . 
  states are a collective representation of its citizens . 
  formal union of peoples en masse can only take place through institutions , in this case the state . 
   the magna carta  the magna carta stop that . 
  but i 'm not discussing a federal super state . 
  i 'm saying that the only thing that the `` ever closer union '' clause can mean is a federal super state . 
  that 's not a discussion about a federal super state . 
  that 's highlighting the only logical outcome of the `` ever closer union '' clause . 
  this conversation does n't make any sense any more, 
   post devo max get there first and we 'll have a conversation .
