  shotguns while clay pigeon shooting . 
  went to a firing range in the states . 
  spas 12 . 
  the desert eagle was my favourite . 
  the snap bang is just the best sound . 
  near ripped my shoulder off though . 
  that checks out . 
  if / u/trucidator is a law student he is a pretty clever student . 
  no problem . 
  happy to help . 
  you 're only strengthening my argument here . 
  that depends on whether or not you accept the view that the foundation of all morality is the existence of mutually perceived social contracts . 
  legally they do n't have the right to live wherever they feel like it . 
  morally they are n't participants in the european social contract . 
  i assume by your activity level on reddit that you 're a corporate counsel . 
  in the interest of open democracy , i feel that the high level eu summit meetings on this topic should be made public . 
  i will give my left nut to the homeless to be a fly on that wall . 
  but these people deserve welfare and a house . 
  they deserve it . 
  and yet here we are . 
  in a a world where the french have an international reputation of being arrogant , so much so that anecdotes going against the grain are usually voiced in a tone of mild surprise . 
  and all this conveyed on a global internet forum in a language other than french . 
  so you do n't actually have relationships which are close enough ? 
  but that would only strengthen my argument that the french are vindictive assholes who feel the need to mercilessly take the piss out of those who try . 
  the only other thing it can be is that they know that you ca n't take the joke . 
  beyond that i 'm at a loss . 
  no one has ever said to you , `` tu causes bien la france '' ? 
  maybe you just do n't have close enough relationships . 
  in his book , talk to the snail ( which i highly recommend ) , stephen clarke points out that french very nearly became the world 's lingua franca except for the fact that they insist on mercilessly taking the piss out of anyone who attempts to speak their language . 
  as an englishman with french in-laws , i agree with him fully . 
  of course the reality is that we have n't been disengaged at all and its fitted all 28 national media narratives to have a single bogeyman . 
  i am increasingly confident that it will . 
  left wing media hysteria . 
  we 'll literally cease to exist , and the fabric of space time will see us drift into the ether , a pale shade of existence with no more reason to be . 
  it is a mystery known only to some science we have not yet devised with our superior european education system . 
  america is an anomaly . 
  yes it would . 
  the guardian told me so . 
  they 're also not averse to the occasional spank . 
  i used to believe that . 
  now i do n't . 
  we 're already running out of food to go around on a global level . 
  the amount of food we have in stores at any one time is reducing . 
  and britain is overcrowded . 
  by son is on waiting lists for primary schools in our area . 
  he 's not even 1 . 
  the schools did n't laugh and turn us away . 
  they just went ahead with it and gave us the paperwork , so normal is the practice . 
  a starter home in my town is nearing # 250,000 for two bedrooms and probably 60m ^ 2 total floorspace . 
  doctors appointments are almost always for days later . 
  getting one on the same day is only possible if you go sit and wait . 
  the infrastructure is creaking and the demand for basic necessities like four walls and a roof is driving prices to breathtaking levels . 
  a quarter of a million for a first time buyer . 
  that 's insane . 
  that 's * insane * . 
  there are too many people trying to live here . 
  that 's the simple reality . 
   where are you going to find wilderness in the uk ? 
  i 'll just go to germany . 
  apparently they do n't stop anybody . 
  fair enough, 
  would n't that just make them think that they 'll be accommodated without need to integrate ? 
  if the bacteria are used to living in the desert then the european winter will probably stave off a potential spread . 
  next spring , though ... 
  to say nothing of mafias etc. 
  using the current crisis as a screen for smuggling stuff through on the cheap/easy . 
  / r/notcirclejerk, 
  i do n't think merkel will weather this to be honest . 
  when the dust settles and we can all take a step back and examine how it all rolled out , her declaration about germany considering anyone who makes it to germany will be seen as a spark which lit a lot of fumes . 
  she promised too much to too many with too few facts . 
  if this is n't her undoing then i 'll give up and go live in the wilderness farming a patch of land for subsistence , and make a life for myself that at least makes sense . 
  i laughed too much at this, 
  the countries will just get fed up and shoo them on to the next country , and the amorphous collective of people will achieve their goal of continuing to move around . 
  maybe they 're trying to get to scotland . 
  that 's be a laugh . 
  taking yourself hostage is the smartest thing you can do if your opponents are stupid enough to listen to you . 
  oh man that 's exact ; y where they 're headed, 
  they 're the same thing . 
  schengen means borders do n't exist . 
  anywhere . 
  the eurocracy will continue until morale improves . 
   finally, 
  think of the deadmau5 concerts, 
  this whole crisis will be merkel 's legacy . 
  her gift to germany was a mass of unintegrated muslims . 
  we 've all got to wake up to the alarm and work for our bread , mate . 
  you ca n't just get a free pass and get all the perks of life by milking other people 's generosity because you 've had it a bit shit . 
  they can take what their given or get nothing . 
  maybe they 'll die of exposure when the winter hits . 
  i lolled, 
  what is this supposed to change ? 
  you do n't represent these people . 
  give a man a dole and he 'll believe it is his birthright . 
  teach a man how to get off that dole , and he 'll educate himself until he discovers the word ` socialism ' . 
  have you completely forgotten that news cycle ? 
  when the entire left wing drops teir candidate like a rock and supports the party boy of the capitalist pigs just to tell the british pm to shove it , i think at that point the eu loses all pretence of open democracy , and we enter the realm of circus sideshow democracy . 
  it was a powergrab by the european parliament and an abuse of the democratic process , not the championing of it . 
  right i see . 
   it does n't look bad actually but 2-3 days ago 18 year old boy killed in anti terror protests ( somebody opened fire with shotgun but killer is unknown . ), 
   does n't look bad can i ask what would look bad ?
