  in my opinion no . 
  the discrediting of the euro as a stable currency upon which people can depend will be irreversibly damaged when and only when greece actually leaves it . 
  it 's not singling him out unfairly if he 's the only one standing up for anti-austerity . 
  and theory is only so useful . 
  in the negotiation room you have to talk facts , and the facts get people hot blooded . 
  there 's no easy way to have these conversations unless someone capitulates . 
  i do n't think that there is a compromise . 
  the only way to make this work in a humane way is for germany to get over itself . 
  grinding greece into the mud is n't humane . 
  i think it 's fair to say that / r/europe is one of the most fiercely nationalistic subreddits out there , but it 's not really nationalistic because people are clinging to an ideal , but it 's not quite idealism . 
  it 's somewhere between idealism , nationalism and patriotism . 
  almost like patriotism to something which does n't exist yet , and may never . 
  that can only come about through propaganda , imo . 
  swearing fealty to a federal super state which does n't exist is bizarre yet / r/europe soldiers on and lays waste to those who ` fight it ' purely by living the status quo . 
  i say that because it 's the only thing that ties it all together . 
  on the one hand , you have / r/europe saying that david cameron and his commitment to austerity is grim , brutal , unnecessary and vindictive . 
  on the other hand , you have / r/europe saying that tsipras ' efforts to oppose austerity are grim brutal , unnecessary and vindictive . 
  so apparently austerity is n't what people have strong feelings about . 
  it all boils down to the media , really . 
  germany seem to think that greeks hate them and want money for free . 
  they think that greeks are the ones with everything to lose , completely oblivious to the fact that the euro and european project are about to be made fools of in the eyes of the world . 
  what unity is this , exactly ? 
  where 's the unity ? 
  we 're back to warring nation states , but the weapons are bank notes . 
  and yet people persist in believing that their cause is just and the enemy is a devil . 
  all while greece is about to made bankrupt and impoverished on the watch of the troika . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  so you go ahead and convince yourself that the other guys are the one 's with the persecution complex . 
  you look really clever . 
  edit : to clear up any potential confusion , i 'm saying that the only reason why young europeans of a single internet board who have maybe paid $ 5,000,000 in taxes ( and that 's being very generous ) between them give a shit about greece is because it threatens their idyllic promised land of a federal super state . 
  and the only reason they care about that is because the media tells them to . 
  simply being an erasmus alumni does n't mean anything . 
  i 'm an erasmus alumni and met my wife on my year abroad . 
  we now have a family . 
  does that mean i 'm all in on the idea of federalism , to the extent of refusing to capitulate to greece and end up watching poverty porn on the news every night for the next 15 years ? 
  like fun it does . 
  i have lots of friends . 
  i do n't want to move in with all of them and share the same life . 
  i have lots of love for european cultures and countries . 
  that does n't mean i want to share a government with them . 
  but yeah , this is all about the dream . 
  the irony is that refusal to find an agreement on the eurozone 's part is effectively self-flagellation , because the dream has never looked so self-serving or self-interested . 
  i did n't say anything about it only being the german youth . 
  i singled out germany because they are by far the loudest group in denouncing greece in terms of flair on this subreddit . 
  but i mean if you want to infer that i 'm blaming only germany then that 's cool , bro . 
  persecution complexes are hard to live with . 
  it 's ok . 
  i 'm here for you . 
  the eurozone have a lot to lose by greece leaving and winding up a failed state . 
  there are few of us left . 
  wit for days . 
  please teach us your secrets . 
  and the greek crisis is driving people back into their tribes . 
  i mean just look the way german young people are talking about greeks . 
  so much unity . 
  yeah he played the fiddle . 
  psychopaths are people who suck all of the resources out of the system for their own benefit . 
  i 'm pretty sure the only people cutting their noses off to spite their faces in all this are the germans . 
  a nation is about to be made destitute for a generation because german taxpayers say so . 
   '' ~ ~ montanta ~ ~ greece we want our money back . '', 
   - ~ ~ california ~ ~ germany brought to you by the european project ^ tm federalism now campaign . 
  that 's the thing . 
  varoufakis is actually brilliant , even if you do disagree with him . 
   the structure of greek tragedy is characterized by a set of conventions til this all can in absolutely no way qualify a greek tragedy . 
  i love how you claim to be the ones who have been slapped in the face . 
  suddenly the troika 's decision to crush a resilient left wing government looks like a decision to crush a resilient populous . 
  congratulations to belgium , holland and bulgaria on making it into the g7 . 
  why do you think they focus so much on money ? 
  this is such a horseshit olive leaf . 
  humiliate then for kicks and then be their champion ? 
  pathetic . 
  utterly pathetic . 
  interesting report but it does n't seem to compare things with what it was like before mass surveillance very much . 
  ` getting a name for yourself ' has always been a risk and has no doubt caused journalists to think about what they publish . 
  i 'm not convinced that mass surveillance has changed anything in that regard . 
  as for big data , this has always existed . 
  targeted advertisements are admittedly more precise , but it 's not like market managers were flying blind for 100 years . 
  the data is easier to pull together and connect , but that does n't mean the data was n't always out there to be gathers in some form or another . 
  big data is a good thing , and is the next big breakthrough for a lot of things . 
  it will allow pharma companies to better target needed drugs and get them to the right markets quickly . 
  it will allow researchers to draw connections that they could n't before . 
  it will lead to breakthroughs , and that 's needed because under current research methods academia is fast approaching a glass ceiling . 
  new tech means new methods means new insights means new results means new conclusions means progress . 
  freaking out about big data because a bunch of journalists pussy out like thousands before them and then have me the arrogance to call it novel is hysterical . 
  all mass surveillance does is increase the scale of what has gone before , and i think that 's a good thing . 
  you just suck the joy out of everything . 
  france . 
  * shudder *, 
  reduced risk of early death . 
  as are tragedy and drama . 
  good work for continuing the family tradition . 
  proud of you , son . 
  agree . 
  privacy is a lost cause . 
  it will end . 
  we have a generation of people who are growing up who do n't care about privacy . 
  they do n't care about how much of themselves they give away on the internet . 
  and if they do , then they are growing up knowing exactly where those boundaries exist and how to live with them ; what to say in front of the webcam , and what to keep in the shoebox under the bed and never talk about . 
  they do n't care about reading up on people 's thoughts and impressions . 
  in fact , they actively seek it out .
