  it 's about time they brought it back . 
  assange is literally the epitome of a man who wants to watch the world burn . 
  he 's just angry and twisted at this stage . 
  we 'd do one but it would be too close to the bone . 
  and nambia . 
  he drag nets the phrase ` farming subsidy ' is multiple languages . 
  i 'm excited . 
  you also prevented germany from unifying unless they gave in to your demands on the single currency and european union . 
  which was classy as fuck , mate . 
  all in all i feel that appearance could have gone much worse . 
  i 'm quite relieved with how it turned out . 
  yes but what you are talking about is not pragmatism . 
  it is lunacy . 
  `` pragmatism '' is often an excuse for he path of least resistance , as is the case with you . 
  go read a book about privacy and liberty . 
  if it does n't change your mind on the perils of thought policing then you are a lost cause . 
  why is this so hard for you to understand ? 
  if an institution , religious or secular , is found to be in breach of the law , then there are consequences of that , such as incarcerating or deporting the leaders and shutting down the institution . 
  if a ymca is found to be preaching hatred , you shut down that ymca . 
  if 11 ymcas are found to be preaching hatred , you shut down those 11 ymcas . 
  if they 're all found to be preaching hatred , you shut them all down . 
  you do n't take a scatter sample and say , `` we 're 95 % confident that , based on 25 mosques , the other 167 in the country are preaching hatred , '' and then shut them all down . 
  there 's no need . 
  if they 're all preaching hatred then fine . 
  shut them all down . 
  but do it lawfully within the laws which already exist , taking each mosque separately without abusing the power of the state . 
  that is the secular and sane way to deal with extremism , because it is punishing the perpetrator of the crime irrespective of who they are . 
  using the power of the state to put a blanket ban on all salafist mosques is n't an appropriate response in a democracy where the rule of law is precise and exercised with no respect for persons . 
  a blanket ban on a particular subset of the population - which is what this would be - is n't precise and it is in full respect of the persons involved i.e. 
  it punishes a particular belief , not any actions which may stem from of that belief . 
  if you want to say , ` they 're not a religion so they do n't get tax exemption status , ' or , ` we wo n't allow any more of these to be built , ' that is different because those are preventative . 
  but when it comes to shutting stuff down and exercising the law - which is reactionary - mechanisms already exist to carry that out in a secular and legal way . 
  there 's nothing `` antifa '' about that at all . 
  if a mosque is found to be a hotbed of hate speech then close it down using existing laws around hate speech . 
  the tools already exist . 
  if that takes a lot of resource then so be it . 
  however what this politician is hinting at is it 's own form of extremism . 
  no , it 's populism to tell people that an entire subset of the population are the cause of the problem . 
  it sued to be called scapegoating . 
  apparently people do n't care for that anymore . 
  blanket bans are mob rule . 
  the law is precise and methodical and prosecutes individual offenders . 
  even if it takes 70 years , germany . 
  i know this wo n't happen , but this kind of populism and pandering to populist sensibilities is a problem . 
  i worry about where this leads . 
  which religions are safe from the law ? 
  which individuals are free to express their conscious ? 
  which families are safe to stay together ? 
  rather than pander to this stuff , people should be educated . 
  this can only lead to an extreme state . 
  if you permit casual racism in politics it will only get worse . 
  give an uneducated electorate an inch of populism and they will take a mile . 
  someone worse will always come along and cash in on the vile atmosphere . 
  hey i found geert wilders ' reddit account . 
  maybe not, 
  having spoken to them at length , they basically have revealed themselves to be raging xenophobes . 
  but thanks for generalising . 
  really classy thing to do . 
  pretty much . 
  never been so apprehensive about family gatherings at christmas time . 
  exactly . 
  and that is the problem . 
  that 's not how bagsy works . 
  they are equally important . 
  again : take your false dichotomies and fuck off . 
  neither . 
  what 's most important is that society functions and that people can place confidence in a system of laws that respects their rights . 
  that way victims can know that they will be vindicated and perpetrators will know that they face punishment for foul play . 
  take your false dichotomies and fuck off . 
  justice is 100 % emotion . 
  it might be filtered through thought , but why have laws at all ? 
  we have justice systems as a means of managing our natural reflexes which are what you would call emotional responses . 
  as someone who has been a victim of crime , if someone had told me that my perpetrator did n't have to pay for their crimes and that i was a fool for thinking they did , i 'd have been sorely tempted to smack them in the mouth . 
  `` taking care of people psychologically '' includes getting closure for people so they can move beyond the frame of feeling like they have been wronged and so can see their state of being a victim as being completed and can therefore move past it . 
  if you want mercy and forgiveness for murderers and rapists go follow jesus , you hippy . 
  since forever . 
  the whole reason crime is abhorred and considered crime in the first place is because it is a violation of their rights . 
  that 's what injustice is . 
  he should invest in a dashboard camera as an insurance policy . 
  please !, 
  anywhere but iran !, 
  and presumably forgiveness and closure for the victim just spring full blown from the head of zeus ? 
  but you wo n't stop hanging out with that german girl . 
  we moved the international meridian from paris to london by screwing the french . 
  we 'll be damned if we give it up now . 
  it 's still not enough time in prison imo . 
  does n't surprise me . 
  the uk telco industry is a mess . 
  a total mess . 
  * face melter *, 
  the migrants pay for it in other ways than cash . 
  sad but true . 
  politics, 
  cool , a racist . 
  do n't leave us in suspense, 
  exactly . 
  this is a thin-end-of-the-wedge policy . 
  a lot of people itt are saying that it 's shortsighted , but she knows exactly what her long game is . 
  she 's pushing for segregation so that people eventually agree more and more with end-game solutions like mass deportation and stripping of citizenship for misdemeanours ( which will of course only be targeted at foreigners ) . 
  so her answer is to increase delinquency among minorities ?
