  and they 'll be far more competent and capable in debating their case . 
  how many 60 + mps are there ? 
  at 20 years old she knows what it 's like to stare at a bedroom ceiling and get ill with stress worrying about your kids school places , or fretting about your own mortality as you age ? 
  so people are going to spout that old etonians ca n't relate to struggling families , but the same consensus says a 20 year old can ? 
  lol . 
  anything to portray the tories as scum , eh ? 
  you 're trying to tell me that candidate was clearly the right person to represent the party at 20 years of age ? 
  sod off . 
  shy tories . 
  the polls got it wrong . 
  its a system built around the idea of community and devolved government . 
  a community chooses its candidate . 
  that candidate goes off to parliament to represent the community . 
  a political party can form a government . 
  if people lose they suck it up ; the other guy got more votes . 
  that 's democracy . 
  if you turn up to olympics and place fourth your work was for nothing . 
  does that make it an unfair competition ? 
  saying ` it 's undemocratic because i lost in a democratic ballot ' is so weak sauce . 
  obviously , as individualism takes hold and the notion of community fades , and as prime ministers become more presidential , there is a natural rejection of constituency focused voting systems in favour of a national focus . 
  but whinging about no democracy on the day that democracy has just had its day because you lost is just so fucking pathetic . 
  stop throwing your toys out of the pram because you lost . 
  i guess labours sweeping victories through the new labour years were legitimate and democratic but this is the shady result of an antiquated system ? 
  av would have given the tories a majority if fptp has gotten them this close . 
  with populism sweeping europe like a brushfire , no one with a degree of sanity is going to propose pr . 
  71 seats ( 15 % ) to ukip ? 
  no chance . 
  no chance . 
  it is , i think . 
  personally i think miliband will be a disaster for scotland . 
  if he freezes energy prices it will set off a domino affect which will impact refinery workers in scotland , where the uk processes most of its gas . 
  the energy bill freezes will impact profits and it wo n't go unnoticed by the workers of big energy companies . 
  the snp would probably have a big say in stopping him from freezing energy bills and that would be equally catastrophic given that they 've campaigned on a platform of saving britain from the cost of living crisis . 
  they need those energy bill freezes politically , even if the country does n't need them economically . 
  that aside , in terms of the state of the union , his best bet is to negotiate for a federation . 
  he might have smart enough wonks to convince him to do that . 
  but if he tries to save the union he 'll fail . 
  he does n't have the wit to best salmond in that battle . 
  personally ? 
  a very bad thing . 
  i think all would be weakened by breaking up the union . 
  what about it ? 
  if it happened we 'd vote to stay in . 
  no difference . 
  not convinced . 
  the snp victory is already the death knell of the union . 
  if labour jump into bed with them ( and miliband would be in bed with salmond , not sturgeon ) they 'll never hear the end of it , and be seen in history books as complicit in the break-up of the union . 
  it could wipe out labour indefinitely . 
  they 're already castrated with scotland going full snp . 
  any election reform by labour would be pr . 
  av wo n't help them . 
  av would just mean that ukip would no longer be splitting the tory vote and so it would effectively strengthen the tories . 
  with populism and right-wing politics on the lurch across europe in general , it 'll be a hard sell for pr . 
  after work . 
  one step ahead of the curve , bitches !, 
  although i will say that as a former second row on the school 's first xv and at 6 ' 5 '' ( 195cm ) , it is really hard to reach the target weight by bmi . 
  i 'm not obese by any means , but by bmi standards i am classed as overweight . 
  and will be forever , most likely . 
  it 's hard enough maintaining 15 stone ( 95kg ) , let alone getting comfortably below it when your chest is 42 '' ( 106cm ) when your at your ` skinniest ' . 
  i 'm a big guy , basically . 
  the snp victory today will cost us the union . 
  historians will look back on today as the point of no return for the united kingdom . 
  lib dem , hoping for a continuation of the status quo . 
  i do n't trust labour at all . 
  not that it matters . 
  i live in a tory safe seat . 
  gots be praised, 
  having spent considerable time on a maternity ward following the birth of my son ( they kept him and my wife in for a week ) , i can believe that . 
  * chewbacca noise *, 
  i see one of those beef salesmen got to you too . 
  * shakes fist * you 'd better run , steak !, 
  a fish called wanda, 
  only dank ones, 
  do n't worry . 
  i 'm sure juncker will help them out . 
  sort them out . 
  sort them . 
  we still do that ? 
  no fucking shit . 
  have you read guardian comments ? 
  the anglos and the saxons came from germany though . 
  `` you 're the best your wife has had '' `` phew . 
  i was worried '', 
   i should n't imagine too many anti-eu britons are going to be subscribed to / r/europe . 
  you new ? 
  tbh i thought he was talking about germans as well, 
  toplol m8, 
  and here i was believing that honesty was the best policy, 
  sepp blatter : up there with hitler, 
  i think he was talking about quiet sex so the noise does n't go through the walls . 
  with your partner , not your mother-in-law . 
  i told my parisian wife about this and she laughed and said , ` what a legend . ', 
  this is such unbelievable horseshit . 
  / r/europe shat bricks about the nsa and gchq , yet this has n't even reached 100 + karma when it 's revealed that germany has been spying on the commission ? 
  the blinkers are real . 
  are you saying one day purin will be serving me a big mac and i 'll relish every second of it , making sure to ask for ketchup when he thinks he 's finally done ? 
  so it 's owned by german public bodies which can be influenced heavily and directly by the german federal government ? 
  such a difference . 
  the guardian slamming a guy who tried to go against an agenda of austerity . 
  nothing makes sense .
