  what makes me angry is that he 's going to get away with it . 
  hip hip !, 
  hooray !, 
  why do n't they just put them in a museum where they belong ? 
  there 's something so morbid about private collectors owning his things . 
  `` and this is the pen with which he signed the order for the final solution . '', 
  gross . 
  hey !, 
  we do n't all think that . 
  because it could be the start of a wider , more devastating conflict . 
  if the eu started firing their tanks at russian tanks the consequences would be absolutely massive . 
  there 's no telling what putin would do . 
  i can see why a strong foreign culture might be an annoyance after prolonged exposure and no breaks . 
  that or ruislip 's . 
  it is for estonia . 
  i really did n't . 
  i really do n't have time to debate semantics with someone who takes such a flimsy stance . 
   going by that logic soldiers might as well shoot themselves in the head  i did not compared them to armed forces . 
  pick one and as for your moral relativity all war is terrorism schpeel : get a clue . 
  i think you have a very flawed view of demographics and resource use and limits . 
  and i 'm sure they 'll give them tickets north so they become someone else 's problem . 
  there 's a difference between a soldier on the bottom rung taking orders and a solder near the top making decisions that impact on the innocent . 
  and please do n't compare the ira to armed forces again . 
  the armed forces at least follow conventions and rules of war . 
  russian sleeper agent . 
  `` i 'm barack obama ; pleasure to meet you , '' is the trigger phrase . 
  i guess rivalry is the right word . 
  i just feel no need to tease the irish . 
  i see them as brothers who i respect . 
  the french , however ... 
  what rivalry ? 
  i honestly feel no rivalry with the irish . 
  except when rugby 's on . 
  words are cheap . 
  he made widows and orphans of people . 
  him being there was a step too far imho . 
  this one time , on the internet , somebody wanted mountain dew to be called hitler did nothing wrong . 
  i mean , what are these people ? 
  i will eat my hat if a war breaks out russia and nato . 
  they might have a case . 
  it 's a pretty protectionist decision . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be able to frame it to their advantage somehow . 
  that said it 's also highly cynical and they 're being dicks about all this general . 
  after all these years , we 're still having pissing contests with architecture . 
  i hope it never changes . 
  i agree with this . 
  but is it ok to spy on the citizens of other nations ? 
   every porn you ever watched nothing to hide ; porn is fine ( reddit , 2007 ) . 
   where you have been this does n't bother me . 
  even in the way that it ` should ' . 
  i honestly do n't care if they can track my movements . 
  my movements are public anyway , because they are in public . 
  all prism does in this regard is collate already public information . 
   your political motivation and what you are likely to vote so does reddit and a lot of other forums i 've been on over the years . 
  as do many friends after conversations through the years . 
   where you live not sure about other european union countries , but here we have something called the electoral register . 
   who your friends are again , people in the street can see me in bars and pubs with a regular crowd . 
  prism is just collating information . 
   where you work the government knows this already via the tax office . 
  so so far , nothing that prism can do is all that terrifying . 
  they could work that out about me before . 
   with something like this spying apparatus democracy becomes more or less impossible because everyone can be put under pressure by a rouge , lawless state agency the risk of that has always been present . 
  always . 
  until they start coercing me or rigging elections by altering ballots directly i 'm not convinced that democracy is impossible . 
  generally , i do n't think we 're anywhere near the stage of allowing coercive behaviour to pressure people to vote a certain way . 
  the only way they would ` pressure ' people is with a soft pressure , and thy do that already with targeted political campaigning . 
  but to say that democracy is impossible as a result is just naive . 
  `` iowa makes corn . 
  talk about ethanol tax cuts . '', 
  `` corruption !, 
  oppression !, 
  democracy is dead ! '', 
   while the whole spying thing is terrible devils advocate : when did spying become so awful ? 
  we 've all been doing it for years and years . 
  spying on your neighbours is n't a ` wartime only ' thing . 
  why has intelligence gathering suddenly become so bad ? 
  nb : i 'm interested in people 's views , but please do n't assume make a false equivalence in thinking that i automatically think that this stuff is all ok . 
  good job the greens are n't taken seriously in any country . 
  too soon . 
  based on the fact that a damning trade deal for britain would see it 's economy weaken until there 's very little left . 
  and europe would have the motivation to do it . 
  we 're strong now but if you think that strength does n't stem in large part from our membership in the eu then you 're daft . 
  it 's not , but i think if it left it would just start drifting into irrelevance . 
  the eu has benefits in making your voice heard on the global stage . 
  the debate is certainly on it 's head . 
  no one seems to realise that if we 're outside it would n't be fair to compare britain 's economy to france or germany 's . 
  it would be against france and germany 's . 
  we 'd have so little leverage at the negotiation table it would be laughable . 
  we have an advanced financial services sector . 
  ok . what else ? 
  do we make cars ? 
  do we make white goods ? 
  do we make exquisite food that everyone wants ? 
  what about house building ? 
  infrastructure expertise ? 
  we 've got fuck all . 
  we 'd get breadcrumbs and be told to take it or leave it . 
  and as for negotiating with the rest of the world , without being able to provide in-roads the the wider eu , people would n't be interested . 
  it would be an absolute disaster . 
  that 's the best use of the april fool 's theme so far .
