  next year we 're sending the arctic monkeys . 
  if russia win this i might explode from the butthurt on social media . 
  we 're beating france , lads !, 
  shamelss plug is shameless, 
  she was hot . 
  conchita, 
  is that owen jones ? 
  wow . 
  the xylophone can be cool . 
  who knew ? 
  it 's like stomp meets disney . 
  was that a merkel voodoo doll ? 
  this song is so pretentious . 
  and are n't these guys actually real artists with a record deal ? 
  that 's cheating . 
  is this the last song ? 
  already ? 
  `` 3 minutes we 'll never get back , but look at this way ; we 'll never have to hear it again . '', 
  oh graham . 
  teh feelz m8 , can u nt feelz tehm ? 
  put a \\ infront of the hashtag, 
  most of these songs would n't last 10 seconds against the buzzers and we get a whole night of it every year, 
  this is actually a decent song . 
  let 's get the propaganda going . 
  yeah , sweden . 
  holy shit it 's a kiss tribute !, 
  nice , germoney . 
  nice . 
  a cape and naked dancers . 
  is that colin farrell from daredevil ? 
  androgyny is in . 
  did you miss last year ? 
  stirling performance from cleopatra, 
  it was decent . 
  cold beer, 
  toplol, 
  the stargate !, 
  here 's hoping greece rend their garments half way through and ask for an extension on the loans . 
  let 's get political . 
  that was a nice piano . 
  what the fuck , man ? 
  continuing the annual tradition of not winning two years in a row . 
  great stuff . 
  ahhhhh i see . 
  cool . 
  australia is hands down the best song in the sense that it 's the only one i could actually imagine hearing on the radio , but they ca n't possibly fly everyone out to sydney next year . 
  think of the green credentials . 
  because words are hard . 
  how did cyrpus qualify ? 
  this is pitiful . 
  it 's like boyz2men but somehow worse . 
  my word . 
  it 's almost an achievement . 
  german humour : accidentally ironic, 
  we have a winner . 
  this has broken every camp-meter in the universe . 
  lithuania 's is quite fun but the kiss was a bit cheesy . 
  thanks , man . 
  i 'm glad that on tonight of all nights we can still lean across the monitors of the internet and hurt each other 's feelings . 
  i might be completely wrong , but i think we actually have something of a chance this year . 
  not bad , estonia . 
  what 's up with the no tinsel on your shoes ? 
  this song is so bah mitzvah, 
  you 're right . 
  they paid taxes . 
  i 'm still pissed about the needless sex scene in band of brothers . 
  it added nothing . 
  there are literally a thousand ways they could have conveyed the fact that soldiers fraternised with local girls without showing two pretty young people fucking like dogs . 
  because absolutely every tv show ever made needs a sex scene . 
  but the middle classes should n't be able to get ahead . 
  they should stay poor like the rest of us . 
  because reasons . 
  `` ok so that 's the wardrobe sorted . 
  hey let 's get this . 
  that 's cheap . 
  hey let 's get this . 
  that 's cheap too . 
  hey what about this ? 
  hey that 's a cool clock and it 's only # 12 . 
  that 's a good prive for a clock . 
  let 's get this for the bathroom . 
  wow all this stuff is so cheap . '', 
  `` ok sir that comes to # 557.83 . '', 
  '' ... ok so we do n't need that , this is superfluous , we do n't * really * need this either ... '', 
  who do we blame ? 
  have you never sucked dick for brie ? 
  i thought it was tradition . 
  when in paris ... 
  i got banned from my local bakery in paris on my erasmus year because i would buy three baguettes every night and give two to homeless guys on my walk back to my flat . 
  it attracts vagrants . 
  clearly you do n't think it 's your honesty that matters . 
  really . 
  harping on about economic indicators when there is stuff that needs doing and lots of people idling about is such a waste of time . 
  you 'd honestly rather just let them smoke weed at home all day and pay for the privilege ? 
  and if the guardian 's saying that the ft said it then it must be true !, 
  my brother just left db . 
  he actively sought to leave because he described it as `` a decrepit monument to pre-crash finance which has n't kept pace '' . 
  db is it 's own hiding to nothing . 
  no , we 're not close enough to each other to be close to the idea of a federation . 
  there is no proper application when trying to get into a new industry .
