  it was either this or remove labour rights . 
  that your accusation of me being a brigadier is desperation because you 've run out of credible arguments . 
  not really . 
  he 's an elected president . 
  they all need protecting . 
  but if you want to buy into hollywood hype that america is more important than their countries then you can do that i guess . 
  for goodness sake listen to yourself . 
  people move decisions along . 
  the public and the media provide the cover politicians need to do whatever they want . 
  sitting there demanding links is pathetic . 
  if you honestly ca n't see how public discourse impacts on decision making them you should n't be discussing politics . 
  throwing up straw men as if this is about what politicians are saying is idiotic . 
  are you 12 ? 
  no one 's talking about politicians saying it , they 're talking about people saying it . 
  making this all about the politicians is off piste . 
  grow up . 
  check out / r/europes, 
  it 's like a shotgun teen marriage . 
  gods be praised for the matchless gift of the english channel . 
  welcome to history , angela !, 
  there 's no link between this and the migrant crisis remember . 
  let 's not go insane . 
  we 've been had !, 
  that headline is so confusing . 
  `` why would they defend a woman and then beat up two old guys ? 
  were the old guys being creeps ? 
  but does that justify violence ? 
  i 'm so confused . '', 
  i agree completely . 
  the whole thing is a farce . 
  people can see right through the charade . 
  that is my point . 
  thing is , this is now going to overshadow all the other women who claimed they were groped and harassed . 
  neither side will care about the facts , with one very loud side saying , ` refugees are legit 100 % harmless . ', 
  pierre dukan has a lot to answer for . 
  just the thumbnail on alien blue had me dying . 
  well played . 
  what 's the famine ? 
  depends how much of a snap referendum it is . 
  dc might bottle it and call it within a month of his renegotiation so there 's no real campaign . 
  and he 'll be remembered as a pussy for it if he does it . 
  if eu countries stay unmoved on the refugee quotas germany will find a work around . 
  and the yugoslav refugees have nothing to do with this . 
  go moralise some place else . 
  are you one of those germans who wants to lead the eu as a victim ? 
  er , you 're the one generalising that they 're uninformed and will vote like sheep . 
  go offend yourself . 
  germany and france would n't let us near the negotiations . 
  they repeatedly positioned it as a eurozone problem for a reason . 
  it was their doing , not ours . 
  so people who are n't educated , basically ? 
  the poor and otherwise socio-economically deprived who watch imigants take their jerbs and take over the other side of town ? 
  you think the xenophobic are going to vote to stay in ? 
  the eurozone is n't our issue . 
  you are sorely , sorely mistaken on your assessment of the british public . 
  and quite patronising . 
  what they did to greece was a disgrace and history will judge them for it . 
  it 's also all the evidence one needs that this has never been about mutual prosperity . 
  i think people are mostly fed up of our lack of influence . 
  some of that is self inflicted ( or inflicted by our political parties ) but even labour are still involved in the bloc that they 're in and they are about as influential as cheap wine . 
  why stay ? 
  why pay into this ? 
  why deal with all the visible crap in exchange for invisible gains which you ca n't prove would disappear if we left ? 
  i 'm not advertising leaving as a good thing . 
  on the contrary . 
  it 'll be a disaster . 
  i 'm just calling it as i see it . 
  the resentment is real . 
  it 'll be too big to stop when it gets going . 
  this will be the decisive argument for a great deal of people . 
  my own parents - previously in massive favour of the eu and all that they 've seen it do for britain over the length of their lives - are planning on voting to leave , exactly because of what you 're highlighting . 
  as soon as the refugees get eu papers they can live here and there 's little we can do , except fail to integrate them . 
  people have been complaining about the failure of multiculturism for years . 
  they do n't want any more and it will just be that simple for some people . 
  it 'll snowball out of control and it 'll be a freakshow referendum where everyone already knows the outcome . 
  even when the eurocrats shit the bed and promise everything to keep us in it will simply fail . 
  we will vote to leave by a landslide . 
  all of the criticisms of the eu go unanswered . 
  claims of life on the outside are appealing ( we 'll still be in the eea free trade area and we 'll dodge ttip ) , plus freedom to form whatever trade deals we want with the likes of china . 
  all of the reasons for staying are either largely unsubstantiated or purely ideological . 
  in the same vein , all of the warnings for leaving are difficult to back up , or are their own form of fear-mongering . 
  as the debate wears on and the eu remains increasingly aloof to the frustrations and anger of people in britain , overpopulationg will be the chief concern , and therefore the winning argument . 
  at this point the only thing that will keep britain in is exemption from freedom of movement , and a strong response to shipping all the refugees home when the war in syria ends . 
  but a wet response and inflexibility to the biggest concern on almost everyone 's lips will be fatal . 
  the fire is spreading . 
  we 're on the way out . 
  david cameron called it wrong and this will be his legacy . 
  * disclaimer : i 'm in favour of staying ( just about ) . 
  i 'm completely convinced that if you closed down the internet 's echochambers people would take to the streets . 
  the internet gives people a pit to scream into and they get catharsis from it . 
  take that away and they would be forced to find catharsis in another form . 
  in the current climate that form would be riots . 
  lol that 'll happen . 
  you are asking that people not be exposed to a form of media because you 're scared it will have a negative effect on them because you assume they 're stupid . 
  you should be ashamed of your attempt to censor the news . 
  this is relevant journalism . 
  stop assuming people ca n't handling it . 
  extre me ideology is abated and stemmed by giving people a live they like living . 
  why do you think democracy typically centres around the centre ground when the economy is stable ? 
  you 're like one of those parents who stops their kid playing video games because you 're scared it 'll make them violent .
