  thank goodness for you . 
   but their neighbour should not need to jump extra hoops in their own home just because they are lazy and want the government to educate their children . 
  i disagree entirely . 
  we have a social responsibility to ensure the health and safety of all individuals . 
  i consider protecting children from hardcore pornography they are not mentally or emotionally prepared to handle as one of those social duties . 
  there is one problem , though : technophobic parents do n't know how to make a whitelist , so the best that exists is a blacklist they can sign up to . 
  the surveillance exists anyway . 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  but some people want to be on those lists and do n't know how to get on them . 
  people who do n't want to be on those lists know how to get off them . 
  where 's the conflict ? 
  some people are intimidated by the power of technology . 
  why should ' t society be accommodating for people who did n't do cs at university or grow up with the internet , and why should n't our laws build a society which is accommodating to all citizens ? 
  who cares if little jimmy ca n't stumble on to porn at 6 ? 
  if he wants it at 15 he 'll work out how to get it . 
  teenagers fapped to hardcore porn before the internet , you know . 
  literal oppression . 
  how can the possibly justify public measures to assist technophobic parents in preventing their 5 year old from stumbling on goatse while playing club penguin ? 
  time to vote with my feet and emmigrate . 
  and you would have a fair point were it not for the fact that this third deal is the total devastation of greece all in the name of a political game of power and domination . 
  had the deal started with the payment that greece had missed and people had worked towards a more lenient deal in the name of humanity then your little self-righteous shpeel would have merit , but as things stand germany - the leader of the vindictive pack - have shown their true colours . 
  the fire sale of greece in the name of german investors is cynical , selfish , arrogant and in no way representative of the dream that was the european project . 
  say what you like about britain pushing iceland ; we 've never once professed to want a more integrated europe beyond free markets . 
  we 're not the hypocrites here . 
  so are you saying that you were n't in any financial difficulty and so it was just fair cop ? 
  and are you also suggesting that we should have no sympathy for iceland seeing as though you seem to be showing no sympathy for greece ? 
  not really . 
  iceland did n't come to us looking for assistance . 
  you guys were doing fine . 
  you just ran off with all our money and did n't collapse . 
  greece came looking for help and germany crucified them for insubordination . 
  the balances of power in the equation are no where near the same at all . 
  germany are assholes . 
  what 's yours ? 
  open up the treaties , give everyone control of their boarders again , and stick in something about fiscal union . 
  everyone gets something they want . 
  or are germany going to keep on trying to have it all their own way ? 
  germany pushed for a total fire sale of greece . 
  who did they borrow the money from ? 
  the perfect time to bet both ways ... 
  a does n't even make sense , and your b does n't answer my b. 
  and if it does then the best i can do to make sense of it is to point out that before the crash all spending seemed sustainable , so greece did n't lie , they were just caught in the storm and could n't manage on their own . 
  i hope to everything that greece rejects the bailout terms . 
  at this stage , grexit would be the least painful option . 
  at least they 'd have their own national assets and could build from scratch . 
  the proposed fire sale is unbelievably arrogant on the part of team germany . 
  it 's almost as if angela merkel needs a real life case study as to why austerity is good for everyone , and why the political establishment should move a little further to the right by default as a result . 
  it would be very easy to relieve greece 's debt and prevent it happening in the future by highlighting the very plain and simple facts that a ) no one is whiter than white in this ; everyone knew goldman was cooking greece 's books and nothing was said , therefore everyone has a hand in the creation of this situation , and b ) greece was caught in a perfect storm over which it had very little control . 
  essentially , greece in the 2008-present period is a special case . 
  the third bailout does nothing but kick the can down the road again and leaves greece worse off than it was before . 
  and all for the purpose of ` proving a point ' that you do n't stand up to the demands of the troika . 
   real left-wing parties i 'm going to assume that you 're too young to remember real left-wing parties . 
  they are typically a crapshoot and completely disorganised . 
  there is a reason why the political establishment is right of centre , and that is because they can get things done . 
  it 's almost as if the only solution is debt relief ... 
  and that 's all that matters . 
  \\ #ephemeralpolitics, 
  i vote for europium and suckitamericanium, 
   we 're finally seeing it at the last election 25 % of all seats went to right-wing/eurosceptic parties , and we just watched the eviscerating of a left-wing party at the hands of the wider eu . 
  and you think this is the return of the left-wing parties ? 
  * ironically and unironically unfurls european flag and waves it triumphantly from the top of mont blanc *, 
   asset-stripping fire sale basically yes . 
  greece 's only shot at avoiding this is the danone law , but there 's no way it will be tolerated . 
  and then the two-speed europe will truly come into play . 
  exactly this . 
  germany was not in the slightest bit magnanimous . 
  privatising the electricity market serves no purpose other than to open the door for german and french big business . 
  even my 17 year old cousin on facebook has noticed that . 
  it 's so obvious . 
  are you drunk ? 
  europe is near enough dead , mate . 
  it lives and dies on public perception , and there are very few ways to perceive what has happened over the last few weeks . 
  the euro has been revealed to be a joke , germany looks nothing but selfish and self-serving , france looks well meaning but inept , everyone else looks like lazy freeriders or globally irrelevant beyond brussels politicking , and a lot of the skeptics in britain are thinking , ` why bother with this political shit show when we can just work out a free trade deal and worry about one trade agreement and save ourselves a shit ton of money ? ', 
  the european project has never looked more disgraced . 
  what dross . 
  they 've been tied over a barrel and humiliated by germany for having the gall to speak up for themselves . 
  they 're effectively a vassal state and have to have their economy ripped open for german private companies to rush in and set up shop . 
  i wonder how many greeks will be having their energy provided by e * on in a year 's time . 
  and i wonder how many german shareholders are going to benefit from that . 
  i am stupefied that anyone with a sane mind can consider the terms of this third bailout financial `` aid '' . 
  i suppose my student loans are financial `` aid '' as well ? 
  and my friend 's mortgage is `` aid '' ? 
  this is not fiscal integration . 
  that will be the main headline tomorrow . 
  it 's already running online . 
  the european project is in absolute tatters . 
  what 's the point at this stage ? 
  all the bad blood has been made increasingly public over the past few years . 
  if not the summit yesterday then what will be the moment that makes most europeans just switch off to the idea completely ? 
  yeah !, 
  just force them to privatise their energy industry so e * on and edf can swoop in and milk greece dry !, 
  what 's your point ? 
  that rich states do n't pay for poor states ? 
  i 'd take offence but i do n't care . 
   a sentiment possibly rooted in 400 years of ottoman occupation and exploitation holy shit are you for real ? 
  the difference is that greece joined a union on the basis that they would be supported in economic development as a result . 
  it is no secret that at budget time there are net losers and net winners as the wealth is spread about . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  but with germany , it 's like a bigger stronger country is using the weaker countries to get ahead and strengthen their own economic circumstances . 
  and that 's fine , but letting the weak burn on the heap in the process - while germany is borrowing money at rates so low that it can just park the borrowed money in the bank and make money in the form of interest as investors flee the weaker countries - is cynical and machiavellian .
