  because if a kid got blown away by a shotgun in london i 'm pretty sure the sky would fall . 
  too bad all the meps thought a short-term federalist political gain was more important thank actually picking the right man for the job . 
  `` once we have completely opened all sectors of the greek economy in exchange for more debt , only then will we allow them to leave . '', 
  nice . 
  nice . 
  also know as passport applicants . 
  the eu has lost all control . 
  so far it remains to be seen if the eu 's complex legal structures and bureaucracy has n't slowed down the response . 
  ( ` response ' . ), 
  if there are enough of them the traffic will stop . 
  cars are n't tanks . 
  well there 's no need for that . 
  do n't swallow it too slowly . 
  you 'll get a stiff neck . 
    your wikipedia link does n't support you , it supports the person you are arguing with . 
   which part does n't support me ? 
  why do n't you at least read the rest of the comment first before you start dissecting it like reddit is still in 2009 ? 
  the hero / r/europe deserves . 
  discrimination is when you treat people unfairly based on prejudice in spite of their rights . 
  these migrants have no right to live in europe, 
  would they be interested ? 
  and reducing tarrifs is great , but you 've still got transport costs to worry about , and the commonwealth is desperately spread out . 
  still , i would expect something like this to come about . 
  it would allow the uk to tap india , one of the key emerging markets , and i dare say canada and australia would n't say no . 
   viva hungary !, 
  nominative determinism strikes again, 
  i think it is more than likely that we will leave . 
  i think the crushing of greece has disgusted a lot of the left , and the migrant solution and complete lack of border control - anywhere , at all - has dissuaded a large number of the right . 
  i do n't think people are too cared about the business and free market position . 
  after all these crises , if the eu decided to be dicks about a trade deal with britain , it would be the * coup de grace * . 
  you have n't answered my question, 
  you have n't answered my question, 
  point me to it 's original listing please, 
  point me to it 's original listing please, 
  they did that already . 
  they forgot the airholes . 
  this is going to create such a spat . 
  i ca n't wait until someone comes up with an excel graph dripping in indignation, 
  let 's watch and see if they try . 
  who wants to captain those boats ? 
  we should just shove them in the massif centrale . 
  your last question is bang on the money , imo . 
  i think we might be witnessing the beginning of the end of schengen . 
  i also wonder if one of the reasons why border policy has been so weak over the past few weeks is because the current crop of upstart career politicians has never had to think about it . 
  it 's unreal is n't it ? 
  i 'm wondering how much longer the eurocrats can last . 
  even they must be beginning to understand that they have no control of this situation , and now that they 've sent out the invite they 've begun the unravelling of the eu . 
  they 've given up control of the borders completely . 
  it 's softly-softly community policing when law and order is what 's necessary . 
  dammit, 
  watch your backs , greenland . 
  german guy : `` if these people do n't want to stay in germany then who are we to say no ? '', 
  do n't worry . 
  we know . 
  europe wo n't collapse . 
  it 's gone too far . 
  can you imagine the euro disbanding and everyone going back to their currencies ? 
  it just would n't work . 
  i do think the uk should leave though . 
  i 'm pretty sure the logic is a humanitarian one but there are consequences which they do n't disagree with . 
  found the stormfront user . 
   it does n't matter if you 're the largest party it does n't matter if you 've got the strongest mandate from people . 
  labour get accused of it sometimes in the uk . 
  they spent 13 years importing poor people increasing their share of the vote . 
  but my sob story !, 
  hey , man . 
  leave him alone . 
  * hon hon hon hon !, 
   i would also like to make clear this should not turn into a witchhunt against / u/dclauzel too late, 
  in his defence i would disagree . 
  i think / u/dclauzel can be annoying as all hell with his translation stuff , but / r/europe is a target of the likes of stormfront and it does take a lot to moderate this place efficiently and well . 
  i think any mod who is active and trawls the / new queue is going to end up with high stats on bannings and delisted threads . 
  if anything he 's just doing all the work himself . 
  not really . 
  we do n't have time to learn 2,000 years of complex history in an unspecialised education , so we focus on the most relevant period of history , which for any generation will be the last century and the highlights from the one before it . 
  ask me about georgian england . 
  i do n't know shit about it . 
  i know we lost america but that 's about it . 
  the simply fact is that the uk is the one country in the eu that does n't need to be embarrassed about the second world war . 
  spain was having its franco episode . 
  france capitulated and collaborated , and the vichy regime was a moral disgrace . 
  russia have been scapegoated by western propaganda . 
  poland was a victim ( and i do n't mean that in a pejorative way ) . 
  benelux put up a fight but they never stood a chance . 
  and then there 's pretty much all of central europe . 
  take a bow . 
  we 're the only country that is n't ashamed of the second world war , because throughout the 20th century we occupied a stable , liberal political ground and our adoption of democracy at the turn of the 19th/20th centuries did n't go total balls-up . 
  so everyone else tries to paint us as deranged psychopaths because we can look at those 12 years without rending our garments and burning family heirlooms . 
  just face it , mate , germany is haunted by it 's past and feels the needs to make amends . 
  i was talking to a german guy in the finance team a while about about the euro situation , and i asked him why germany is taking on so much . 
  he said , i shit you not , ' i think we have to do as much as we can now because of what we did in the past . ', 
  so if you want to convince yourself that it 's something other than guilt then go ahead but you 've got probably about 3 % of the developed world who agrees with you . 
  enjoy . 
  it is but possibility is no substitute for probability . 
  we simply acknowledge the reality of the situation . 
  guilt is a powerful driver of actions . 
  there was an interesting little piece in the economist espresso this morning . 
  here 's the text . 
   #merkel 's moment : germany , generosity , glory  for 70 years germans have atoned for the past and yearned to be seen as good . 
  now the world is voting with its feet : 413,000 refugees have arrived in germany so far in 2015 , with 800,000 expected by the year-end , dwarfing other european countries ' hospitality .
