do n't forget the revolving backdoor into labour think tanks and mp offices to kickstart your career as a dime-a-dozen progressive with a tepid essay writing ability . 
  serious question : why are n't we talking with isis ? 
  at some point the west has held talked with the ira , plo , hamas , and the taliban ; all terrorist groups guilty of ( often mass ) murder . 
  why are isis anathema ? 
  everyone would get an office in london . 
  basically imagine all the people who work in open office areas in london . 
  ebola would kill all of those people . 
  harsh, 
  romney : the man who was right about everything in the debates, 
  i bet you 're fun at parties, 
  i do n't disagree, 
  we stretch our reach as far east as possible . 
  one day there will be only europe and the chinese federation on this super-continent . 
  we shall make the descendent of attila the hun pay . 
  i 'm not saying there 's nothing to like about it , i just think that it 's one of those laws that 's a sad indictment of what we have become , i.e. 
  we need the state to take care of us because we ca n't do it ourselves . 
  and the risk argument does n't really wash with me . 
  there are plenty of things we do n't legislate on because they are considered common sense . 
  do we legislate against running with scissors ? 
  just do n't expose yourself to the risk . 
  it is entirely preventable . 
  in a car there is risk in the very act of driving a car . 
  you might hit a tree . 
  someone might hit you . 
  you are in a box hurtling along at speeds the human body was not designed to go . 
  there 's no inherent risk when you 're in a relationship that incriminating , consensual nudes are going to appear on your partner 's phone , is there ? 
  ~ 15 % off all carbon emissions across the globe are a result of meat production . 
  those are un figures . 
  i will try and find the source but it was on a recent documentary called should i eat meat . 
  it was very interesting . 
  is that at all inconsistent with my remark that this law is protecting people from their own stupidity ? 
  yeah maybe so to some degree , but i really ca n't get on this 21st century bandwagon of ` do whatever feels right and you are completely vindicated if the consequences are entirely realistic but not 100 % what you planned ' . 
  for goodness ' sake , have some common sense . 
  if my own wife came at me with a camera when i 'm getting out of the shower i 'd tell her to put it away . 
  even if there 's no animosity between two people who trust each other creating content which can at any time fall into the wrong hands is so naive and foolish . 
  i doubt disagree that the hard science awards are good . 
  and i actually think the literature award is well researched thought out . 
  but the peace prize is a joke and the selection for the economics award is too prone to political biases for me to take it seriously . 
  i 'll let this one slide . 
  but next time ... 
  was it a good powerpoint presentation ? 
  if people honestly cared about co2 production we 'd all be vegetarian and probably use wind . 
  yeah but all it will take is another reactor to meltdown as a result of an earthquake and one day some other guy will be recounting online about something his nuclear scientist buddy told him about not building on fault lines . 
  it 's there , it 's just that public shaming of opposing views is too much of a british past-time for people to speak up . 
  while this is great for this guy i really ca n't take the nobel prize in anything seriously any more after they gave one to obama for winning an election . 
  it was idiotic then and it 's idiotic now . 
  no it just means that the telegraph feel like slamming the germans instead of the french today . 
  they 've overcome the hurdle for various reasons , not least of all because they are basically a two issue party which they have rolled into one ; if we leave the eu we get full control of our boarders again . 
  and the british press has spent years blaming the immigants ( i knew it was them !, 
  even when it was the bears i knew it was them ! ), 
  and now there is a party-voter relationship in the open in britain which is basically feeding itself on a combination of casual racism and ignorance . 
  if they do get any shred of power it will be due to a ` perfect storm ' affect . 
  there are no doubt some well read kippers out there but anyone who thinks we should slash foreign aid to give tax cuts to ourselves is generally an unpleasant person in my opinion . 
  it smacks of the most shocking level of selfishness and stupidity i have seen in british politics in a while . 
  not only do these people want to close our boarders to all but the plant 's elitely skilled and afluent , but they want to prevent those in harsher countries from developing themselves to give themselves better lives , or just generally get fed at a refugee camp after fleeing their homes . 
  i 'll stop there but that policy alone left me utterly stunned . 
  there are laws which protect the rights of people , there are laws which ensure that society keeps on ticking , and there are laws which save people from their own stupidity . 
  this is the latter . 
  rye lane in peckham and the entrance to brixton tube station are worse . 
  two of the few spots on earth where you can get drugs and guns on the cheap but also be told to repent of your sins . 
  interesting places . 
  that 's where we grow our food . 
  if we lost the fens we 'd starve . 
  it 's all fun and games until an inordinately large piece of land becomes inhospitable for millennia . 
  war guilt/fear . 
  socialism will make a come back imo , but at present there is no leader strong enough to make it happen . 
  and it never will . 
  let 's be honest here . 
  i 'd feel bad but i know the uk is n't alone in voting in populists . 
  i still feel sad though . 
  over a quarter . 
  holy shit . 
  while that 's cool , is n't it really open to fraud ? 
  are they actually using pixel art or are they blurring it for security reasons ? 
  at least i know the odds are going down . 
  there is no guarantee that wishful thinking will keep the odds at a steady figure . 
  you 're being needlessly pedantic . 
  perhaps , but when it comes down to it i would rather be mostly free and an old man with happy memories of a life that was worth living than be completely free and too dead to appreciate it . 
  yeah but if you change it back to derry then the song becomes derry air and that might upset the prudes . 
  i choose to err on the side of caution in matters of security . 
  i agree with this . 
  it would make a lot of sense for countries to have contingency plans in place to allow people to go home . 
  if you want to feel sympathy for these people , having no knowledge of how far down the rabbit hole they went before turning around , then ok . 
  i am not so forgiving , personally . 
  well yeah . 
  that 's what we 're talking about is n't it ? 
  comparing the flu to ebola in terms of how we would cope with it in this day and age is just dumb . 
  do n't say `` stuck '' . 
  it makes it sound like they are n't responsible for where they wound up . 
  cabbies in general are dicks . 
  in london they are dicks . 
  in paris i heard one say the most racist things i 've ever heard from a sober person . 
  the thing that gets me about arguments like this is how stupid they are . 
  uber has succeeded because it found a demand and matched it with the customer . 
  it 's not uber that is screwing rip-off cabbies , it is the people - i.e. 
  the cabbies ' customers - who are fighting back against a market which has long been tilted . 
  also ,  how do you tell someone that bet their livelihood buying a 200k $ license last year that it 's not worth the paper it 's printed on anymore ? 
  the same way you tell the proud new owner of a sony minidisc player that there 's this new thing called an ipod . 
  markets move on . 
  you ca n't stop economic advancement just because some guy backed the wrong horse .
