  that wo n't happen . 
  the third party in this is n't even ireland . 
  it 's the usa . 
  the us wo n't allow that level of interference with one of its largest companies . 
  there are plenty of levers the us can pull on to pressure the eu . 
  i guarantee the epp will put him forward as candidate at the next election . 
  he 'll be here for a while . 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  if the eu commission embargo ipads and iphones the eu will collapse from public backlash in a matter of weeks . 
  try it . 
  just for fun . 
  does that include the ios software that apple own but is installed on my phone ? 
  you keep telling yourself that . 
  i 'm not sure what that 's got to do with ireland being allowed to be a part of the eec . 
  what are you going to do if they do n't pay ? 
  it wo n't breach 1bn . 
  i 'll be surprised if it goes over 750m . 
  ideology and control . 
  wait , did you think the european project was about pragmatism ? 
  i expected more . 
  the eu will declare bankruptcy for them ? 
  what will that change ? 
  the eu is going to liquidate apple inc. ? 
  again , are you crazy ? 
  are you crazy ? 
   `` sir , your corporation makes record high profits and is accused of paying almost no taxes . '', 
   `` who the fuck are you ? '', 
   `` we are the european commission . 
  i a , their leader , jean-claude . 
  ( * hic * ) ''  `` do you have a tax office or any judicial authority to take away our liberties ? '', 
   `` no we are not a nation state . 
  we are unelected bureaucrats telling nation states what to do . 
  anyway . 
  we are here because ireland are pussies . '', 
   `` then i guess we have something in common . '', 
   `` will you pay ? '', 
   `` what will you do if we do n't ? '', 
   `` we will embargo iphones and macbooks . '', 
   `` hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ! '', 
  because it 's insane . 
  thanks , / u/imenglishnotbritish . 
  it 's good to know that your belief in using state controls for cultural protectionism is what drove you to vote against polish people settling down here . 
  the history of our island is no one coming here . 
  we should compare nutsacks to see who 's st george 's cross tattoo is better . 
  internet ltd better watch out . 
  and yet america is less hands on re : the internet than europe . 
  the eu 's agenda is about control . 
  of course . 
  this is / r/europe after all . 
  as long as we burn the right books everything will work out . 
  `` russia scary . 
  america backing away . 
  need new super power to protect us . 
  gib free stuff pls . '', 
  something like nato would be sensible , but we 'll end up with some ridiculous grand army that will be total overkill and cost the earth . 
  it 'll be soldiers with the eu flag on their arm walking up and down chatlet les halles etc. 
  britain and france are the only two military powers in europe . 
  we already have the lancaster house treaties to deepen our cooperation with france . 
  just think of the coups !, 
   why would n't the heads of state want a united army ? 
  most of them barely have one to begin with . 
  / thread, 
  they all went completely silent because of the eu referendum . 
  hence the sudden ` deluge ' of news breaking about it . 
  or just show them a better way without deriding them into a position where they feel that they are hated and must hate in return . 
  they should have their faces on display at all times . 
  particularly in places with cctv so the images can be processed by facial recognition software . 
  hiding your face from the state must be made illegal . 
  it 'll win by 52 % . 
  this will go down with the 1 million immigrants who have n't really integrated yet . 
  go nuts , germany . 
  are you suggesting we go to war ? 
  but it will make us safer . 
  now there will be no bombs blowing up from women who are wearing wet gunpowder under their burkinis . 
   because it shows your affiliation to a specific religion , which is not compatible with secularism my bullshitometer just exploded . 
  in what way is it incompatible with a religiously neutral government for individual citizens to have the freedom of expression to wear a cross necklace or a turban or a burka while they go about their lives as free citizens ? 
  forcing people to be religion-neutral is n't freedom . 
  it is coercion . 
  and if the state is going to set its hair on fire and be offended because some people want to wear * what the state is actively choosing to interpret as ** symbols of faith then they have the maturity of a 12 year old boy . 
  * edited, 
  you know , there 's an irony in the fact that the eu 's proportional representation system gave parliament seats to extreme political parties , and then told people to take the eu parliament seriously . 
  the likes of ukip and the fn would have probably been kept locked in the cupboard , but they were given air time and freedom to run rampant throughout the eu , and even gave them campaigning seasons . 
  the directly created the atmosphere which validated and fostered the spread of populism across europe . 
  britain has never paid attention to populist wing parties until nigel farage . 
  and nigel farage went from nut job kook to reputable politician because he used the eu against itself . 
  fptp is a crappy system for sure , and the eu has undoubtedly done a lot of good , but the eu 's pr has created the populism which increasing numbers of countries are falling for , and which are winning anyway as parties in power try their hardest to outflank them because they 're scared of losing the next election . 
  tragic . 
  but they chose to pay . 
  if i was apple i do n't think i 'd care until they started making significant noise . 
  and embargoing iphones and ipads would probably bring down the eu faster than germany leaving it . 
  apple know they do n't need to care . 
  only if he 's white . 
  in what way does the eu commission have the capacity to make your business in europe pure hell ? 
  `` i knew nothing . '', 
  ~ lionel `` harambe '' messi, 
  yeah but the usa is actually a nation state . 
  would you pay out to the un ? 
  just arrest their chief tax officer . 
  s/he is complicit in a fraud and it 's their department . 
  stick them under house arrest or something .
