  der spiegel : a bunch of nonsense http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-debt-crisis-how-goldman-sachs-helped-greece-to-mask-its-true-debt-a-676634.html, 
  they faked it with the help of goldman sachs . 
  and if you think foreign government officials would n't have been in bed with goldman sachs then you 're naive . 
  are you saying that eu auditors are incompetent ? 
  it was obvious to many at the time that greece was n't fit to join the euro . 
  they were included because of the political prestige of having the cradle of western civilisation included in the project . 
  greece . 
  greece is the proof ( not evidence ) that you are wrong . 
  the eu do n't have the interests of anyone at heart but the eu elite . 
  and the eu have lashed themselves to the mast of $ 100bn or something ridiculous . 
  i am having a successful career in procurement , and i can tell you that you have no idea what you 're talking about , theoretically or practically . 
  starting soft ( i.e. 
  reasonable ) is a sign of weakness and makes it easier for them to have their way with you . 
  as of the french do n't love that . 
  that 's what it is . 
  this is strategy imo . 
  marine le pen will form a new party built on euroscepticism , and try and drop the fn brand 's stigma . 
   may has scuttled the idea of a good deal for the sake of political capital , i do n't think she has  their starting negotiation position is so outlandish , that 's how you negotiate when the stakes are high, 
  my feelings on european federalisation . 
  they have to make an example of britain . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  the eu has a political agenda by definition . 
  the uk media have a political agenda by choice . 
  noted . 
  to warrrrrr !!, 
  i do n't think others will leave . 
  it 's going to knock us sideways and we 're a big player on the world stage , let alone europe . 
  wages gave been stagnant in the uk for years . 
  in real terms people are poorer now than the high times of the late 90s , early 2000s . 
  high immigration has been blamed for low wage growth . 
  i voted remain and wanted britain to be much more involved in europe , but i wanted to remain in something that does n't exist . 
  the reality is that we were the only country that seemed to treat the united states of europe with suspicion , and we were constantly chided as ` not real europeans ' because we did n't accept the idea that ` ever closer union ' could only mean one thing . 
  a lot of that is down to the media in all countries , but that 's history now . 
  david cameron 's vision of a closely linked but fluid network of countries was what the eu should be , but not enough people around europe got on board . 
  sovereignty does matter , and while it 's fine to call racist people racist , calling reasonable people ` small minded ' and laughing at them for believing that sovereignty is important is a terrible idea . 
  and yet that 's all the eu has done for years . 
  sovereignty does matter , and the eu commission is gobbling it all up , and the eu commission is unelected . 
  the several degrees of separation from the electorate that people cite to argue that it is do n't matter . 
  no one in britain voted for jean-claude juncker . 
  at all . 
  in any way . 
  and jean-claude juncker is a disgusting political leader , who spouts such phenomenal soundbites as , ` when things become difficult , you have to lie . ', 
  so when he starts coming up with ideas and directives that we disagree with , most british people think , ` yeah fuck that , mate . 
  who the fuck are you ? ', 
  can you really blame brexiters for voting to leave ? 
  a lot of them are just thick as pig shit , and some are deluded , but a lot of them are clever people who looked at things and thought , ` well if that 's the way it 's going to be , maybe we should leave . ', 
  the uk consistently lost the argument that the eu should n't try and become one country and all we ever got was opt outs and patronising smiles . 
  no wonder people thought , ` we 're just a credit card , let 's stop this . ', 
  the eu will be very good for france and germany which ironically are the two european countries who have previously had dreams of european conquest . 
  the rest will have to deal with whatever the french and german domestic political imperatives are . 
  this ironically explains brexit . 
  that 's a strategic resource . 
  greek energy infrastructure ? 
  lol, 
  why would they ? 
   and the solution is the same - do n't buy it it 's cool . 
  i 'll just starve my family . 
  `` daddy i 'm hungry . '', 
  `` we are voting with our wallets , son . 
  / r/latestagecapitalism will be proud of us . '', 
  bullet trains wen, 
  le pen will drop the fn and start a new party based euroscepticism . 
  her biggest problem is the fn brand . 
  `` la partie francaise '' or some other carefully manicured nationalist movement . 
  i 'm bitter because i wanted the same thing . 
  however i 'm a democrat and recognise that my country was never going to go along with european integration the n ^ th degree . 
  there is still scope for deep cooperation but at the moment people are trying to rip each other off with appeals to emotion because of political/democratic imperatives . 
  it 's a mess and both sides will be profoundly harmed by this . 
  i 'm pissed about this on a daily basis . 
  this is n't the future i wanted at all , not least because my children are half english and half french . 
  not for a decade at least . 
  so you agree with me . 
  france is n't a a club med . 
  there was n't the question of the euro in those days . 
  it was just trade standards . 
  lol of course it wo n't . 
  the eastern bloc will keep their peace because of russian aggression and club med got so devastated by the euro that they 're in no position to leave and adopt their old currencies . 
  france and germany have all the power and leverage they could imagine . 
  no , france and germany are going to stream roll everyone now that it 's just the big two . 
  netherlands might get a shout out for being obedient homeboys . 
  probably busy harmonising consumer rights , customs , security/trade/education / science collaboration . 
  eu area passports . 
  and in places like germany you can earn them within five years . 
  but now we have full border control against the ones to whom you give eu area passports which they can use to enter the uk with no ability to protest from us . 
  macron wo n't capitulate . 
  the eu outsourced it 's external border to poor countries who ca n't do the job . 
  i predict great success . 
  and now we have full border control ... , 
  he 's the new obama . 
  rich people love him because he 's going to privatise huge chunks of france 's assets . 
  i 'm sure the french and germans will take care of you . 
  not the same point of argument . 
  the greeks can access france and germany . 
  the point is that greece was forced to privatise it 's energy sector purely so that german and french companies could profit in time . 
  but on that point , france did a very good job of declaring danone a strategic resource to avoid it being purchased by non-french buyers . 
  how danone is a strategic resource but energy markets are n't is the exact kind of `` because it 's france '' bullshit that allows the eu to earn itself the moniker of self-serving a protectionist racket . 
  but it lets you hang out with your friends , so that 's cool i guess . 
  current uk inflation is a result of the currency devaluing . 
  it 's not because we adopted a new currency . 
   what you were expecting , to sell eastern europe stuff , having banks right and left but not having people moving into your country ?
