  except that magna carta was about devolving power from a central authority to individuals while the eu is the stalwart bastion of centralisation politics the world deserves , even if it 's not the one it needs right now . 
  to say nothing of the fact that magna carta was a political master stroke written by the greatest minds of a century , while the eu is a botched and rushed attempt to stay competitive out of fear of the rising brics , which demographers and economists have been predicting since the 80s . 
  and even then there is no inclusion of the fact that the current generation had no say in joining the eu . 
  finally there is no admittance in your argument that the eu originally started out as a strong economic unit , and has now turned into a muddled mess with mass migration towards north and west europe from the other areas . 
  the difference is that scotland just had a referendum and their insistence on more is reducing holyrood to a one-trick pony that has nothing in the negotiating room except the threat to leave . 
  in negotiation that is considered poor tactics and is indicative of having a weak position . 
  if britain vote to stay in and keep talking about more referenda after a first then your comparison would actually hold some water , but as it stands your claim of irony is simply indicative of an inability to gauge what 's really going on . 
  well done . 
  what 'll be weird is going from barosso saying , ` it wo n't be a straightforward process to have scotland join the eu if it leaves britain , ' to a full reversal and juncker saying , ` just sign here . 
  hurry up . 
  this is the best thing ever . ', 
  federal super state . 
  it 's only ever meant one thing . 
  it 's funny watching people go through this . 
  we 've recently had an independence referendum in scotland . 
  the comments and jokes are identical . 
   saying that immigration causes social tensions is not the same as saying the immigrants are bad people . 
  unless you 're british . 
  `` do n't worry , we 'll never give in to britain 's demands to discuss migration laws . '', 
  * agrees to take in more moroccan immigrants *, 
  if germany , the netherlands and france pull out of the world cup and form their own tournament , england may actually have a chance . 
  germany must be a magical place where people are ethical . 
  i might go and live there . 
   law prohibiting landlords from charging new tenants more than 10 % above local average what the hell kind of difference is that supposed to make ? 
  all we get is rain in the summer . 
  it 's raining today and last night we had gale force winds . 
  next thing you know pes will be better than fifa again . 
  if germany , the netherlands and france pull out of the world cup and form their own tournament , england may actually have a chance . 
  if only uefa would pull out of the world cup . 
  if we leave i reckon the house of cards will collapse . 
  it 'll start a chain of events which will be grim . 
  he 's signalling to the crowd that are pissed at britain than nothing will be given to the uk because they 're not going to leave anyway . 
  taxman has spoken . 
  it 's a welcome change of pace . 
  it 's going to be an interesting year . 
  the fuck they did . 
  do we need to pull up the proposals in the lisbon treaty and the total rejection evident in the ballot results ? 
  holy shit how does the uk get the heat it does for even talking about changing immigration control when this is the reality in denmark ? 
  how do we know uefa is n't corrupt ? 
  america is going to save world football . 
  we failed , europe . 
  a lot of the perks you enjoy are based on good faith . 
  if the eu wanted to change the terms of your trade with it you would n't last three hours in the negotiation room . 
  if the uk left the rest of the eu would cripple the city of london so hard that all the banks would leave . 
  and there would be nothing for westminster to do but race brussels to the bottom . 
  for all the shit that matters , there 's belgium . 
  for everything else , there 's mastercard . 
  these things are never enforced unless there is a party who tries to get something done . 
  typically these things fly under the radar unless there is a parent or someone else who makes a noise . 
  if it gets into the public domain and the public makes a ruckus then something usually happens too . 
  generally , though , people do n't care . 
  what about winning the euros next year ? 
  there are laws around sexual relationships too . 
  i 'm not too sure what they are , but it 's something like a 16 year old 's partner ca n't be older than 18 or 19 or something . 
  sexual consent is 16 years old , but they 're still a minor for another two years so they have to be protected from sexual predation . 
  i 'm unsure of the details . 
  someone can correct me . 
  my understanding is that 16 year olds can get married but only with express permission from a parent/guardian/both if both are alive . 
  that may have changed though . 
  eu representative democracy is the pinnacle of human rights . 
  british representative democracy is a farce and we need pr now . 
  `` plastering over cracks to suit two of the 28 national narratives in the eu . '', 
  the guardian hates the conservatives . 
  this is insinuating that britain is doomed , all thinly veiled as mudslinging to satisfy a vested interest . 
  that started in the late 1700s and has n't stopped . 
  norway says you 're wrong, 
  for sex , not marriage . 
  it was worth a big fat 0 . 
  like the shape . 
  of a hole . 
  i 'll see myself out . 
  lol best joke ever xd, 
  peace, 
  you hired avicii . 
  maybe germany and austria will join us . 
  so will the other contestants . 
  thank you , based avicii . 
  we 're beating france , lads !, 
  there are so many levels of irony to that joke . 
  sweden had this as soon as they got avicii to write the song . 
  gr8 nose job luv, 
  gr8 tits luv, 
  sounds like her bra size . 
  would n't you be crying if your victory meant being impaled on pitchforks ? 
  we did it , britain !, 
  at least she did n't show the world her tits . 
  it was a welcome change of pace . 
  like give her a bj, 
  reminded me of wing singing back in black . 
  that was the most tepid round of applause i 've ever heard . 
  holy shit . 
  lol bravo australia . 
  bravo . 
  it 's like a japanese guy folded her dress . 
  \\ #nobraday, 
  sad truth, 
  it was the best song of the three , but i 'm not keen on the visual of europe voting to give them an award for singing about world peace given current events . 
  come on , man . 
  this is bullshit . 
  of the top three , one was written by avicii and the other was performed by fully-fledged artists with a record deal .
