  in large part just to see what happens . 
  scottish independence failed because westminster threw everything at scotland in the last week . 
  short of unveiling plans for pan-european president-of-the-commission elections and domestic elections for the uk 's commissioner i ca n't see any change . 
  it 's snowballing out of control . 
  it 'll be a leave victory . 
  but i 'll be happy to be wrong . 
  i agree . 
  it 's centring on democracy . 
  the economic case for brexit has been thoroughly destroyed . 
  the immigration case is , in my opinion , on track to be trivialised by the end of next week . 
  it 'll all come down the democracy in the last week . 
  and there wo n't be enough time to unpick it . 
  i 've long said that it 'd snowball out of control , and i stand by that ( although i was a bit more hopeful a few weeks ago , that has now faded ) . 
  i kind of hope that scotland will bail on the uk . 
  it would be utterly amazing to watch the brexiters eat their own face-fried eggs . 
  that 's a really shit haiku . 
  you should hedge it somehow . 
   it was and should still be used as a powerful tool for negotiations . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's a form of exploitation and blackmail . 
   record demand you mean a ddos attack by those filthy leaving conspirators !, 
  by giving everyone more time to register to vote . 
  fight fire with fire : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dopr-6x9h7c, 
   germanophobia everything 's a phobia these days . 
  real phobias have been ruined . 
  i mean you could always google it yourself . 
  there have been plenty of articles in the media recently about this very issue . 
  # 350m is the gross contribution . 
  # 180m is the widely accepted net figure . 
  enjoy funding that # 180m/week hole in the eu budget . 
  `` obedience to the rule of law is getting in the way of british justice ! '', 
  thank you for answering !, 
  very good answer . 
  would you ever consider direct president-of-the-commission elections ? 
  thank you for doing this ama . 
  big fan . 
  hope the jobshare comes to bare . 
  the leave camp have repeatedly stated that the eu is not democratic . 
  while i am aware of the failings of the british system vis democracy ( lords , monarchy ) , the general theme coming out of this referendum campaign is an attitude among the public that we live under the brutal , oppressive tyranny of a freedom-hating , child-eating dictator called jean-claude juncker , however accurate or inaccurate this perception may be . 
  how would you remedy the ` democratic deficit ' in the eu ? 
  it 's like that harry enfield sketch . 
  icm have been calling quite a few out polls . 
  interesting . 
  that 's a really dumb semantic argument . 
  the eu is the centre of european civic life and trade . 
  simple as . 
  this stupid argument that keeps on coming up is akin to canada , mexico , venezuala , argentina , brazil , columbia et al all getting pissy that `` the usa is n't america , america is two continents that does nothing but exist , there 's a difference between the usa and america and north america and south america . '', 
  it 's an argument that adds no value . 
  stop using it . 
  yeah but that 's normal . 
  as soon as politicians get into power they get access to a lot more information . 
  campaign promises rarely work out . 
  cooler heads have prevailed . 
  for the last few decades our entire supply chain network has been intertwined with businesses across europe . 
  you really think that forcing the upgrading of any number of strategic business relationships across the continent from low risk to high risk is n't going to have an impact on the british economy when you 've added up all the little impacts to measure the collective impact ? 
  you really think that those trade relationships wo n't be reworked to the tune of protectionism and that is n't going to impact the wider economy and that of the eu ? 
  brexit is the closest thing there is to carving out the foundations of a national economy while the building is still in place . 
  the methodology has been certified as sound by charlie bean . 
  tariffs will hit a number of small businesses quite hard . 
  depends what you call scaremongering . 
  apparently it 's scaremongering to say , ` the economy will be adversely hit in the event of brexit , ' which is about as objective as you can get given that brexit would effectively rip out the foundations on which the uk economy has been structured for decades , but it 's not scaremongering to say , ` if we stay in the eu turkish people will abuse the nhs . ', 
   eurovision is about relatively shitty music and a hugely contrived competition were everyone pretends to care but really does n't are we about to have a disagreement ? 
  ` latter that day the usa were allowed to join the eurovision song contest . ', 
  i work in supply chain and even with savings as targets and budgeting as a priority you have to start with the most basic principle that suppliers have a right to be paid . 
  i guess that would explain that . 
  that 's different to the songs being political though . 
  singing about stalinist oppression of tartars is n't exactly apolitical . 
  i ca n't remember an entry that was unashamedly politically motivated . 
  can someone explain how that happened ? 
  australia were 300 points ahead . 
  even if ukraine had taken all 12 points from the 24 countries that could vote for her she would have had 288 and not been able to catch australia . 
  and then she won . 
  how is this not a fix ? 
  it was horrific . 
  just the opening verse . 
  they kill you / / you 're dead / / they tell you you 're not dead this is stupid . 
  her song was appallingly bad . 
  yes but the songs were n't political . 
  just the voting . 
  what 's with the / s ? 
  the cyprus call-in guy looks like he 's expecting mr bond . 
  justin timberlake just broke the veneer and reminded everyone that the eurovision is campy trash . 
  why d'you got ta do that , jt ? 
  did jt get this song from the cutting room floor of the thriller album ? 
  armenia has a special set of skills ... 
  they know they 're doing a good job . 
  good for them . 
  well played , lads . 
  flares and football . 
  bunch of chavs . 
  austria probably has ambitions to live in paris and be a pop star . 
  this song is her attempt to get the french to accept her . 
  happy birthday to that guy 's mother . 
  ukraine 2016 : the most political song to grace the apolitical eurovision song contest . 
  lithuania is decent . 
  you 've made the shortlist . 
  spain rocking it out with uncle tim 's boogie moves . 
  that 's the second iron man gauntlet of the night . 
  is this the next trend in jewellery ? 
  it was really good of messi to represent russia this year . 
  get out of ukraine !,
