  juncker says something offensive about the people over whom he wields tremendous power and influence but who never voted for him . 
  people start to wonder whether brexit was n't so batshit insane after all . 
  but we 're free to be oppressed by the centre right majority interested in only their wealth and getting their hands on mine, 
  i have a serious ethical problem with foie gras until it 's in my mouth . 
  this is going to be such a blow for the uk pharma industry . 
  leavers do n't even know . 
  again with the germans !, 
   which is bound to push us to left politically not really, 
  give it time, 
  \\ #trustthepeople, 
  water, 
  macedonia with the priorities . 
  yes . 
  i had left it out over night . 
  it had a gritty texture that was quite nice . 
  that 's called left-out cheddar . 
  cheddar and cranberries , cheddar and apricot , grilled cheddar and bread , cheddar in egg , cheddar in sandwich , picnic cheddar , cheddar strings , winter cheddar , moon ripened cheddar , wet cheddar , toe cheddar , cheddar with rind , ... 
  just wait until we 've finished brexit . 
  we 'll call everything cheddar and the eu can suck a dick . 
  so are you saying that no one before the 1800s was healthy ? 
   yeah ofc terrorists are totally normal human beings . 
  who would n't want to murder people for their god ? 
  totally normal human behavior if you ask me ... / s are you inadvertently suggesting that health ^ tm is the enjoyment of the 19th , 20th and 21st centuries only ? 
  what about socially ill ? 
  what does ill mean in this instance ? 
  clearly you have never been in a bar fight . 
  sane people do messed up shit when pushed . 
  just because a terrorist is ` far gone ' on the social spectrum does n't mean they 're autistic or something . 
  they 're not victims of biochemical imbalance . 
  lone wolves and mass shooters are terrorists tho, 
  watch it , mate . 
  people could themselves on that edge . 
  ` hitler has schizophrenia . 
  we should exonerate him of his atrocities posthumously . ', 
  why do you think anti-eu sentiment has been steadily growing over the last decade ? 
  it 's because people do n't get given basic facts and the eu is turned into the ultimate bogeyman . 
  a significant majority of the british electorate ( far more than 52 % ) are brainwashed . 
  just watch question time on a thursday night . 
  it 's horrifying to witness respectable looking people demand action to soulage their utter tripe . 
  a wrong plus a hypothetical , illusionary , fictitious wrong do n't make a right . 
  unless they kill a british mp . 
  there are many of us who are outraged by that . 
  you can get around that by just telling the press they ca n't do it , or use relationships to get them to choose to stop of their own free choice if that 's better , and then you have a public website where people who really want to go look for it can do so in the name of freedom of informations . 
  good insight anders . 
  well no because there was an actual explosion . 
  ` the shittier things get the less tax you make us pay !, 
  it 's win-win ! ', 
  surely it 's the principle though . 
  such oppression . 
  only an idiot ca n't see that westminster do n't have a negotiation strategy yet . 
  it will be triggered when the country is actually prepared . 
  there was never a manilla envelope . 
  we 're completely on the back foot . 
  it will pass in time . 
  you live in a fantasy world . 
  the super state will never happen . 
  go read up on the lancaster house treaties . 
  your precious army is already integrating with foreign powers . 
  tariffs make you less competitive by a very long way , because aside from jacking up the the total spend for what your selling , it also creates more work than is welcome for legal , procurement , tax , finance , etc. 
  there 's a lot more to importing stuff than just paying a fine to the government . 
  people would award services to other people . 
  i honestly do n't think a federal europe can work . 
  a confederation can easily work , but a full blown federation , imho , simply ca n't . 
  why would i want a sovereign who does n't speak my language or understand the nuances of my culture ? 
  why would a french person want that ? 
  why would a polish or a hungarian or a portuguese ? 
  i 'm in favour of cooperation and integration , but a full blown federation would n't stick , and as a result do more harm during it 's dissolution that any good it could achieve it the short time it would exist . 
  the people would throw it off . 
  they do n't care because they do n't understand it . 
  and rather than accept the crushing realisation that they done fucked up they 'd rather fire back with vitriol about how the unelected eu commission is oppressing them and nickin ' their fish . 
  were n't the militarists arrested by cops wielding pistols ? 
  nah fam , totally not a hoax . 
  that 's the difference imo . 
  if the russian olympic board was in on it then you ban the board i.e. 
  country and the innocent ( until proven guilty ) athletes compete under the olympic flag . 
  * \u266b and then a hero comes along ... \u266b * i would like to that the marvel cinematic universe for giving people the balls to do things like this . 
  anyone in the cemaat . 
  honestly , this could turn into a full blown civil war . 
  this is about the future of islam in a globalising world . 
  i think there probably will be a revolution at some point , the question is when . 
  we 're actually thinking of a short weekend away for our fifth wedding anniversary . 
  vienna just made the list . 
  previously cologne was out in front . 
  i 've lived in france , and been on to holiday in spain and italy . 
  never been to germany at all . 
  e : or anything further east . 
  le pen would give a good deal to discredit the eu . 
  `` anyone can do it '' etc. 
  not saying that this is all what i wanted , just making the point . 
  terminally ill is more than a little harsh , but they do have their problems , as does every country . 
  we know . 
   made-up term you 're the gift that keeps on giving . 
   just because `` demos '' , whatever it means if it even exists . 
  and with that phrase alone , you have demonstrated an appalling level of ignorance . 
  you judge an entire nation 's desire to remain a family on one guy 's flippant comment about one of the things scotland have to offer the international community ? 
  reddit in a nutshell . 
  so russia are nice on / r/europe today ? 
  lol the swiss have a national identity and share their sovereignty . 
  they are self determining . 
  federal system or not , it is still a single demos .
