  overthrow the powers that be ? 
  tear down london and institute a new age of what exactly ? 
  tribal organisations ? 
  a super state ? 
  a retcon back to 1993 ? 
  besides , people have too much to lose now . 
  i have just enough skin in the game to stay on the internet with my frustration and rant about it to like minded people . 
  i 'm not going to march against cuts or demonstrate at the g20 . 
  few people will . 
  and if they do the police will keep it under control . 
  they can afford to let me find out because ultimately they wo n't lose anything . 
  even if enough people get mad and vote out obama and cameron , then what ? 
  the republicans keep it up . 
  in the uk miliband would n't disband such a program . 
  those things are apolitical . 
  there 's nothing we can do as voters because parties just wait their turn to get back in and when that happens they 'll want information at their fingertips , so they 're prepared to let the opposition enjoy the same ability . 
  but they fear industry because they hold purse strings and they have enough resources to undermine a government program . 
  that 's why politicians cosy up to big companies . 
  you ensure the supply chain before you do all else . 
  there is no serious risk to the establishment of me and you finding out about this program . 
  there is plenty of risk when big businesses find out . 
  they throw a big ` we are still here ' party on 5th november . 
  for us it 's bonfire night , but for them it 's like the party in zion in matrix reloaded . 
  the speaker of the house gives the whole morpheus speech and everything . 
   just outed it was outed a really long time ago . 
  i 'm well aware , but i feel the need to bear the line of british opinion and go with the flow on this one . 
  we did n't pussy out or look after our own interests , we just do n't want to the be the world police . 
   you forgot to mention science , sweden , and half life 3 . 
  check his flair . 
  he got sweden covered . 
  and secularism * is * science , so check that one too . 
  looking closer at his post , he used the 43 vowels . 
  there are four letters in `` half '' and four in `` life '' , leaving a ' 3 ' left over . 
  holy shit . 
  ### half life 3 confirmed, 
  except they 're not . 
  granting asylum to people who 've already made it to sweden is hardly helping those stuck in the desert somewhere who actually need the aid . 
  and it 's not our problem . 
  to be fair , pop ups and third party software were rife with porn about 15 years ago . 
  but that was 15 years ago . 
  lulz, 
  ### yeah !, 
   according to its director it 's about the here and now . 
  `` the movie 's meant to be an allegory , '' says neill blomkamp . 
  his film 's message : the material inequality that pervades our world today is `` an outrage '' . 
  the feeling of inequality in the world will continue to be a major theme in the western world for decades . 
  the british ministry of defence certainly thinks so . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/33717/gst4_v9_feb10.pdf#page=20 which is fine when you 're young , but then you get old and your wealth grows and you find yourself on the receiving end of your own youth 's passion , by which time the tenets you adopted years ago will have come to fruition . 
  you will have received no wealth as a young man because the ideas were too young but you lose all your accrued wealth in middle and old age . 
  sigh . 
  fuck me for being born in the mid 80s . 
  what 's the mood among young spaniards ? 
  is there a feeling of resentment for other european countries like germany ? 
  a feeling of ` we were duped into all of this ' ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  there 's something about impure blood watering the crops of a field that just says , ` we 're going to win this football match , ' and , ` well done on winning gold . ', 
  punitive measures will pressure him to the negotiating table . 
  at the moment he 's laughing all over his face at what he probably perceives as a weakness of western democracy because the people are so war-averse that their elected officials wo n't go to war . 
  at the moment assad can do whatever he wants and he knows no-one will intervene . 
  call it what you want , but i call it apathy , and that apathy that the uk is showing is giving assad all the space he needs to carry on doing what he 's doing . 
  you think the british media bickering about the outcome of the parliamentary vote is going to make assad think , ` hmm , i should stop using chemical weapons ' ? 
  he wo n't care . 
  i doubt he 's intimidated by the un . 
  sometimes it 's not about winning outright . 
  sometimes blowing up weapons dumps and threatening to blow up more is enough to make people pliable enough to come to a negotiating table . 
  many people in britain have simply missed that point because they 're so scared of what happened in iraq . 
  they 're not even scared of repeating iraq . 
  they 're just scared of that part of their history . 
  very good . 
  very good . 
  that just sounds like an argument to make it sound like there are more homosexuals than there really are . 
  4-5 % seems quite high . 
  if the eu countries are n't spying on each other and the rest of the world then they deserve to sink without a trace . 
  there is no such thing as classified information . 
  this is the 21st century . 
  you assume that because i dislike greenwald thr means i 've got a hardon for cameron and murdoch ? 
  depends . 
  if there is substantial evidence that they posses official secret which they are not cleared to have then that 's a search warrant right there . 
  i 'd refer a transparent government as well , and if i feel i do n't have one i can vote them out . 
  but i do n't trust a paper to make decisions on what information should be secret and what should n't . 
  i would n't trust the mail , why should i trust the guardian ? 
  why should the press get carte blanche on crimes relating to official secrets ? 
  as an aside , i find it really interesting that lefties are actively choosing to put their trust in a privately owned media outlet which actively pushes an agenda instead of a government . 
  someone has to decide which information is deemed classified . 
  i do n't get why people would rather have a newspaper make that call instead of security experts who are advising the government . 
  newspapers try to make other institutions transparent , never themselves . 
  we should go straight to the top : the un . 
  for those too lazy , it is `` do n't be evil . '', 
  `` you must hate a frenchman like you hate the devil . '', 
  - ( i think ) horatio nelson, 
  it 's like you get the joke . 
   * apparently cadbury chocolate is classed as cheese by the eu because the milk content is too high . 
  some english people seem to take this as a cultural insult , spinning the prayer wheels of resentment toward the eu . 
  sounds like something you 'd read in the daily mail . 
  probably is n't true . 
  and while we 're on the topic of refusing to let groups of people forget past events of a few of their number , should we make sure everyone knows about what happened in tiananmen square because the chinese in general ` deserve ' that ? 
  no it 's not . 
  that 's a straw man . 
  you 're twisting the argument for no reason other than get a cheap jab in at the police . 
  they 'll pussy out and vote stay in .
