  `` there 's no link between migrant crisis and neo fascist attack on kids . '', 
  there are plenty of white british people who do n't do anything with their children . 
  we call them chavs . 
  there are thousands of them . 
  what i said has nothing to do with multiculturalism, 
  the country is filling up more and more with people who have no control of their lives . 
  you can spot the kids who come from broken homes on the first day of school . 
  wife 's a teacher . 
  same conversation every september . 
  nothing will change until people start taking more interest in their kids . 
  and sadly , i see fewer and fewer people caring about their kids as time goes by . 
  they 'd rather throw up their hands and say they ca n't get through to them , than do something about it like actually spend more time with them at weekends or during the week . 
  at the same time , i know good people who try as hard as they can , but still ca n't get through to their kids because they do n't understand how to connect with such a strange and technologically advanced culture ( which teenage culture is relative to their parents ' ) . 
  both realities exist , producing the same problem . 
  not only that , but you ca n't scroll a facebook feed these days without seeing some old-friend-now-teacher wailing on parents for being unengaged , and then some old-friend-now-parent wailing on teachers for doing a crap job and accusing them of bickering about pensions and holidays more than they bicker about how to better teach pupils . 
  both sides have a point , but the bitter communications of social media only exacerbate the problem rather than bring understanding and harmony . 
  this headline is symptomatic of a much deeper trauma in british society . 
  solidarity does not exist here , and when someone tries to do something about it ( like david cameron trying to measure happiness in his early years as a pm , and the big society initiative ) people tell the government to just shut up and collect the bins . 
  everyone is obsessed with their rights and calling patriotism a terrible curse on humanity , rather than building local communities in which they can take pride . 
  very often i feel that britain is a cautionary tale to the world of the perils of rampant , radical individualism . 
  maybe our culture would be different if we had separate words for * fiert\u00e9 * and * orgueil * . 
  instead , we have a pathological fear of any form of pride in one 's environment . 
  look at the paranoia that followed the london olympics . 
  `` are we allowed to feel this way ? '', 
  there are people in society who have good jobs . 
  they are in control of their lives . 
  they have parents who blazed the trail before them as an example and were very involved in raising their kids and disciplining them ( as in , structured their lives for them with household chores and work before play ) . 
  there are people in society who have poor jobs . 
  they have no control of their lives . 
  their parents failed to engage with them as children , they used to get to ` play out ' and play video games non-stop , never doing their homework . 
  a society is built upon the homes of it 's citizens . 
  homes in britain are often broken and a wreck . 
  the issue is hardly the education system . 
  there is a rot in our culture and it has existed for years , but those who try to call attention to it - traditionalists - have been decried as hysterical . 
  in reality , broken britain is a very real thing in the lives of too many of our citizens . 
  but you ca n't say that . 
  the english do n't care . 
  it 's the scots you have to watch out for . 
  if you call them english they will kill your offspring and call it proportionate response . 
  and they 'll be housed and granted asylum with our tax money . 
  awesome !, 
  `` i am prepared to do the prerequisite mental gymnastics to believe this because it will allow me to not be racist . '', 
  ~ progressives everywhere, 
  `` this is the best thing to happen to us despite the fact that our critics humouring us is the perfect way to make us look like twats !, 
  i can fap to this . '', 
  explain how an angry person with a bomb is disabled by taking away an ethereal status . 
  and it came to pass that mark godwin wept like a bitch . 
  i disagree with stripping citizenship from people . 
  if people do n't identify with a state they will attach themselves to anything going , including fabrications . 
  that 's exactly what daesh do when they call themselves islamic state . 
  i do n't disagree with the minister 's decision . 
  would it be good news for the countryside if we have open door immigration , demanding we expand our towns and cities further into said countryside with all the urban development ? 
  this is such a shit infographic . 
  opec is n't about screwing themselves , it 's about relying on their reserves while they drive the oil price down to make american shale oil unviable . 
  they know exactly what they 're doing . 
  funny how police states are ok when the left agree . 
  ok but your tenuous hypothetical does n't change reality . 
  yeah but we then extended the eu so that the external borders were maintained by poorer countries who could n't handle it . 
  how could this have happened to precious europa ? 
  stop being racist , white people !, 
  you 're ruining it for the rest of us !, 
  given that he has n't declared a state of emergency and held onto additional powers i 'm going to go with yes . 
  purely on the face of the evidence at hand , of course . 
  this is satire , right ? 
  welfare states pay out for nothing . 
   its strange for me , left wing party being banned ? 
  why would that be strange but ( as implied ) right wing parties being banned be normal ? 
  skyrim belongs to the nords, 
  you know what would really suck even more ? 
  if you could no longer go out on new years eve with your friends for fear of gang rape by people teasing the police that they have to be nice to the attackers because the chancellor invited them . 
  thank god we have moved on from this state of affairs and enacted polices so that sort of thing can not happen again . 
  ah yes . 
  white people looking after white people while brown people suffer . 
  i can see this going well . 
  the slave trade was at it 's peak in the 18th century and abolished in the very early 19th . 
  the comment makes sense . 
  bad week for french business . 
  the cac 40 has been slipping for a while . 
  this is n't going to help . 
  keep eating . 
  you think the french ministry of health would admit to signing off on testing medical canabis ? 
  that rules out hanging them by the penis . 
  sure let me just crack open the laptop and access police files of criminal proceedings . 
  relevant username , amirite ? 
  ayyy, 
  i was talking to a guy in / r/europes the other day who was basically excusing it . 
  1 or 2 % of people will be nutters , or something . 
  it 's not just politicians . 
  sadly the mentality pervades the entirety of the centre-left feely feelers of the feels . 
  whoa there, 
  you mean the irish ? 
  it 's greece all over again . 
  cool so people are justified disliking immigration in general , not the refugees . 
  peel them first for best results . 
  or thawing out the ice because you live in scotland . 
  ah the bbc . 
  considered communist by the right , a tool of the patriarchy by the left , and actually now on the decline due to spending cuts . 
  that is typically what happens with straw men , yes . 
  my knees gravitated to one another . 
  how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman ?
