  the world is changing . 
  i know the left like to hate russia , but they can hard ; y be painted as enemies of democracy in a level headed court room . 
  if it was anybody else i would agree . 
  as things stand i will await to see if it actually happens . 
  the us 's economic growth was due to public spending in the wake of the second world war and they 've steam-rolled the world ever since . 
  their first attempt at modern capitalism and banking depressed the economy for a generation . 
  before that life was pretty lame . 
  merkel wo n't back down and so people will be forced to make do with it . 
  people will work things out and make their lives work around the crap politicians throw up . 
  so from that perspective , a future historian may look back at merkel 's policy and see that it worked out . 
  but that does n't make her any less insane to do what she 's doing . 
  yeah gays just ca n't hold a candle to jews . 
  shout-out to france for providing le go\u00fbter . 
  back when men were ~ ~ men ~ ~ warped beyong recognition from all the stretched tapes . 
  it 's not a competition but we totally win . 
  who else is instantly recognisable the world over by just their job title and a standard prefix ? 
  the president ? 
  could be anyone . 
  the king ? 
  wait for charles . 
  the queen ? 
  you know it . 
  we all know it . 
  we win . 
  it 's not a competition , but we totally win . 
  he is probably my all time favourite living politician . 
  everyone burn fossil fuels so the level of the english channel rises . 
  thanks . 
  there goes the school system . 
  look at those eyes . 
  he has seen some shit . 
  500 million with the way things are going . 
  we can save them . 
  we can save all of them . 
  i really liked that line from man of steel . 
  which was fiction . 
   limited by a set amount no it wo n't, 
  just the polish ones . 
  am i supposed to give a shit ? 
  even if i had the numbers the likes of you would cry ` sexism ' . 
  look , i 'm not saying that rape is ok . 
  but look at the statistics . 
  the sex pests of this world are overwhelmingly men . 
  look at their profiles . 
  are they happily married and in control of their lives , or are they loners on the fringes of society ? 
  you want to go on about the amazing human brain ? 
  fine . 
  there 's a reason we decided that monogamy was good for human society at large : it gave all men a chance at reproduction , not just the lucky 30 % who were the strongest or otherwise most sexually appealing . 
  there is a risk implicit in uneven sex ratios . 
  go look up the demography of conflict , and you will find the same thing : civil unrest flourishes in areas with a surplus of young men . 
  all the evidence is there . 
  the fact that you 're going on with your straw man argument that i 'm claiming that all men are sexual deviants is pathetic . 
  what are you going on about ? 
  health ** ier **, 
   i 'm in favour of parenting licensing eugenics : literally hitler . 
  it 's just a simple acknowledgement of the fact that males are sexually built to spread their seed as far and wide as possible . 
  take a look at our fossil record for confirmation . 
  a sexually dimorphic species , the ancestor species of which evolved in polygynous harems . 
  but you keep your 21st century notions of sexism . 
  sure . 
  whatever . 
  it 's a veiled way of saying where men are more or less likely to be sexually deprived --  likelihood of sex crimes . 
  downvote me all you want . 
  acknowledging that sex deprived men are likely to be sex pests does n't mean i 'm condoning that behaviour . 
  bows to america on intelligence . 
  bows to germany on the economy . 
  society blowing itself apart via homegrown terrorism . 
  how crap . 
  this guy . 
  pharaoh has spoken . 
  sounds like something merkel would do . 
  do n't act like you have n't benefited from the fall of the ottoman empire . 
  you 've got to be a pretty callous asshole to not empathise with israel though . 
  oh wow it 's almost that time of year again is n't it, 
  britain has tried to say this for decades , but we have been decried as anti-european because ( on the whole ) we do n't believe that federalism is the de facto end result of the eu . 
  now the relationship is so fraught that we are likely going to vote to leave . 
  how is that fair ? 
  i heard the following ( paraphrased ) argument last night from a buddy i was talking to . 
  basically ,  the renegotiation has meant that the uk can opt out of even more stuff from the other eu countries . 
  the heavily touted ` exemption from ever closer union ' is the worst one , because now it 's not just a received wisdom that the uk is n't involved in the european project , but it 's a formalised undertanding now . 
  that costs us diplomatic capital . 
  we are now in a weaker position in the eu than we were before ( which was already weak ) . 
  now that we 're officially a third wheel to the continent , why stay ? 
  i do n't necessarily agree with everything that 's he 's said , but the central point is that cameron has weakened us , not strengthened us . 
  his renegotiation is a joke and the eu has had their way with him . 
  whether he realises that or not remains to be seen . 
  but cameron is an idiot . 
  i would not be surprised to see people vote to leave just to force his shameful resignation . 
  because he 's staring his legacy right in the face . 
  there will be cathedrals on mars . 
  because he made me rich on the tf2 economy . 
  i recently sold my inventory wholesale for # 150 . 
  thanks , varoufakis . 
  it should have been easy , but it turned out that germany ( and others , but mostly germany ) were more interested in crushing dissension than building a commonwealth of prosperous nations . 
  how are you supposed to appeal to that ? 
  one karma says he 'll be dead in three weeks . 
  any takers ? 
  that 's four, 
  it 's socioeconomic . 
  by flooding the eu labour market with cheap labour it can deflate wages in real terms over time and we can remain competitive against china , india and brazil .
