  why ? 
  because doing them sucks ( expensive , slow ) and in bigger block you have a better negotiation position . 
  when it comes to trade with eu , they 're in eea . 
  which is n't a great negotiation position . 
   the second most powerful military on the planet i do n't think the chinese have a horse in this race . 
  also there 's a huge country that has tons of votes on subjects that it really should n't be able to influence within anymore . 
  that was your pro-eu prime minister with lot of experience and understanding ? 
  jfc . 
  what ? 
  the sanctions have overwhelming popularity among finns and have nothing to do with yanks . 
  yes . 
  by far the biggest party of every summer . 
  people retreat to summer cottages to get shitfaced , swim , build bonfires , grill and sauna . 
  but almost no country wants to be in russia 's sphere of influence . 
  russia is n't some almighty superpower anymore . 
  could someone please explain me soros hate ? 
  yes . 
  this is real / r/funny material . 
  i think lidl is starting to play along even more . 
  the prices are ridiculously high . 
  fucking eggplant 2.89 $ / kg ... we need a new national retailer please , three is not enough to create a functioning competition . 
  i agree , it has n't worked . 
  option b. 
  lets not give out loan package this year and let greece default . 
  option c. where all greece loans magically disappear is not an option . 
  greece 's public sector is still absolutely huge , inefficent , taxation system not working etc. 
  it 's also the country which will require yet another loan package this year since they still have n't managed to balance the budget . 
  i do n't feel like paying off greece way of living forever so lets not stop the austerity . 
  we do n't use 1 or 2 cent coins and the prices are not rounded up . 
  so that 's a shitty assumption . 
  you could join today if you wanted to . 
  but you do n't . 
  miss helsinki is n't really a massive competition . 
  think of it more of a promotion . 
  these dying competitions need controversy to stay afloat and get publicity . 
  it worked . 
  hmm , next time they might need to choose someone with down syndrome . 
  or maybe a male . 
  jfc . 
  your politicians knew that accepting those bases was the death sentence of independent baltic countries in one form or another . 
  the other option was to get crushed by the military and the outcome would have been at best the same . 
  so options were : a. ), 
  drink poison b. ), 
  get shot in the head and drink poison . 
  so in a way , they `` chose '' to drink poison . 
   did n't their local governments ask to join ? 
  i do n't think it is as unbelievable as the other stuff i was taught . 
  their options were : a. ), 
  join b. ), 
  get invaded . 
  finland was the only one saying no to soviet demands and guess what happened ? 
  i agree . 
  it does n't maximize the overall benefit and should not be at least fully embraced by the state . 
  however it can probably still be used to some degree to help out capacity planning and to slightly increase profits . 
  it 's often more profitable to sell few expensive tickets late and leave seats empty . 
  well that 's well known thing that airlines have been using ages . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dynamic_pricing it makes perfect business-sense since it 's pretty much tries to maximize profits and math behind it is not too hard to understand . 
  is it something that public provider should embrace ? 
  imo not at least fully . 
  i get that you were joking but there are serious replies thinking this kind of behavior is ok . 
  icelandic seems easy . 
  english is de facto world language . 
  you can be dicks about it and be isolated or accept it . 
  expecting a swede/chinese to jump trough hoops to please you or some weird language agenda/dislike seems at best illogical , more like borderline insane . 
  no , compared to russia , the us is n't extremely corrupt . 
  wtf is your point ? 
  it says veggie four times in it . 
  if someone somehow manages to buy that accidentally , it 's not like they die . 
  the company has the right to use their logo however they want . 
   i will when you enlist , when is that happening ? 
  maybe get some friends so you do n't need to suck dick for internet points from european on the internet . 
  quoted just in case you decide to edit this . 
  or you could just not do the exact same mistakes made after the first world war and avoid another massive war in europe at least the next 70 year . 
  oh look , it worked !, 
   war reparation and future buffer seemed like a good motivation . 
  we did n't ask them to wage war on us , they did that all by themselves . 
  seems fair to repend for it when you lose it too . 
  aand this is how you get 4th reich . 
  yes , nations and their populace for some reason like their borders . 
  also displacing 2 million people could maybe cause some grudge . 
  what a horrible plan with no good motivation . 
  are you willing to sell them ? 
  oh and that germany with all that open space ... + a lot of other countries with worse densities have much faster speeds . 
  i 'll just make a website that tells that all gynecologist are liars and try to sterilize french population . 
  also 100 % of the women who had abortion will die . 
   woman will not die because she choose to continue pregnancy . 
  ummm , sometimes , 
  but there have been tons of scientific studies and gmos are n't really a new thing anymore . 
  also your examples of europe and the us simply are not true . 
  well they do believe in science , what a horrible cult . 
  yet it 's you who is suggesting something not based on any scientific studies but because what might happen in the future in somewhat horror scenarios that are very effective to scare people but not really based on anything . 
  it 's not far from the methods used by religious groups . 
   nope . 
  while afaik no gmo is proven toxic , every ge plant is different , even if you prove one is n't toxic in any way , it does n't say anything about other/future ge products . 
  is n't this true for every `` natural '' plant too ? 
  should we ban those too beforehand ? 
  i did n't remember the size of it but yes , i remembered that the uk is running trade deficit . 
  trade deficit is a problem but creating trade obstacles is worse , because while it can boost internal markets , it typically means more expensive and inferior products that are not competitive . 
  also typically these works both ways as well meaning that the access of british products to eu markets would become much harder as well . 
  not getting eu benefits should n't be a surprise if you leave eu :d one part of eu is that it 's one of the most complex trade deal ever made with contains a lot of integration of the markets which is depends on supranational rulings .
