  we could have devalued our own currency , true . 
  but devaluing currency is typically a shitty fix for underlaying problems . 
  it 's politically easier but the same effect can achieved by lowering wages . 
   it will always be good for some and bad for some , without mechanisms to balance these out . 
  no it does n't have to be . 
  also why does it have to be completely fair ? 
   well , the unexpected can happen you can expect some unexpected things to happen ( you just do n't know what they are ) and make general plans around the effects during good times . 
   finland is also suffering , and they can not devalue their currency to get competitive again . 
  finland is n't suffering because of euro and also we knew that the currency could n't be devaluated anymore . 
  however we did n't manage to plan our economic policies around the fact that the currency could n't be devalued . 
  why plan when everything is going well ? 
  in urban combat situations you probably end up holding the gun up for 30 mins during one hour of movement . 
  numbers are out of my ass . 
  not exactly shooting position but 0.5 secs away from it . 
  in situations where there 's a person that does n't respond to commands ( language or just really an enemy ) you might easily also have to hold the gun up for a very long time . 
  unidentified target , asking for more information/permissions etc. ? 
  there are probably other typical cases . 
   but generally speaking , anyone that can pass a western military pfa is n't going to have a lot of trouble steadying a traditional rifle . 
  how about steadying it for lets say 30 mins ? 
  or urban combat walking ( ? ), 
  with a gun raised some of the time for an hour ? 
  a lot of people have trouble with it then and lighter rifle would n't hurt anybody 's accuracy in these cases . 
  i do n't doubt that , i was n't talking about individual guns , more about technology or design philosophy itself . 
  maybe all bullups are horrible but in theory it offers some real advantages over the `` traditional '' rifles . 
  bullups are also much much easier to keep in shooting position because of the weight distribution which is a huge advantage . 
  the weight of the gun is closer to the body while shooting making it practically lighter . 
  edit : horrible finglish ( still but whatever ), 
  could happen due to rounding anyways even without a mistake . 
  oh yeah , we totally could afford that . 
  paying `` european '' wages would have a horrible consequences to local economy . 
   no genetic triats superior for any sport in general . 
  yeah , i want sources . 
  sounds like made up racist bs . 
   trust me on this , but no . 
  we still know that sweden was among the few to recognize the annexation and it is n't seen in light colours . 
  til , huh . 
  ok , i guess it went okay then . 
  but iceland still earns that square . 
  lets forget there was a soviet union in a neighbor and act in a moral la-la land from an ivory tower . 
  when i say finland here i mean finnish government . 
  in a vacuum annexation of a neighbor should have been recognized and bought up , constantly strained the diplomatic relations and actively supported independence by finland . 
  none of this happened . 
  ever . 
  finland acted like estonia was part of soviet union and did not exist . 
  the more stylish way of finland doing this would have been recognizing the fact the soviet annexation ( cos it did happen ) and then re-recognizing estonia as an independent nation . 
  but in practice we did . 
  we had no direct diplomatic relations with estonia . 
  also saying that estonia had been independent all that time is disingenuous from our part . 
  estonia declares independence -  recognize their independence in 1920 2 . 
  estonia loses their independence -  act like nothing happened 3 . 
  estonia regains it 's independence -  `` oh yeah , we never recognized the soviet occupation even though it surely was a thing and acted like it '' huge cop-out imo . 
  now i understand why finland acted way it did and it probably was a smart move but nothing to be proud of . 
  my comment was towards my own government . 
  estonia was a satellite state for a long time , recognizing their independence again would 've been the right move to do . 
  finland did n't recognize soviet occupation but it had no diplomatic relations directly with estonia during all that time . 
  that means that in practice independent estonia had not existed in finland 's point of view which was the reality . 
  i think that was a cop-out from our part because of finlandization . 
  pretty disgraceful imo . 
  lol, 
  i would n't call them actively chinese camps but in spoken language i might refer them as chinese camps when location is important . 
  getting fined for that seems ridiculous . 
  well if you want to visit them , it might be nice to know where they are . 
  i think this is a publicity stunt and will get a lot of innocent people in trouble . 
  granted , it 's only a fine but still stupid . 
  yeah , the thing is that when people say polish death camps they typically mean the geographical location of them . 
  hate is a strong word . 
  would you hate a turd ? 
  it 's not turd 's fault that it 's a turd . 
  the percentage of transactions in cash is much higher in germany than in sweden . 
  cash is much more used in germany than in sweden . 
  we lost anyways :(, 
   nato started to push for expansion . 
  countries willingly joined nato . 
  because of their past shitty behavior countries wanted to have protection against them . 
  russia attacks neighbors . 
  those countries were right . 
  russia is n't some awesome superpower that gets buffer zones and gets to do what it wants . 
  it 's like russia is the madman and every other nation just needs to understand it . 
  geopolitics is n't some magic word to justify shitty behavior . 
  wait 50-60 years for the old people to die off and recognizing becomes a non-issue . 
  aaah , germany what would we do without you ? 
   unfortunately our racist governments in here in europe are longing for race-war , making this shit possible . 
  wait , what ? 
   all blood is on their hands no  also our security services suck donkey balls at what they do , they rather chase people complaining about getting raped or beaten . 
  making shit up about priorities and then downplaying those that get raped or beaten . 
  wtf is this post about ? 
  i 'm not sure i even want to know . 
  well nazis did prefer neoclassicism and this one is good representative of that ( 1920 's neoclassicism ) . 
   the strategic importance of it yeah , that 's not really huge . 
  russia has several warm water ports in black sea . 
  it does n't really give some great new reach . 
  sevastopol naval base is mostly symbolic . 
  completely safe unless a group of people somehow figure out their sexuality . 
  * great *, 
  who do you think gets the better trade agreement , norway or eu as a whole block ? 
  what kind of magical trade agreements norway manages to pull off that makes the ability so valuable ? 
  just give an example . 
  norway is part of the efta block with iceland , switzerland and lichtenstein . 
  so they have grouped off with other non-eu countries in europe . 
  so no , they ( mostly ) do n't do their own trade agreements .
