if you lower your gdp , the percentage of all your spendings increase . 
  marvelous !, 
  what company made or is responsible for the it-system ? 
   geothermal , hydro these two are unlike wind and solar only because the production can be easily controlled . 
  when it 's not windy and sunny it 's easy to just use more hydro or geothermal . 
  if the goal is to get near 100 % with wind and solar , the costs skyrocket because the maximum output must be much higher than the actual consumption . 
  in worst case scenario , it 's almost always imported energy , which probably is n't wind and solar . 
  it 's extremely expensive to go close to 100 % renewable currently with wind and solar . 
  so i would expect the prices to actually go up . 
  there 's probably a investment bank or two that speculated other way around but no way in hell they are going to admit that . 
  great ideas imo . 
  maybe fake a scandal with all that media that he controls . 
  that would solidify his position and make him able to funnel more money and power for him and his close circle . 
  yeah , i was n't talking about the current situation but a possible future scenario . 
  outright dismissing the idea that erdogan could n't sway the population around by creating enough internal and external threats , some dirty tricks , even tighter grip of all major mass media seems optimistic . 
   he can not brainwash the people as putin does etc with enough control , yes he probably can . 
  notice that it does n't really matter what one-two million turks would think . 
  also getting people apathetic is just fine , they do n't need to actively support him or even to vote for him , as long as they do n't act against him in masses . 
  people that are not proficient , yes . 
  it 's not super hard and after awhile you do n't notice the subs at all . 
  is it possible that wallonia was used as an excuse to back off the deal ? 
  i mean if every governmental body of that size ( wallonia has a big population , but it 's still `` just '' part of a country ) needs to be pleased , nothing gets done . 
  wahlroos says a lot of shit . 
  he might get lucky once in a while but media loves him because he has very `` aggressive '' opinions . 
  however often those are not backed by any kind of facts and are more what wahlroos thought this month . 
  please ignore him , his position and success do not correlate with the validity of his opinions . 
  dunno , but hepatitis c spreads primarily by blood-to-blood contact . 
  wtf no . 
  this is my 5th birthday all over again ; _ ;, 
  from wikipedia :  in april 2014 , corbyn wrote an article for the morning star attributing the crisis in ukraine to nato . 
  he said the `` root of the crisis '' lay in `` the us drive to expand eastwards '' and described russia 's actions as `` not unprovoked '' . 
  [ 215 ] he has said it `` probably was '' a mistake to allow former warsaw pact countries to join nato . 
  [ 215 ] [ 216 ] so yeah , it 's a turd sandwich vs a giant douche again . 
  corbyn has shown his colors way before this . 
  his foreign policy is a disaster . 
  you mean someone that has publicly aligned themselves with a terrorist organization and have long criminal record is not let in whereas someone sentenced for abusing public funds is ? 
  i mean the logic is clear . 
  one is seen as a threat , another one is not . 
  you just do n't want to see it that way because you agree with bov\u00e9 which should n't be a factor . 
  if it was an empty immigration center than fictional anti-bov\u00e9 had destroyed , i do n't think you would disagree with this decision . 
  somehow destroying someone 's else property because it 's a multinational ( if you ignore local franchisee ) company should be fine . 
  or gmos . 
  just brake everything you do n't like . 
  i mean he got another served another sentence in 2003 after 2001 plus a lot of fines . 
  maybe they look at the total criminal record ? 
  also canada can change its custom policies . 
  from wikipedia :  on 23 april 2004 jose bov\u00e9 announced that he would join the people 's congress of kurdistan ( kongra-gel ) , a group which is on the european union 's and united states state department 's lists of terrorist groups . 
  i do n't think this helps either . 
  edit : also did he enter canada before 9/11 in 2001 ? 
  what 's the outrage here ? 
  he seems to have a long criminal record . 
  i think you 're overreacting a * bit * to the latest news . 
  maybe it 's just safety equipment ? 
  chainsaws are pretty dangerous . 
  he edited it , thx . 
  `` it 's just imperialistic us propaganda that is controlling poor portuguese ! '', 
  not very hard . 
  there are seeds of distrust already pre-planted . 
  disinterested voice could of course carry more weight , but a. ), 
  usa has the biggest , most mobile military in the world b. ), 
  it 's a permanent member un security council and again c. ) it actually has the means of getting information out of syria . 
  like if finland or portugal would present the allegation , it could be actually easier to dismiss since we do n't have means of getting info . 
  at the same time the punching power matters . 
  of course you could ask if europe as a whole should do more heavy lifting in international politics , but individual small country can not do that . 
  maybe if we organized somehow in to some sort of union of countries . 
  if any other country would use their voice or hold the same weight , it still would be imperialist plot against them . 
  these countries are protecting their own ( or governments/leaders ) interest by creating a narrative where they are the victim and the rest of the world is out to get them . 
  nothing personal . 
  to moonknightsg , one subject at a time . 
  waterboarding at guantanamo does n't make any other crimes less horrifying . 
   if finland or maybe portugal were demanding investigations of russian/syrian war crimes , the demand would carry more weight than it does coming from the us . 
  the us has the `` heaviest '' voice . 
  edit : also portuguese and finnish decision makers have no first hand or even second hand information about syria . 
   this is really , really pathetic . 
  you have supplemented your finnish identity for an artificial `` european '' identity and then get offended when people wish for the destruction of an organization that does nothing but undermine traditional identities within europe . 
  i do n't know why i expect anything different from people on this subreddit . 
  its nothing but a tribe of `` europhile '' kids and college students . 
  i 'm english , not european . 
  theres absolutely no such thing as a `` european . '', 
   lmao this whole sub got triggered hard . 
  rule britannia and a new copypasta was born . 
  edit : added edits . 
  oh yes , the pollution goes around and especially greenhouse gases are global but electricity is n't in the same sense . 
  it does n't even matter if there were connections capable of significant amounts of electricity ( very expensive ) very long distances which there are not . 
  marginally yes , in practice the coal burned in eastern europe does n't do shit for england . 
  it does n't matter at all . 
  physics cares a lot about electricity transfer distances . 
  that 's why everybody is mostly consuming power produced nearby . 
  it 's funnier that way and arguably more useful . 
  iirc italians are the most self-depreciating people in whole europe . 
  i do n't think it refers to medical usage . 
  there 's also a chance that the local thermostats are turned off completely and do n't actually do anything . 
  aah , whatsaboutism at its best . 
  `` what about this airliner shot down by americans 28 years ago ? '', 
  canada and finland are clear net winners from global warming ( * just * ignoring whatever happens in the rest of the world and how it effects us ) : /, 
  sa buys a shit-ton of weapons . 
  i doubt that iran could match their number even if they wanted to . 
  often companies that have names like that are older than laws protecting `` common names/words '' . 
  nobody ever just states facts unless it 's just a sheet . 
  shitty journalism and strong bias always seeps trough .
