  yeah , a few islands and a chunk of south america that france owns are n't in europe , but they have a low population . 
  almost all of france is european , geographically and culturally , plus population . 
  the same can not be said for turkey , geographically almost all of the country is in asia , culturally they are not european , and most of their population is n't in europe . 
  you ca n't seriously be using france 's few overseas territories as an argument conpared to turkey mostly not being in europe . 
  and so is someone who steals a candy bar, 
  97 percent of votes , and the voter turnout was around 85 % of people in crimea . 
  i do n't say anything about crimea eventually joining a few sentences in , point it out for me please ? 
  who the fuck says joining russia was going to happen anyway , and what kind of idiotic logic is that ? 
  `` oh well one day nato will dissolve , fuck it let 's disband it now and get it over with ! '', 
  secondly , the only other option was to go back to the 1992 amendment , which gave crimea much greater autonomy , and as they would have been basically a puppet of russia still , i 'm sure it would n't have been long for them to show support and want to join it since they had greater autonomy . 
  the people who did n't want to join russia did n't vote because they could n't , the only two options were literally `` yes '' and `` yes in a month or two '' , there was nothing the people who wanted to vote no could have done . 
  again , since you did n't answer , you think 97 percent of crimea voted yes ? 
  look beyond rt and you 'll find not everyone in the world loves russia , and not every russian living outside of it does either . 
  not much directly , but it will probably make less germans motivated to go and join isis , as now propaganda for them/support would be illegal . 
  fuck off already, 
  they actually do support a kurdish state in the middle east as long as they do n't have to give up land . 
  crimea is 60 % russian , not a huge majority . 
  i really doubt any of the ukrainians and especially tatars would vote yes at all . 
  so even if all russians voted yes , that 's 60 % at most . 
  i doubt every russian voted yes on that island , but even if they did the vote could still easily be called as bullshit , as apparently 97 % voted to join russia . 
  you really think that almost all of the tatars and ukrainians voted yes as well ? 
  also , there was n't even an option for a no on the vote , which i would say makes and referendum bullshit if the only option is yes . 
  what the fuck, 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  yes i know , i 'm just saying it 's still a very hard language , which it almost sounded like you were denying . 
  well polish would be very difficult to learn for someone who speaks a romance/germanic language compared to something like french . 
  alternatively go to / r/askacountry, 
  jesus how can she think that . 
  are her public approval ratings dropping or do people not care enough ? 
  that 's not true . 
  india and pakistan were seperated because of religion , not because the ussr had influence . 
  it was a british colony , why would the ussr have any say over how india was split ? 
  that 's pretty sad, 
  how is this relevant ? 
  another 80 rubles . 
  do you realize what you just said ? 
  how about russia stops defying international law and withdraws from ukraine ? 
  ukraine is being invaded by russia right now , of course this is a waste of life but ukraine needs to defend its territory . 
  it 's either more russians dead or more ukraine under russian control, 
  i love this novelty account, 
  and another 80 rubles for you !, 
  sure , the allies did plenty of war crimes , but they were the good guys just by sheer contrast . 
  if only he had the austria flair . 
  as someone else said above , the difference made will be equivalent to the annual electricity consumption of hungary . 
  yeah some of these comments are pretty fucked up . 
  i 'm not necessarily arguing for him , but america was founded by immigrants and has always been receiving many , whereas european counties if course have not . 
  `` liberate ukraine '' what ? 
  they 're not occupied by russia other than crimea . 
  even invading crimea would be idiotic , we do n't want a war with russia , no one does . 
  except the two were never allies . 
  i looked and could n't find anything , at this point it does n't matter anymore though . 
  i 'm not afraid , but the fact that you ca n't link me sources and tell me to do my own research really says something . 
  speaking english *, 
  * crickets *, 
  can you show us some of your sources then ? 
  as long as you 're not in the south you should be fine . 
  looks better than most of my food . 
  well i mean at least it 's better than hungary . 
   leswede420 try harder next time, 
  the hands one comes from belgium 's colony . 
  they would chop off the hands of women and children if their husband did n't collect enough rubber . 
  well from what it sounds like , you 're saying the genocide was fine because the armenians revolted and apparently attacked turks ? 
  this does not justify genocide , and nothing does . 
  i know your being ironic but it seems so ignorant to me when people say that . 
  considering the french military is one of the best trained , equipped , and largest in europe right now , and also france has the best military history in europe , but they choose to gloss over that fact and just rofl dae remember ww1 and 2 ????!, 
  it is to my understanding , i really hope i 'm not wrong . 
  probably his alt accounts . 
  wonder if he would need more proof is someone from the u.s. said they were secretly invading mexico . 
  sources ? 
  of course idiot . 
  remember usa = literally nazi germany because they both had a strong military . 
  remember you idiot , all 106 % of crimea wanted to join . 
  good thing we have putin to save us from the homosex nato barbarians . 
  ah yes , disregard all the facts he specifically just typed for your ignorant self . 
  i do n't want to sound like a dick but have you been paying attention to the news ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_israel-gaza_conflict there 's been around 2,000 deaths and 10,000 injuries in the west bank . 
  oops , i did n't get the israeli occupied syria part . 
  but `` there has n't been rocket strikes on west coast in nigh ten years . '', 
  i used the wrong word , what i meant is airstrikes . 
  i know it 's calmed down more but it still seems dangerous to me to go to the west bank , although i suppose it is the best way to show his kids firsthand . 
  syria under rebel occupation and the west bank with the rocket strikes does n't exactly sound like peacetime to me . 
  yeah the only real problem i have with this is how young they were . 
  yes all muslim refugees have come to europe to wage jihad on the natives . 
  jihad may somewhat be a `` core belief '' but not in the sense you 're thinking of . 
  there is greater an lesser jihad , with the lesser one aimed at protecting islam and being not that common . 
  greater jihad is the struggle daily between good and evil in a person . 
  this is something the majority of muslims believe in , so yes jihad may be a core belief but not in the way you think it is . 
  regardless being afraid all muslims have come here to commit jihad and kill infidel europeans is ridiculous . 
  yep i 'm sure all of them are calling for segregation and the lynching of europeans . 
  yeah did n't even notice the second one . 
  it 's called republic of macedonia in america pretty often at least . 
  just fyi it 's `` censor '' in english . 
  yes , and those countries all are not accepting refugees making that basically impossible . 
  edit : even if they did , you see the way they treat the imported indian labor ? 
  i know it would n't be the same but probably would n't be too great living there as a refugee . 
  maybe because the russian-ukranian conflict is much smaller than nearly all of syria being engulfed in a civil war ? 
  plus ukranians can move to the safe half of their country ( like the other person said ) , not exactly possible when isis owns half your country . 
  the somali civil war is still happening . 
  yeah and i bet the same people upvoting you have also commented on how america lacks in minimum wage/welfare . 
  america is a shit place if you 're poor .
