in europe being imprisoned is not a mainstream thing like in the usa , so i suspect no one really knows or cares . 
  but what is true is the fact that in europe everyone is equal before the law . 
  not like in the usa where any man who has sex with a drunk woman automatically commits rape . 
  or rape accusations - in the usa there does n't need to be any proof aside of the woman 's accusation . 
  people in some western countries use the word `` nation '' as a designation for a country , not for an ethnic group . 
  and the way of thinking is slowly creeping to the east , as countries shift from being nation states to multi-ethnic states . 
  yes , polish dubbing = pure evil . 
  i do n't understand how you can watch it , i would go nuts if i had to listen to it for several hours . 
  who is that ? 
  why ? 
  it makes killing them easier , and killing them is good . 
  it 's not bad to dehumanize one 's enemies when you 're going to kill them . 
  all illusions i 've ever had about russians having changed are gone , now they can rename sankt peterburg to leningrad , i do n't care , the whole world already knows they 're the same evil , subhuman criminals as before . 
  yeah , because it worked oh so well in south africa ... 
  yeah , but secular `` catholics . '', 
  people who nitpick from religion only the things they like . 
  fascinating given how catholic ireland formerly was . 
  the transformation from a religious to secular country happened faster than elsewhere in europe . 
  people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for the benefit of strangers . 
  no society works that way . 
  our society is working . 
  are you claiming we 're all `` greedy bastards '' when the number of people who think like you and would want to award people asylum purely for humanitarian reasons nears zero ? 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  are you really suggesting we should suffer and the only benefit for us should be the knowledge we helped the poor souls ? 
  no , thanks . 
  that 's a strawman argument . 
  overpopulation is not a problem , it 's the fact that they ca n't organize their socities , behave like animals , kill each other and then flee to europe because their home countries suck . 
  no sane society will create more problems than they have . 
  they will not dump radioactive waste in public spaces and then use up half of their annual budget to clean it up . 
  that 's not how problem solving works . 
   i guess solving social problems with social policies is beyond your grasp . 
  no , i guess it 's better not to create the problems in the first place . 
  i 'm against human rights because i think sxual deviants should n't be allowed to marry . 
  but what i think is not important . 
  it 's not a human right , because human rights are universal and gay marriage is just an idea created by a few western leftists . 
  vast majority of people in the world are against gay marriage . 
  `` in some form or other '' probably means they 're ethnic greeks . 
  muslims and blacks are the problem , and you 'd not want to live in a neighbourhood which is 90 % muslim because of high crime rates . 
  do you really want to live in a society full of burning cars , crime and islam ? 
  it 's not only about all the welfare money they get for free , it 's also many other , more dangerous things . 
  no , you 're disgusting because you want to allow them to enter the eu and live here . 
  that 's a very dangerous idea which would bring a lot of negative effects . 
  you are disgusting . 
  but gay marriage is not a human right . 
  it exists as a human right only in the twisted minds of leftists . 
  no , i do n't . 
  it 's almost cute how a left-wing extremist troll uses the word liberal as a red herring . 
  people who want to live and let live are classical liberals , a.k.a. 
  and they 're against the idea of government intervening into marriage and handing out marriage licenses , they instead want marriage to be a private contract . 
  which would sort of solve the problem - people would continue to marry where they want to and gays would also marry , but no one would take them seriously . 
  it 's easy , really . 
  we are being oppressed , but the usa is claiming we 're the oppressors only because of our skin color . 
  in their view , all heterosexual white males are equally guilty , without taking into account anything else . 
  marriage does n't evolve , it just takes forms . 
  nothing but an union between a man and a woman can be called a marriage . 
  why two ? 
  why not 3 , 4 or 10 ? 
  why not children , when it was common in the past ? 
  oh wait , you 're just a bigot . 
  marriage has always been defined as an union between a man and a woman . 
  nothing can change the fact , it 's a basic anthropological constant . 
  marriage exists only because it can create a family , without it it 's meaningless . 
  the only reason any living organism mates are babies . 
  there 's a very low likelihood anyone would be attracted to a life form that developed completely separatedly - sexual deviants are at least attracted to objects that exist in this world . 
  your rhetoric offends me more than it should , and so it offends all europeans who are n't under direct language influence of the usa . 
  you 've been brainwashed to think that the white race is a race of `` oppressors '' . 
  guess what , my nation has been oppressed for nearly its whole modern history , most recently by the usa , who are claiming our nation is oppressing everyone else because of our skin color . 
  your `` straight white man '' is the one who is being oppressed by your ilk . 
  this is so old ... i 've dismantled the concept of consent also a billion times . 
  it 's meaningless to claim `` two consenting adults '' is anything but a monstrous liberal fantasy , because marriages have historically been polygamic and there 's not way they would justify monogamy in their relativistic world view . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't understand your point . 
  are you saying only 5 % of pedophiles should be allowed to vote if marriage with children should be allowed ? 
  i do n't get it , they 're normal women . 
  if there was an extraterrestrial civilization , it 's likely we could n't ever mate , our reproduction systems would be incmpatible . 
  who says it must be two adults ? 
  it 's human rights , threfore one human is enough . 
  so i 'm asking , how does object marriage affect your life negatively ? 
  does it mean you 're in favor of it ? 
  yeah sure , i 'd like to see you approve a marriage with a super-intelligent chimp . 
  zoophiles are also a minority . 
  is it a discrimination that they 're not allowed to marry the animals they love ? 
  countries certainly have n't lost the ability to have an independent monetary policy , of course they 're dependent on the markets , but that 's a neccessity . 
   a single currency , among other things , increases the intensity of trade ( due to reduced costs associated with hedging against exchange rate risk and lower transaction costs ) and protects against attacks from a currency from speculators . 
  these little benefits ca n't counterweight the disadvantages . 
   i do n't think you have a good enough understanding of monetary policy and currency unions to be giving the sorts of absolute statements as in your final two sentences . 
  i 'm just expressing my observations , i 've not yet heard a single economic expert who would speak out in favor of it . 
  not after the disaster with greece and the risks in southern europe . 
  democracy is rule of the majority in the strict sense , where they could do whatever they want . 
  all western countries are now liberal democracies , meaning there are some limits to ensure that no one 's freedom will be limited . 
  however , every country has the right to set those limits according to their own attitudes . 
  it 's true that traditional left-wingers and communists are against gay marriage , but that 's true only in former socialist countries . 
  all left-wing parties in western europe have already morphed into new left-style parties , which are in support of gay marriage , lgbt , support immigration etc. 
  even in the czech republic our socialists are starting to morph and there 's a new neo-marxist wing of the communists , with the communist youth already being overwhelmingly neo-marxist . 
  there are a plenty of well-founded arguments against the euro , but i have yet to hear a single meaningful argument in favor of the euro . 
  for example , the thing with increase of prices is a well documented fact that happened everywhere . 
  but that is n't the main problem . 
  from macroeconomic point of view we 'll not be able to regulate our economy through currency , which means no increase and decrease of interest rates , no devalution of currency during a crisis like that in greece . 
  and when there 's no devaluation , people from other countries have no incentive to spand money there , because it 's still expensive as hell , only everything is shitty . 
  greece even was n't allowed to go bankrupt and other eu countries were forced to sponsor it , all because of euro . 
  a common currency can never work in a place with wide economic disparities and little movement of the workforce .
