  disclaimer . 
  i am a brit , but i know the industry fairly well . 
  i honestly believe passporting is not the arbiter on where banks will reside , there are other key aspects which will be mitigating risk factors for moving to the eu , and which would likley negate any gains made from passporting . 
  also banks are so diverse in portfolios , that passporting only benefits a subset of their products . 
  any banks considering relocation , due to loss of passporting , need to also consider that the eu transaction tax ( which the uk has always kept at bay ) . 
  that could wipe out far more then any perceived savings of passporting . 
  there is no way that the behemoth of a structure that is the eu , will out maneuver the city of london corporation ' or uk gov , who can act with much more agility when working out deals with the banks . 
  the eu are currently back dating tax claims against major players , this is bound to put the jitters on any corp considering moving out there . 
  unfortunately that will just result in companies moving business to the uk . 
   and the other half of the britons now want to move on to reclaiming ireland , india . 
  and possibly the 13 colonies as well . 
  it was going so well up to that point . 
  i have literally never met anyone in my life who wanted to reclaim ireland or india etc. 
  there might be some crazy 99 year old sitting in nursing home somewhere , but no one wants to go back to being an empire aboard . 
  they certainly do have a level of naive nostalgia about the old days , but that is misdirected at europe , which has been lumped in with ` globalisation ' . 
  i agree , in time , news will surpass and the media will be on other matters . 
  i also believe eventually europe will accept us moving on , and i hope the best for both sides of the sea . 
  a strong uk is good for business in europe , and a strong europe , is good for business in the uk . 
  i also believe it was inevitable the uk had to leave . 
  not for some notion of days of past ideal , but from our presence in the eu being to detrimental to the eu . 
  it 's clear as day , the uk will never take on the euro now , and the euro will never work until there is a fiscal union throughout the eu . 
  my fragile prediction on what will happen : the uk exits , thereby allowing the eu to make progress towards being a federated superstate ( and i do n't say that in a ` new world order ' / alex jones type way ) . 
  this allows them to have a common defence platform ( as we see now ) , and complete fiscal union to go along with freedom of movement and a unified currency . 
  apart from i am not ` ukip people ' , just someone who calls out dodgy journalism ( in either right / left , pro / independent ) . 
  agree very much . 
  i personally would like to see this stamped out . 
  i think its fair enough someone bringing over their immediate family ( partner and children ) , but grandmas , uncles & aunties , and cousins through arranged marriages etc , needs to stop . 
  this was posted yesterday , and the top comment highlighted how she said this after being negative around russia for around 8-9 minutes of conversation . 
  in most respects germany is a far better country than england . 
  so this is a good development . 
  music not being one , but then again the poles are not really known for classic albums too . 
  who will need to either be a student or fulfil one of the skill tiers to gain entry ( doctors , engineers ) . 
  and i am saying the eu they agreed to join has substantially changed since then , and its become more clear overtime that the eu wants to form a federated superstate . 
  if that is what the eu wishes , then honestly , that 's fine . 
  i honestly believe for a single currency to work , this has to happen , and the uk has been getting in the way there , so its better for europe if we are out , and better for the uk to do the needful and get things underway , so we can start to function outside of what the eu plans to be . 
  i really do hope it works out well for both . 
  for the uk to be next to a stable , strong economy is good for us , as is a strong & stable uk economy good for europe . 
  rufugess are welcome ( apart from in the street where vanessa redgraves # 2 million greenwich town house sits ) . 
  it 's been inevitable that we would leave at some juncture when ( in hindsight ) we wisely decided to not join the single currency . 
  the euro can only work well if the eurozone becomes a single integrated superstate , and the uk 's presence within the eu has become the most biggest obstacle to deeper european integration . 
  the eu can now proceed to do that ( they are already making a big move with the eu army ) , and what happens to the uk , is really speculation at this point . 
  so are you insinuating the eu of 1973 ( 43 years ago was when the uk joined ) is anything like the eu of today ? 
  ouch , people are downvoting you , like it makes it less of a fact . 
  that 's quite a breed of collie there . 
  most of the working dogs look a bit more like this , the [ welsh border collie ] ( http://www.imagepuppy.com/shared/f3aa15af2995af5fac29ea00c1e3c7a3.jpg ), 
  surely must be brexits fault . 
  we will , and then you can really let the guys in brussels go to town with the project and the ` ever closer union ' . 
  i hope it works out well for you , and i mean that honestly . 
  i prefer to rise above the hate i see directed at my country , for simply deciding they no longer wanted to be involved in something they never agreed to in the first place . 
  are you actually saying that geo-political military alliances are just the same as some people having a party ? 
  we are currently still paying the club membership , so we are in and we can vote when stop paying and leave the club , then we are not , and we ca n't simples . 
  deal with it . 
  no offence taken , as its something i have thought about too . 
  i really do n't know why we ended up with this drinking / fighting culture , but its kind of shameful , especially when its seen how we behave in other countries . 
  the good news , is that it seems this is on the decrease . . 
  the new generation ( generation z , those born after the year 2000 ) , appear to partaking less in this sort of behaviour , and increasing shunning it . 
  add to that , alcohol being so expensive and staying at home being a decent option now , with all the digital media + video game content available . 
  it seems to be a behaviour that is on the decrease i am pleased to say . 
  why do you keep quoting me on stuff i never even said ? 
  would it be fair for me to start associating ` your people ' with the golden dawn party ? 
  how has it legitimised them ? 
  very much agree . 
  this is disgusting , no two ways about it . 
  but , you need to place this against the context of what night life areas are like in the uk , and the drinking culture we have here . 
  i even stay away from these areas in the early hours , for fear of the same violence , and i am about as english looking and sounding as there is . 
  people deliberately go out to get as drunk as possible and fight , and when looking for a fight they will pick out any attribute they can see - this is why i stay the hell away . 
  a friend of mine ended up in a coma for two weeks after being punched out of nowhere and smashing his head on a pavement . 
  the pisshead scumbags sole reason for this attack was - 'cause he looked like a cunt in that shirt ' . 
  he was wearing a white t-shirt . 
  i really suspect these sort of incidents went on long before brexit , but are more focused on now by the media and public . 
  i think we got used to that a while ago now . 
  i am not so sure about that , what with the recent back dated tax bill giving to apple . 
  ok , i do n't want to appear to be defending gchq or spying on citizens , but that title is a load of horse poo . 
  they are talking about providing a dns filter , not a firewall . 
  there is a big difference . 
  and then after that it will be ` you need to give it another 5 years for the full ramifications to happen ' . 
  not really , its more mocking then it is punishment . 
  can you outline exactly what this preferential treatment was ? 
  i keep hearing about ` special privileges ' , but whenever i ask anyone for examples , they disappear from the thread . 
  to be fair , very little political punishment rhetoric is coming from the uk shores , that is the eu 's bitterness . 
  they are probably a little to busy talking to apple and others to respond right now . 
  everything is the fault of brexit ( unless it 's a good thing ) . 
  i am not so sure . 
  the us has not seen a reduction in visitors since it introduced the same visa fees . 
  i mean would you be put off a holiday in spain because of an extra # 10 - # 15 fee . 
  i imagine the type of tourists who come to the uk to travel around and shop in london , would also not be put off by a fee . 
  i should have phrased better . 
  what i mean is that it could be an equal amount of uk visiting europe , as it is europeans visiting the uk , but not uk visits to any individual european country ( perhaps with exception of spain , as a lot of brits holiday there ) . 
  must be a slow news day for the guardian . 
  they are not in a position to ` abandon ' anything , as none of them are in government . 
  the article refers to labour mp gisela stuart , and micheal gove ( who was kicked out government by theresa may ) . 
  because they are very tiny minority pockets of crazy fucks who saw a chance to hit out . 
  cunts quite simply , but a tiny amount of populace . 
  what you 're doing is equal to me judging the half of the german population , based on a fringe group of right wing nazis . 
  if the uk applied a similar fee , it could do quite well from this . 
  there are more european visitors to the uk , then the uk to any single eu country . 
   '90 incidents ' now of course , any sort of racial / xenophobic hate is not good . 
  but tell me , how do you equate 34 million people ' tell that to your fellow brexiteers then ' with 90 cases of abuse ? 
  so wanting sovereignty to agree your own trade laws , is pro globalisation ? 
  it will be factored into the budget ( which is what the quoted finance minster presents to parliament ) .
