  how is this a concern from brexit ? 
  the uk would have supported this in or out , and it seems to be a law backed by a majority of eu members . 
  i agree its not a good change by the way . 
  brexit wo n't change anything for european farmers , no . 
  and as you say , some gain from it , and some lose . 
  so it will be very difficult to get a consensus from 27 countries . 
  well it wo n't likely be happening for eu members , but with the uk leaving then there is an opportunity to reform ...  a campaign for reform is being launched by greenpeace , which does not normally focus on farming , but says brexit demands a re-examination of many policies . 
  the group said it was an `` outrage '' that subsidies were given to those such as khalid abdullah al saud , who owns juddmonte limited farms . 
  his stallion frankel is said to be worth over # 100m for breeding . 
  greenpeace chief scientist doug parr told bbc news : `` the subsidy system is utterly broken . 
  we need public money spent on farming to be offering demonstrable public benefits . '', 
  the taxpayers ' alliance added : `` farmers should be put on notice . 
  taxpayers should n't be handing out what are effectively land subsidies , often to extremely wealthy individuals . '', 
  ** good ** . 
  farming subsides are an absolute joke as they go to the landowners , rather then the farmers . 
  sometimes farmers also own their land too , but a lot are tenant farmers who see nothing of the subsides . 
  you end up with [ joke situations like this , where a saudi prince receives eu farming subsides for his race horse stables ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-37493956 ) hopefully now we can reform what is a broken system . 
  how dare they respond to threats and protect interests . 
  please fix your first paragraph , its difficult to read and understand what you mean ( i guess english might not be your first language , so i do n't say it to be mean ) . 
  what ? 
  / r/ukpolitics has its fair share of idiots too , but on the whole its less biased ( alhtough is is more right leaning ) . 
  howver posters from both sides of the debate have room to for decent discourse in there . 
  / r/uk used to be this way , but now its mob rule and anything related to brexit and the sidebar rules go out of the window . 
  [ perhaps the greatest song of time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj9ruzimczq ) and then their was the time the [ gods gave birth to heavy metal too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3b6sgon6da ), 
  fair point . 
  self flagellationally pathetic, 
  its not so much that it 's left wing , its that they just wo n't consider views outside of their own . 
  so now you'e changing from exporters to banking ( and then an edit to include oranges ? ) ... 
  most of the financial services companies have said they are monitoring the situation and not that they are leaving , which any company would say when asked that , especially as they need to put out a warning to the uk government to protect their business interests . 
  i do n't deny , some of them will likely move parts of their passporting related functions out of the uk , but think tanks at the same time are saying this is being over exaggerated . 
  do you want to know the truth ? 
  i have no idea what will happen . 
  the uk could suffer greatly from this , i wo n't deny it . 
  they could also benefit greatly if the strong likelihood of another eu debt crisis hits and eu needs to soul search over more bailouts ( after saying they would not do anymore ) and then the following loss of confidence in the euro . 
  apart from no massive exporters actually said they have been affected negatively . 
  most are too busy enjoying the low pound exchange . 
  over a small family run fancy dress company ? 
  enjoy your popcorn , you might not find the film that exciting though . 
  i thought this might have got posted over here ... 
  so they are a fancy dress company who employs 250 people . 
  that 's really not bad going considering the vote was four months ago , and since then journalists have been hunting around for any brexit story they can find . 
  seems you 're not capable of viewing anything beyond very simple binary / black and white perspectives . 
  one question , are you really a greek ? 
  as a pro eu greek is quite funny . 
  it 's like a pro christmas turkey . 
  that 's a very simpleton view . 
  almost half the country voted to remain , and those that voted leave were a mixed bunch . 
  not all leave voters were the typical farage & johnson cronies that are lazily depicted . 
  who says its not ? 
  i see just what you mean now , thanks for going through it . 
  i guess the concern from the eu is a contagion to other countries that have their own debt crisis ongoing . 
  formally those countries would see themselves going out alone , but now with what was the second ( ? ), 
  biggest economy leaving the eu , the landscape is different . 
  how would that work though ( not challenging you , i am curious ) . 
  they hold euros which would not be worthless . 
  unless you mean there is a bank run takes place ? 
  ` people have been saying ' statements are really not much use , as its a generalisation without it being specific enough for it to have any weight or value . 
  yep , its been the writing on the wall for a [ good few many years now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddxpwll72du ) and even the ecb chief economist [ has started to say the party is over ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/10/16/euro-house-of-cards-to-collapse-warns-ecb-prophet/ ), 
  if you really think consumer confidence is calculated on ` fuck off , i 'm right . 
  everything 's fine . . ' , i really not to sure there is much to discuss here . 
   hubertus vaeth , who heads frankfurt main finance , which promotes the german financial centre ok then . 
  thanks . 
  appreciate the effort you put into writing this . 
  also someone that wants to see the euro self destruct . 
  i do n't see how food prices already being low , negates the benefits of removing on unnecessary costs and bureaucracy . 
  by removing costs it will introduce a widen margin which means farmers have more room to operate between profit and loss . 
  i implied wrong . 
  i thought you were one of the / r/uk crowd with ' i have yet to meet a brexiter who could give me a valid reason for voting leave ' , to which you respond and then they ignore you or just start pitching a bunch strawman arguments ( if you can get them to move beyond them calling you a xenophobe / racist ) . 
  my bad . 
  you could say the exact same thing about eu and the euro especially . 
  months later and remain still are trying to perpetuate the same generalisations . 
  would merkel still even be leader by then ? 
  the boe have been trying to get inflation to pick up for a long time now and the biggest obstacle to that was the strong pound . 
  this in turn meant we have had rock bottom interest rates which in turn meant savers would see savings account rates at best around the figure of 1 % . 
  i have an old savings account which i had been meaning to close send me a letter a couple of weeks ago stating the rate had dropped to 0.25 % . 
  practically worthless . 
  [ the former boe chairmen welcomed it after trying for many years to bring sterling down in value ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/pound-sterling-value-crash-mervyn-king-bank-of-england-welcomes-brexit-a7355076.html ) the strong pound ended up making the uk into an asset haven . 
  those that have money could see no use in savings accounts instead vested into property , which resulted in the younger generation been truly priced out of home ownership . 
  this was increased even more , by foreign investors also getting in as a means of offshoring wealth into british property . 
  still its a double edged sword , as it means are import costs will go up , which in turn means the cost of essentials such as food increase too . 
  interestingly the rest of the economy is doing very well . 
  we have very high consumer confidence , very low unemployment . 
  i really do n't need to even try to retort to your comment . 
  its perfect left just as it is . 
  former ecb chief economist who practically created the euro speaks about its imminent demise , and / r/europe downvotes the story as if its not credible or worse see downvotes as making it less true somehow . 
  there is a big difference between some guy ranting on some blog and this guy who is about as highly qualified as they can get : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/otmar_issing  from 1988 to 1990 issing was a member of the german council of economic experts and in 1990 he became a member of the board of the deutsche bundesbank . 
  in 1998 issing became a member of the executive board of the ecb as well as its first chief economist . 
  i keep hearing about ` people ' , but i ca n't find any of the sources each time they are referenced . 
  can you point me in the direction where someone made a statement about a 65 million consumer market is more important to a company than a 450 million one . 
  i expect what you meant was german manufacturers would feel a sting from losing out to the uk market ( four of the top ten uk sellers in 2016 were german cars and the u.k. is the biggest eu export market for german cars ) , but someone would have to be insane to think it compares to 450 million and an eu collapse ( which is the citadel of german trade ) , that the article states is their main concern . 
  i expect very many did not make the claim , if any at all . 
  so i do n't think you need to use fictitious people to make the point . 
  its really not good for the uk , which stands to lose out . 
  in fact everyone loses out , which its why its best to work together to accept the new reality we have . 
  for science . 
  i highly doubt the uk gov will let them . 
  they explicitly said that during the last referendum . 
  well at least that is what cameron said , but i very much doubt may would change that stance . 
  [ enjoy having your welfare state under the tender embrace of the germans ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwk0jej8wxg&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=181 ), 
  which was nothing to do with the current prime minister .
