arise chikun , arise . 
  the irish economy grew by 0.6 % , but i am guessing you would not likely have spun that as being poor ? 
  edit : what 's with these irish folk deleting their comments when someone enters dialogue with them ? 
  it is true , but the comparative often occurs when its bad news ( ` what did they expect ? ' ) . 
  also you can not outrule consumer and business confidence , in the light of brexit . 
  its not an arbiter on the outcome , but certainly a factor to equate . 
  inb4 ` have n't left yet ', 
  i remember the guilder . 
  interestingly , europe felt just as much european then , as it does now . 
  so you dislike the single currency ? 
  you know how you get these drunk folk who fall down some stairs and then end up walking off unharmed without even dropping their can of larger / packet of chips . 
  i get the feeling that is how brexit is going to play out for the uk in the long run . 
  nato does not need , or has ever intended to be a democracy . 
  ( why am i even bothering to answer this ? ), 
  most people if they really thought hard about it would see the whole proposal is incredibly problematic , but they are so fuelled with brexit hate for the uk , that its instead turned into dick waving . 
  some people said some nasty things constitutes an entire population ? 
  what you 're doing in way is not to different to swapping out the word brits , for ` jews ' . 
  it mass labelling and as / user/paintthestreets rightly called out ` divisive rhetoric ' . 
   berlin has tried everything to keep things amicable after brexit does that include immediately having a advertising truck drive around london asking businesses to relocate to berlin ? 
  / r/europe generally ( although not all thankfully ) view the situation in quite a hostile , simpleton manner , as if the uk is just a single individual . 
  i had someone from slovakia just a few days ago repeatedly replying to me in a thread saying ` article 50 when ??! ', 
  ` go ! , why are you here stiill ?!, 
  ok you got me there , 
  kind of thing you expect the third in line to point out . 
  so the eu is not full of itself , for expecting a strong country to fail as its no longer wanting to be a part of it ? 
  well look on the bright side , should be a few new openings on the way in soldiering for the eu army . 
   yet , thousands of people risk their lives crossing the seas in order to reach that horrible place that is the eu . 
  and a good number want to get to the uk . 
  or they need a dose of austerity . 
  and here is the simpleton view right on cue . 
  so how do we blame brexit for this ? 
  it will also need political union to work , and that 's not just 27 members agreeing , but central governance . 
  that 's the eu 's view of a single market though . 
  single markets / trade blocs can occur without freedom of movement , such as cacm gcc etc. 
  freedom of movement is an eu ideology ( albeit one realised ) . 
  i do n't believe it can happen without political union too . 
  i honestly believe all eu members need to consolidate political and fiscal systems into a complete federated superstate , otherwise their will always be two tiers of members , with the one half suffering brain drain , chronic debt levels or austerity . 
  so with a shared single market , pool of labour with free movement , there should also be fiscal union too ? 
  especially considering there is already a shared currency . 
  so why not have fiscal union too ? 
  america is a single country . 
  i guess if you see the eu as a federation group of states , and not individual countries , then i understand what you mean . 
  so what not have fiscal union too ? 
  i do n't get this certainty statement of you can not have access of a single market without free movement of people . 
  why exactly ? 
  because everyone knows that even though it started with a group of ten , there will be a relentless push to implement eu wide . 
  the [ outcome of this ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-09/eu-financial-transaction-tax-set-for-make-or-break-october-vote ) is key as well . 
  it could well negate any potential gains from passporting , which would mean banks staying in the uk or moving to hong kong , singapore , new york instead . 
  banks would be nervous as hell going anywhere near ireland , in the light they could receive an impromptu retrospective tax bill at any given point in the future . 
  to add to that they do n't really have a credible source , it states ` city source with knowledge of the meeting . ', 
  this subreddit is so butt hurt over brexit , that its become an ideological war . 
  its literally ` lets find anything which shows how shitty the uk is , or how it will suffer loses ' . 
  and to add to this , the just hired previous scumbag eu commission president jos\u00e9 manuel barroso . 
  my dyslexia slipping through : other notable homonyms i often fuckup : there / their / they 're your / you 're affect / effect i have managed to get in under control in work emails , as spell checks capture it for me , but quick comments and my works slack channel are where it really keeps getting the better of me . 
  its frustrating as i immediately correct myself each time . 
  its known as ` word retrieval snafus ' in professional circles . 
  i had it really bad as a youngster , where i would use completely different words that sounded the same . 
  weird thing is , the only place i never have this trouble is with computer code . 
  there is , but a lot of these guys where hoods / caps . 
  no , i am not currently in government , you dick . 
  this is inner london , where the gangs are really dangerous . 
  from what we know they were on bmx 's and hanging outside a fried chicken shop , and so i would bet these guys are part of a ` firm ' as they call them . 
  its saying in the news they were carrying chains . 
  i highly doubt this was a case of ` lets beat up the foreign guy ' . 
  well there you have it . 
  here i am working everyday , raising a family as best as i can , and looking forward to playing some arma 3 tonight with my clan from denmark , germany and the uk - and all that time i did not realise that i was in fact deep down wanting to beat up a polish person and set fire to their house . 
  dam , i must have been in denial . 
  this keeps being brought up , but both sides ( leave , remain ) were full of shit , and most voters were fully aware of this when casting their vote . 
  brexit has become the zeitgeist scapegoat in here . 
  we will , and you should be more concerned with [ making this the eu anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60fqp2rlur4 ) when debt contagion spirals through europe , the young riot and another five start talking about < country  xits, 
  i am sure this must be brexits fault somehow . 
  we already had free roaming , we are laughing and the rest of your finally catching up . 
  it will do soon . 
  my free phone minutes , data transfer with no charge to the eu , when i roam . 
  this is just another goad at the brits circlejerk . 
  you 're funny . 
  so you 're tying a women getting her teeth punched out by some slovakian hick , to a country deciding it no longer wants to be part project that has constantly pushed out its scope each day while it aims to be a federated superstate ? 
  a project which consists of a group of rich countries , while the other face crippling austerity and hugely unacceptable levels of youth unemployment , disenfranchising an entire generations . 
  and rather then look at what is going wrong on your own doorstep , you equate the actions of over 30 million people to some tiny minority of fucktard racists who hit out at some vulnerable people . 
   article 50 when ? 
  when we are good and ready , and not a day before . 
  we have paid in billions into this failing project ( far more then slovakia ever will ) , and so we will take as much time as we need to leave . 
  took me two seconds to find out how friendly slovakia is to migrants : http://spectator.sme.sk/c/20266873/extremists-repeatedly-attack-somali-woman.html?piano_t=1 so you beat up women instead and punch their teeth out or chase them with a knife after collecting a young child from kindergarten . 
  cowards . 
  quite a number of people in this sub will jump to conclusions as soon as you let on that you 're british . 
   how was their application even accepted ? 
  because germany needs someone new to make loans too . 
  i honestly think it has to be fiscal union . 
  this is why us brits need to get out now , so the eu can get on with creating a federated eu . 
  and before any jumps to some conclusion that i am a nutty brexiteer , that is not my reason for saying this . 
  i honestly believe if the eu does not also implement fiscal union , alongside freedom of movement , then it is going to be the end of europe , and that would be bad for the uk . 
  we need a strong europe next to us . 
  for all its worth , i am just a normal brit trying to get on with life , and you 're totally welcome here . 
  it 's really nice having you and i hope you stay and have confidence in us . 
  believe it or not , we are the huge majority too . 
  you do realise we are mostly normal folk who do n't go around on my stabbing people in the neck ? 
  it is in finance ( or at least a major part of it ) . 
  apart from them being different situations . 
  i agree , they will likely move just operations that have revenue streams dependent on passporting to europe , and it wo n't be to save just small amounts of cash . 
  interesting statement from moody 's just came out : https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/moodys-says-banks-could-cope-153718992.html,
