  every downvote just shows more how you do n't like the view , yet can not dispute it . 
  official response form the lse ( a lot more sober then the twitter messages ) : http://londonschoolofeconomicscommunications.newsweaver.com/flyer/jt0pfmawsxa1t4v8a8a5sd?email=true&amp;a=11&amp;p=1191458 and seems some sort of official statement will come out from the foreign office soon ( this guy from itv news is stating he heard it was ' categorically not true ' : https://mobile.twitter.com/paulbranditv/status/784466449347833860 my guesstimate is they will bolster levels of security clearance just in the areas which could detrimental to negotiations and positions they will take during talks , but its not some wholesale ban like its been made out to be . 
  it just dawned on me why there were piles of children 's glasses and shoes outside the school gates now . 
  i feel stupid , i did not notice anything going on at all . 
  joking aside , check this out https://twitter.com/trishgreenhalgh/status/783948846695059456, 
  its not happening across the uk now . 
  i have two kids in school and have not seen any such letters . 
  the letters are going out in areas with a high population of migrants , so that schools with children that have english as a second language can claim funding for # 333.33 per pupil to help them with the extra needs they have in the classroom . 
  http://csapps.norfolk.gov.uk/csshared/ecourier2/fileoutput.asp?id=13754 but hey , surely that must really be a cover up , and instead they will be taking to the gas chambers . 
  do n't believe half the garbage the guardian are putting out . 
  they are full on rinsing everything they can for clicks right now , as the business is doing so bad . 
  i am honestly not sure , it could be a scandal or it could be a misunderstanding . 
  what does not help is the lse professor making a tweet as a way of breaking a huge story on government policy at a very sensitive time . 
  still maybe she really is in a situation , and its a very bad one we need to know about . 
  i have no idea . 
  however i want to say thanks for discussing this me in mature rational way . 
  i mean that honestly . 
  i have got so used to people immediately downvoting me and going into attack mode , that its quite refreshing just to speak to someone civil and pragmatic . 
  sure , and what constitutes an ` immediately reply ' ? 
  we are all just speculating for now , until there is an official response from the government , its largely hearsay on social media . 
  we had the same thing earlier this week where everyone got outraged about the speech saying that uk gov ` wants to shame companies out of employing foreigners ' and the uk was becoming a fascist state over night , until a few eventually asked ` did she actually say that , as its not in the transcript of the speech ' . 
  now no one can find any quotes , which really brings a light to the hysteria that is going on right now . 
  brexit is a web click bonanza right now . 
  apologies , did an edit as i wanted to add to what i originally said . 
   and what i 'm saying is that britain does n't have a large enough talent pool from which to draw anyway . 
  is there a drawn conclusion / consensus on that ? 
  are you referring to amber rudd 's speech ? 
  no need for neurosis , its pretty simple what is happening : these are people who will be dealing with materials that disclose negotiation tactics , so in much the same as anyone working in the police , armed forces , mi5 etc - they need to be british citizens . 
  its the same as when you work for a company , there is some stuff you can share with outside with a non-disclosure agreement , and some materials which are highly confident that can not be shared as it will be detrimental to business negotiations . 
  its really not . 
  these are people who will be dealing with materials that disclose negotiation tatics , so in much the same as anyone working in the police , armed forces , mi5 etc - they need to be british citizens . 
  its the same as when you work for a company , there is some stuff you can share with outside with a non-disclosure agreement , and some materials which are highly confident that can not be shared as it will be detrimental to business negotiations . 
  as other posters have said , this is likely to do with the fact that they will be dealing with sensitive negotiation materials . 
  so like with the armed forces , police and secret services , etc - its compulsory to be a british citizen . 
  its the same as when you work for a private company , there is some stuff you can share via a non-disclosure agreement , and some materials which are highly confident that can not be shared at all , as it will be detrimental to business negotiations . 
  the uk is about to enter key trade negotiations with europe . 
  i must be honest , i find it quite alarming that the lse is so low on attendance from brits ( i think its cool that people come from all over the world to study there , but its concerning that their are no native students in your class , even if only 10 % ) . 
  why do you think that might be ? 
  we are not smart enough or can not afford to study and live in london anymore ? 
  scotland wanting ` special privileges ' again , why do n't they just leave - i have heard that said a few times now about another certain country . 
  also scottish nationalism = great . 
  british nationalism = must be racist / xenophobic . 
  if you 're going to leave , i am of course not happy about that and sorry it is that way for you , but that is your choice and you need to do what you feel is right for you and your famliy . 
  my point , which is far from having my head in the sand is to look at this proportionally and pragmatically , and that is that the amount of attacks going on are absolutely minuscule in comparison with the population we have in the uk . 
  i do n't care if it makes me unpopular , i will continue to call out my whole countries populace being generalised as racists because of a tiny amount of fringe nut cases who have cowardly lashed out at migrants . 
  which country would you go to ? 
  so do you not think its possible that brits might also have polish neighbours that they like , and yet can still hold a view that the uk should leave the eu . 
  race attacks are on the rise in ireland : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/reports-of-racist-incidents-in-ireland-are-on-the-rise-1.2750542, 
   whatabout - take one drink how about you not avoid questions you do n't have an answer for with some half cocked retort that means nothing ? 
  i am happy to discuss this with you , but it needs to be a fact based discussion between two adults . 
  for the questions you actually merited a reply to , you 're are at it yet again with the simpleton grouping terms of ` leavers / leave ' . 
  we are not going to get anywhere if we use lazy generalisations . 
  this is why i have never used the term ` remainers ' in a serious context in this conversion , as it just descends into a dick waving contest . 
  it is here . 
  ok , so we are in fact talking stereotypes . 
  i will get my coat . 
  racist attacks happened before , and have done in the uk going back to the day since someone first arrived from offshore . 
  yes there was an increase , but its still a tiny minority of the uk 's almost 70 million population . 
  i do n't believe any have been in the news for almost a fortnight now , with the last one being a case of two polish guys throwing bacon at some worshippers in camden . 
  let 's also take a point of comparison just over the pond where race attacks are becoming an issue in ireland too , a country that is undeniably pro eu : http://www.irishtimes.com/news/social-affairs/reports-of-racist-incidents-in-ireland-are-on-the-rise-1.2750542 there are plenty more cases of racist attacks on the rise throughout the eu . 
  take a look at golden dawn , who came to power largely thanks to eu austerity ripping through greece . 
  yes they are idiots for leaping into a facist right wing org , but i would never paint a greek who does not agree with the eu to be a knife welding racist maniac , like you 're doing with brits who voted leave . 
  lets also consider that the attacks reported have numbered around 15 ? 
  you can not equate the actions of approx 40-50 people with 30 million + who voted to leave . 
  feel free to correct my numbers if you like , i lazily made a guesstimate . 
  polices ? 
  well those are the policies of the current government . 
  again its too simpleton to assume half the population agree with current government policy . 
  plenty of very questionable policies were put forward during the pro remain cabinets times ( namely austerity , which is an eu favourite too ) , would it be right for me to associate you as a remain voter with a government policy enacted by a pro remain government that caused mass unemployment and suffering ? 
  no i would be a dickhead , so please do n't do the same to me , as i disagreed on us being in the eu . 
  the 350 million thing on the bus was retarded i agree . 
  there was just as much stupid shit coming from remain too . 
  i and most people i spoke with , saw the whole campaign as a facade with neither side to be trusted . 
  `` everything '' - what am i meant to with that ? 
  i do n't see why any leave voters would blame the eu for this , unless we are doing the stereotype thing of a leave voter being a ` low iq ` ed racist / xenophobe , ` lets ' beat up some polish people ' person . 
   i still do not understand why there is such as hate in uk for eastern europeans , the wave of migration from poland to ireland have been a net positive for ireland imho do you honestly believe that is a majority view ? 
  now of course there are some horrible people around , but why is it so hard to understand that there may also be a concern about the volume of people arriving into the uk more then the race or nationality . 
  especially when this is coupled with a housing crisis and local services strained and maxed out . 
  why is it so hard to comprehend that its possible to vote to leave the eu without being a xenophobic racist ? 
  very much . 
  i remember this well . 
  we were told we would have a diminished platform in the world and would not be able to compete with other european countries . 
  we would end up being a small disenfranchised island . 
  to be honest i find it a far more less biased in here compared to / r/unitedkingdom . 
  its only expected that people here will have a vested interest in the eu and i can totally understand them taking a defensive posture over brexit matters . 
  there are some idiots granted ( i had a slovakian guy constantly just replying with ` article 50 when ?! ', 
  to all my comments ) , but a lot of folk craft very interesting perspectives over what is happening . 
  / r/uk on the other hand is full of self flagellation and loathing . 
  they have a cathartic orgy over bad news and can not look further then half the country being racist xenophobes intent on destroying the uk . 
  the place reeks of the class system , yet they likely see themselves as [ progressive liberals ] ( http://life.spectator.co.uk/2016/03/a-handy-guide-to-left-wing-people-for-the-under-10s/ ) . 
  fruit picking was always done by teenagers for years , who happily will take on the hard work and camp on the farm grounds to save cash . 
  i did it myself for three seasons when i was a youngster and had a great time . 
  people do n't remain in a career of ` fruit picking ' , they move on . 
  this is fine though , as its season work , so sure , maintain a mortgage from picking strawberries all year round is not going to be very sustainable . 
  i did three seasons during uni as a young lad ( this was in the eighties ) . 
  i had a great time . 
  sure it was hard work , but i never ended up with physical disabilities , so ` back breaking ' is kind of a dramatic choice of words . 
  we saved up a fair amount of cash , as most of the time was spent on the farm campsites in the evening with weekends at home or the local pub . 
  students / teenagers were a perfect fit for the job , as it was seasonal . 
  a good majority of the workers were native , although they were a few chinese who were beastly fast at picking and so made good money .
