  with the eu making plans to build an army , back away from nato and having russia right next door , there is a going to be a lot of posturing for many years to come . 
  are you actually insinuating brexiteers want war in europe for leaving the eu ? 
  one does not simply leave the eu , unless you want a trade war . 
  a lot of older brits do view europe as one area in itself and still refer to it as the ` continent ' . 
  there was a semi famous newspaper headline / weather report from long ago when a really bad fog had set over the english channel ( sea between uk and france ) . 
  the headline was ` fog in the channel . 
  continent cut off ! ', 
  interestingly while just googling the source for reference for this comment , it seems the quote was a myth spread by nazi propagandists trying to demonstrate britain 's disdain for continental europe . 
  i do agree . 
  we live in times of [ trumpism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwk0jej8wxg ), 
  so the uk borrowed 7.8 billion euros from the european union 's development bank in 2015 ( which there is nothing to say could not be borrowed elsewhere now ) , and made a net contribution of # 8.5 billion ( over 9 billion euros ) . 
  i think if you look at it in a simpleton manner , yes it likely will . 
  not sure i am that happy with all who voted leave being depicted as reactionaries easily swayed by johnson and farrage . 
  i personally detest both men and found both the leave and remain campaigns equally distasteful clusterfucks . 
  i am sure they did sway some folk ( especially ukip voters ) , but from talking to lots of people , i do n't believe leave voters can be cast in such a black and white way . 
  thanks , 
   you ca n't force multinationals to stay in a country if they do n't want to or it does n't make sense to - do n't be stupid . 
  woah slow down . 
  where is you data to support london bankers wanting to leave the country ? 
  sure if they get offered more money they will , but that is still a jury out situation . 
   new trade laws wo n't do anything because you actually need to export other things for them to have impact . 
  the uk 's economy is 75 % in services . 
  banking is essentially financial services , there is nothing to export . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  in fact i am confused why you are counterpointing the same point i am making myself ? 
  i believe the eu is going to fail , unless it undergoes fiscal and political union and federates as a superstate . 
  the uk will never integrate into such a model ( they wo n't even take the single currency ) , and so we needed to get out before the real issues manifest or the eu manages to continue the path it needs to go to reach full federation . 
  i arrived at this view from researching the euro and what possible path it could traverse . 
  economist mark blyth was quite a key influence on me in this regard . 
  a snippet from a comment i made earlier : the eu badly needs fiscal union , as a shared currency and freedom of movement ( with its widely different levels of tax compliance throughout europe ) is proving hugely problematic . 
  we are in a period of respite , but the fundamental systemic issues still exist . 
  the euro and to a degree freedom of movement tends to work in the best interests of the wealthy states , where as the poorer regions suffer badly from a lack of currency control and the ecb transferring private debt to public , with the inevitable austerity which has disenfranchised entire generations in greece , spain and portugal , with huge levels of youth unemployment , brain drain and pensioners stripped of what they planned to to live out their final days on . 
  the problem from there however , is that fiscal union , really needs political union - so even further integration . 
  the uk will never join the single currency , and so with the eu wanting further integration ( with a lot wanting a federated eu ) , the uk was always going to be at loggerheads with the eu . 
  for this reason , its better that we leave now and get the process underway , even if it will be turbulent process . 
  i also do n't believe we will be the last to leave . 
  there will be more ` shaking the tree ' to get other looser committed states to drop out as well so the eu can continue its path to federation . 
  that wo n't happen for a while with things as they are , but i believe it will be the case again eventually . 
  edit : wow , this is nice . 
  its not often a leaver with a british flag gets upvotes . 
  we tend to end up in the minus range and the bottom of the page . 
  i have feeling any losses that may be present from a lack of passporting will be quickly offset with tax reductions or new internal trade laws . 
  there is no way the ` city of london corporation ' are going to let all their children run away without putting up a fight , and they will be a lot more agile to cook up new deals then the eu and it 's needing the agreement of 27 states . 
  the biggest threat the uk has to losing business is new york . 
  i was a reluctant remain voter , who has since changed his view that we were right to leave . 
  i do n't think anyone is arguing its a bad thing that people are coming forward to report hate crimes , its more the guardian jumping on anything that gives them a chance for a good old post brexit result national self flagellation . 
  i guess i can only talk from my corner of the world , but i have not seen anything at all like this , and i work in a very large multi cultural firm . 
  on the weekends i used to play my favourite video game ` arma 3 ' with my team / clan mates who are from denmark , holland , the uk and germany . 
  i gave that up though since brexit , and instead i now go out and beat up polish people . 
  unfortunately it has never happened as my french is not that great at all , but i would feel very proud if they did . 
  yes . 
  french , german , portuguese ( the brazilian flavor ) , and most recently thai ( sawaa dee khrup . 
  i am certainly not fluent in any as yet , and feel lazy when i look at how proficient my european cousins are . 
  i also know how to swear in dutch , so i have that going for me . 
  we may disagree on some matters , but that is no reason to be uncivil to each other . 
  i raise a friendly glass to you ( well actually a tea mug , but that is as good as a gesture from us folk over the pond ) . 
  as a side note . 
  you have incredibly good english . 
  i took a quick look at your comment history thinking you might have been a brit / american just selecting a french flag as a distraction . 
  these leaks were pre-brexit and from the treasury of pro-remainer george osborne . 
  they were ` worst case scenario ' figures used for the remain camps campaign . 
  believing these is as naive as believing all the nhs 350 million a week horseshit . 
  yep , the belgian stuff was very dark , the dutch too ( who are now among the liberals of europe ) . . 
  i guess one key thing with the british colonies was we could not resist in partaking in some engineering while there , and from that to this day , the rail networks in india are still a key infrastructure . 
  to be fair , did we really do much bloody colonisation in europe ? 
  its more the europeans that came over to the uk ( vikings , saxons , romans , normans ( well the french at least tried , but we all know how shit they are at fighting ) . 
  for the record , i totally understand / sympathise the irish view of the uk . 
  even though it was well before i was born , i do n't feel proud of that shit at all . 
  i really can not do anything with simpleton generalisations , sorry . 
  if you ever want to enter serious discourse though , i am happy to partake . 
  there certainly is going to be some difficult times although i am honestly not so sure about 15-25 % , but its an adjustment that we needed to make eventually , and could only be put off for so long . 
  apart from us , everyone equally hates us . 
  i am good thanks . 
   `` not something we are definitely going to do, 
  `` be clear about the proportion of their workforce which is international '' in no way constituents a workers list . 
  its a percentage . 
  so its falsehoods and contempt prior to investigation then . 
  it 's quite sad that british journalism has sunk so low . 
  thanks for the pragmatic answer by the way ( i mean that sincerely too , not in any sarcastic way ) . 
  erm , it 's not a u-turn . 
  can anyone point out in the transcript where rudd said anything about naming and shaming companies or worker lists ? 
  it never happened . 
  it was a case of ` twitter news ' and then in a few hours turned into the uk becoming a fascist state putting yellow stars onto foreigners clothes . 
  all that is quoted in the article above ( which keep in mind is a left wing paper that has always been loyal to the opposition party ( labour ) , is that they denied it was ever proposed as policy . 
  there was nothing to u turn on in the first place . 
  they are stating it was not even a thing in the first place . 
  here is the transcript http://press.conservatives.com/post/151334637685/rudd-speech-to-conservative-party-conference-2016 and the part that caused hysteria  this will include examining whether we should tighten the test companies have to take before recruiting from abroad . 
   british businesses have driven the economic recovery in this country , with employment at record levels . 
  however we still need to do more ... so all british people get the opportunities they need to get on in life . 
   the test should ensure people coming here are filling gaps in the labour market , not taking jobs british people could do . 
   but it 's become a tick box exercise , allowing some firms to get away with not training local people . 
  we wo n't win in the world if we do n't do more to upskill our own workforce . 
   it 's not fair on companies doing the right thing . 
  so i want us to look again at whether our immigration system provides the right incentives for businesses to invest in british workers . 
  so really , is it that bad to look into how businesses could be more accountable on training local people into filling positions ? 
  this is what happens in the us , and that is the most multicultural country on the planet ( with recent high levels of migration ) . 
  companies get a quota and they run a visa lottery system . 
  the whole thing is getting ridiculous . 
  just yesterday we had a story break on ` twitter ' about the government compiling lists of foreign children being counted in uk schools and folk actually referencing the holocaust . 
  it turns out this was all for eal funding , where children who have english as a second language get funding of an extra # 330 per year , and get extra support in learning .
