  as does most of the eu funding , for example the huge horizon2020 framework . 
  can you share that national poll with me ? 
  i would be interested in seeing that . 
  people believe , only in what they want to believe . 
  [ which is a misnomer now ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/philip-hammond-pledges-billions-of-pounds-funding-to-organisations-to-plug-post-brexit-shortfall-a7188201.html ) - the finance minister has pledged to cover eu funding shortfalls . 
  [ the same for the sciences ] ( http://scientistsforeu.uk/2016/08/press-release-philip-hammond-guarantees-eu-funding/ ) as well , before someone tries to bring that up . 
  [ because the finance minister has already made the pledge . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/philip-hammond-pledges-billions-of-pounds-funding-to-organisations-to-plug-post-brexit-shortfall-a7188201.html ) honestly , this whole thread is redundant and beating a dead horse , and yet another case of circle jerk hating on the brits . 
  thanks for actually bothering to really think about the situation . 
  this is exactly the status quo in a lot of improvised towns in the uk . 
  it 's a shame that someone from portugal understands the situation better then most brits - whose extent of analysis is to just label their own poor as racist and stupid . 
   and it has already become clear that the british government will not cover that gap once they 're outside of the eu . 
  incorrect . 
  the finance chancellor has already made an official statement that they will match eu funding . 
  i think by that logic , you could argue that not wanting a country to not leave the eu , is selfish . 
  the ferry operators will , in just the same way it works at other ports / airports . 
  the reason operators do this at standard ports , is if they let someone pass onto the plane without a ticket / passport , they get fined ( a lot ) , so they also self police . 
  as we have juxtaposed controls with france , the ferries are more relaxed , but if that changed , due to france throwing its rattle out of the pram over the migrants , then calais / dover would be like any other port / airport . 
  the ferries would self policy and step up their own checks , and hire in extra security . 
  we gathered that . 
   but seriously though , an armed conflict between eu nations ? 
  half of them are nato anyway . 
  it ca n't be out-ruled with some of the smaller states . 
  i believe its about protecting the slow port approach section where the migrants run alongside the trucks and try to jump on the back to break in . 
  prior to that , the vehicles are all doing around 80km and any breach attempts would result in squished migrants . 
  would also be interesting to see how an internal conflict would be resolved , when both countries have soldiers in the same army . 
  just a few months back on here , i had a finn telling me i was conspiracy nut for believing this . 
  yes , i am sure they just built a 300-strong government dedicated department , just for nothing at all . 
  i would say rather then kicking it down the road , they are trying to buy as much time as they can to get ready for the enormity of the task at hand . 
  they have just had to build a 120 head count department to delivery brexit and have a monumental amount of planning to do . 
  an immediate trigger of a50 would have been disastrous . 
  good news : have n't left yet . 
  bad news : what did the uk expect ? 
  can you share your source on brexit being called off ? 
  load bearing grinders are the bee 's knees mate . 
  you need to understand though , that those figures do not evenly spread over the uk . 
  some areas have high areas of unemployment, 
  its not so much using the grinder , its understanding the structural load bearing relevance to the building . 
  i can go to tool hire shop near me , and rent one out for the day , and do n't need a certificate . 
  this is exactly it , those that up sticks and travel have a clear goal ` head down , work hard , and save ' . 
  it 's worth them doing so , as the leverage they get from a uk salary , compared to a polish salary is so substantial . 
  there was a time when uk workers were sought out in the german construction industry , for exactly the same reasons , they worked work , fast and filled a demand , and made good money compared to back home in the uk . 
  you no doubt might recall ` auf wiedersehen pet ' . 
  and this is thanks to the huge disparity there is between salaries and ` payee tax systems ' in europe . 
  believe it or not , there was a time when british builders were sought out to work in germany , as they were seen in the same light - ` grafters ' . 
  sure they got a bit drunk on the weekend , but they worked the arses off . 
  painting the polish as accepting of cheap , and the brits as snobs is ignoring the real element to blame , which is the huge wealth disparity in europe and how it provides an unfair advantage in the working class job markets . 
  the fines will increase immensely if that happens . 
  there is a dam sight less then the rest of europe . 
  i do n't want to pretty this up as a good thing , but compared to the racism that exists n eastern europe , the uk is like disneyland . 
  to a simple mind , i guess it is . 
  the reality is they will end up in calais . 
  do drop it please , generalisations like this are just dumb and ignorant . 
   sept 3rd 2016 that article is from the future !, 
  good news : `` you have n't left yet '' bad news : `` what did the uk expect ? '', 
  sigh, 
  which is where the law comes in again ( unfair dismissal ), 
  that 's against employment law : you are only required a doctors note if sick for more then 7 days : https://www.gov.uk/taking-sick-leave, 
  first time i have seen those numbers , that 's insane . 
  very over dramatised headline . 
  this is just trying to prevent people clogging up doctor surgeries with minor ailments that can easily be treated at home ( colds , coughs , sprains etc ) . 
  now that the winter months are here , people with simple colds and coughs max out the doctor appointments and clog up waiting areas , in turn coughing and sneezing and passing on germs to people with more serious ailments and often a less strong immune system ( typically elderly patients ) . 
  these people could just stay at home , recover and take some paracetamol . 
  dutch schools do n't look to [ different ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/8nugb_xkivu/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  these are just prefabs . 
  cheap to put up , very warm in the winter and cool in the summer ( as they are packed out in celotex ) . 
  they allow schools to expand / contract in size as school numbers raise / drop . 
  much more efficient then using a ton of concrete or rsj 's . 
  kids have no issues learning in these and they work fine for the job , but i guess if your someone who wants to mollycoddle kids and thinks a building type is going to hamper their development as a person , then perhaps you might see it different . 
  i think ( and hope ) you might be onto something there . 
  austerity was shit and we now have a government who are talking about rolling back that approach . 
  however , uk austerity has been no where near the levels implemented by the eu against greece . 
  please do n't equate the whole country under the premise of some dieing shitrag tabloid paper . 
  can you show me one of these schools that looks like a prison ? 
  if you 're basing living and raising children in the uk on your experience living in london , then i think their might be a flaw in your perspective . 
   from my rather limited experience it seems like racism towards other europeans in perfectly tolerated while racism towards muslims is not so widely accepted . 
  limited experience being the key words in the above . 
  which is why an agreement will not be made , as its always going to end up with ` the uk wants special privileges ' , and then ` we never agreed to this much integration in the first place ' . 
   pigeon you 're complete right : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pidgin i never knew that . 
  i guess i picked it up from the novel and play : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pigeon_english, 
  when i converse with europeans they love exploring the nuances of english and really enjoy deep learning the language . 
  there is also very rarely any miscommunication . 
  i find the unfounded disagreements / misunderstandings tends to happen with those who have just picked up the language during two to three years at university . 
  they land into positions using pigeon english to discuss technical topics or develop complex sales accounts . 
  so this mostly happens in asian / british conversations . 
  its the bbc , they constantly churning out dramatised subject titles now . 
  remind myself of what ? 
  companies relocating to ireland from the uk ? 
  74 % here , 68 % here . . not far off equal really . 
  i guarantee with the recent backdated corporate tax enforcement made by the bosses in brussels , they wo n't be going anywhere near ireland . 
  why would they , if the table could be turned on them any given day in the future . 
  so you are actually insinuating the eu is going to put a trade sanctions on the uk ? 
  i do n't think its possible to be more ridiculous then this . 
  a new model to be exported to europe : nissan salty . 
  so i am not the only one who has noticed xnicolex constantly post about anti brexit all day . 
  they know full well that ` netherlands thwarts eu hopes of tougher trade stance on china ' would not generate anywhere near the hits that a bit of uk hate does . 
  do you have any source on how the uk is the only country to not cap subsides ? 
  well if does for the uk , but does not the eu . 
  with the uk ( allegedly ) leaving the eu , they will decide their own agricultural funding programs and hopefully give the money to those that really need it , instead of rich saudis and royalty as it currently stands . 
  edit : i see the confusion now , when i say ` we ' i mean the uk .
