he 's not pro-frexit in the way david cameron was not pro-brexit . 
  we know what happened . 
  this stance was completely crushed in the debate , you ca n't change the european treaties unless the 27 countries unanimously agree . 
  his actual stance is status quo or leave the eu , the rest is just smoke and mirrors . 
  he is using the exact same rhetoric as david cameron . 
  i 'm a bit worried about the furries lost in the atlantic ocean, 
  eu , get your shit together . 
  this is n't too complicated , the french government does n't like the deal with the italian company so it 's legally exercising its right of first refusal to negotiate a new deal . 
  i 'm not too sure what you 're rambling on tbh . 
  you 're just dropping buzzwords without understanding them because this has nothing to do with nepotism either . 
  i obviously do n't know anything about the cases you 're talking about but this nationalization would fully respect eu laws . 
  what does any of this even have to do with corruption ? 
  ... from fox news, 
  i like these comments as it is a good reminder of the courage simone veil showed to take on 500 morons like these at once !, 
  and she won . 
  [ yeah it looks awesome . 
  french people are overwhelmingly in favor of paris 2024 so do n't speak for everyone . 
  it seems like romania did n't set the bar too high, 
  this is the last one i swear, 
  yeah our fire-fighting cooperation is quite advanced , there is an european emergency response centre that takes care of it now and it even helped chile earlier this year . 
  i can guarantee you everyone downvoting have n't ever attended a march in their life . 
  but they sure make it sound like attending one on a sunny saturday afternoon during ramadan was borderline mandatory for muslims . 
  / r/worldnews narrative ? 
  i do n't think we have read the same threads/comments in the past few months ... 
  you know it 's bad when scarlet is n't enough anymore . 
  the french ministry of defence also received offers from belgium , italy , switzerland and croatia , it just so happens that the german offer was by far the most competitive . 
  it has nothing to do with politics . 
  they needed a truckload of new weapons in a short amount of time and not many countries have these manufacturing capabilities . 
  i believe that 's marc keller , the president of strasbourg football club . 
  why ? 
  algeria is not saudi arabia . 
  `` good candidates '' give me a break . 
  you are pushing out 60yo + men who have been in power for over 30 years . 
  out of 65 million people it 's really not difficult to find 250 women more competent than career politicians . 
  it 's not like being an mp requires an absolutely unique set of skills . 
  thanks, 
  so ... what happens with the seats sinn f\u00e9in won if they refuse to seat in the parliament ? 
  do they just remain vacant ? 
  uhh ... you might want to read up on what actually happened . 
  he and his friends threatened the skinheads , waited for them outside the store looking for a fight and got served . 
  `` innocent people '' alright . 
  antifas and skinheads killing each other is just natural selection as far as i 'm concerned . 
  fucking lol you need better heroes than this dumbass . 
  skyscrapers were banned after the one in the picture was built . 
  they 've lost track of a lot of migrants, 
  the title does n't really give justice to the whole answer . 
  `` i 've always had a good relationship with foreign journalists who were actual journalists . 
  when news agencies spread libellous false news , they are not journalists anymore , they are organs of influence . 
  russia today and sputnik were organs of influence during this campaign which spread false news about me and my team . 
  so i considered they were n't welcomed at my hq . 
  all professional foreign journalists , even russian , had access to my campaign , it 's simple , the rules are like that . 
  that 's why it was worrying that foreign news agencies , under whatever influence , i do n't know , interfered with a democratic election . 
  and on this matter i 'll never back down , never madam , so we 'll speak truthfully , russia today and sputnik did n't act as journalists but as organs of influence and misleading propaganda . '', 
  and he was directly answering to a rt journalist who had the nerves to complain about not getting full access to his campaign . 
  you think it 's stupid because you 've completely misunderstood the argument . 
  nobody is saying that jihadists are merely retaliating against the iraq war . 
  the us toppling a president with no alternative whatsoever and wrecking a country , as usual , in order to gain access to their natural resources , handed the area on a plate for jihadists . 
  all that happened after is mostly a consequence of that . 
  meanwhile , i wonder where an arrogant ultraliberal prick like yourself could come from ... 
  you 're taking some liberties with the actual definition here . 
  also , turkey is hardly a safe country for most of them . 
  well if they are the immigrants that 's fine ... 
  her dad founded a consulting firm there after marrying the great-great-niece of their former president . 
  he 's also not her biological dad who happened to be a french spy . 
  this family is batshit crazy . 
  definitely not , she 's going to ivory coast to work with her father . 
  even if she was available it would make absolutely no sense for her to join jean-marie 's latest attempt to remain relevant . 
   the politicians sweet talking about `` unity '' and `` love '' are the alway ones who want their opponents to let down their guards , preparing knives in order to better cut their throats . 
  this is how politics work . 
  a typical example would be barack obama . 
  handsome , respectable , funny , classy , highly intelligent , charismatic . 
  he is loved , and while he talks about unity , others let down their guards , allowing him to defend american national interests mor ruthlessly than ever before . 
  surely you must see the irony in posting that in response to that article ? 
  eurobonds were never in his platform though , i have no idea where that comes from but i 've only ever read it on / r/europe . 
  he has never spoken about eurobonds and if you google eurobonds you only find articles from european newspapers . 
  well that 's completely off for france because it takes into account the % of seats instead of the % of votes . 
  also , not the most recent election obviously . 
  we have to push for the second solution or the people will vote for the first in the next 5 to 10 years , simple as that . 
   according to ( standard ) international agreements generally french corporations pay tax in the place where the board of directors has its hedquaters oh please ... none of these companies pay more than 5 % corporate tax . 
  the only thing the people working at the whirlpool factory are gaining here are unemployment benefits . 
  it 's a great deal for the companies for sure , not so much for the people . 
  french companies hiring abroad and paying taxes abroad to increase profit for their shareholders ... yeah it still seems pretty stupid . 
  who is n't ? 
  a single market is stupid with such differences in labour costs and taxation . 
  pretty incredible they got 5th anyway, 
  i do n't think that 's even possible with the popular vote . 
  0 point from germany ? 
  hope macron will have a serious discussion about that with merkel on monday . 
  `` celebrate diversity '' with 20 generic english pop songs, 
  jesus christ spain and germany , even the uk already scored 39 points . 
  death , taxes , and the french commentators whining about neighboring countries always voting for each other, 
  i hope we 'll invade spain tomorrow . 
  same tactics used by sarkozy in 2012 to appeal to far-right voters and it failed both times . 
  that 's the real trend . 
  i 'm not sure in what way is fillon considered far-right in your mind , he is your typical austere conservative . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is n't far-left either but in any case far-left ideas have always been very popular in france . 
  this is n't a trend at all especially considering le pen and fillon severely under-performed compared to the expectations during this election . 
  that makes little sense considering he won the first round too . 
  the center has not been that popular in 35 years in france , a worrying trend indeed . 
  all the polls show that they are overwhelmingly against independance though .
