  of course they are probably answering with a gun to their head . 
  why not ? 
  merkel does n't really have the upper hand in negotiations with the uk already leaving and about 50 % of the french people voting for eurosceptic candidates . 
  a major part of her political plan also rests on keeping france on board . 
  and merkel did the same in 2005 , 2009 and 2013 ( not the day after but it was her first international trip each time ) . 
  it 's not that frexit is that unpopular , it 's just that some frexiters wo n't ever vote for the other frexiters . 
  it 's not even about religion , i ca n't see why they would vote for someone who wants to take away their dual citizenship . 
  i 'd imagine that 's the most important issue for them . 
  we keep winning folks . 
  high energy !, 
  it 's much better than his first speech that 's for sure . 
  personally i think it 's really good . 
  / r/europe just had a collective orgasm after that entrance, 
  exit polls are not used in france , you 're wrong . 
  well , no , a lot of people are wondering what the fuck was that speech, 
  what mass immigration ? 
  you should n't believe everything you read you know . 
  these are not exit polls . 
  btfo lmao, 
  probably about 2 hours from now, 
  insane clickbait from le temps, 
  new-york : macron 94.7 % , le pen 5.3 % chicago / midwest : macron 92 % , le pen 8 % boston : macron 95.7 % , le pen 4.3 % i like how t_d made such a strong impression on french voters . 
  and these are just the people who are most likely to ever come across them . 
  no , it 's a fairly low turnout . 
  turnout was 72 % at 5pm in 2012 , 69 % in the first round . 
  it 's the lowest turnout ever . 
  it will end up at 75 % . 
  very little . 
  1,3 m voters out of 45m . 
  the euro jumped to a 6 months-high after macron won the first round so this is very likely . 
  suggesting that he assassinated the french mp who died after an heart attack during a meeting , these people are something else ... 
  france has always been somewhat euroskeptic , the netherlands and us were the only countries to vote `` no '' to the european constitutional treaty . 
  you 're probably right , there is almost no way she could get a majority in the parliament even if she wins tomorrow . 
  however , one of the members of her party said that if she does n't get a majority of the seats she would dissolve the parliament and call a referendum to introduce proportional representation which would favor her party much more . 
  that 's true , they have no power in the parliament at the moment . 
  macron has no mps because his party was only created a year ago , le pen only has a few mps because other parties usually unite against their candidates . 
  there will be legislative elections in about a month in which all the seats are contested . 
  usually these favor the party of the newly elected president but in this case the political landscape has changed so much that it 's difficult to know if the president will have to form a coalition or not . 
  mais t ` en as pas marre de raconter des conneries partout ? 
  why do you think le pen got 5 % of the votes in paris , less than in 2002 , where the bulk of the terrorist attacks happened ? 
  that does n't quite fit your narrative ? 
  so yeah , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  we 'll know the name of the president right at 8:00 pm unless they are both within 1 or 2 % . 
  the estimates are pretty much as good as the official results . 
  it 's pretty clear that you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  what part of `` media blackout during the voting '' is not clear to you ? 
  what a misleading title and article . 
  pathetic from the guardian . 
  how is a banker specialized in m&a in a bank specialized in m&a responsible for the 2008 financial crisis , the great depression , putting fascists in power and fucking over europe . 
  people actually think `` banker '' is a job . 
  in english or in approximative french using google translate so far . 
  people from the_donald have spammed french hashtags for weeks trying to influence the election but they do n't understand at all that most french people do n't care and now le pen is losing ground in the polls for the second round after an already disappointing first round performance . 
  if you think the average french person reads 4chan and alt-right subreddits i have news for you ... 
  that does n't matter at all since they are n't trying to appeal to each other 's voters but to the people who are still undecided . 
  i doubt most french people even know who farage is . 
  even valeurs actuelles which is pretty much the french breitbart said she was unconvincing , i guess they 're biaised too . 
  they were front national voters trying to set up macron . 
  le pen took some selfies with them on the parking lot for 15 minutes while macron talked with them for a few hours . 
  this poll is specifically about the debate though . 
  12 % of her voters thinking that macron won is probably the most telling figure here . 
  yeah the same different currency . 
  and in the meanwhile france would use franc on top of that different currency too . 
  i 'm not sure what she 'll come up with in the remaining three days . 
  she 's one of the worst politicians i 've ever seen at debates . 
  the debate was a trainwreck from that point on , she completely lost it . 
  macron probably sealed his win in the last 30 minutes . 
  not only that but she said she wants to `` negotiate '' with the other countries for them to give up the euro too and change it into a different currency . 
  she 's insane . 
  135 policemen died in the us last year , a 5-year high , while 4 to 6 policemen die in france every year . 
  how about that for lawlessness ? 
  i 'm more worried for you guys . 
  she can , but not retroactively . 
  in practice it would be so unpopular and such a clusterfuck that i doubt she would ever do it . 
  france 3 , bfm from the thread on / r/france edit : after digging a little bit more , it seems like they went back on what they said and they 're `` only '' talking about 3rd degree burns on his face now . 
  he is fighting for his life according to french media . 
  you asked for concrete examples of where the french people 's vote has not had meaning and power , i gave you the most concrete example possible . 
  you 're one of these people who say that people elect european mps so they have a say in eu affairs too ? 
  politicians not giving a shit about people 's will is exactly fn 's rhetoric . 
  just do n't be too surprised when france eventually leaves the eu . 
  these are some crazy mental gymnastics . 
  french people voted no to the constitutional treaty in 2005 . 
  the european governments subsequently signed the treaty of lisbon in 2007 which was constitutional treaty 2.0 . 
  giving up on any chance of having a love life to attract very unlikely voters for a party known for homophobia in a country where lgbt rights are not even a big issue while potentially jeopardizing your political career too ... that 's a very strange theory ... 
  they are high schoolers , they are n't voters of anyone . 
  maybe just , read the article , you know ? 
   since we do not have the right to vote , we have to express ourselves differently, 
  people hate high schoolers having political opinions . 
  one of the most famous videos involving marine 's father is him chasing a guy while shouting `` i 'll make you run , faggot '' , so yeah , not very good . 
  they oppose gay marriage obviously . 
  their current vice-president , the mastermind behind le pen 's campaign , is gay , but he is a very divisive figure among the party . 
  the french far-right have been backpedaling like crazy ever since it was revealed he was gay . 
  it would be hilarious to see if it was n't such a serious matter . 
  13 % of french people and 18 % of spanish and italian people think that the eu is going in the right direction , let 's not change anything until the next elections then !, 
  yeah it 's crazy he 's talking about a hot issue in france at the moment . 
  and two days in a row too !, 
  macron has never been in charge of the ministry of finance though ... fake news, 
  when you support trump for too long , the word `` unhinged '' loses its meaning pretty quickly i guess . 
  yeah deregulate everything so that kicking us out of the eu should n't take too long . 
  who cares about isis when there is a race for the lowest corporate taxes within the eu , the posted workers issues , etc. 
  and you 're talking about union ?
