  however if your sl is completely incompetent it will suck . 
  or if he 's just piloting a jet the entire game , no members will be able to spawn on him ( although i suppose you could add a voting system so that you can change sl ) . 
  i 'm currently doing my basic military training at the regement where the swedish afghan force is being trained before they 're deployed , so i see these beasts rolling around pretty much every day . 
  i get as fascinated every time . 
  we do have the browning on them , though . 
  well i do n't know when we started using it , but we do have it now . 
  source : my own eyes and, 
  http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/bae_systems_omc_rg32m ( swedish page ), 
  there 's a viking bar in gamla stan ( old town ) called aifur which was pretty fun when i stumbled upon it a few weeks ago with my friends . 
  they had their own mead called `` husets legendariska '' . 
  it was really good . 
  kind of . 
  i 'm 20 now and i 'm currently doing my basic military training in sweden . 
  i 've always wanted to do military training , but 5 years ago it was a year of mandatory service , which i thought i would do and then that would be the end to it , and i 'd go to university or something . 
  today however it 's changed to a 3 month long basic training , and you 're expected to make a career in the military after it , which i most likely will . 
  that i would n't have thought 5 years ago . 
  48 hours without any sleep at all at a lan . 
  just got into a trance , not too bad . 
  was worse a couple of weeks ago during a field exercise in my basic military training i 'm currently doing in sweden . 
  5 days with about 6hrs sleep all together , of which about 15 minutes the last 36hrs . 
  what made it worse was that it was so much more physical , and lack of food and water . 
  but honestly it was n't that bad either . 
  you just kinda did what the officers told you to do and did n't think too much about being tired until you got home to the base . 
  i 'm 20 , just finished my training and was hired in the swedish armed forces , since it basically was my life goal . 
  so far it feels like there are much better goals in life than the military ... 
  but i 'll give it a few more shots before i decide anything . 
  get in a hot tub at a party with two very hot girls who were pretty much begging me to get in , after the hostess ( and their best friend ) had told me they were both interested in me . 
  my excuse was that i did n't have anything to wear , but i was just afraid and insecure about myself . 
  still am , and i 'll most likely never get that chance again, 
  it went bad last year of school because i was so tired of it ( swedish high school ) , my parents and older sisters were very disappointed in me but could n't help me because i refused to let them . 
  when they asked how i was ( they of course noticed i had changed , and talked to me ) , i just kept lying , saying everything was great . 
  the girl i truly loved and i started to drift apart because of how i started to act because all of this ( i became very needy and extremely jealous ) , and eventually she broke up with me . 
  i also drifted away from friends , and mostly just kept to myself on my room , and only met them to go out and drink , where i would get way to drunk for my own good ( only time i could feel happy ) . 
  it 's about two years ago it all started , and it went on that bad until i graduated from school . 
  after school was over it instantly got better . 
  i started to work out , spent more time with friends and family and got a nice job in a reception . 
  a couple of days ago i finished my military training where i got a lot of new very good friends , and i 'm now hired in the army and i feel pretty damn good at the moment . 
  however what i believe helped the most was exercise and * time * . 
  if you try to get better , time will help you . 
  i know it feels like time is the worst at the moment , since time is basically the thing you do n't want . 
  you just want it to be over . 
  but if you do n't give up , and give time a chance , time will help you . 
  especially if you have someone who cares , and i bet everyone of you have people who do . 
  emil is one of the most common male names in sweden . 
  one of the most beloved child characters by astrid lindgren ( i bet atleast some of you non-swedes know about her because of pippi long stockings ) , is emil of l\u00f6nneberga . 
  however in sweden it 's not pronounced like in france . 
  i do n't know how to explain how it 's pronounced in a good way though ... 
  i 'm in the swedish army . 
  at the moment , until i get an apartment , i live at the base with 8 other group members . 
  they 're all nice etc , but it 's very hard to get alone time , and sometimes some of them can be a bit too much . 
  and one of them is a complete retard . 
  another guy , who sleeps in the bed next to me , is snoring like a freaking 19th century locomotive . 
  he is doing it as we speak . 
  very annoying when trying to sleep . 
  also , extremely bad internet . 
  the mil ' is correct , but not the ayy . 
  i ca n't think of any english pronunciation that sounds like the e in emil . 
  basically like the first e in `` here '' . 
  `` he-mil '' without the h , if you get what i mean . 
  fuck sleep paralysis , man . 
  i had it once as well . 
  for me it was a completely black man-like figure standing next to my bed pressing on my chest so hard i could n't breath , nor scream . 
  all i could do was move my eyes , nothing else . 
  i had no idea what sleep paralysis was , and i was sure i was getting killed by some supernatural demon thing . 
  it was absolutely fucking terrifying . 
  weirdest part is that as soon as it was over , i just fell asleep again . 
  exactly the same for me . 
  i woke up , not being able to move anything except my eyes , and a completely black man/demon-like figure stood next to my bed pressing down on my chest so hard i could n't breath . 
  it 's scary how it is the same for so, 
  many . 
  of course . 
  thanks, 
  it 's obvious know that you 've said it . 
  thanks !, 
  damn this shit is cool, 
  i left the swedish army today after only finishing basic training to study history , even though they offered me a pretty good job as a royal guard . 
  i 'm hoping i wo n't regret it . 
  i do n't know if we actually swear an allegiance to our king , but honestly , for me it would n't be a problem . 
  i see our king as a national symbol , and an important tradition to remember our history . 
  if i were to become a royal guard i would n't hesitate to protect the royal family with my life , as they would be able to provide comfort to many people in my nation in a time of need , even though some others may not support their role in our society . 
  exactly, 
  unfortunately i ca n't find a better quality video , but [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phf9s2dfdmm ) is the scene in s9 that left me in in tears, 
  comment is removed . 
  what did he say ? 
  ice and snow in april is n't uncommon at all . 
  however , it can get very warm and nice in april as well . 
  weather in sweden is like a box of chocolate , you never know what you 're gon na get . 
  there will most likely be some restaurants and bars open tonight . 
  but tomorrow there will be a lot more activity if you 're still here . 
  since it 's wednesday ( we call it `` little saturday '' and a lot of people go out to party even if it 's just a regular wednesday ) * and * christmas day , basically all clubs and bars will be open late and a lot of people will be out having a good time . 
  some of them . 
  tell me about it . 
  i 've been laying hungover in my bed for the last 7 hours just waiting for death . 
  this picture may actually get me out of bed and make some food . 
  you are a lot of fun, 
  you are right , of course , that vikings no longer exists , i wo n't argue with that . 
  it 's just that your comment was written in such a pretentious way , even though you may not have meant it so . 
  it was the kind of comment that would bring silence to a joyful , not very serious , conversation with some people you just met at the bar . 
  oh man you 're so socially awesome, 
  radioactive material was spread over large parts of europe after the chernobyl disaster .
