  being taught false facts and believing it is n't the same as being ignorant . 
  get off your high elephant . 
  haha whatever dude . 
  it 's easy for you and others on this website to act like animal rights advocates after you saw an article on / r/todayilearned about the treatment of elephants in poor countries ' tourist attractions . 
  but calling people ignorant for not knowing that an animal that can weigh 100 the time of a human and has been used as a means for transportations for thousands of years , actually need to be * tortured * to become that submissive , is ridiculous . 
  anyway , obviously people are learning , as more and more of these businesses are either shutting down or changing their business so the elephants need not be ridden by the tourists . 
  / u/trollabot fhmange, 
  which one did they choose ? 
  ooh nice . 
  maybe it 's time to apply for the ffl , 
  favoriten \u00e4r \u00e4nd\u00e5 2014 : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2gkd4jrcqo, 
   bf1 which is just really dumbed down, 
  how so ? 
  ah , yeah , that make sense . 
  but i mean , you ca n't expect a ww1 game to have as much class and vehicle customization as a game about modern day military . 
  what bf1 might lack in that sort of content , i believe it make up for it in some sort of originality . 
  this is basically the first ever big ww1 fps game , and i think it 's fucking amazing . 
  i grew tired of the modern day fps games after that 's all that 's been released the last decade . 
  [ i knew i recognized this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebfjl0_bx5u ) . 
  i might be totally wrong , but iirc he was mad that the store was selling foreign beer and food brands after western countries had set up a trade blockade towards russia after they annexed crimea . 
  haha i feel so sorry for that guy , but at the same time it 's hilarious . 
  for anyone who missed it , first at 0:48 `` fuck , bees ! '', 
  and then at 1:52 `` fuck i 'm getting fucking stung by fucking bees ! '', 
  the cameraman says `` fucking trees '' after firing his m320 , a second after that another guy in the background yells out `` fuck , bees ! '' . 
  it sounds like the same guy is the one being stung a minute later . 
   rip to all the german women raped by soviet/russians . 
   rip to all the soviet/russian women raped by germans . 
  rip to all the people getting raped by people, 
  what happened in 2006 ? 
  i thought the same . 
  i guess he must have some sort of glove on him , but it 's hard to tell even when slowing the gif down . 
  dude got ta get his heel down tho, 
  so you do n't get your heel blown off by enemy fire, 
  first of all , his head is n't * always * going to be above his heels if he lay like that . 
  what is the first thing you 'd do if you were lying prone and suddenly bullets start whizzing a bit too close to your head ? 
  you press your head down as hard as you can to the ground . 
  same should go to your heels . 
  second , how the fuck do you position your legs if your head is going to absorb a bullet before it can hit your heel ? 
  you are doing that shit majorly wrong , dude . 
  you are supposed to lay something like this ol - < not like this 0l - = * to absorb recoil * . 
  third , if you are a 80kg male ( e : or female ofc  ) with +30 kg of equipment , you have more than enough weight to absorb the recoil of a standard 5.56 semi-automatic rifle , but even if that 's all you shoot you will still get chewed the fuck out by the instructor if your heel is up like that , not because of some recoil absorbation , but because your heel can get hit by a bullet . 
  do you think i 'm making this shit up ? 
  i 've been in the military , and i 've gotten enough kicks on my heel by instructors yelling `` your heel just got blown the fuck off ! '', 
  to never lay like that again if i go prone with a weapon . 
  you are not * wrong * in it being to absorb recoil , but if you 've ever been in the infantry you should know that the biggest reason for not lying like that , is because your heels can get hit and you 'll be incapacitated . 
  at first i also thought this was like some area between a parking lot and a mall or something , with the concrete `` blocks '' being benches ... 
  but if you look in the background of where he hit the kid , you can see a short rail really close to the ground . 
  looks a lot like the sort of rails built for skaters , so it probably is some sort of skate park . 
  yeah , while i 'm not american , i worked as a prison guard in sweden up until recently . 
  most of my collegues never wanted to become cops nor do they have any future plans for it . 
  they just see it as a job to pay the bills , like any other . 
  but there are of course those who did n't make it into the police academy so they settled as prison guards . 
  i 'm not totally sure either . 
  it sure does n't look like a regular skate park since there are no ramps or whatever . 
  what i see is what looks like a skate rail in the background , but i could be wrong . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a reference to the show it 's always sunny in philadelphia, 
  what are your views of the claims that there have been/are russian troops in crimea ? 
  most of the world were convinced from day 1 that russia was directly involved in the conflict both with soldiers and weapons/equipment , but russian officials denied it . 
  what was the opinion in russias general population ? 
  i barely played any bf4 . 
  how did it work ? 
  atleast i think this spawn system is a major improvement compared to bf3 . 
  that depends where in sweden you are . 
  i live in stockholm , ~ ~ which is predominantly left ~ ~ , and 6-8 years ago most of my friends would claim to be ( and probably was ) very anti sweden democrats . 
  today the majority of my male friends support them to some degree . 
  i come from an area with a lot more right-wing voters than is the norm in stockholm , though . 
  if you go to s\u00f6dermalm for example , you would n't find many that would say they support a decrease in immigration . 
  they would rather call you a racist for even thinking there are any other options than open borders . 
  edit : apparently i was wrong , stockholm is n't predominantly left . 
  thanks to / u/naimina for the statistics . 
  according to wikipedia , the total death toll since the start of the conflict is :, 
  pro-russian rebels : ~ 4,128, 
  ukrainian troops : 3,929, 
  civilians : 2,338, 
  damn , i was wrong . 
  my bad . 
  i seriously remembered the `` r\u00f6dgr\u00f6na '' ( left-wing parties ) to be the majority in stockholm . 
  next time i 'll check the facts before i speak from memory . 
  those are some interesting looking grenades, 
  `` i only do it so i can play with my friend who is low rank  '', 
  and if you smurf the 5 enemies wo n't have a good time . 
  sure , the only legit reason to smurf is to play with friends ( i was making a joke with my comment because everytime you 'd call someone out for smurfing that 's the reason they give , even if it 's obvious they do it because they think it 's fun to `` pwn nubs '' ) . 
  still , if you actually only smurf to play with friends , atleast * try * to even it out a bit . 
  if you 're a global with 3k hrs , maybe do n't buy an awp when playing with silver friends on your smurf . 
  buy a sawed-off or something . 
  he 's probably on skype with the guy he 's fooling , so he can say that he 's on the other side of town while in reality he changes appearance and attacks him , making him believe he is another person . 
  i 've seen this picture several times during the years , and while it has of course always made me sad , i 've never really given it much more thought than any other war footage . 
  after a while with today 's globalized news etc , stuff just gets kinda blurred . 
  i always assumed both were killed . 
  glad to hear one lived , hope he made a full recovery . 
  googled the name of the kia marine and ... [ `` vandergrift , pa. -- a north carolina marine killed in iraq this week was a great father who left behind ** four ** children , his mother said . 
  reality hits hard . 
  i know most people here have some love for the military and find combat footage interesting , me included , but we can probably all agree that * fuck fucking war , dude . 
  huh , there you go . 
  but i guess this is still the same sgt l. wells ? 
  even though he died from an explosion and not sniper fire ... 
  does it really matter ? 
  my comment still stands . 
  anyway , thanks for correcting me buddy , i obviously did n't read as much as i should 've before making a statement , even if the cause of death does n't really matter for me , but rather the consequence of it . 
  war is still fucked .
