  however fnatic was n't the only team who did it ... 
  they just got the most advantage from it . 
  look at / u/starkiecat 's comment and realize you 're wrong . 
  not everyone know it was against the rules . 
  just wanted to point it out . 
  well , this one was . 
  nip just got destroyed . 
  envy - g2 was still good . 
  ever been to a european football game ? 
  the atmosphere is fucking insane . 
  it 's fun for the whole family !, 
  pls . 
  silver 4 - global . 
  took me about a year and 1200hrs, 
  yes . 
  watch a couple of the bigger streams and you 'll notice they do it * constantly * . 
  they play for their viewers so they watch the chat/new subs/donation comments etc even when in the middle of a round all the time . 
  never seen before . 
  wtf . 
  that nade denying his ace was sweet af tho, 
  i do n't regularly watch warowl , but i 've heard he has some good videos on youtube to check out as a beginner, 
  [ swedish soldier in afghanistan ] ( https://i.imgur.com/gq67h6h.jpg ), 
  the canooks took it a bit further though, 
  plz, 
  silver 4 -  global . 
  took me ~ 1200hrs/330 wins, 
   30,000 over two years, 
  sweden took in 10 000 just last week . 
  that 's about one smaller town each month . 
  and we just keep letting them in . 
  rip my country , it was nice while it lasted . 
  norway/finland pls adopt me . 
  they do n't accept nearlt as many as sweden . 
  luckily atleast they have their senses left . 
  the swedish left is completely blind . 
  they * refuse * to see the negative consequences of an open border policy and instead keep encouraging them all to come here . 
  anyone who oppose this mass immigration is labeled a racist . 
  they have literally no sense of the reality of the situation for sweden . 
  there is no talking to them . 
  there is * no way * we can accept all these people and at the same time keep running a welfare state . 
  sweden will completely collapse if we keep it up . 
  but hey , maybe that 's for the best . 
  atleast other europeans can take lesson from sweden 's mistake . 
  many refugees has also been lied to of how their situation will be when they arrive to sweden . 
  some of them believe they will enter an utopia where they will be given an appartment and where there is a shortage of men so the women will literally throw themselves at them ( i 'm not kidding , the human traffickers tell these lies and some believe them ) . 
  when they instead arrive and realize they might have to spend the winter in tents or huge storage halls ( we 're out of housing for them ) there is no telling how they will react . 
  but atleast the opposition is rising . 
  maybe it 's not entirely too late . 
  that 's actually a brilliant idea . 
  what better way to assimilate someone into becoming a swede but forcing them to spend months in ikea ? 
  lol . 
  your republicans are likely more fascist than the sweden democrat party ( which is the anti-immigrant party that is gaining a lot of support in sweden ) , so do n't worry about that . 
  we are well passed 100k this year . 
  100k + is the average year , and this time it has obviously been a huge increase . 
  we do n't even have houses enough for the swedes here today , and we do n't have enough jobs for thousands of new adults , many without any high education . 
  many suburbs are already 90 % immigrants , where the 2nd generation feel ill-treated and that no one care about them so there is a lot of criminality from young ages . 
  murders , shootings , grenade attacks . 
  emergency services wo n't enter some areas without police escort , and for a while fedex would n't go to certain areas because it was deemed too dangerous . 
  we obviously could n't handle it even as it was before this refugee crisis . 
  but you seem to know the answer so please call the swedish government and tell them . 
  you mean the sweden democrats ( sd ) . 
  the social democrats ( s ) is the party that won the last election and currently `` leading the nation '' or however you say in english ( along with the green party and the left party ) . 
  the thing about sd is that their history is unfortunatly fucked up . 
  they started in the 80 's as an extreme-right party , with neo-nazi followers . 
  they have gone through several reforms since then , and if you read their party program today it would probably barely look any different than the democrats in us . 
  more anti-islam , i guess . 
  sd have skyrocked since 2006 . 
  no party has ever gained so many voters in so little time in sweden , in some researches this autumn ( `` how would you vote today ? '' ), 
  sd became the largest party , and 10 years ago they were n't even in the parliament . 
  obviously people are upset about something . 
  another thing about sd is that they 're far from the ultimate solution . 
  they are * far * from a perfect party , especially with their dirty history , but they are the * only * party in sweden that takes a stand against mass immigration , which a lot of swedes are growing more and more tired of . 
  the swedish left however is also fucked up and if you are at all against this mass-immigration you are labeled a racist . 
  it obviously differs . 
  i mean , it 's their ideology that borders should be abolished and people should be allowed to go wherever they please and do whatever they want , basically . 
  the problem is that this does n't work in a welfare state . 
  we ca n't accept countless people that we do n't have work or houses for . 
  wether they see it and do n't think it weighs as important , or if they literally do n't understand the consequenses differs , but the result is all the same . 
  for me that they `` refuse to see it '' was more like a figure of speech that they do n't want to change the open border policy . 
  why is what happening ? 
  the mass immigration ? 
  war , poverty , hope for a brighter future . 
  i mean , this shit is sad . 
  does n't mean sweden can handle it , though . 
  many who come here feel extremely let down as well , as they heard it would be some kind of paradise - and instead they may have to live in tents during a long and dark winter . 
  oh i absolutely see the positive sides of open borders , but only when it 's still restricted - like schengen . 
  that does n't mean that * anyone * from * anywhere * should be able to enter our country with literally no background check . 
  open borders like in schengen has worked because it was a deal between members of the eu , but even there it has it 's backsides as it makes it a lot easier for criminals , and even terrorists , to go between countries without being stopped and checked . 
  plain open borders with no restriction is absolutely bad in my opinion . 
  anyone can enter , and go whever they please without us even knowing they 're in the country . 
  open borders work in a perfect world , but we obviously do n't live in it . 
  edit : schengen + european nations not caring about the dublin regulation has resulted in hundreds of thousands undocumented people from wartorn countries being able to go almost where they want . 
  i 'm all for europe to show solidarity and help these people , but our open border policies has really fucked things up for us . 
  maybe if you guys stopped fucking about in the middle east and then not wanting to help carry the resulting burden , europe would n't be in this mess . 
  also , did you read the rest of my comment ? 
  todays ' sd is literally nothing like it was 30 years ago . 
  and they were also * nothing * before they did all these reforms . 
  they were a fucking speck of dust , no one voted for them . 
  now they 're like your democrats . 
  absolutely .
