  ah , yes , might be greek aswell . 
  it 's very hard to tell though since many cities and towns around europe had structures looking like those from the antique italy and greece . 
  but my guess is either italy or greece . 
  actually you should be real happy this was the deal . 
  hair in the anus keep your buttcheeks seperates and thus make it `` cool '' down there . 
  try shaving it , it will itch like it has never itched before , and you will start sweating like a pig . 
  it 's like if hell were to open their gates down in your pants . 
  ... a friend told me . 
  well , try shave your ass and you 'll see for yourself . 
  but i suppose as with everything you and your body will get used to it . 
  the first time i shaved my balls they too started itch like there was a fucking leprecon with a feather down there , but after a few weeks it was all fine and dandy and i actually prefer shaved balls now . 
  oh , it is . 
  also , i do n't know if you have any problems with this , but sometimes my hairs got stuck in my pants / underwears and it would hurt as hell . 
  plus , you know , they get really nice and soft . 
  yeah ... 
  i can totally see the resemblance . 
  thank you . 
  it was a terrible experience . 
  i heard . 
  atleast we have a functual [ language ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  i hope he 'll come home , sit down , open reddit , see this . 
  hehe . 
  / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  what 's his story ? 
  glad he 's fine by the way . 
  great !, 
  wish him the best of luck from us all . 
  i 'm not american and i glorify no military culture . 
  however , i do feel happy whenever a young man who has been fighting for good ( yes , i believe fighting the talibans is fighting for good ) comes home alive . 
  he is putting his life in grave danger to atleast * try * to make life better for the afghan civilians , and according to me , you can atleast show him respect for it . 
  anyway , no one is forcing you to show your outmost respect and deference to op 's brother , and if you do n't want to do it then do n't . 
  but to be honest i feel that if this is the case you could keep it to yourself . 
  actually , no, 
  if you link from funnyjunk they just send you to their frontpage , so i ca n't see the picture . 
  shit site . 
  if i venture through an entire castle filled with dead and living beings trying to kill me , to get the axe , i feel that i atleast deserve 14 gold for my effort . 
  english is not my first language, 
  english is not my first language, 
  wow , i did n't insult you either . 
  i 'm glad you corrected me , thank, 
  you , i just wanted to explain why i misspelled it . 
  i never wanted to, 
  offend you my friend . 
  i apologize if you felt that way, 
  i actually just started again after about a year . 
  figured i 'd try mop out . 
  so i played through karazhan yesterday for fun and that 's when i noticed this, 
  '' / r/gaming is related to * anything * gaming related '', 
  14 gold has never really been a lot of money . 
  i too have played since vanilla wow . 
  you would be happy if someone gave you 14 gold , but it still was n't much . 
  i reached 60 just a few days before tbc was released so i was still poor , but most of my friends had at least a few hundred gold . 
  but you were supposed to stay dead !, 
  thank you for pointing it out . 
  english is n't my first language, 
  yeah basically every man/boy over the age of 12 who could carry a rifle was forced to fight for the reich . 
  is it too late now ? 
  too bad that is ( probably ) not linked to any historical event , otherwise it would make a great post here . 
  great picture . 
  jeez , i do n't even understand what 's so wrong about my comment . 
  i believe you know what i meant . 
  no need for being a dick . 
  of course it was, 
  yes . 
  america has n't killed * that * many civies in afghanistan . 
  just some fucked up drone strikes and other `` unfortunate mistakes '' . 
  iraq ? 
  if it had n't been for america attacking iraq post 9/11 ( which has no logic whatsoever , seriously what the fuck ) , not even * close * of as many innocent iraqi civilians would be dead today . 
  how many of them who fell for american bullets does n't really matter . 
  it 's still americas fault that iraq is the iraq it is today . 
  sure , you took down an evil dictator , but i ca n't say the country has evolved much , huh ? 
  no , it 's much worse today and you all know it . 
  and what has been the price ? 
  hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths , and a country turned upside down . 
  a friend of my family is working at the swedish embassy in iraq and according to him people are not happy at all . 
  we shall see how well iraq will manage . 
  i believe [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl9xolpwi0i ) is the song op is talking about . 
  for you who do n't know . 
  yeah you 're probably right, 
  damn , guys , this picture has been reposted * everywhere * for the last six years . 
  will you never grow tired of it ? 
  at first i thought the same thing , but then i realized that the same thing happened to me . 
  my grandparents had given me an envelope with $ 200 one christmas , and i put it in one of the drawers my room that i very rarely put things in . 
  then i forgot about it for about seven months until my girlfriend at the time found them , while she was looking for a charger to her phone . 
  it was a good feeling . 
  two times . 
  first time , about a year ago , i was walking home at night ( sober ) through a park , when i met two guys . 
  without saying anything they just punched me , and then told me to give them whatever i had . 
  unfortunately for them i only had a cheap wallet with $ 25 cash , and a really old nokia . 
  they actually just looked at my phone and said `` what the hell is this ? '', 
  and let me keep it , which was a bit funny when i think about it . 
  lost the cash though . 
  second time was in january this year . 
  was pretty wasted , on my way home from the bar , when five guys surrounded me on an empty street and just stuck their hands down all my pockets and stripped me on my wallet and my newly bought iphone . 
  this , even though i was n't physically hurt , was more intimidating than the first time , since they were five pretty big guys surrounding me and looking at me in a way like `` we will beat the shit ouf you if you try anything '', 
  police caught none of them . 
  i ca n't say this has traumatized me in any way actually . 
  i go out at night just as often - and keep walking alone through parks * too * often . 
  i 'm a 19-year-old male , avarage hight etc. 
  nothing particulary intimidating for robbers .
