  here in sweden , mushrooms and berries in the forests were inedible for several years because of radioactive ~ ~ downfall ~ ~ fallout from chernobyl . 
  as a european with little to no knowledge of this game : i thought that if one team drops the ball and it touches the ground , it goes to the other team ? 
  it exists . 
  pretty rare though . 
  electro, 
  ah , i thought he was refering to the picture i linked , not schools in general . 
  is n't it legal to be in possession of small amounts of weed in norway ( but illegal to use it ) ? 
  in that case you 're already a step ahead of us . 
  only thing ; in part ii , no way it should sound that much when walking on grass/dirt . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  you 're basically noiseless when walking on grass/dirt , whatever shoes you 're wearing . 
  i guess that they reduce the price ? 
  $ 2.50 for a jameson on the rocks must be extremely cheap wherever you live . 
  where i 'm from the standard price for a jameson on the rocks is atleast like $ 15 ( and that 's for 6cl , however much that is in the american system ), 
  i 've been snusing for almost 7 years now , since i was 14 ( dumb i know , peer pressure when i was a kid ) , and so have many of my friends . 
  no one of us has had any problem whatsoever , neither have i ever heard of any youth in sweden that have had any troubles ( a lot of youths start snusing at a young age here ) . 
  i wo n't say you should continue to snus , since it still is n't * good * for you , and it will cost you money . 
  all i 'll say is that you do n't really have to worry about gums etc. 
  would n't surprise me if nasal snuff does more harm to your nose than snus does to your gums . 
  edit : grammar, 
  oh , if you do n't use more and it 's that cheap i guess it 's no problem , 
  welcome to sweden and our awesome alcohol taxes . 
  a shot ( 6cl ) costs 50 % of what the whole bottle ( 70cl ) costs at the store . 
  there are eu servers that 's been around since early vanilla that are ghost towns today . 
  the server i spent my first couple of years on , where i reached 60 with my first character , and then 70 after tbc was released , once pulsating with life and guilds , is now pretty much a cemetary . 
  it is , as you said , truly depressing , to go back to a server where you have had so many memories , and find out that none of the great guilds that once raided , and you dreamt about one day being skilled enough to join , or the friends you made doing quests and dungeons longer exists , and you can spend * hours * in one of the capitals without seeing any sign of life . 
  sure , but that 's also very boring . 
  i miss the times when people actually cared about the server they were on , and what was going on on it . 
  everyone knew which players and guilds where the best , and those guilds were always competing with each other . 
  today no one knows , or gives a shit , about which guilds would be the best , because it does n't matter who has killed the hardest boss when everyone will be able to do it so easily ( but on another difficulty ) . 
  only like 1-5 % or so of all level 60 's actually managed to defeat kel ` thuzad in old naxxramas , and therefore , the guilds that managed to do so on your server became well known , and if you saw someone who was a member of one of those few guilds you respected that player immensly . 
  the dogs chase a `` hare '' , it 's like a toy , in greyhound racing . 
  like any dogs who chase anything they will start fighting over it when they eventually catch it . 
  cheddar bob 's at it again, 
  nobody uses dl ? 
  where i live everyone uses dl . 
  dl is the bomb , yo . 
  sweden, 
  it actually almost is . 
  he 's telling him to go there and do his goddamn push-ups if it so kills him . 
  what , you 're not given gloves in your countries army basic training ? 
  in another comment the poster wrote about `` those who chose to stay onboard '' . 
  maybe some people fled the sinking ship with life boats , and one of them carried the camera with him . 
  i have no evidence of that , though . 
  kaliber is nothing special . 
  it 's basically a budget snus without much taste , but it does the trick . 
  does anyone have a mirror ? 
  the video is removed . 
  which today i 'm sure basically everyone in sweden is very grateful for . 
  makes a lot easier when traveling in most parts of the world . 
  this is kungsgatan in stockholm . 
  i 'm not sure why the flag is there . 
  yeah the game has its flaws at the moment , as it 's early alpha , but this rant is pretty ridiculous . 
  if you get killed that easily you obviously do n't play cautiously enough . 
  i can spend hours in the large cities without being killed because i look down the street before i cross it . 
  i 'd say its * hard * to get killed when running from one place to another , because as long as you stay off the road , chances are extremely small you 'll run into anyone . 
  getting loot is supposed to be hard . 
  that 's what this game is all about , surviving in a post apocalyptic world . 
  finding food wo n't be easy since it 's all spoiled years after the breakout . 
  but it 's still not close to as hard as you describe it . 
  all villages have wells , where you can drink water without getting sick . 
  drink til you 're full and you can run across the entire map before having to do it again . 
  there are so many remote villages scattered across the map that are basically untouched by survivors where you will find tons of loot . 
  food , meds , clothes , all different kind of equipment really . 
  getting basic gear never takes more than an hour max , and during that time you 've already made it pretty far north . 
  after that , when you want your military grade gear , is when it gets more dangerous . 
  when you want to enter the airfields , military bases and cities for the barracks and police stations , those are the times you are in actual danger of getting killed by other players . 
  but if you are just cautious and patient there should be no problem . 
  other players are almost never any danger in this game if you do n't let them be . 
  you can survive weeks without ever running into one if you just play your cards right . 
  however you are right that these kinds of interactions are rare . 
  often when you do bump into other players they will be hostile and shoot on sight if they feel like they can win , even before giving you a chance to show you 're friendly . 
  it is boring , but i also think it 's part of the game . 
  without the bandits this game would have little to none excitement as it is right now . 
  but yeah in general people tend to bandit too much . 
  uh , so many parts of the world drive on the right . 
  you 're very pessimistic to think none of them are worth going to . 
  i was in thailand on vacation on the five year anniversary of the tsunami . 
  thousands of people gathered at a place where a police boat had been washed several kilometers upland , and released tens of thousands of these lanterns . 
  it was really cool . 
  pretty dangerous though because some of the lanterns are broken which cause them to drip boiling oil as they rise over the mass of people . 
  pretty sure some people got burnt . 
  in the swedish army we call it a `` stridskamrat '' which would be * combat companion * or * combat comrade * . 
  both options sound hell of a lot better than battle buddy in my opinion . 
  it 's like in sweden then . 
  you have your group of about 8 people , and in that group there would then be four `` stridspar '' ( combat pair ) , and those in the combat pairs are each others combat comrades/companions . 
  typically who you will share foxholes and rations with , go on patroles , guard road barriers with , ask for snus etc etc. 
  probably pretty much the same all over the world . 
  my cousins son is named titus . 
  never thought i 'd hear of someone else with that name to be honest, 
  [ here 's another photo taken at the same time ] ( http://imgur.com/qtinqdr ), 
  the fear in the girls eyes is heatbreaking . 
  it 's fortunate that the toddler atleast ca n't understand what 's really going on, 
  s\u00e5g precis en video p\u00e5 livgardets facebooksida p\u00e5 er ha exercis i korridoren haha . 
  you 're wrong in a lot of what you say in this comment . 
  he got shot by a makarov , in the dayz mod that 's like getting shot by a bb gun . 
  it does so little damage it 's ridiculous , and absolutely does not always make you start bleeding . 
  when this video was made , the meters worked in a different way then they do today . 
  your blood , for instance , would go from green to orange , then red , when you lose a lot of blood , it did n't work like it do today . 
  and getting shot by a makarov does so little damage your blood will remain green if shot only once or twice .
