  swedish anti-terrorist police raised the threat level from 3 to 4 ( 5 is highest ) today for the first time in modern swedish history - saying there is an imminent and concrete terrorist threat against sweden at the moment . 
  i just hold my thumbs they 'll be able to stop it - but as they said in france , we just got ta keep going and not let them scare us to change our way of life . 
  i love our welfare . 
  that 's why i want to perserve it . 
  welfare make life more fair for people brought up in poor conditions , and even if i would love to share it with all of the world , that 's not how reality works . 
  ya cause that 's appliable to the 21st centuary and 2015s refugee crisis . 
  well ... not all anti-immigration are racist , but all racists are anti-immigration , 
  yeah , would n't you rather that we send you a bunch of money so you can actually take care of them ? 
  for every refugee in sweden , we could 've taken care of dozens in lebanon . 
  also , if a neighbouring country is attacked , i would expect massive floods of refugees and that would n't be a problem , it 's much more understandable . 
  the refugees that come all the way to sweden have gone through * several * peaceful nations on their way here where they could 've applied for asylum in the first place ... 
  but instead they make it all the way to sweden because we are the most generous host , and they know it . 
  now , i 'm not saying sweden should n't take refugees , we definetly should . 
  but it 's ridiculous how many are coming to sweden claiming they flee from war when they 've gone through so many countries in peace already . 
  and then we spend these huge amounts of money on them that instead could 've been spent so much more efficiently amongst the worlds refugees that need it so much more ... like those in your country . 
  it was a joke . 
  i thought the `` pls adopt me '' would be sufficient enough to reveal it was n't serious , but i guess not . 
  are you talking about sd ? 
  sd absolutely has flaws , but i 've never heard them say either of those two things you brought up . 
  is it , though ? 
  to cope with the huge wave of refugees we take in , we take from the money that otherwise would 've gone to humanitarian aid and helped * a lot * more people . 
   seems like a humanitarian thing to help out some of the most unfortunate on the planet . 
  absolutely . 
  and they are not the ones who come to sweden . 
  cheaper production how ? 
  where are the shit jobs you are talking about that swedes do n't want ? 
  swedish youth go to norway to work at fast food restaurants or clean fish , because there are n't enough shit jobs to go around in sweden . 
  i think you are missing who a lot of the refugees that come to sweden are . 
  many are the ones who lived in middle class or better back in their home country , they are the ones who could afford to come here . 
  they 're not gon na do any shit jobs . 
  many are already complaining that their accamodations are not nice enough , or their food ( same food we feed our kids in school basically ) , some have even complained that they have to clean their own accamodations . 
  they do n't want shit jobs more than the average swede . 
  the only way for this to work in an economic motive , is if you want sweden to fuck the welfare and enter into a complete capitalist state instead . 
  i do n't want that , and i 'm sure most swedes do n't either . 
  the only thing that explains sweden 's current attitude is that the left and liberals in this country get high on their own smug when they get to feel humanistically superior . 
  nah man , that 's a myth . 
  we are n't even top 50 . 
  do n't get me wrong , obviously these people have had their world turned upside down in a way i ca n't even fathom . 
  my point is that the refugees that have made it all the way from syria to sweden has gone through * several * peaceful nations on their way here where they could 've applied for asylum - but they knew they 'd get the most money and best accommodation in sweden . 
  when they got here , a lot of them was still not satysfied . 
  there have been several instances when refugees have occupied the buses that take them to their accommodations , because they did not feel the house was nice enough ( too far from a city centre , no internet , old tv has been some of the reasons ) . 
  others have complained they get bad food and started hungre strikes , and they get the same standard on food that our school children do . 
  there has even been instances where they complain they have to clean their own toilettes , that no one does it for them . 
  at the same time , millions of people live in slums , people die of starvation , unsanitary conditions and not having clean water . 
  their own countrymen , if they have been able to flee the country , are forced to live in camps that are since long way past capacity . 
  that 's why these people are not the most unfortunate on the planet . 
  those who came to sweden are extremely well off , and some still have the gut to complain when we give them all this for free . 
  spending money on humanitarian aid would help * millions * more than those who come to sweden . 
  16 % of swedes in 2014 were born abroad . 
  count second generation immigrants ( is that what you meant by `` first generation citizens '' ? ), 
  and you can double that percent . 
  also , `` millions of immigrants '' is a pretty loose statement . 
  how many millions ? 
  three ? 
  thirty ? 
  am i not ? 
  i have already brought that up in atleast three other answers to people who have commented on my comment . 
  the refugees that come to sweden has already been through * several * peaceful nations . 
  is greece in war ? 
  is there an armed conflict going on in hungary i have n't heard about ? 
  civil war in italy ? 
  the second they decided that they are not gon na seek asylum in the first european nation they entered , they stopped being refugees . 
  they are no longer fleeing war , they are just looking for the nation where they will get the most money and best accammodations . 
  i do n't blame them , obviously . 
  anyone in the same situation who * can * choose , would do it . 
  it 's my governments fault , completely . 
  this is n't bullshitting . 
  there are several interviews with refugees where they straight out say it `` we want to go to sweden because they will give us the most money '' . 
  they 're economic refugees , do n't pretend it 's about anything else . 
  anyway , today the swedish migration agency went out and said `` we ca n't give them roof over their heads anymore , the task is impossible '' . 
  hopefully this will reach the refugees in southern europe so they stay in warmer countries during the winter , because here they will sleep on the streets , or tents at best , during a long and cold winter . 
  i do n't understand how you mean this could make swedes want even more immigrants ? 
  i mean , is n't what you bring up here just proving that we are `` importing '' a much larger lower class , and greatly increasing the class differences ? 
  that 's a lot of millions . 
  but sweden is a welfare state , and we could never continue to be one if we keep up these immigrant/refugee politics . 
  ah , then i understand your point . 
  sd ( sverigedemokraterna / sweden democrats ) is the right-wing party in the swedish parliament that are gaining a lot of support right now . 
  they are an outspoken nationalistic conservative party , but not extreme ( i mean , there are bad eggs at regional levels that do n't have any real power ) . 
  their politics probably is n't any worse or much different than the us democrats , and the republicans are definitely worse . 
   also , `` they will give us the most money '' does n't make them economic migrants any more than `` they will have the best food '' makes them culinary migrants . 
  yeah , that 's not really the same . 
  economic reasons is not a reason that give you fugitive status . 
  neither is starvation or unemployment . 
  so , when they decide to leave the first european country they enter , where they are * required by law * ( dublin regulation unless you knew ) to apply for asylum , but instead head for sweden because they want money - they * are * economic migrants . 
  we do n't treat them like economic migrants , we still treat them as refugees , but they are n't . 
  the second they enter europe they are safe . 
  there is no war to flee from anymore . 
  the second they decide that they want to go to the country where they will get more money , they are economic migrants . 
  how can you argue for anything else ? 
  stop being so goddamn naive . 
  it 's fun that you bring up my government , as our prime minister went out today and said `` we have been naive '' . 
  the only argument they bring up when they are confronted with the migration/refugee question is `` humanitarian '' . 
  they literally have nothing else to say . 
  if they do , they get shut down and proven wrong . 
  do you actually believe they can handle it ? 
  and can you please fucking stop with the `` hurr durr childlike `` understanding '' '' it 's a real bore and only make you look like a dick . 
  watch warowl on youtube to learn som basics . 
  do n't care when your teammates are toxic , because you will run into toxic people . 
  everyone was new at some point . 
  0:31 thought pala had snuck on the bus as well at first glance,
