  anyway i have never really used that stuff , i only tried it a few times when i was offered it by friends . 
  edit : a real downside with using this stuff is that if you were to do it in public a lot of people probably will assume that you use some sort of illegal drugs since snuff is very uncommon basically everywhere . 
  that 's not even your dog . 
  this exact picture was posted and ended up on the front page about a week ago , with a title that was something like `` my friend told me drawing eyebrows on the dog makes everything it does funny '' . 
  i believe that if those affected by this fire feels better by praying , they should , and if they personally were to ask me to pray with them , even though i am an atheist , i would keep my mouth shut about it and pray for their sake . 
  but us saying a prayer in our homes wont help them at all . 
  yeah , he 's an actor . 
  he acts in movies and series . 
  are you surprised ? 
  sorry , i meant great grandfather . 
  english is n't my first language as you might 've guessed . 
  wait , i thought you said you were 22 years old ? 
  is it possible to join the us army at the age of 16 ? 
  man , now you ruined everything ... 
  i wonder what was going through his mind when the photo was taken ... 
  would be great if all armed forces fought each other this way, 
  well . 
  basically both nations had boats patrolling the coast of lebanon a couple of years back . 
  and as sweden and norway are neighbours with pretty strong bonds ( we 're like siblings ) , we always pull pranks on eachother when we can . 
  even the army when in conflict zones . 
  so this is just sweden and norway joking with eachother . 
  haha yeah . 
  i like the laugh at [ 1:22 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=byfmz_wuqxi#t=81s ) aswell . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  where do you find all these ? 
  i see you like three times a day with really cool pictures . 
  i feel ya, 
  aka ` magic bullet ' . 
  it 's nothing else than a ping issue . 
  exists in all fps games . 
  okay that 's true . 
  it never happens to me in cs 1.6 ... 
  i correct myself :, 
  it exists in basically all fps games released since 2007 ~, 
  `` i was friends with zezima before he was cool . '', 
  lost my grandad today aswell . 
  he never served in any war but he was still a hero to me . 
  i 'm surprised there is no sort of cage up there so you ca n't jump . 
  feels like it would be a popular place for people who likes to get attention when comitting suicide . 
  i actually saw him in two movies last week . 
  the last legion from 2007 , and rocknrolla from 2008 . 
  edit : my point is , his beginning was not in the grey from 2011 . 
  i 'm so going to new zealand on my next big trip . 
  edit : wait , what about sharks ? 
  this is the first one of these kind of pictures i actually enjoyed . 
  now i 'm only 19 so i did n't really do any gaming before the `` cheat websites '' started coming on the internet - but i remember my gamer older cousin always wrote down his favourite cheats on like 10 different notes and placed all around the house so he never could lose them . 
  some of them stayed in their place until he moved away from home , even though he had n't used them fore years . 
  i 'm just gon na go find a donkey then . 
  i guess you 've already thought about this , but if not , bring warm clothes - you never know about swedish weather . 
  it can get really chilly even during our summers . 
  especially at night . 
  ouch, 
  i 've seen a lot of these lately . 
  my question is , why does so many non-scandinavians watch movies with scandinavian subtitles ? 
  [ johnny cash - ai n't no grave ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66qcilbli1u ), 
  i like your username . 
  the picture is cool aswell . 
  it actually took me about 25 minutes to come my first time , because i was so nervous . 
  that and it was n't great sex either ... 
  i honestly do n't care that much if this is taken from 9gag . 
  what bothers me is that i 've seen this picture atleast ten times on reddit the last month , always with a decent amount of upvotes . 
  not all redditors are american you know, 
   the american way to make a sandwich !, 
  ftfy, 
  kan vi inte bara ignorera dem och k\u00f6ra business as usual ? 
  i thought it was n't even possible to downvote on gonewild, 
  so , visiting 9gag is what * gives you karma * these days . 
  terrible . 
  i was way to young . 
  my absolute first kiss was at kindergarten , but i ussually do n't count it because i was like five . 
  the next one was when i was around 10 and it was just as bad . 
  that 's the dumbest shit i 've read so far today, 
  drinking . 
  and so it shall be . 
  this was amazingly unfunny, 
  wow, 
  could also be translated as `` vintern nalkas '' . 
  choose which you prefer, 
  unfortunatly i do n't have a picture of it , but last winter it got so cold where i live that my friends street got covered by around 50 birds who had just dropped dead from the trees . 
  it looked like a scene from a doomsday movie . 
  there it is !, 
  men icke . 
  men k\u00f6r p\u00e5 . 
  all women do this . 
  the tricky part is to get them to say * why * they are upset . 
  jesus ladies , either you talk about it , or you do n't say anything at all . 
  actually i 'd say tuck is the english word which sounds the most like `` tack '' in rikssvenska . 
  about 6-7 years ago the price of a ticket was only half of what it is today ( it was 10kr back then ) . 
  and still sl often manage to fuck up during winter , resulting in extreme delayes . 
  i remember the winters of 2009/2010 and 2010/2011 my high school was nearly empty some days , because no one who had to rely on the t-bana was able to get to school . 
  i know this does n't have anything to do with the thread - i just wanted to give you a heads-up that you ca n't always trust sl during winter times . 
  edit : maybe if people would n't skip paying the ticketd sl would be able to manage the winters ... 
  this is a challenge for shitty_watercolour, 
  for how long did the conversation continue ? 
  i 'm sorry to say your link does n't go anywhere . 
  there we go, 
  another [ photo ] ( http://imgur.com/jh2jn ) taken roughly at the same time . 
  this time with an american soldier , holding a grenade launcher , in the centre of the photo . 
  the structures look italian , but i could be wrong . 
  man , this made me wan na take a walk in a forest early in the morning before the fog and dew is gone , listening to old scandinavian folk songs or something .
