  and then you go and do just that . 
  and your response to that is to sink to the same level ? 
  great job , dude . 
  you showed them . 
  you missed the rock ... that was the funny part . 
  both extreme right and extreme left is fucking stupid . 
  what on earth have i said about your countries politics ? 
  extremists on both sides being stupid is n't exclusively american , it 's pretty much universal . 
  i was worried he was going to rush me , as i had used my two shots . 
  plus , i assumed that one hit with the 1911 would be enough to kill him , but obviously i was wrong . 
  even with a level 3 vest you should n't be able to survive all that , and i 'm pretty sure he just had a level 2 . 
  i 'm 100 % sure i was on eu . 
  but yeah , i know . 
  it 's annoying as shit having to change back to your own servers and game mode after every game . 
  i 've accidentally joined as tpp several times , when eu fpp is what i play ... 
  they 've said the fix is coming with the next patch tho , but i do n't understand why they do n't just hotfix it . 
  it ca n't be that hard . 
  and the game after that you shoot someone with t1 armor 9 times with an m416 and they just brush it off . 
  explain [ this !, 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/thwrjuo.jpg ) still magic . 
  i saw a movie a long time ago which i remember liking very much for a strange reason since it was pretty weird . 
  i only remember a very few things about it but if you could help me find it i 'd be very grateful . 
  what i remember is the following :, 
  it 's during some kind of medieval age , but not historically correct ( it 's fantasy ) . 
  if i remember correctly it starts with a man and his wife who lives in a small village who finds a newborn baby floating down a river in a basket , they take care of this baby who then becomes the, 
  main character as he grows up . 
  the village then gets attacked by some, 
  sorts of wolf or something . 
  they then have to go out and fight the empire or, 
  something like that , am there are like two very very small, 
  men ( the size of a hand ) who helps them . 
  then there is a scene where they are at a crossroad and there is a man ( deserter i think ) who hangs in one of these cages hanging from a rope of you know what i mean ( i 'm swedish so my english ai n't great ) . 
  they talk to him to find out where the enemy 's are at i believe and gives him food and water or something . 
  eventually they get to a fort where they barricade themselves before the final battle . 
  i do n't remember more than that they have like a `` spear-catapult ) which shoots several spears after each other , and they fight enemies which looks like wolfs ... and trolls . 
  or something . 
  the movie is probably at least thirty years old . 
  i know this is basically nothing to go on but it 's all i can remember and i 'd really like to find it . 
  just post anything you might think could, 
  be it . 
  thanks, 
  i thought i would share you a story this guy i met at the party the other night told me about a guy he know when we was out for a smoke ... 
  i ca n't guarantee it 's not made up , but it sure did scare me . 
  a guy named samuel was home alone last winter when his parents had decided to go on a trip abroad , but samuel decided to stay at home due to school . 
  he apparently lived in a fairly big villa in a suburb outside of stockholm , and we all know being alone in a villa is n't always so fun . 
  especially during the swedish winter when it 's pitch black 18 hours a day , and due to the cold the price for electricity is sky high which force us to have the lights off basically everywhere in the house except the room we are in at the moment . 
  anyway , samuel had thrown a party the night before and some people had slept at his house when it was over . 
  they had all gone though , when he woke up in the morning , and he noticed the front door had been left unlocked when the last guy left the house . 
  he went through every room in the house to make sure there were no one left , and of course to clean up from the night before . 
  there was no one left in the house . 
  later that night samuel stayed up late at his computer , playing games and talking to a friend over skype . 
  he had at several occations complained to his friend about hearing noises from other rooms when he was going to the toilet etc , but they both just thought he was being paranoid about being home alone in a dark house . 
  at about 3 am samuel decided to go to bed , and said good night to his friend . 
  this is the second last thing samuel remembers before waking up at the hospital three days later . 
  the last thing he remembers is the reflection on his screen as it turns black , of a man standing behind him . 
  sorry if the title is confusing , i did n't really know how to put it in a good way . 
  to show what i mean i will use some swedish examples . 
  these are common swedish names , but at the same time are they words used every day :, 
  bj\u00f6rn - `` bear '' , male name . 
  sten - `` stone '' , male name . 
  stig - `` path '' , male name . 
  as a swede i do n't think about this being weird since i 've grown up with people around me having these names - but when i think about it , i ca n't figure out a single , common , english name that is also a common word . 
  so , reddit , are there any common names in your country that are also an everyday word ? 
  edit : axel is also a name many swedish boys have , and it means `` shoulder '' in swedish . 
  however i do n't think this name origins from sweden so i guess it does n't really count . 
  sorry if there 's been another post about it , but i hav n't seen one . 
  in my opinion i think co-op can be really fun to play with friends - and i 'd love to see more missions than we got in bf3 . 
  hello . 
  i played a lot of rs 2004 - early 2006 , and while i still thought it was fun , all my friends switched to wow , and so did i. 
  i read that old school rs is based on how it was in august 2007 , so my question is ; does anyone remember if rs was very different in early 2006 compared to august 2007 ( or old school rs ) ? 
  because i 'd very much like to experience `` my '' old school rs , and i 'm afraid that the one available is n't that close . 
  so , i 've played this game since 2006 , but i still create new characters now and then , and inevitable i sometimes get ganked . 
  now , i do n't care about that , i know what i get myself in on when i play on pvp servers . 
  however , i do n't understand why you should get resurrection cd when someone 10 + levels higher than you keeps ganking you . 
  it does n't make any sense that you should be punished for getting killed by someone you have no chance defeating . 
  am i the only one who think it 's a bit unfair ? 
  or have i in my years of playing missed some vital point about the ress cd ? 
  var ? 
  i * hate * the current spawn protection mechanism in bf3 . 
  i agree it should apply if you spawn in a base , but if you spawn on a squad member or radio beacon , there should be none . 
  spawning in the middle of a battle * should * be dangerous . 
  way too many times have i died because someone spawns infront of their squad member that i just started shooting , absorb all my bullets and have all the time in the world to just aim at my head and fire , before i can do anything about it . 
  if you 're afraid of dying when you spawn on a squad member , do n't do it . 
  spawn in a base . 
  it 's ridiculous to be able to spawn right in a firefight and me immortal for a couple of seconds . 
  tl ; dr : spawn protection should in my opinion only apply when you spawn in bases , not squad members . 
  edit : or atleast make it so that when you spawn with protection on squad members , you should not be able to shoot nor aim down you sight until the time is up . 
  hey . 
  ca n't find any other thread that has helped me . 
  so , i 've been wanting to try altis life , but i can only find like 5-6 servers , all of which are empty . 
  when i google about it everyone just says `` filter to rpg '' , which i 've done . 
  i 've also tried to just show all arma 3 servers and search for `` altis life '' . 
  still , only 5-6 empty servers . 
  this seem weird since people have made threads where they say there are so many servers that are always full etc , but i ca n't find a single one that anyone play on . 
  does anyone know what i do wrong ? 
  tl ; dr : ca n't find any altis life servers , what am i doing wrong ? 
  this is kind of a longshot . 
  i 'm looking for a youtube channel i used to watch a couple of years ago with some pretty cool arma2 videos , all made by the same guy i believe . 
  the few videos i remember are :, 
  1 : he provides air support with a little bird over fallujah , and is shot down over the city about halvway through the video .
