  caution and not trusting * anyone *, 
  still , that 's how you have to play if you want your character to be alive for 163 days . 
  you can go to juvie for drinking underage in the us ? 
  that shit 's rough, 
  are you playing on yourdayz # 2 ? 
  me and my friends played * a lot * on that server for like 3 months until frankie played on it which resulted in tons of hackers started going there . 
  anyway , i ca n't recall the admins playing unfair or having a big base like this where they ( likely ) spawn items . 
  i always thought they were pretty good admins , to be honest . 
  i 'm of course not saying you should n't burn the base only because they 're admins , - i 'm just surprised since you make it sound like they 're assholes . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  even if you 're a nice guy you deserve getting your base raided if you spawn items . 
  i never had this problem since i only had three goddam channels to watch . 
  it was ` season 2 finale ' . 
  hopefully there 'll come a season 3 with some end game material, 
  edit : oh , maybe you were talking about top gear . 
  in that case , nevermind . 
  if you were running through the woods with nothing/no one around you it would n't be combat logging , it would just be a dc . 
  shsdavid said he 'd kill those he caught * combat logging * , not just disconnecting . 
  i got an compliment just an hour ago from the pilot of a jet i shot down with my tank . 
  always nice compared to the `` omg noob lucker 0 skill '' i ussually get . 
  i salute those with such great sportmanship . 
  i had this friend in high school who had celebral palsy and had to use an electrical wheelchair/scooter to school , and he was a real bro . 
  we lived on the same street and sometimes bumped into eachother on our way to school , in which case he would always let me grab the back of his scooter and just give me a ride to school on when i was on my longboard . 
  it was sweet . 
  it is fucking * terrible * . 
  it happened to me about a year ago , and it 's kinda hard to explain the feeling , even though i remember everything as clear as if it had happened 3pm yesterday . 
  i woke up 3:14 am with an immense pain on my chest , causing me not being able to breath , nor move . 
  so i lay there scared as shit thinking `` what the shit is going on '' , looking around as good as i can , only being able to move my eyes , and i swear * to anything holy * i saw something that looked like the shade of a man standing next to my bed pressing down my chest with his hands . 
  i tried to scream but it was impossible as i had no air in my lungs . 
  i was sure i was going to die . 
  but then , after about a minute , everything just disapeared . 
  i could breath , move etc and felt no pain whatsoever , and the `` shade of the man '' was gone . 
  like nothing had ever happened . 
  the weirdest part was that i was able to fall asleep again just a moment later ... 
  tl : dr ; woke up , could n't breath or move . 
  sure i saw the shade of a man pressing down my chest . 
  though i was gon na die . 
  i agree , ` daska ' is the correct word . 
  ` olla ' is when you just put the * head * of your penis against something , while ` daska ' is when you slap someone with the entire thing . 
  i want to live inside this picture, 
  it 's a cool picture , nice job , but honestly i do n't get the battlefield feeling from it . 
  in my opinion battlefield is much more about teamwork . 
  working along side many others to achieve goals and win battles . 
  now , even though there 's a tank beside this guy , it gives me too much of a feeling that you are supposed to play as some kind of supersoldier who runs before the tank , alone into battle , with a sniper rifle in one hand and a pistol in the other . 
  point being : in my opinion , battlefield covers should show and encourage more teamplay - rather than giving you the feeling as you are alone . 
  this cover feels more like , e.g. 
  cod . 
  like , several soldiers taking cover behind a tank , watching each others back , while advancing . 
  maybe not totally accurate to most gameplay , but still , that 's what bf is for to me . 
  well , apart from the snakes that is . 
  even though i 've spent months each year on an island where there are lots of snakes since i was a baby , i 'll never ever feel comfortable around snakes . 
  otherwise random-miser sure was living the dream . 
  i 've had a slightly similar thought , but with the total war games . 
  it would be extremely fun if you could choose a soldier in your army and play as that guy in first person mode for a while . 
  either until you feel like you want to go back to commanding your army , or he dies , and in which case you could just choose another soldier of your liking if you want to . 
  this is because i sometimes feel that after i 've given out my orders in a battle , i sometimes just sit and watch for quite some time , until something happens that requires my attention as the commander . 
  having the option to be able to play on the battlefield as well would be fantastic . 
  tldr : slightly similar thought : being able to play as one of the soldiers in your army in first person mode in total war , inbetween giving out orders as the commander . 
  laugh yourself lucky . 
  in sweden we can only buy alcohol stronger than 3.5 % from state-owned stores called systembolaget , and there are very few of these in each city ( if you live in rural areas you might have to travel * several * miles to your closest store ) . 
  also , these are only open 10.00-18 .00 ( 10am-6pm ) monday-friday , 10.00-13 .00 ( 10am-1pm ) saturdays , and are closed every sunday and most holidays . 
  like today . 
  this was to minimize alcohol consumption in sweden like a hundred years ago when everyone was an alcoholic , which i guess was good , but today it 's a real pain in the ass . 
  what 's nice though is that i 've just turned 20 which means i can finally start buy strong booze there , and not only at bars . 
  anyway , a few of my mates are on their way here and we 'll start our easter drinking . 
  cheers / r/drunk !, 
  [ heaton har k\u00f6pt fragbite ] ( http://www.fragbite.se/?newsid=31839 ) . 
  yeah ... everytime i fly with them and i need an question answered at the airport about my flight , the airport employee look me straight in the eyes after hearing i fly with ryanair and just say `` good luck '' . 
  but they 're cheap , and i 'm poor . 
  can someone explain exactly what happened ? 
  i saw the original post in r/cringepics , but then just moved along and thought nothing of it until all this happened . 
  i understand he handled it badly , but what did he do ? 
  just ban everyone ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  why you put a dot there . 
  ca n't hide from my c4 bitches, 
  yeah seriously what am i missing here ? 
  why the fuck would n't you just call the cops if someone was living in your home ? 
  is there some weird state law or something that says cops ca n't move strangers from your home ? 
  i 'm european so i would n't know . 
  holy shit i 've never even heard about this before . 
  this is the craziest and most stupid thing i 've ever heard . 
  how can it possibly be legal anywhere ? 
  i had a lunch lady at my high school with a right hand that looked like this . 
  it did mess a bit with my appetite honestly ... 
  this sorta made the most sense yet . 
  but still though , you ca n't buy ownership to the frontseat in the same way you buy ownership to a house for hundred thousands of dollars . 
  remains the most ridiculous law i 've heard of in a very , very long time . 
  ownership  dibs, 
  i 'm sorry but i have no idea . 
  i had never even heard about this before . 
  i 'm swedish and i 'm fairly sure there are none of those rights here ... 
  another guy said in an earlier comment that these squatter rights were revoked in the uk just a year or so ago . 
  that 's all i know . 
  / r/historyporn has lots of cool old pictures, 
  edit : however most of them are war pictures ... 
  you might wan na check / r/oldschoolcool as well, 
  aye , churches are often one of the best ways to go . 
  my grandpa managed to trace our family back to the 16th century or so just by church records . 
  edit : however , this will of course take much time and patience .
