  coming to my new daycare when about 2.5 yrs old , and all the kids were taking a bath in this inflatable pool . 
  however , i was very shy so the daycare `` teachers '' * had to empty the pool from all other kids , so i 'd dare take a bath . 
  * do n't know the english word for those working at a daycare . 
  this must be some kind of a record, 
  man borde komma in som 94a , no probs . 
  edit : ord, 
  [ tappa ej mod br\u00f6der , ge dem inget andrum ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqn5usnylqw ), 
  3 days later and i 'm still here as well . 
  killing time on a train to stockholm . 
  very interesting reading, 
  i would like to do a tl : dr about the incident , but i 'm unfortunatly in a bit of a rush . 
  [ here 's the wikipedia page , if anyone 's interested ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_submarine_s-363 ) . 
  yes , lots of swedish youths goes to norway to work for a while at the jobs the spoiled norwegian youths does n't want , like waiting restaurants and bars and working in factories etc. 
  i do n't know exactly why the norwegians do n't want them , but i guess they think it 's too low salary . 
  but since norway is such a rich country from all their oil , what 's considered low salary over there , is very high salary for a swedish youth . 
  i know of many that have gone there for a few months and live in a small apartment with a few others and work at a `` shitty '' job , only to come back to sweden as wealthy men ( atleast compared to their friends who worked at the same kind of jobs , only in sweden ) . 
  seriously , just cleaning fish in norway gives you a lot of fucking money compared to the jobs youths get in sweden . 
  source : i 'm a swedish youth, 
  well i do n't know about your past work experience , education etc. 
  but for me , a 20-year-old swede with basically no past experience in work except for what i did last summer and autumn , and no education except swedish high school , it 's extremely hard to get a job in the stockholm area . 
  lots of my friends work with delivering food , and hopefully i can get into one of those jobs when i get my drivers license on wednesday . 
  since you do n't speak any swedish ( i suppose ) , that rules out most jobs as a waiter , bartender or cashiers etc. 
  maybe there 'll be some student bars that hire english only speaking bartenders , but i guess those will be very ... coveted ( ? ), 
  ( is that the right word ? ) ... 
  you know , many foreign students will probably apply for them . 
  honestly i ca n't give you much advice , perhaps try getting hold of foreign students who are studying/have studied in link\u00f6ping and see what they have to say . 
  sweden do n't have a lot of jobs to offer at the moment i 'm afraid ... 
  [ wikipedia page about the incident for anyone interested ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_submarine_s-363 ), 
  tl ; dr : basically a soviet submarine with nuclear warheads trespassed into swedish waters and ran aground just 2km from the swedish naval base in karlskrona . 
  the swedish armed forces took the opportunity to '' * show off the might of sweden * '' , by sending coastal rangers ( one of the toughest units ) , air force and navy to the scene to scare the russians while the whole thing was sorted out and the russians were allowed to leave ( which took 10 days ) . 
  note that this was during the cold war so it was an extremely tense situation . 
  oh and by the way , i might be studying in link\u00f6ping next spring as well , if i do n't get into the army ( which is hard as fuck as well in sweden , they only accept like 1200 new recruits each year . 
  give me a break sweden , god damn ) maybe we 'll meet !, 
  yeah i know , that 's why i guessed norwegians did n't want the jobs because they were too badly payed compared to the cost of living , while its much, 
  cheaper in sweden , hence thinking its such good pay according to swedish youths, 
  i have applied to link\u00f6ping university , i do n't yet know wether i 'm accepted or not . 
  i know that , atleast in stockholm , a company named * bring * hires people to deliver stuff by bycicle . 
  definitely worth checking out . 
  also , the swedish army also has a pretty serious campaign , even though they accept so few recruits . 
  i suspect it 's very different from the us army campain , though , and since you do n't know swedish you might not even understand it 's a commercial for the army when you see it . 
  but still it 's * very * hard to be accepted . 
  anyway , if we do n't meet in link\u00f6ping , i hope you 'll have a wonderful time during your semester . 
  by the way , ` semester ' means ` holiday ' in swedish , so do n't get the two mixed up , 
  i would say congo , afghanistan , bosnia , kosovo , cyprus and somalia are closer . 
  however if you mean the closest sweden has gotten to have a war on our own soil , it 's probably the closest except for world war 2 . 
  also , sweden were last in a ` official ' war in the 19th century , not the 17th . 
  you honestly do n't seem to know much about sweden , you only seem to want to belittle us when i look at your comments on this post . 
  why is that ? 
  yep , it 's very expensive to get drunk here ... you can ussually buy pitchers at most sports bars i think, 
  i never said anything about the size of our army . 
  sweden has an incredibly small army today , but during the 80s our army consisted of 800 000 soldiers , 1/10th of the nations citizens , and we had one of the greatest air force and navy in europe and the world . 
  unless the soviet threw everything they had , we would easily have stood against them for far more than 24hrs . 
  about the `` wars '' , i would atleast consider bosnia to be a real war , and my cousin and uncle who served in bosnia probably would have agreed while they were being shot at over there . 
  and i 'm positive the swedes deployed in afghanistan and those whose brothers in arms were kia in congo would call it wars as well , even though it may not be an official war on the paper , and also not a war against the nation itself . 
  but it can still be considered a war . 
  alright , one of the greatest `` defensive '' air forces . 
  the swedish army is built for defense , not invasion , therefor we have no bombers etc. 
  and okay , then we got the war thing sorted out . 
  we can say it was the closest thing sweden has gotten to being invaded since the 19th century , apart from ww2 . 
  johnny cash - man in black . 
  pretty sweet . 
  this was on the frontpage like a fucking hour ago, 
  first of all this should 've been posted in r/adviceanimals , not r/pics . 
  second , i think * whoever * is behind the bombing is gon na have a pretty bad time if they get caught . 
  well , the kony 2012 thing was interesting . 
  whatever they were called , i ca n't remember . 
  it must 've been awful not knowing about your cousin during that time . 
  i remember the ( failed ) terrorist attack in stockholm 2010 , before it was made clear it was a total failure , i was scared as shit not knowing if someone i knew might 've been hurt . 
  since it was during a christmas shopping rush-hour , i knew the risk was huge that friends or family could 've been on the street the explosion was on . 
  fortunately it was a total failure ( the only death was the terrorist himself , and only a few others got slight injuries ) , and it was also made clear in probably not even an hour that this was the case . 
  starcraft 2 and wow arena are those i enjoy watching the most . 
  a picture i took on my boat of the swedish flag , and in the background you see blue sky , majestic clouds and the swedish archipelago . 
  i love it . 
  are you implying we do n't have hockey in sweden ? 
  damn that must be sweet . 
  in sweden you have to pay like 14 bucks for * one * drink/shot ( 6cl booze ) at most bars . 
  edit : i just checked the usd to krona , and it was lower than i expected . 
  actually it 's probably more like 17 bucks at most bars ( in the stockholm area atleast ) . 
  ah , hah , did not know that, 
  what 's it like standing in an arena with thousands of people chanting/cheering for you ? 
  is it normal to drink on wednesday 's anywhere but sweden ? 
  over here we call wednesdays ` little saturdays ' , and a lot of people go out , even though they work / go to school the next day . 
  unfortunately i 'm in a town where i know nobody this ` little saturday ' , so i sit alone in my apartment and listen to johnny cash , drink whiskey and play red dead redemption . 
  pretty sweet actually . 
  i may only be 20 years old , but i loved a girl once ( yeah , seriously , you can a love a girl even if you 're a teen , shut up ) . 
  she broke up with me almost exactly a year ago , after being together for about a year . 
  broke my fucking heart . 
  but i 'm better now , finally . 
  anyway , cheers man , i 'm halfway through a bottle of jameson whiskey , listening to johnny cash and playing red dead redemption . 
  celebrating i finally took my driver 's license today ( which is actually pretty hard in sweden ) at the same time i mourn my beloved soccer team losing because of a referee who did a false ... judgement ... or whatever it 's called in english when a sports referee fucks up . 
  also , do n't worry , i do n't own a car , so even if i were stupid enough to drive drunk ( which i 'm not ) , i could n't . 
  another also ; i do n't blame you if you do n't want to take advice from a 20-year-old about love ( especially since your relationship probably was much more serious than mine ) , but i know you probably feel like shit after this break-up , but i swear to all that is holy , time heal all wounds . 
  and alcohol is n't too bad either . 
  sorry about assuming you were a man ... habits and shit . 
  anyway , you and me actually seem to have been through a pretty similar experience i think . 
  i fell in love with this girl basically the moment i met her , and i put up with a lot of shit with her before we even got `` official '' . 
  she had sex with another guy while we were dating etc , and did some shit while we were a couple , but i forgave her because she said she was depressed ( she did have good reason for being depressed tho ) , and she had several periods during our relationship where she got depressed which took a toll on me as well , but i stayed beside her every time , and did my best to make her feel good . 
  but then i got a bit depressed as well , because of reasons with my father , and after just a about a month she broke up with me because she felt that `` things were n't the same any longer '' . 
  i do n't know , i just did n't think it was fair since i had stayed with her for a year , but she could n't even do it for a month when rolls were reversed . 
  anyway , if you come to sweden sometime , just send a pm and i 'll buy you a drink ,
