  and drink alcohol and smoke cigarettes herself . 
  haha yeah i just realized that . 
  was n't too sure if it was a recognized word in the dictionary , or just a slang , however . 
  they always are . 
  ah yes . 
  mark also means ` ground ' in swedish . 
  are all of those actually common words , though ? 
  i guess it 's just because i 'm not living in a english talking country , but i rarely hear `` bob , don , john , randy , tom '' used as words . 
  and i watch a lot of english movies/series . 
  there 's an old swedish [ folksong ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi3ix8wtzam ) about that . 
  although it 's just an old tale about an incident that happened in the village of h\u00e5rga in sweden , hundreds of years ago . 
  there 's an english translation of the text in the information about the video . 
  just thought it was a little relevant . 
  edit : and also , this was n't believed to be a plague , but work of the devil . 
  as you may understand from the text . 
  does this tradition exist anywhere else but sweden ? 
  i 've actually never thought about it before . 
  where kids dress up as witches and then go around demanding candy before flying back to [ blockula ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blockula ) on their broomsticks ? 
  it sounds a lot like haloween i know . 
  but it 's not . 
  everyone dress up as the same thing and you do n't prank those who does n't give you candy . 
  but fuck you when you did n't give me candy . 
  asshole . 
  where are you from ? 
  if you 're european surely you would know that the european antifa/afa ( anti fascism activist groups ) are * very * extreme . 
  i honestly think that often many of them just join these `` demonstrations '' because they get a rush from putting a mask over their face , and then go out on the streets in large numbers and just go rampage on everything . 
  they are like football hooligans , only worse . 
  atleast here in sweden . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0hoco-ck2q ) an example of how afa demonstrations in sweden often ( not always , but very often ) end up . 
  if someone say they do n't agree with the way afa protests , they are often insulted or threatened . 
  example , at 1:00 in the video i posted , a single guy tries to stop one of them , and several shouts at him `` i fuck your mother '' and `` i fuck your entire family '' . 
  i have no respect at all for these people . 
  now , i do n't say that the person in this post 's article deserved what happened , because i do n't know the full story . 
  i just wanted to tell you that many anti fascists in europe are complete assholes , and actually do deserve a little bashing from the police . 
  i would run * a lot * . 
  i love running during night time . 
  the mix of cool temperature , darkness , complete silence , and no people , make me feel alone in the world . 
  but in a good way . 
  i can run for what seems like an eternity at night . 
  however , i rarely can , because of work and social life . 
  if it is as you say , that 99 % of all the protestors are against this kind of behaviour , you could * easily * stop it from happening . 
  but still , this happens at so many afa demonstrations . 
  that 's why i do n't respect your organization . 
  just like i do n't respect any brat showing their opinion by being loud , violent , and plain out breaking several laws . 
  it has nothing to do with opinion , politics , religion or something like that . 
  afa is just an terrible organization . 
  you know what the worst part with afa is ? 
  you actually make people starting to sympathise with the fascists , since they behave incredibly much more mature than you do , when they protest . 
  i myself think those who start sympathising with fascism because of this are a bit stupid , but still , that 's what happens when you act like this . 
  please for the love of all that is good , do n't let insanity wolf turn into this . 
  wait , is that a goddamn lightsaber ? 
  yes , the translation is horrible . 
  it 's more like :, 
  `` the 28-year-old claims that he left johnny on the tracks because , in his own homeland , it is possible to be sentenced if you help an injured person . '', 
  however the `` sentenced because helping an injured person '' part is still dumb as hell , and if he 's not lying , tunisia really need to re-think their laws . 
  edit : to all you clarifying the part of `` sentenced because helping injured people '' for me , thanks . 
  i had no idea this was so common in certain parts of the world . 
  what a shame , that being a good person can get you in such trouble . 
  looks delicious, 
  i went through the same thing last year of high school in sweden ( which happens to be this year ) . 
  i just did n't give a fuck about anything at all . 
  everything felt pointless . 
  managed to get my shit together a little bit about a month before graduation though . 
  all i can say is actually : work out , and eat right ( vitamins and shit ) . 
  honestly , it 's magic . 
  i started to run 2-3x a week , and go to the gym 2-3x a week . 
  sure did the trick for me , started feeling great . 
  really ? 
  i too was taught in school that old man faust finally got his peace and went to heaven after helping poor people and stuff . 
  damn you , public school system . 
  does anyone know what happened after this shot was taken ? 
  wow , that 's one insanely flat country, 
  i think the saying is `` who the hell cares '', 
  one day ... 
  implying the president of the us controls the world, 
  i know , i know . 
  it is one of the better posts i 've seen lately on r/gaming too, 
  thank you for not using socially awesome penguin for the top part . 
  this is how sap is supposed to be . 
  oh god no, 
  i will buy three mugs of mead to whoever manages to read this, 
  sorry for being boring and asking a question about rick rolling ; but how did * you * react when it was all over the internet ? 
  boy !, 
  it 's `` boy that escalated quickly '' !, 
  to be fair it 's not impossible at all that this happened . 
  my mom 's named gerd aswell , and if this old lady were to come from northern europe ` irma ' could easily also be part of her name . 
  sure it 's a great coincindence , but far from impossible . 
  actually , i like her because i think she 's incredibly hot . 
  you do know it 's possible to have different tastes in everything , including girls , right ? 
  i absolutely prefer to `` work out '' this way . 
  to do something of value , and at the same time getting really physically tired . 
  but , when you live in a city , it 's very hard to go out and dig ditches and chop wood etc. 
  therefore , gym . 
  posted oc on reddit, 
  man that 's a smooth desktop, 
  the picture is about how he was late to the bus stop because of snow ( it snowed in stockholm last night ) , but he managed to catch the bus because it too was delayed by the snow . 
  comment discussion is about how swedish public transportation ( sl and sj ) is terrible during winter , and the obligatory `` stockholm vs rest of the country '', 
  does n't this mean the kid is barely four years old ? 
  what the shit, 
  it 's nothing personal , it 's just that nightlife in stockholm ( if that 's where you were ) is extremely shallow and lame as fuck .
