  well the weather is amazing so maybe just take a stroll around town ? 
  or go to like a park or something . 
  yeah that 's what everyone says , like it 's the easist thing on earth , but it just wont work for me . 
  i 've only been to gotland once , when i was like 10 , so i do n't really remember much . 
  however , one of my close friends have been camping there each summer for the last 20 years or so , and he loves it , so i guess you could rent a tent one night and camp somewhere, 
  holy shit that , that song . 
  it felt like i was back in 2005 watching montages . 
  it was nice seeing a montage that did n't use dubstep or something like that for a change . 
  well , i thought about that as well , but the thing is that very often ( the majority of cases in my experiences , atleast ) the gankers does n't really choose * one * guy to follow to the end of the world , but rather has an area where they know there are a lot of quests , and therefore obviously a lot of levelers . 
  so what they do is that they just fly around there and kill everyone they see . 
  for example they kill me , fly away , i ress , they come back one minute later and kill me again . 
  so the ress cd does n't help in that way , it just gives me less time to advance in my quest before the ganker is back for another round . 
  i do n't really care about ress cd in general , but imo they could remove it when it comes to high level players killing you . 
  dricks p\u00e5 barer ? 
  alcohol and or drugs, 
  yup . 
  backpacked in ireland for two weeks this summer . 
  fucking beautiful as shit . 
  also this was the best summer since like 1850 or something in ireland , which was also nice . 
  i 'm totally going back some day . 
  i do n't . 
  i hang them on a rack . 
  well , hopefully the nature wont take too much of a hit from the economy . 
  i met a guy in a pub in galway who told me 1856 . 
  maybe it was regional or something, 
  shhhh , everyone else still thinks we only have moonglade, 
  / r/drunk sounds like the place for you tonight, 
  yes . 
  and it would n't be `` unreal '' either . 
  most people in an zombie apocalypse will team up with other humans , - and since when you spawn in dayz it is n't the * beginning * of the outbreak , already having a team would be logical . 
  i rarely go shopping , but at nk ( nordiska kompaniet ) you can probably find something . 
  it 's mostly pretty expensive there , but finding something nice under 400 sek should n't be a problem . 
  it 's on hamngatan 18 ( basically at kungstr\u00e4dg\u00e5rden ), 
  the zombie outbreak must 've occured atleast a month earlier . 
  there 's nothing unrealistic about the option of having a team . 
  and dying does suck anyway . 
  even if your whole team would die at the same time so you can spawn with each other ( if only one dies , you still have to find each other ) , it still sucks since you spawn only with 1x bandage , 1x painkillers and 1x flashlight . 
  must 've been lana, 
  `` friend '' . 
  why the fuck would someone show this to anyone . 
  1.68 here , but today i consider it a bad game if i get lower than a 2.0 . 
  my friend however has a 3.92 ( mostly play as agressive recon or medic ) . 
  i prefer engineer and support . 
  satchel charge or something maybe, 
  seth green, 
  he was on the phone with one woman at first , whom he told he had to call back after the `` accident '' . 
  he was then on the phone with another woman who was a police dispatcher , which it was clearly explained in the video . 
  if this would be something new to you , you 're not just new to bf3 , but to online gaming entire . 
  my cousin told me about how fucked up the russian un troops were during that time . 
  he was a swedish un soldier in bosnia , and one night he had guard duty at a road block , when a drunk russian un soldier went through . 
  now , this was n't unusual , the russians were often very drunk and made a lot of trouble for the other guys who had guard duty , but this night the russian actually * opened fire * at my cousin . 
  fortunatly the bullets hit the sand bags . 
  he never got to know if the russian did it just to scare him or if he actually wanted to kill him , because they never caught the guy . 
  to be honest it would probably have been better if the russians had stayed out of that one . 
  both sides are doing some fucked up shit , but by the looks of it today , syria was probably much better off before the uprising than they will ever be for a really long time once its over , whoever wins . 
  also yes , i 'm pretty sure these were the rebels . 
  i was being chased by a velociraptor on my street . 
  it was after i 'd seen jurassic park for the first time , when i was like 6 or something . 
  starting my basic training in a month , looking forward to it . 
  in sweden you 're either on the immigrants side in the matter , or you 're a racist . 
  so all of sweden 's population is included in his comment . 
  but who will keep us safe from the finns ? 
  heed my words ; one day an hockey tournament will bring war between our two nations . 
  i 'll be training at livgardet , they are based in kungs\u00e4ngen outside stockholm, 
  that 's too bad , but do n't give up if you want to do it . 
  i applied last winter but did n't get in that time because the competition was ( and still is ) pretty damn hard , but i applied again and kept training , and was accepted this summer . 
  well , some of the units recruiting has troubles , especially when those who get accepted only goes to the home guard ( hemv\u00e4rnet ) after they 've completed the basic training . 
  however the units that offers a full-time job usually have a lot of people applying . 
  for example , last winter i applied for a position which in swedish is called `` flygbass\u00e4kerhet '' which basically means `` air base security '' , where you basically learn to defend military airports . 
  iirc they had about 20 open positions , and they got hundreds of applications . 
  when i now applied to livgardet , there was about 200 applications for 120 open positions that offer full-time job after basic training . 
  so , there was some competition , but not very hard this time . 
  the problem is that not all of those who complete basic training will want to continue within the armed forces afterwards . 
  kharg island maybe, 
  well finland did n't really exist , and never really had , in the 17th century . 
  you were as much of a part of sweden as sk\u00e5ne ( scania ) is today , and had never been an official country before taken over by sweden . 
  so that 's like saying `` we fought to the last dane '' if we were attacked in the south and the scania regiments were wiped out when defending . 
  of course we joke about scanians being danes , but in practice , 98 % of the of the country do consider them as much of a swede as someone born in stockholm . 
  maybe the royals thought less of those born in eastern sweden ( today 's finland ) but they were still just as much a part of sweden as `` real '' sweden . 
  i 'm stoked about the ak 5c being in the game , love that gun, 
  as we say in swedish ( you know , since dice is swedish * hehe * ), 
  `` those who are waiting for something great , never waits too long . '', 
  meaning it 's always worth the wait if what you 're waiting for is good enough . 
  there you go, 
  damn , and i whine about my 1.5 mb/s since so many of my buddies have 10mb/s . 
  i 'm really lucky we have such good internet where i live . 
  looks live a very stable landing , though . 
  plus he should n't plead to the ref it was his own fault anyway . 
  what the fuck, 
  internetkarma, 
  i 'm 20 and i 've never heard of him . 
  you can easily see the sun reflecting on the scope from 1000 +, 
  / r/swedishproblems, 
  your comment is rude . 
  how does it make swedes assholes for downvoting a rude comment that also has northing to do with the post ? 
  korpen is a local league for amateur players ( 16 + i believe ) , mostly just groups of friends who create a sports team and enter the korpen league to play against other amateurs . 
  the korpen league exists for basically all sports in sweden . 
  i guess he means it 's `` too dangerous '' because of inexperienced players, 
  `` korpen '' litarelly means `` the raven '' , but that does n't have anything to do with the league , it 's just a name . 
  i 've never tried anything other than keyboard + mouse so i ca n't really compare , but i 've never had any big trouble either .
