  iirc my rifle was from mid 90s . 
  the swedish army is supposed to change weapon for all its ' branches in the coming years , though ( even including home guard from what i 've heard ) . 
  probably to the scar-h/l . 
  how did all of your friends/family react to you getting married so young , and especially so * quickly * ? 
  and with kids and all, 
  nothing better than spending the entire saturday evening standing in line, 
  it helps when convincing civilians with no prior military experience , though . 
  my cousin turned 10 on the 10th of october 2010 ... 10 on 10/10/10 . 
  mildly cool . 
  / u/trollabot fhmange, 
  pollenallergiker . 
  huh . 
  i 've always thought syndey was the capital of australia ... 
  that might be a * small * part of it . 
  it 's actually just used as another part of their camouflage . 
  it 's meant to remove the distinct round shape of an helmet which is incredibly easy to spot and fire upon , and instead make them kind of `` blurr into the enviroment '' . 
  in other words , the total opposite of making the enemy think it 's their head and fire at it . 
  in the swedish army ( and obviously many others ) we do it like [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/5kv0nfz ) ( stick a bunch of fir branches in a net on the helmet ) . 
  see , if you 're scanning your surroundings ( especially when dark ) you would n't see that 's actually the helmet of someone in a fox hole about to shoot your ass . 
  commando as fuck, 
  nope, 
  dont you be snoopin around . 
  actually i changed because i have n't played for a month so i dont have any rank atm, 
  that 's awesome, 
  `` the legendary charge of polish cavalry against german panzers , however , was a propaganda myth influenced by the charge at krojanty . 
  in this battle fought on september 1 , 1939 the polish 18th cavalry regiment charged and dispersed a german infantry unit . 
  [ 70 ] soon afterwards the poles themselves were gunned down by german armored vehicles and retreated with heavy casualties ; the aftermath of the beating was fictitiously presented as a cavalry charge against tanks . 
  tldr :, 
   the legendary charge of polish cavalry against german panzers , however , was a propaganda myth influenced by the charge at krojanty, 
  there are very few armies ( or countries ) if any , that i respect more than the poles during ww2 . 
  fighting to death for your country against impossible odds . 
  rip all of your fathers and sons that died during this time . 
  / swede, 
  for every nfl game , there are hundreds of professional soccer games . 
  what do you expect ? 
  it still sound a * fuck ton * . 
  when i do live fire exercises indoor i usually wear my comtacs + in-ear protection just to be safe , and we do n't even have any 50 . cals . 
  but still , having a ksp58 ( fn mag ) firing away right next to you indoors will fuck your hearing up without good protection . 
  but these guys have probably been doing this for a long time so their hearing is already beat up enough for them to think it 's pretty okay in there . 
  i think sound were invented sometime around 1920 ... colour was probably a bit later, 
  i 've only read norwegian wood because my then girlfriend gave it to me - and that 's pretty much exactly what it 's about . 
  but seriously it was a good book , though . 
  plus i had never heard the song norwegian wood before i read the book , and that song was also good . 
  according to the minimap you missed ... 
  kamouflage, 
  as someone with no experience of explosive devices except handgrenades - how big of an explosion would this 250kg bomb make ? 
  it sounds like it would make for a pretty huge blast . 
  this was a small exercise where they just `` get to know the city '' ( and show off a bit for the public ) , no shooting was involved . 
  our airborn rangers just started using ryan air, 
  isd ? 
  i guess getting conscripted civilians without training or equipment drink a bottle of vodka and rush as a fucking wall of meat straight at german dug-in mg34/42s with the motivation `` we 'll shoot you if you retreat '' will help boost those numbers . 
  the ussr absolutely ordered soldiers to pretty much suicide rush german positions . 
  i 've read two books by german soldiers on the eastern front ( one wehrmacht soldier and one norwegian ss volunteer ) . 
  both of them tell stories how russians just tried to rush their positions where they were dug-in with machineguns and artillery support , while the russians barely had rifles . 
  obviously i have no proof these guys were n't lying about it , but i have a * very * hard time believing they did . 
  these were n't fictional books , they are autobiographies . 
  they were written when the soldiers had grown old , around 75-80 years old . 
  the wehrmacht soldier has lived in the us since the war , and the norwegian ss soldier went back to norway were he was on trial for betraying his country ( but got off easy because he was only 16 when he joined ) . 
  the latter also claims he was never an hardcore nazi , but rather joined because he was a youth looking for adventure and wanted to fight the bolsheviks . 
  i hardly believe these books were based off any old anti-russian bias . 
  or atleast , i have a hard time believing they straight up lied . 
  also , i bought these books from the '' * swedish military history library * '' . 
  they do n't sell books they think are biased or untrue . 
  if these sources are n't enough for you then so be it , believe what you want . 
  obviously i ca n't be certain of anything just based off these two soldiers . 
  they might be biased . 
  but , especially the ss volunteer , told the story with such detail how hundreds of russians tried to rush his company one night and he ( who manned an mg42 ) literally just mowed dozens of them down . 
  he got pretty fucked up from it . 
  he also said that during that same assault , one of his comrades got so scared he shot himself in the bum to avoid more combat - but was caught and court-martialled . 
  i do n't doubt these `` suicide rushes '' occured . 
  but , as / u/cheekia said , during the early stages of the war . 
  got ta calm them clutching nerves, 
  i guess he 's talking about no nuke in the map pool during pro tournaments , like esl one . 
  probably most armies in the world use something similiar to break up the obvious shape of a helmet , but the idf `` bag '' do look pretty unique . 
  in the swedish army we just stick a bunch of fir branches and stuff in a net on the helmet [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/30pn7dl.jpg?1 ) . 
  it 's pretty annoying because the helmet gets very heavy , you get needles everywhere inside your uniform , the branches can get loose and obstruct your vision etc. . . would rather have a bag like idf . 
  yes !, 
  correct on all the videos !, 
  the first one is probably one of my favourite arma videos of all time . 
  the third one i meant was this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rukh5go1cg, 
  my memory was a little rusty and i remembered it as you rushed over a field , when it was a ditch/dried out canal . 
  thanks a lot man, 
  it was dslyecxi !, 
  but i remember watching chkilroy also now that you mentioned his channel aswell . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  outskilled ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  it 's what i live for, 
  they work really well in a dark , dense swedish forest as well , so hopefully the enemy will only see our muzzle flash and not how cool we look behind it . 
  when you 've started shooting the adrenaline will take over and you wo n't feel tired until you 're finished ... 
  i mean , unless you shoot for a very long time . 
  and yes , most people do get a small adrenaline kick every time you pull that trigger , even after countless times at the shooting range . 
  i know i do . 
  ca n't imagine what it 's like in real combat . 
  do you have good headphones etc ? 
  you might just have trouble with your hearing . 
  my hearing got a little fucked from an asshole who threw a `` banger '' right next to me before a football game , and then it got even worse after my time in the military ( lotsa loud bangs ) . 
  so everytime i 'm clutching my friends who are speccing are like `` lol did you * not * hear him stepping ? '' . 
  pretty annoying . 
  here 's what you gon na do :, 
  start a `` play offline with bots '' game , and choose `` no bots '' so you 're totally alone on the map .
