  yeah the militarization of the swedish military is really getting out of hand with their camouflage and guns and stuff . 
  seriously , though , i guess you 're joking but i really do n't get it . 
  now i get the joke . 
  sorry for my sarcastic comment , i assumed you thought the soldier in the picture was a policeman . 
  i actually agree . 
  his gear look very basic compared to what most hired soldiers of the 7th batallion at livgardet , who joined this exercise , are usually issued . 
  [ example ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kkmbkbe.jpg ) soldiers of 7th batallion using stridsv\u00e4st / combat vest 12 and kroppsskydd/body protection 12 , while the soldier in the picture op posted is using stridsv\u00e4st 2000 and seem to be kroppsskydd 90 , used by the homeguard ( and other units not present at this exercise ) . 
  oh come on , that 's just ridiculous . 
  yeah you wan na stay away from the vikings, 
  oh my god it 's still alive, 
  ja men juste !, 
  i 'm sure this festivals ' biggest goal is to be as historical correct as possible . 
  actually , there has been an `` invasion '' of beggars from romania the last couple of years . 
  ~ 4 years ago you 'd see like 2-3 beggars if you spent a couple of hours in stockholm , but now they are literally in every corner and outside every train station . 
  and not just in stockholm , but most cities . 
  translation if anyone 's interested ( wo n't be perfect , sorry in advance ) :, 
  * reporter * : `` for one month fierce firefights has played out in northwestern syria between rebels and the islamic state . 
  the rebels are not very well equipped or trained , but they are fighting to defend their life and villages . '', 
  * rebel leader * : `` there was very fierce fighting yesterday . 
  they [ is ] went at it for 12 hours . 
  they used heavy weapons . 
  tanks and artillery . 
  also small-arms fire . '', 
  * reporter * : `` did they have snipers ? '', 
  * rebel leader * : `` yes , in a few apartment buildings '', 
  * reporter * : `` is fighters are very close to our location , this is the frontline in northwestern syria between rebels and is . 
  it is a very big concern in rebels and civilians that is will advance even further . 
  * rebel leader * : is is only 75 meters away from here . 
  this is the last outpost . 
  this village was liberated from is two weeks ago . 
  * reporter * : earlier these rebels were fighting the regime , but now they are fighting an enemy the whole world fear . 
  the terrorist group is have kidnapped , beheaded , mass-executed and forced hundreds of thousands of syrians and iraqis to flee . 
  * rebel * : with the help of god and our own strength we will liberate the northern parts and all of syria from this criminal organization . 
  we are very grateful for all the help we can get . 
  oh shit , stole the mods karma . 
  your ex do n't know who you are ? 
  i 'm so looking forward to see how you feel after four years with this new incompetent socialist government of yours . 
  i can pretty much guarantee that they wo n't be re-elected , and the sweden democrats will probably gain more support during these years . 
  [ nah man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxlczau_yam ), 
  my bad . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9si_my5qz4 ), 
  i 've had/witnessed a couple of legit 1v1 knife fights at end of rounds in mm . 
  but then again , i 'm silver . 
  man , i hope we get a sweet snowy winter this year . 
  last winter was a grey , depressing joke . 
  i do n't mind the cold . 
  as my old 1st sergeant said ; only the poor or stupid get cold  now , i see what you mean of course , but do n't blame our terrible public transportation on the snow - blame it on the terrible public transportation who ca n't improve it but rather seems to get surprised everytime it snows in goddamn sweden . 
  if robert de niro and [ ray winstone ] ( http://content7.flixster.com/rtactor/40/49/40493_pro.jpg ) hade a child, 
  [ yeah , i 'm sure it was all just a mistake . 
  sweden is n't even a member of nato , and you try to blame a russian submarine outside our capital on that ? 
  perhaps it 's time for russia to leave the fucking cold war and enter the 21st centuary . 
  there 's been an `` invasion '' of beggars to sweden from romania and bulgaria recent years because they 've heard swedes are pretty generous . 
  obviously this attracts the goddamn loch ness monster as well . 
  from my limited history knowledge , this is my take on it :, 
  it made a lot more good than it did harm . 
  sweden was a poor country with a terrible army at the time , and while it is easy to think that it was cowardly of us not to side with the allies - how many actually did ? 
  most countries were neutral just like sweden , the difference is that they were eventually invaded , while sweden was not . 
  all we could do was guard our own borders as best we could , as trying anything else would be a devestating loss for us and everyone else . 
  it would have resulted in sweden being invaded and occupied in a matter of weeks , giving the nazis full controll over scandinavia , and instead of buying ore from us ( making us richer and them poorer ) , they would have all the ore in sweden in their hands - until the allies would have bombed our mines , a devestating blow to sweden and even the rest of europe . 
  the cost of staying neutral was helping the nazis in some ways . 
  we did , obviously , sell them ore which allowed them to produce weapons etc , and we did let their troops travel through sweden at some instances . 
  however the reward was greater . 
  it allowed us to send volunteers , military equipment and humanitarian aid to finland in their heroic fight against the bolsheviks . 
  and most important , in my opinion , it allowed us to give a safehaven to the thousands of jewish refugees ( mainly from denmark where it 's estimated that nearly the entire jewish population of denmark managed to flee to sweden ) finnish children , and others , who sought safety here . 
  very common here in sweden atleast . 
  you use it in the same way you use it online - when something 's funny but not funny enough for you to actually laugh audibly . 
  instead of forcing a laugh you just say `` lol '' . 
  did basic last year ( sweden ) , we also shared rooms , showers , toilets etc. 
  not a single complaint by anyone . 
  i think if you divide males and females there will be a lot more `` us vs them '' . 
  well , i 'm working tomorrow so it will be the gym and cs for me tonight . 
  however , since it 's wednesday , it should be plenty of night life . 
  in stockholm we call wednesdays `` little saturday '' and a lot of bars and clubs will be open . 
  i 've met some nice kids in dayz . 
  unfortunatly a lot of people are assholes to them because of their age . 
  for example i teamed up with a real nice kid , probably age 10-11 , and then we met some others who wanted to join our posse . 
  eventually they killed him just because of his age , thinking i 'd be on their side about it . 
  obviously i was n't , i turned my gun on those douchebags and then guarded the kids ' corpse hoping he 'd turn up again and retrieve his gear ... but he did n't . 
  i still get sad sometimes remembering his voice while bleeding out , asking why they had shot him :(, 
  yeah some info about that poor pedestrian would be nice ... 
  we all got traditions , what 's so wrong with it ? 
  i do n't get the hate/complaints etc about royal families , i 'm glad we have ours in sweden . 
  yeah , they 're `` born into royalty '' but so what ? 
  they have zero real power , they 're just a national symbol . 
  representatives of sweden at different events etc. 
  as long as they do a good job , which in my opinion they do , i love our royal family and am proud of our tradition of still having a king and queen in my country . 
  i just use rubbing alcohol on my cuffs to clean them . 
  correctional officer, 
  i mean , i do n't * drown * them in alcohol , but i wipe the surface with plenty of it . 
  not soaking , but i rather use too much than too little . 
  then again , i never use my work cuffs for sexual activity , so it does n't matter as much if i do n't make sure every little surface is soaked in alcohol at each cleaning . 
  i clean them about once a week or more often if i deem it necessary . 
  i 'm talking about regular cleaning . 
  i know if an inmate i will handle have a transmittable disease , and if i have to cuff that inmate , obviously i would make sure every little spot on my cuffs got 100 % disenfected . 
  i use more than just a little rubbing alcohol if i handle someone with hep c. 
  regular cleaning , however , after a normal week when i perhaps have only cuffed 1-2 inmates and know that none of them have a disease , i generally just wipe off the visible surface , that will have touched their skin , with rubbing alcohol . 
   like in healthcare , you should assume everyone has hep c. nurses does n't reuse needles because the patient was healthy , they still clean their hands before touching the next patient , they avoid direct contact with blood . 
  yeah well thank god they dont bleed after i cuff them . 
   i was under the impression you would use your handcuffs way more frequently than that , i guess you are in a low security jail or in a good country . 
  your impression is n't wrong , atleast in my case .
