  why do you learn danish ? 
  oh how i wish i could visit 1969 as a teenager , if only for just a day . 
  must be kinda fun running around like that in the city, 
  you almost made me get over my ex, 
  [ the doors - the end ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agmamjfuvzm ), 
  or [ ai n't no grave by johnny cash ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66qcilbli1u ), 
  and here i am , reading your meme when i 'm supposed to hold a 10min speech for in my swedish class tomorrow morning when i have barely started and the clock is 8pm in sweden . 
  it 's funny because op just did it, 
  dude , what ? 
  if they were to create a new religion they could marry their asses off , just not in the way they want to get married . 
  they want to marry in a church , blessed by a priest , and all that shit . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  you are fucking stupid . 
  it 's pretty common in sweden . 
  atleast in the stockholm area . 
  do you mean like [ these ? 
  ] ( http://www.extremeeyewear.com/store/images/products/wayfarer_1859_9146900_1.jpg ), 
  the last one i finished was norwegian wood by haruki murakami . 
  strongly recommend it . 
  right now i 'm about halfway through david copperfield, 
  i guess i 'm not very original but i 'd say :, 
  band of brothers, 
  lost ( well , first few seasons ), 
  game of thrones, 
  i 'd probably be the same lazy fuck i am right now . 
  it 's like when you think `` ah man i 'm never gon na skip school again , it 's so stupid '' ( or something like that ) but then you do it again and again ? 
  for me it would probably be the same thing re-living my life . 
  i do n't think it 's paranormal but it was really scary ... 
  one night , perhaps six months ago , i woke up in the middle of the night ( 3.47 am to be exact ) , feeling something pushing down my chest . 
  i kinda panicked and was gon na try to find out what it could 've been , but i could n't move my arms . 
  i actually could n't move any part of my body an inch , except for my head , which i could turn a few centimeters each way . 
  at this point i was fucking terrifyed , and tried to scream , but could n't . 
  all i could do was exhale heavily . 
  whatever was on my chest kept pressing harder and harder , and i started having trouble breathing ( note that i felt no pain anywhere on the body , except for that pushing feeling on my chest , which was rather unpleasant than painful ) . 
  now , this is the really weird part , when i turned my head to get a better look at my room ( which was pitch black so i had no reason to be honest , but i had nothing better to do , lying there awaiting what i thought was my death ) , i swear to all that 's holy that i saw a figure about one meter away from me . 
  i got so scared i almost pissed my pants , and tried to scream again , and this time a little bit of sound came out from my throat , and a few seconds afterwards , everything just `` vanished '' , like it had never happened . 
  i swear to you it was no dream . 
  it was freaky as fuck . 
  yes i did have trouble sleeping for about three months afterwards . 
  the first month i always slept with my door a bit open , with a light in the hallway outside , because i dared not sleep in a pitch black room . 
  aside from that i dreamt about it a few times , and it was not too uncommon for me to wake up in the middle of the night , all sweaty and my heart pumping really fast etc. 
  but now i 'm basically totally fine again . 
  who could ? 
  i feel lonely as hell after both my older sisters moved away to study . 
  can barely stand being the only kid left at home . 
  perhaps since all the nagging my parents are so fond of is directed only to me , instead of being spreat out between me and my two sisters . 
  my point is , i would never had stand being the only kid my entire life . 
  this, 
  that bitch had it coming, 
  well , i did n't see when it happened ; but about 7 months ago i was at a nightclub in central stockholm and some guy was gunned down right outside . 
  i went outside ( not knowing it had happened ) about 20 mins afterwards , and saw like 10 cops , a big pool of blood on the sidewalk , and a guy with handcuffs and blood all over his shirt . 
  do n't know more about the story though . 
  lsd is is a hell of a drug, 
  haha yeah . 
  i actually threw a party this new years eve , and the same thing happened ( about waking up to find the door unlocked ) . 
  needless to say this story was going around in my head the entire day . 
  sorry for misspellings and grammar mistakes . 
  english is not my first language . 
  haha thanks for pointing that out . 
  it 's almost 2 am here in sweden so i 'm not too sharp at the moment . 
  i 'm glad you liked it , 
  we were not . 
  but about 10 000 swedes volunteered to fight with the finns, 
  this is so weird, 
  seriously people these `` jokes '' has been going on for like two fucking years now . 
  yes , he makes bad music according to many , but obviously many others like it so he wo n't go away anytime soon . 
  so just get the fuck over it and mind your own fucking business instead of crying over this every single day . 
  this shit is n't funny anymore . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i am crying actually . 
  i 'm crying because people get so obsessed with hating a guy only because he makes music that they do n't like . 
  i mean honestly , what 's the problem ? 
  do n't like it , do n't listen to it . 
  do n't like his fans ? 
  do n't hang out with his fans . 
  it 's not that hard , i 've actually succeeded with this strategy for a long time - and therefore i do n't care about justin bieber . 
  if he would come to my home everyday , playing his songs really loud i 'd have a problem with it . 
  but he do n't . 
  as i said , a lot of people like his music . 
  yes , many are complete retards , but hey , i think we can all agree that 90 % of the worlds population are complete retards . 
  this concludes that there are a lot of fucking retars listening to whatever music you guys are listening to . 
  the only reason jb fans stick out is because all the `` haters '' ( hence : you ) make such a big deal out of it . 
  if everyone would just fucking drop it , it would n't be a problem . 
  okay , maybe i exaggerated it a bit . 
  i do that sometimes . 
  i guess my point was that i think these jokes are getting old ... 
  yeah , i mean , he donates to charity , visits orphanages where he has alot of fans , stays away from drugs ( atleast from what we know ) and is n't a total dick to everyone as alot of celebrities ( and ordinary people ) are . 
  but yeah , the kid makes bad music according to us so fuck him . 
  this was the first post today that actually made me laugh , and not just smile/giggle . 
  thank you . 
  by the way , this reminds me a little of this :, 
  `` the huldra is a stunningly beautiful , sometimes naked woman with long hair ; though from behind she is hollow like an old tree trunk , and has an animal 's tail . 
  in norway , she has a cow 's tail , and in sweden she may have that of a cow or a fox . '', 
  [ ` murica !, 
  you got me, 
  oh lord please do n't , what will i do ? 
  have mercy , sir !, 
  i promise you that in the future i will be ever so kind - and hate justin bieber without any justified reason , just as you do . 
  all aslong as you do n't downvote my comment . 
  if that is true , it does justify the hate some people feel against him .
