  i think that might be enough , but do n't take my word for it . 
  i 'm in the swedish home guard now . 
  it 's changed * a lot * just in the last few years , but a few bullets go missing ? 
  no one will even know about it . 
  after you 've spent 4 days with constant live firing exercises no one keeps track on exactly how many thousand bullets have been fired . 
  obviously you count the remaining amunition when the exercise is over , and compare it to how much ammo there was before the exercise , - but how will anyone know if some guy slipped a few bullets into his pocket ? 
  during my basic training someone lost a training grenade though , and that gave us a lot of shit . 
  luckily we managed to find it . 
  arma 2 in a nutshell, 
  i ca n't speak for all of my country but i know a lot of swedes are very negative towards russia . 
  tensions were very high during the cold war as they continuously breached our countries water and air space , and in recent years they have started doing it again . 
  practicing bombing runs on the island of gotland and sending submarines to the stockholm archipelago does n't really scream ` trust ' and friendliness . 
  they are acting aggressive and are forcing us to be less neutral . 
  which is probably what they want so they can cry about the `` the threat from the west '' . 
  i absolutely do n't . 
  but wether or not there was this autumn does n't even matter as it is far from the first time . 
  no , you 're right . 
  the only russians i hate are the ones i match up with in csgo . 
  i think people are mainly irritated by the fact that russia ( 's government ) seem to think they can do whatever they want . 
  not too many people actually believe there will be a war either , but rather want to show russia that what they 're doing is not remotely okay . 
  om n\u00e5gon \u00e4r the man s\u00e5 \u00e4r det fan janne b. jan the man, 
  the standard issued body armour in the swedish army has one of these butt-flaps . 
  it will stop second hand shrapnel , but not much more . 
  most guys tuck it in under their uniform during exercises because it looks fucking ridiculous plus that will give extra protection to your spine , intestines etc , but when it 's cold out it actually does serve perfectly good as an insulating pad to sit on so i usually let it hang during cold times . 
  damn , the dude at 1:55 who just drops down that fucking wall . 
  looks like a pretty long fall, 
  / u/dontworryimapirate is n't joking . 
  button-loaded does mean just what it sounds like ... a rifle loaded with a button as bullet . 
  in this case the button came from a swedish uniform - which is why there are so many speculations about the shot coming from a swedish soldier tired of the war . 
  ( well , it is * said * that it was a button that killed him ), 
  we have the kelpie in sweden as well , it 's called * b\u00e4ckah\u00e4sten * ( roughly `` the river horse '' ) . 
  we also have * n\u00e4cken * . 
  that 's a guy who sits at rivers , luring people to him often by playing enchanting music , and then drown your ass . 
  is n't there some kind of hygiene requirement for being a chef in your gfs cafe ? 
  he does n't seem like someone you 'd want handeling your food from what little you have given us . 
  probably not very pleasant, 
  atleast your hair wont turn gray early, 
  yeah i know man , i was just joking . 
  have you ever thought about using wigs ? 
  when i was in thailand i went for a ride on an elephant . 
  we were out on this field and the elephant handler sat infront of me and was like `` look , snake . 
  another snake . 
  look , more snake '' and pointed at the ground . 
  i hate snakes so goddamn much so i said like `` thank fuck we 're up on this elephant '' . 
  then we got under some trees and that fucking guy looked back at me smirking , pointing at the tree we were just about to go under and said `` look , snake '' . 
  and when the class is supposed to take care of eggs , and ms. garrison hands out white eggs to everyone except token who gets a brown, 
  follow that egg !, 
  i 'm a 22 y/o male , i 've been a swedish royal guard soldier , i now work as a correctional officer and am a soldier in the swedish army home guard . 
  still think of myself as a kid . 
  maybe because i still do n't have a goddamn clue what i want to do in life . 
  it sounds cooler than it is . 
  the royal guards mainly guard the two royal palaces in stockholm and does ceremonial military stuff . 
  in my job i work at today i guard inmates during transportations , wherever it is they need to go ( court , hospital , change of jail etc ) . 
  being a soldier in the home guard means i 'm a reservist . 
  i do a couple of training exercises each year , but i never deploy abroad . 
  it 's for national security only , so to say . 
  there is the royal palace in the city ( i 'm guessing this is where you went ) and then drottningholm palace just outside the city . 
  drottningholm is actually more beautiful if you ask me , as it has a huge garden you can stroll around in ... 
  but it 's a bit of a drag going all the way out there as a tourist , and seeing one palace is probably enough . 
  glad you liked it !, 
  i 'm just going to throw it out there - it 's pretty hard to find new friends in sweden just like that . 
  we 're not trying to be rude , it 's just how it is here ... 
  i think the easiest way for you to get friends is by asking collegues if they want to go out for a beer on an after work or something . 
  most swedes are a lot easier to get to know when drunk . 
  also , if you want to meet people through internet , tell us more about yourself . 
  age , gender , interests etc. 
  most people wo n't go meet a complete stranger . 
  sd is n't pro-multiculturalism . 
  they support immigration as long it is not too much ( they want to cut our current immigration by 90 % ) . 
  but they still want assimilation rather than integration of immigrants . 
  `` if you meet one asshole , you met an asshole . 
  if everyone you meet are assholes , it 's probably you who are the asshole '', 
  i read without thinking . 
  those places are mainly 18-20 y/os i think . 
  not very fun for someone who 's 27 . 
  true . 
  i 'm not big on the club scene at s\u00f6dermalm but i 'm sure there are some clubs there with higher average age that are n't impossible to get into . 
  the norwegian home guard look more well-equipped than the regular swedish armed forces ... let alone the swedish home guard . 
  the swedish home guard equipment is okay anyway . 
  it 's pretty much the same gear that you get during basic training in the regular army ... 
  except im the home guard we use ak4b while the regular army uses ak5c . 
  i much prefer the ak5 . 
  but we 're supposed to get new weapons in a few years , no one knows what though . 
  tough luck , compadre, 
  there are a crazy amount of beggars in sweden nowadays . 
  3-4 years ago you 'd rarely see a single beggar even after hours in central stockholm , now there are beggars in every corner ... 
  in all towns as well , even extremely small ones . 
  they come here from romania and bulgaria , beg for a couple of months and then they go back . 
  we do n't really know what to do about it , but i think more and more people want to make it illegal . 
  that 's not too bad . 
  i use a swedish ak4 ( modified g3 ) , made somewhere between 1965-1970 . 
  but then again i 'm not in the active army anymore , but the home guard . 
  ohh sorry man . 
  i 'm not * that * into military stuff ( other than the gear i use ) so i thought it was your weapon hehe . 
  i should do some more reading before i comment, 
  i did gmu in 2013 and we had the ak5c . 
  it was a sweet gun , i much prefer it over the ak4b . 
  i did get surpsingly many jams with my ak5 as well though , even though we spent hours cleaning them after each shooting . 
  i do n't think there was a single atom of gunpowder left in my weapon after each cleaning because we were so thorough . 
  still , had a few too many random jams if you ask me .
