  i half expected a knife in the back when he backed into the site towards quad, 
  also , you should visit skansen if you have time http://www.skansen.se/en/kategori/english, 
  hela min uniform under gmu var fr\u00e5n sent 80-tal, 
   i do n't even know who to blame , is it the police chief , the government , or the local politicians ? 
  whoever is to blame , all of these need to step up their game when it comes to our police force , and fix it . 
  we pay some of the highest taxes in the world , but we still do n't have a police force well-funded enough to do their job ? 
  this is far from okay . 
  a single refugee was beaten up two years ago and that means the entire police force is racist ? 
  lol, 
  poor guy, 
  awwdolf, 
  13 y/o me probably would 've said skateboard pro or something dumb like that ( i only skateboarded for like two years ) . 
  never would 've thought prison guard . 
  ever heard of molotovs bruh ? 
  they work wonders against places like these . 
   vac for no reason, 
  lol, 
   ranked up to mg2 yesterday, 
   mge flair, 
  fight fire with fire, 
  true . 
  but it explains it . 
  to be fair , a lot of the wehrmacht soldiers were just regular conscripts who did n't have a choice . 
  they were n't all necessarily hardcore nazis like the ss . 
  i was thinking jenna fischer, 
  ume\u00e5 knows whats up, 
  i wonder , related or a common last name ? 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i fixed it just by switching usb ports from the front of the computer to the back ... as i said , stupid solution was all it would take from me . 
  jw to analyst desk, 
   how was the game even fun without enemies ? 
  i mean zombies are pretty easy . 
  if you really enjoy playing the survival bit you can have fun without the player interaction . 
  when i started playing the mod in 2012 i spent the first couple of weeks in the forest , surviving by hunting and cooking water from ponds . 
  i did all i could to avoid other players and was extremely careful when i had to venture into towns or villages to look for ammo and meds . 
  it was fun for a while , but after some time ( and when i managed to convince a few friends to start playing ) , dayz became a pvp game with a hint of survivalism for me instead . 
  what 's the net for ? 
  land of the free nipples, 
  not even allowed to confiscate the camera ? 
  in sweden you 'd definetly not go to jail unless you 're proven to be a spy , but even regular citizens with no harmful intent can be detained by garrison guards until mp show up to question you and take away your camera to delete the pictures . 
  only diplomats can do it without us having any authority except trying to block their shots . 
  atleast you could jump straight back into the round, 
  fuckin marsellus wallace, 
  lets not get carried away, 
  install a lock on the door ... 
  old age, 
  still a decent k/d, 
  when you work at a grim/serious job , a lot of the things you start finding funny , other people will find horrible . 
  example , i 'm a jail guard in sweden , and when a colleague told me about an inmate trying to commit suicide by eating a mattress and suffocate on it i started laughing . 
  i found it hilarious because the mattresses are covered by hard plastic that would be impossible to bite through . 
  the idea of someone biting on that mattress was funny to me , but in reality it is of course extremely sad someone wanted to die that badly . 
  archeologist, 
  i do n't see the problem here . 
  i work 9hrs a day , but could still play 5hrs cs if i wanted to . 
  it depends on your commute and how much sleep you want , i guess . 
  8am-5pm , home at 6pm , but yes that 's correct . 
  i 'm not saying i do it , but i could if i wanted to . 
  say you do all your laundry and only meet up with friends on weekends , do n't really work out much etc , you absolutely have time for 5hrs gaming if you prioritize it . 
  you 're not anti-social for not hanging out with friends every weekday . 
  slumpen . 
  wow has become extremely casual friendly, 
  sleep paralysis is fucking terrifying . 
  you basically dream while awake in a paralyzed state . 
  the `` dreaming '' ( hallucination ? ), 
  differs from person to person , but imagine waking up and unable move ( sometimes ca n't breath ) and you see someone next to your bed . 
  i was convinced i would die when it first happened to me . 
  feels good to have opened 400 + with no knife and only shit weapon skins . 
  what bug is this ? 
  never noticed it, 
  where have you seen this ? 
  some subreddits have country flags as flairs for the users, 
  song name ? 
  as terrifying as it is cool, 
  send to prince of kenya and become millionaire in two weeks, 
  anyone know what music that is at [ 3:44 ] ( https://youtu.be/g2bzouz6h6c?t=223 ) ? 
  i * know * i 've heard it before , but i ca n't put my finger on where or how . 
  thanks a lot man !, 
  i could n't find what i was looking for in the culture section , but after listening to the song enough times i 'm sure i 'll remember sooner or later . 
  unfortunately not . 
  thanks for the help tho . 
  i 'll get back to you as soon as i remember where it was from . 
  this is gon na keep me up all night , good thing i 'm free from work tomorrow . 
  ur mum is a put on, 
  after listening to it until my ears bleed ( which was n't a bad thing since it 's awesome ) , i am 90 % sure i heard it being played by the swedish army marching band in some video on youtube that i obviously have watched several times since i remember it so fondly . 
  unfortunately i ca n't find the video , no matter how good i thought my internet searching abilities were . 
  i play a lot of roadhog , and while i do n't die from a flash + right click combo , what i find annoying with mccree is that every time i use my ulti , he pops up behind a corner and stuns me - ending the ulti . 
  plus it is fairly easy for a mccree to kill tanks as well , as he only have to flash , right click , do his roll , and is immediately able to right click again , which kills even tanks . 
  mccree is the worst hero i know . 
  i 'm guessing you 're talking about the quest to `` activate '' the mine . 
  i want to upgrade it to level 2 , and have bought the blueprints but i ca n't find the mine on the architect table with all the other buildings . 
  also this , at a fallen soldiers funeral : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi6trtbzumm, 
  i 've been to a lot of countries on different continents , and ireland is probably one of the countries i want to re-visit the * most * . 
  my weapon knowledge in general is very limited , but the rifles i used in the swedish army all had a 100 % unique bolt , without which the weapon was useless . 
  you could n't use the bolt from one rifle on another rifle . 
  anyone know if that 's the case with many brands of weapons ? 
  if so , it would be easy to keep such weapons on display , but hide away the bolts , rendering the weapons completely useless to steal . 
  except using them as a scare tactic during robberies , i guess . 
  still better than useable guns , though . 
  i see . 
  that 's too bad .
