  go to console and write the following :, 
  sv_cheats 1, 
  mp_roundtime_defuse 60, 
  sv_showimpacts 1, 
  sv_infinite_ammo 1 ( or 2 if you want the mag to run out of bullets ), 
  give weapon_ak47, 
  then start spraying at walls until you get a hold at it . 
  that 's exactly how your crosshair should move for a perfect spray , but that will take some time to learn . 
  basically , the first 3 shots will land pretty much where you aim ( depending on range ) , after that start pulling down . 
  on a single target you should n't need to do much more before it dies . 
  obviously a bit more tricky on moving targets . 
  practice make perfect . 
  does she have 10 dpi ? 
  edit : / s f\u00f6r er med internetautism, 
  tengil, 
  i 've worked as a correctional officer . 
  not in america , though , but i 'm sure it 's the same there . 
  90 % of the inmates were nice ( nice enough , atleast ) as long as you were n't a dick to them . 
  that ca n't be good for the eyes, 
  other countries do n't ? 
  edit : ord, 
  get_right got nothing on your spray control, 
  i think there should be a new elo . 
  like , bronze 1-5 . 
  most the guys i play with are either smfc or ge ( plus a few lem like myself ) so i play against smfc/ge on the regular , and i think the majority fo them do n't deserve being the highest rank in the game . 
  ge should be for people who are actually excellent players - like in sc2 for example where the highest rank are for extremely good players . 
  looks like some of them came around the corner just as it exploded , so in that sense you could call it a `` popflash '' . 
  but you 're right . 
  then why does your title say it always work, 
  i bet your smoke bounced on the roof before blocking off ct. 
  aim higher and the smoke will pop like 2 sec faster . 
  this was during a military conflict , in africa , 15 + years ago . 
  the quality is better than i expected . 
  unless you 're looking to get brain cancer i 'd highly suggest you do n't . 
  i 'm more interested in that special dildo, 
  i 'm more interested in that special dildo, 
  no one with a brain think you are cheating from seeing this . 
  nice shot though, 
  meh , people cry in chat for the smallest things , even at higher ranks . 
  at smfc/ge it feels like every game someone will stand perfectly still at one spot and shoot through smoke , so i just aim at where the shots come from and spray , and they call wh . 
   just because you 're a higher rank does n't mean you can see people through smokes . 
  no , but it means you should know which angles to shoot at through a smoke to be more likely to get a kill . 
  i 'm sure globals get more spam kills than atleast mge and lower . 
  so satisfying, 
  too many weird effects . 
  i felt like i had been on a rollercoaster after watching it . 
  sweet mousepad bro, 
  the a1 does n't need a nerf lel, 
  i came, 
  godlike game sense , good calls and a little bit of luck, 
  i love that shit . 
  those who hate it have often not tried it . 
  they 've smelled the stench and heard all the stories about it and think `` its basically rotten fish , why the fuck would i eat that '' , which i can understand ... 
  but it 's actually really good in my opinion . 
  i agree . 
  especially since a lot of people leave just before the game end so their ranks does n't even show on the end-game scoreboard . 
  it 's because they do n't drink against the grain of the liquor, 
  probably . 
  looks like he 's the squad leader . 
  i like when he charges with his handgun . 
  totally agree, 
  he looks like a character in reign of kings, 
  not even a friggin dollar ? 
  would those effetively camouflage you from thermal vision ? 
  would you drink milk with ice ? 
  no , you would n't . 
  that does n't mean milk sucks , it just means you do n't want it watered down . 
  your bloodline is weak and you will be amongst the first to die in the great winter . 
  someone wan na shed some light on hell week for a european ? 
  i mean , i understand the concept of it from the name , but a few details on what you are put through during that week would be interesting . 
  sweden has a royal guard unit called * livbataljon * , which consist of both infantry and cavallary guards . 
  the soldier in this gif is a cavallary guard ( however they are not on horseback when stationed at the different guard posts ) . 
  still , most swedish units of all branches in the armed forces ( including the reservists in the * home guard * ) will stand guard at the castle now and then , but they do n't use the traditional uniforms that the royal guards use . 
  edit : cavalry *, 
  haha yeah i was sure i did n't spell it correctly . 
  but as you might have figured out , english is n't my first language ... 
  thanks for telling me though, 
  hahaha i actually did basic training with that guy, 
  getting attached to your gear is what keep you alive, 
  climbing ladder with handgun drawn = suicide, 
  wtf ? 
  the last 2 years *, 
  no but srsly this problem has occured now and then since i started playing last summer, 
  i think it depends on your rate of fire . 
  op fired way too quickly to call this a one tap . 
  just because he hit the first shot that does n't make it a one tap , that would be pretty stupid . 
  if i fire 5 single shots with the ak , but in a very fast rate of fire , that 's not one tap , that 's 5 taps , even if just the fifth ( or first for that matter ) shot hits ( and it 's hs ) . 
  there should probably be atleast like 1 second between each shot for it to still count as a one tap ... 
  yeah what 's up with the downvote brigade on ops comments ? 
  ss-soldiers were often treated like shit , but wehrmacht was probably treated fairly well as a lot of them were just conscripted regular soldiers . 
  it 's a palestinian keffiyeh . 
  you can probably buy them online very easily . 
  nip almost always perform better at majors than other tournaments or `` random matches '' . 
  and since they have actually performed pretty well in matches leading up to this tournament , i would n't really call it * amazing * that they 've advanced to semi . 
  but yeah , them pretty much crushing tsm was n't something i thought would happen . 
  you were right, 
  it was still against tournament rules tho, 
  i do n't get it, 
  uh , yes . 
  it was .
