  i was so . 
  happy . 
  when i saw that tiny flame come to life . 
  what awaited me now was 16hrs of complete darkness , though . 
  i was too cold to sleep , as the fire refused to grow with the little and loussy `` firewood '' i had . 
  so all i could do was crawl around on my knees , looking for more firewood by searching the ground with my hands . 
  i got to stay there for 48 hrs , and the second night was even colder . 
  and guess what happened the second night ? 
  yeah , that 's right , my fire went out . 
  i fell a sleep a little too long from exhaustion and my fire went out . 
  i woke up in complete fucking darkness , cold as shit , and i could n't for my life get the fire to start . 
  so i took the stones from the fireplace and placed them in my groin area and armpits to try and stay warm , which i did ( for a while ) but i got nasty burns from it aswell ( do n't worry , only temporary ) . 
  anyway , that sucked , and right then and there i honestly wished for an injury just so i could leave . 
  ** tl : dr ** : basic can suck ass . 
  glad i did it though . 
  sucks about your brother , i can understand that he did what he did if that was the only way to get out and he hated it . 
  edit : just remembered another fun anecdote from my lonetime in the forest . 
  i had to take a shit , the only shit i took in those 9 days ( because no food ) . 
  i did n't have any toiler paper , obviously , and there were no leaves or nothing because winter , so i was pretty conflicted about that . 
  then i remembered `` oh yeah , i sprained my ankle during the march , my foot is wrapped in gauze bandage '' . 
  so i cut off a bit of that stinky foot bandage and wiped my ass with it . 
  good times . 
  sometimes i miss it . 
  or maybe you had an easy basic . 
  or maybe you 're just an asshole who ca n't accept the fact that military life is n't for everyone . 
  haha , do n't worry , you 'll manage . 
  if you 're unlucky it might be cold for you as well , you can never trust april in sweden . 
  atleast it wont be as dark . 
  just remember when you feel the most down during never give up , it 's so fucking worth it when it 's all over . 
  i would never be able to forgive myself if i had quit when i was so close to the end . 
  so do i , no doubt . 
  no , they were n't . 
  sk\u00e5ne ( scania ) is a part of the g\u00f6taland ( land of geats ) region in todays ' sweden , but scanians were never geats . 
  scania was a part of denmark . 
  the blue part is where the geats lived . 
  ( yellow = swedes , green = gutes ), 
  sweden has a lot of problems with an extremely failed immigration , that politicians refuse to acknowledge . 
  racism is n't a big issue in sweden , the issue is rather that you ca n't discuss the negative aspects of our failed immigration without being labeled a racist . 
  people claim that the rising party sweden democrats are a racist far right party , when in fact they are just a social-conservative party that want to lower our immigration to a point that we can actually handle , but still in accordance to the un protocol . 
  sweden is really fucked up in some ways . 
  i know very little about the true finns so i do n't know . 
  but i 'll tell you this - the sweden democrats get called racist because of their immigration politics , but their immigration politics are still much more generous than even the current one in finland . 
  so those claiming sd is a racist party are pretty much saying all of finland is racist . 
  it 's all just so dumb . 
  the word racism has lost all its meaning thanks to european leftists . 
  sounds like this swedish folk saga called `` h\u00e5rga-dansen '' . 
  the devil showed up in the village h\u00e5rga as a traveling musician and started playing for the village youth , who then danced until they died . 
  there 's a pretty cool folk song about it `` h\u00e5rgal\u00e5ten '' that my grandma used to sing for me when i was a little kid . 
  dog du ? 
  sweden removed conscription military service 5 years ago , but the budget cuts started in the early 90 's ( not so weird , the cold war ended ) . 
  the budget cuts went way too far , though , and now we are left with almost nothing . 
  the relationship between sweden and finland is good , i would say . 
  there are a lot of talk about increasing military defense cooperation between our nations . 
  i 'd love to see us increase our budget and join in a `` defense alliance '' ( or w/e you 'd call it ) with finland . 
  the problem is that russia would start acting like a baby as usual and cry about how we are evil westernes who want to kill them , and most likely would increase their military presence at the finnish border . 
  scandinavians were the one 's to come up with it . 
  who the fuck cares , anyway . 
  it 's one of the movies ... ca n't put my finger on which one right now , though . 
  damn . 
  looks like he 's firing a pellet gun, 
  nah , i do n't think so . 
  i 've never really experienced rude american tourists ( atleast not worse than any other country ) . 
  kinda loud , i guess . 
  it was hilarious last year though , i took the train from sweden to denmark to go to the tivoli in copenhagen . 
  while i was standing in line one group of american tourists bumped into another group of americans and they were like `` hey you guys muricans ?? '', 
  and the other group said `` yeah man ! '', 
  and then they all started chanting `` usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa ! '' . 
  i almost laughed to tears , it felt so stereotypical . 
  i guess they were drunk though , most people at tivoli seem to be . 
  small heads-up : if you want to buy alcohol and drink in your hotel or something like that before going out ... sweden has monopoly on alcohol ( as do iceland iirc ) . 
  alcohol stronger than 3.5 % is only sold at [ ` systembolaget ' ] ( https://www.systembolaget.se/english/ ) and you have to be 20 to buy there . 
  they will be closed on friday because it 's a red day , but on saturday they 'll be open to 13.00 or 15.00 depending on which store you go to . 
  also , to be on the safe side , split the group so that the 19 y/os are n't even with you when you buy booze there . 
  it 's illegal to buy alcohol at systembolaget and then give it to people under 20 , for some reason . 
  you can buy enough booze for them to drink themselves to death at bars , but god help you if you buy a few beers at systembolaget and give to them . 
  i can totally understand that . 
  i think most people get really friendly with their countrymen abroad ( i know i do as a swede ) . 
  it was more the chanting that got me, 
  i 'm scared of heights so i did n't go near that thing anyway, 
  since i 've never been a tourist in my own town i 'm not sure how far that will get you ( shit 's expensive , yo ) - but you 'll be able to keep yourselves from boredom as long as you do some procrastination . 
  a week in stockholm is more than enough i 'd say before you 've drained atleast all the touristy stuff . 
  a few tips from the top of my head :, 
  - boat ride around stockholm ( hop-on hop-off boats probably not too expensive ), 
  - stockholm palace ( and drottningholm palace if you have the time to go just outside of the city ) . 
  there are changing of the royal guards at both palaces , but stockholm palace is better at that . 
  drottningholm is more beautiful , though , and has a large royal garden you can stroll around in . 
  - old town, 
  - there are a lot of bars and restaurants worth visiting , but that 's not my speciality . 
  also clubs . 
  18 is the legal age to drink , but not all places allow 18 year olds to enter . 
  the guards will let you know . 
  there are more , obviously , but i got ta go . 
  you have a lot of time to figure out what you wan na do here . 
  have fun, 
  uppsala is less than an hour away by train . 
  it 's an old college town . 
  they have domkyrkan ( uppsala cathedral ) for example , that might trigger your architecture boner . 
  there is n't too much to do there nightlife wise , though , unless you have a student college id ... do you have an american one ?
