  there are two more on the other side , first the protection lid made out of plastic which is impossible to see through - and the `` metal wire thing '' which prevents reflection from the sun and the red dot . 
  iirc it 's never opened , or , it might be when using nvg, 
  thats ugly as shit , but i guess it has a good function since you can stick twigs and stuff in the net for camouflage, 
  well , yeah , but it 's a whole lot easier to aim if you can actually see through the aimpoint . 
  do you remember the timestamp for this ? 
  the sound he does make it so much funnier, 
  yeah , found it . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=sm374yqle10#t=1640 damn it 's hilarious, 
  you can shoot surprisingly better with them open , so there you go . 
  i found the problem . 
  they did n't show because i had expansions set to hidden . 
  thanks a bunch !, 
  will try it out, 
  russian soldiers have already fired warning shots at unarmed ukrainian soldiers . 
  have n't been much of an outrage . 
  lucky you , i had fucking velociraptors a few nights ago . 
  i do n't get the reference, 
  the besieged irish radioed to their headquarters : `` we will hold out until our last bullet is spent . 
  could do with some whiskey '' . 
  kings among men, 
  i 'd like to hear you pronounce norwegian words, 
  in most european countries it is considered to be very cunty for a football player to celebrate their goal at the oposite teams fans , and the players know this . 
  so if they do it , they do it knowing it 's a taboo , which make it more cunty . 
  and if you did n't know , european football culture and fans can be * fucking crazy * . 
  he taunts them , they taunt him back . 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  just a different culture , that 's all . 
  what movie is that ? 
  thanks !, 
  i actually did n't really like the 2012 avengers that much ... 
  i mean , i would n't have walked out of a movie theater , it was * okay * . 
  but not nearly as good as i had thought it would be after reddit and friends had been praising it . 
  when it comes to facial hair , it has to be longer than 3 milimeter and well-kept . 
  as far as i know , the only unit in sweden not allowing facial hair is the `` livbataljon '' ( the royal guards ) , and that 's only when they are on royal guard duty . 
  while spending a longer amount of time at the garrison or doing field exercises etc they are allowed to grow a beard . 
  source : did basic training with the royal guards, 
  the vikings looked pretty much the same in all of scandinavia during the viking age , i 'm pretty sure he only used the picture as an example . 
  sweden 's a very small country . 
  facing russia , of course we would hope that nato would come to the rescue , anything else would be daft . 
  there 's no chance for a small country like sweden to hold off russia alone . 
  even if there was a nordic military union , russia is still 5x bigger than all of us together , and spend a lot more on their armed forces . 
  unfortunately sweden does n't want to join nato as a full member , which i think is too bad . 
  russia can still invade sweden along the entire swedish coast without having to go through finland . 
  looking at how much our politicians have destroyed our armed forces the last 20 years , russia would n't have to send much . 
  we * should * join nato in my opinion . 
  a lot of swedes does n't want to join because they do n't want to send troops to conflict zones , but i do n't agree with that . 
  we do n't have our conscription army anymore , today we have a proffesional army where everyone who choose to join and work do it freely , knowing they might be deployed , and they do n't mind . 
  the absolute majority of those who join the armed forces as a full-time or part-time employee want to be deployed , because that 's what they train for all these years . 
  if you only want to be in the army to be able to defend your country , you join the home guard , because then you wont get deployed anywhere else . 
  a lot of people leave the army because of this reason . 
  they train and train for years to be able to do their job extremly good , but they never get too , and so they stop seeing the point of their job . 
  so , not joining nato because of the reason that we will have to deploy more troops around the world is just a boloney argument in my opinion , unless you 're a pacifist . 
  but i do n't think pacifism works in the world we live in today so i do n't agree with you anyway . 
  and then of course it 's the national threats . 
  they are not high , and the risk of us actually getting invaded by , say , russia , is very small . 
  but thinking that the risk of us having to guard our borders once again does n't even exist is naive in my opinion . 
  so , we do n't really have that much to lose by joining nato , but we have a few things to gain . 
  our troops wo n't mind getting more chances to actually get to do their jobs , and * if * we were to be attacked , we would get help from nato . 
  because we have no chance in hell to be able to defend sweden alone with the tiny army we have . 
  they could be . 
  probably either that or strils\u00e4k . 
  could be flygbass\u00e4k as well but that 's a bit less likely i guess . 
  which is why we must join nato in my opinion . 
  not only will a full membership give us a powerful allie , but also force us to give more funding to our armed forces , making us better prepared . 
  pizza by alfredo is like eating a steaming hot circle of garbage, 
  in the swedish army , males and females share bedrooms and bathrooms . 
  worked perfectly fine during my basic last year , no one complained that they hade to shower at the same time and in the same showers as the other gender , or undress in the same room etc etc. 
  if they had split us up it would 've been much more of a `` us and them '' thing going on , but now that did n't really exist . 
  well , next year we may have no deployments . 
  we will withdraw troops from afghanistan this year , we withdrew all presence from kosovo a couple of months ago , and libya was almost 3 years ago . 
  but i understand your point , that it 's dumb to participate in the deployments without getting the benefits , and i agree . 
  however it 's more than just participating in deployments , like how much funds you give to your armed forces for example . 
  but personally i see nothing wrong with increasing our funding to f\u00f6rsvarsmakten . 
  i agree, 
  from what you see in the video the cops handles that situation really fucking awful . 
  why would you ever charge a man with knives , even after a stun grenade ? 
  keep a safe fucking distance with those guns so you have the time to shoot him in the leg if he actually tries anything , or until you can handle him without risking a knife right in the guts ( like shooting him with tazer or * perhaps the goddamn bean gun * ) . 
  look at that terrain , he would n't be able to charge fast either , and these guys obviously have their weapons locked and loaded , he would n't be able to do shit . 
  charging a dude with knives is so fucking stupid i do n't even get it , and then they shoot him when he turns around ? 
  he did n't even actually attack , * they * did . 
  they charged a guy with knives without giving him a proper stun , and then they shoot him in the back . 
  seriously this is just unproffesional . 
  they obviously failed hard with whatever they were trying to accomplish here , if their plan was n't to get to shoot someone . 
  edit : i 'm not talking inexperienced shit here either , i may not have police education but i did my military training with the royal swedish guards so i was well-trained in how to handle situations exactly like this one , and these cops did everything wrong . 
  you are right , but if i 've understood this situation correctly this guy is wielding knives , not a firearm . 
  if that 's their training i 'm not going to argue with it . 
  however , they still made a stupid as shit call charging the man . 
  if they are so impatiant that this was the tactic they chose to use , they are not good cops . 
  had they not charged him before he put the knives away , they woud n't have been so paranoid that they had to shoot him when he turned around . 
  had they breached into his house and saw him waving a knife at them 3 feet away the shooting would 've been justified , but in this scenario right here they did basically everything wrong , and there is no argument about it . 
  if this is how they are trained , it 's not their fault , but the entire training systems fault , and that 's even worse . 
  [ zlatan ca n't hear you over all the millions of fans chanting his name ] ( http://imgur.com/4etvqyh ), 
  man kan se mitt !, 
  i 'd say a tip is to start with the white portions , as they generally are not as runny as the normal portions , which might make it easier for a newbeginner . 
  i started with normal portions and used it for about two years before switching to white , which i started to prefer even though i was pretty much a seasoned snuser by then , and i still prefer it today , 4 years later . 
  the normal way is to just bake it into a ball with your fingers , it 's a bit tricky the first times to get it to not fall apart , but you learn quickly ( and it does n't matter if it 's not perfect , it will form up good once it 's under your lip ) . 
  loose is very good for many reasons : you can decide for yourself how big you want the snus to be , it 's often more tasty , and generally not especially runny . 
  but it has downsides aswell , especially when you 're new to it . 
  if you decide to bake with your fingers they will get a bit messy , and i guarantee you that some snus will end up between your teeth and all over your mouth ( especially when you spit it out ) , which can be uncomfortable ... and girls do n't tend to like it when you have a ball of loose snus under your lip . 
  why do norwegians sneak outside the pharmacy ?
