  if these guys also had a chopper at some point , they could easily fly around just farming all the heli crashes ( during 3hrs atleast 5-6 will appear on most servers ) . 
  and when you have a lot of gear and a well-hidden camp , you 'll eventually get bored . 
  some people will go out and start bandit for fun , others will go out and aim at becoming heroes . 
  i 'd say these guys were somewhere inbetween , since they did try to kill me by running me over at first , but then changed their minds and helped me . 
  i 've played this game a lot with a few mates , and if we would 've decided to make camps we could several times have had camps full with gear and atleast 2-3 vehicles , and sometimes choppers , but we usually do n't play like that because we 're not patiend enough . 
  hell , during a time where my mates stopped playing for about a month , i alone had a camp up ne with one uaz and one off-road pickup , both packed with guns , medics and shit , all which i had gathered alone in just about a week or two . 
  but after a while someone found it and destroyed all which he did n't take . 
  this novelty account will never succeed, 
  schindler 's list , the scene where oskar schindler watch from a hill how the germans gather all jews in the ghetto , and you see this little girl in a red dress walking through all the chaos . 
  shit 's sad yo, 
  man i 'm so glad i 've only used chapsticks like 2-3 times . 
  i have so many friends that are addicted to it . 
  i feel like it 's worth getting dry lips for a day now or then instead . 
  same thing with nose spray . 
  i wish i had an addiction like that . 
  i do enjoy taking a run late at night when it 's dark , but i still have to kick myself to get outside . 
  like the avarage soldier around the world always has , to be honest, 
  this is amazing, 
  5000 swedes and 30 000 russian mercs , and the poles were around 7 000 . 
  still pretty damn impressive , though . 
  [ atleast after that we had some golden times ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aqrwouz.jpg ) . 
  edit : also there were around 8000 casualties , so it was n't really an utter annihilation, 
  i was on the opposite side of this the other day . 
  was playing on panthera and had just killed a guy and put my main gun in his car so i could take his gun as well , when his mate comes up out of nowhere right behind me and starts shooting me from like one meter with an mk 48 , but still i had enough time to turn around and put several bullets in his head with my hand gun so both died . 
  he did n't deserve to die that day , and i almost feel bad for shooting him because it should n't be like that . 
  that probably goes without saying, 
  oh damn , i had no idea . 
  i just kinda assumed it was legal basically everywhere . 
  sorry about that . 
  days are n't too short in september so it should n't be a problem, 
  in that case , according to the title , op is a stinking liar, 
  pff , quite the contrary . 
  i 'd go there and make all their guards laugh until they have no soldiers left . 
  then , finally , the swedish empire can once again arise and conquer england . 
  edit : to clarify , i see now how i made it sound like we had conquered england before , which we never have . 
  but now we finally have our chance . 
  ready the cannons , caroleans !, 
  + emma stone and this would 've been perfection, 
  fuck you you 're the asshole around here, 
  yeah or when you 're in the middle of nowhere with a broken leg and no morphine . 
  sometimes you just want to be able to commit suicide . 
  care to explain why ? 
  wow , really ? 
  how the hell did i miss this, 
  that 's great , thanks !, 
  or colorado . 
  i 'm from sweden so i have been to several skiing locations here , and even though several of them are absolutely fantastic , breckenridge is still a strong # 2 after the alps on my list of skiing locations i 've visited . 
  however they all of course have their own great differences . 
  never been to utah though . 
  one of my more embarrasing moments in dayz is actually when i teamed up with a german dude on nwaf , and i decided it was a good idea to fire my lee at a zombie . 
  made that poor bastard spend all of his m4a1 ammo to help me kill what must 've been the * entire * airfield . 
  i felt like such a noob . 
  never again . 
  i just finished reading a biogrophy about a norwegian man who joined waffen ss wiking/nordland at age 16 and went on fighting on the eastern front until he lost his arm in artillery fire in 1944 , and was later captured by american troops and put in pow camps for waffen-ss where he almost died of malnutrition . 
  incredibly interesting reading , and makes you understand that not all ss were bloodlusted , jew-hating nazi fanatics , but also just young boys looking for an adventure . 
  edit : the man is named ivar skarlo , the author of the book is odd helge brugrand , if anyone is interested . 
  do n't know how many languages it is translated to , or where to get a hold of it most easily though . 
  i 'm a member of the * swedish military history library * ( basically a book club with military history books ) , and got it from them ( in swedish ) . 
  probably would have for some , but not for others , just like today . 
  a large amount of scandic ( and other foreign ) volunteers in waffen ss did it either of lust for adventure or to fight the bolsheviks attacking finland , which , atleast the scandic vounteers , were promised to do ( but later never got to do ) . 
  many of them , including ivar skarlo , were never taught any nazi ideology or race biology during their military training in waffen ss , but rather only if they later trained to become an officer within ss . 
  you are of course right that waffen ss was the branch that comitted the autrocities like mass executing and were in charge of concentration camps , but you ca n't forget that there were more than * one million * soldiers in waffen ss , and a large amount of those had * no idea * what was going on in the rest if their branch . 
  they merely thought they were in one of the most elite military branches in the world at the time , and would of course feel a sense of pride because of it . 
  i 'm not saying we should not care what the waffen ss did during wwii , i 'm just saying a lot of them had no part , nor knew anything , about the orders other regiments carried out on behalf of himmler . 
  it 's amazing , try it, 
  you do not come off as rude , i understand that me defending waffen-ss soldiers seem strange . 
  skarlo is definetly not seen as a hero , and i never said he was or is . 
  skarlo was convicted for treason and branded a traitor , but because of his young age when enlisting not executed , and was even lucky enough to be allowed to stay in norway , while many others were banned from the country . 
  however he had a really tough time getting jobs etc , which of course is understandable . 
  the reason skarlo joined waffen ss and not the norwegian resistance group or alliance forces was simply because of his friends who all thought the german forces with their cool uniforms , extreme disciplin , and luck with the local norwegian girls , plus the chance to fight bolshevism , seemed like the coolest option at the time for him . 
  a 16-year-old boy is very easily manipulated . 
  you are correct that they became stone-cold killers . 
  with the extreme german military disciplin taught to recruits , and then the fighting at the eastern front against hoards of russians just rushing towards his mg 34/42 who he was forces to fire upon if he did not want to die himself , anyone would eventually become a stone-cold killer . 
  however this still does n't mean he was a nazi who did it out of hatred towards jews or belief in any nazi ideologies or race biology , he was basically just a soldier in what he thought was just an elite military branch , and he ended up on the eastern front where some of the most fierce fighting in the history of man kind occured . 
  do n't you think normal conscripted wehrmach-soldiers turned into stone-cold killers aswell ? 
  of course they did . 
  american soldiers , british soldiers , resistance-militia , they all had men who turned into stone-cold killers during this war of wars . 
  skarlo , and many other norwegian ss soldiers , often thought about deserting and fleeing to sweden when home on furlough , but they realized that by doing so , their family and friends might be harmed , or they could be caught and put in penelty batallions . 
  they are not a majority , * but there were * soldiers in waffen ss who only thought they where in an elite unit , and knew nothing about what was going on , nor would 've supported it . 
  extreme german military discipline and fierce fighting against hoards of russians on the eastern front would make any boy a vicious killer after some time . 
  still does n't mean they all joined waffen ss out of nazi or race biology beliefs . 
  i 'm not defending all of waffen ss here , i 'm just saying there were an amount of ss soldiers who joined out of other reasons , and that should not be overlooked . 
  as i 've said i do n't defend waffen ss , i merely explain that waffen ss was n't a big mass of jew-hating , murder-loving psychopaths , but it consisted of many different individuals , and some of them did n't join at all because of any nazi ideology . 
  read some books that are n't written by the victor and you 'll see that there are more than one sides of history , and it will at once get a lot more interesting . 
  racists say that what the ss did was good . 
  i say that there were an amount of individuals in ss who did n't know what the rest was doing , nor hade any nazi beliefs , but joined for other reasons . 
  what part of you think that it is a horrible thing to acknowledge that fact ? 
  got back yesterday from two weeks of backpacking in ireland , it was fucking wonderful . 
  really beautiful country, 
  did n't see as much of the country as i had hoped because i did n't want to leave any of the places i went to . 
  but i went dublin - limerick - galway - aran islands - kilarney - cork - dublin . 
  my only regret is that i did n't visit more small towns/villages , but i 'll definetly go back one day and do that . 
  actually it 's more like `` bulletsprayer '', 
  a garden hose is called a `` tr\u00e4dg\u00e5rdsslang '' ( tr\u00e4dg\u00e5rd = garden , slang = hose , but we put them together as one ) . 
  however , if you 're gon na hose something , i.e your car when washing it , you 'd say that you 're gon na `` spruta '' your car with your `` tr\u00e4dg\u00e5rdsslang '' , when in english you 'd say hose your car with your hose , if i 'm correct . 
  so i can see the misconception . 
  also i 'm pretty bad explaining words and language but i hope i made sense . 
  i 'm starting my military training in sweden in a month , i 'm looking forward to get to shoot with the ak5c, 
  otherwise you 'll just have to wait until winter and walk over on the ice . 
  just make sure the danes understand you 're not a swede , or they 'll get to hit you with sticks until you leave .
