  i work in a transport unit so handcuffed inmates are a daily occurence for me . 
  however , on average i only transport one inmate per day and we 're always atleast 2 co 's on 1 inmate , therefore it 's not necessarily my handcuffs being used . 
  so i 'd say on a normal week i do n't handcuff more than 2 different inmates . 
  other weeks however i might have cuffed 10 different inmates , hence why i sometimes clean them more frequently ( like everyday ) . 
  also griefing . 
  i know not all are like that , obviously , but damn a lot of the russians i play with in nova are griefers . 
  they ( read : many ) do n't speak english , they lag as shit , grief ( yelling in mic when you 're only one left , tkills/damage often until banned so you 're left with bots , purpously team flash/smoke etc ) , refuse to listen to tactics but run away on solo adventures with bomb ... the list can go on . 
  i 've met nice russians of course , but i can honestly and without doubt say that i have more bad experience with them than good ones , and i know i 'm not alone in that . 
  i 'd love to be able to choose which countries i want to be teamed up with . 
  you suck, 
  did we watch the same game ? 
  that fucking sucks . 
  i work as a correctional officer so i know how it feels getting shit from retards without a reason , but i still rather work in a jail than a fast food restaurant on a friday night . 
  i love you guys though , getting a burger at 3am on the way home after a bunch of beers is the best . 
  is this thailand ? 
  looks like a place i visited a few years back . 
  we went by canoe , though . 
  not as hard to fit . 
  var gott i usa i alla fall, 
  sant, 
  i fucking love surstr\u00f6mming . 
  it 's very tasty when you eat it the right way . 
  ak5c , the standard issued weapon in the swedish armed forces . 
  he does , whereas the one further away does not . 
  a bit strange . 
  always worth a try, 
  wait , you lose your rank entirely ? 
  like , having to go through `` 2 wins a day '' to get ranked again after just a month of idle ? 
  i understand de-ranking , but losing everything after just a month seem a bit harsh . 
  i see . 
  thanks, 
  very rough year for them with segerstr\u00f6ms ' sudden death and all : /, 
  true . 
  i work as a correctional officer in sweden , most of the inmates are very nice as long as you are nice to them . 
  even the murderers and child rapists . 
  i 'm surprised your national guard even gets deployed . 
  i always thought it was for national defense only . 
  do you have that option in the us ? 
  i mean , is there some kind of armed defense forces you can join if you * just * want to defend your country if it were ever invaded , but not having to deploy abroad ? 
  i see . 
  in sweden we have a home guard who are just a reserve force that can be used in case our country would be invaded . 
  they do n't work as soldiers , but they are trained as it ( though obviously no elite troops ) . 
  all that 's required is a three month basic infantry training and then two exercises per year . 
  then we have full-time and part-time soldiers , airmen and sailors . 
  these have all accepted to go overseas if they are required too , because it 's their job . 
  the part-time soldiers , though , i guess is a bit like your national guard . 
  they need atleast 9 month training ( depending on unit ) , and then they can go work civilian jobs until they are deployed . 
  i think it 's good . 
  to be able to be trained to a soldier that can defend your own country , but not required to go overseas and fight in anyone elses war . 
  thanks a bunch man , i learned a lot, 
  a fucking hargraven once set a bounty on me . 
  i do n't even know what i had done to her , but boy , did she make a mistake . 
  ah , yes , that make sense . 
  it was on my current playthrough that i for the first time found anise in the middle of the woods , and for reasons that need not be mentioned i had to kill her . 
  since it was in the middle of nowhere i thought no one could 've known it was me so i brushed it away as a possibility ... 
  but dark magic and shit , i guess . 
  thanks man , now there 's one less mystery in skyrim for me . 
  i did n't want to spoil it for those who have not yet found her , 
  men var vill du komma ? 
  hehehe, 
  all parts of stockholm are pretty much completely safe during daylight , you got ta be unlucky or stupid for something to happen , and the area from the frihamnen port to central stockholm is probably one of the safest so that wont be a problem . 
  if you are gon na walk i recommend you take some time to go to djurg\u00e5rden , it will be very nice at the end of may and i 'm sure you 'll be able to find some nice caf\u00e9 or restaurant . 
  you could also take a stroll past the royal palace , perhaps watch the changing of the guards , and then old town is just a stone throw away . 
  now , i do recommend an hour or so in old town , but know that there are a lot of tourists there . 
  not really a place where you 'll meet too many locals . 
  if you wan na meet locals you could go to s\u00f6dermalm , it 's very hipster though , and you probably wan na take the metro there since you do n't have that much time . 
  but you 'll be able to find some cozy caf\u00e9s and local bars there . 
  otherwise you can also just chill in central stockholm . 
  you 'll find caf\u00e9s , bars , restaurants and shopping at most areas in central stockholm . 
  stockholm is n't very big so you 'll be able to visit many places in your short amount of time , even if you mainly want to walk . 
  if you 're lucky you might even spot a famous ( infamous ? 
  depends who you ask ) * studentflak * , they ussually start appearing at the end of may , but do n't peak until ~ june 10th . 
  the metro is the underground train . 
  there are trams and buses in stockholm as well but the train ( called * tunnelbana * ) is often the fastest way to travel . 
  haha that 's awesome . 
  tear gas sucks hard . 
  just walking into a tear gas chamber that has n't even been recently used will make your eyes and throat sting ... 
  snus increase the risk of cancer in the pancreas by about 60 % , but it 's like 1 in a million chance to get pancreas cancer in the first place , so i 'll take those chances . 
  is it ? 
  so everything that increase your chance of dying even the slightest is stupid to do ? 
  ok , i guess no more hockey , beer , driving , swimming , fast food , skiing etc etc etc etc for me . 
  i 'll just stay in my home the rest of my fucking life . 
  60 % increase from 1 in a million still is n't a big risk . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96odurksnps ( l\u00e5gt ljud ), 
  you might want to clarify that being a `` swedish democrat '' does n't just mean you 're a democrat from sweden , it means that you vote for the party `` sverigedemokraterna '' ( sweden democrats ) , the third largest party in sweden , and the only party in the riksdag who wants to cut down on immigration to sweden . 
  `` causes mouth cancer '' . 
  it increases the risk by 60 % , which sound like a lot , but there 's like 1 in a million chance to get mouth cancer in the first place , so you 'll still have to be very unlucky to get it ... 
  even if you use snus . 
  but obviously it 's best not to get addicted to nicotine in any way . 
  i 've been using snus for 7-8 years , nothing disgusting about my inside lip . 
  i mean , it 's noticable for a dentist that i use snus , but that 's about it . 
   coupled with zakharchenko 's recent order to stop taking ukrainian soldiers prisoner ,, 
  what the fuck , please tell me this does n't mean they execute captured ukrainian soldiers, 
  i read a book written by a swedish guy who went to prison in bolivia for attempting smuggling . 
  pretty interesting . 
  it 's called el choco , do n't know if it exists in english though , but you could check it out . 
  maybe you 're thinking about el choco ? 
  a swede who went to prison in bolivia . 
  he told the same thing in his book anyway . 
  and before that they do a 3 month basic military training that all swedish soldiers go through before being sent to their specific units .
