  shit , you 're probably excactly how someone would portray a leftist in a parody sketch . 
  h&k g3 right ? 
  that 's what i thought , but i was n't certain as there are other weapons that look very similar , and the swedish version i 've used ( ak4b ) looks a little bit different . 
  sound never bothered me as we are all issued comtacs in the swedish army , but i ca n't say i very much liked the weapon anyway . 
  it was heavy , clumsy and not particularly easy to clean compared to modern rifles . 
  it 's a good thing it is planned to be replaced soon , along with the ak5c that the regular army use . 
  i do n't think it 's been completely decided yet . 
  it 's allright . 
  as you said , it 's heavy but reliable . 
  perhaps still a little too heavy in my opinion . 
  a design flaw in the gun is that you 're able to fold the butt of the rifle [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/exnd5sj.jpg ) ( this is an older version of the ak5 ) to fight in very close quarters etc , but when you do there is a small risk that the empty casing bounce on the butt and back into the chamber , really lodging itself in there and making the weapon useless until you fix it . 
  this happened to me once in training . 
  in a situation you 'd use this feature this will pretty much mean you are dead . 
  other than that it 's a fine rifle . 
  mine had a few too many malfunctions , but that was probably because the rifle was old and others before me had n't cared for it properly . 
  iirc it has n't been completely decided yet . 
  i 've heard some rumours that it will probably be one of either hk416/417 , scar-l/h or g36 . 
  but that 's just rumours . 
  i might be wrong , but i think it 's because the m4 does n't go very well with the cold swedish climate . 
  might 've been the m16 i was thinking about, 
  maybe you 're right , not my area of expertise . 
  i shot an m16a2 when i was in the army , and an officer claimed that one of the reasons sweden has n't considered it is because it 's unreliable in our climate . 
  but tbh i do n't think he was much of an weapon expert either . 
  cheap . 
  he never said it 's a piece of shit , he said it is n't optimal in swedish climate . 
  i never thought you attacked anyone , i was just responding to your comments . 
  no harm done lel, 
  the world does n't revolve around you . 
  people like you guys are the reason the rest of reddit thinks this place is such a cesspool . 
  you are also the reason so many people think atheists are cunts . 
  and no , i 'm not religious . 
  that 's the dumbest shit i 've ever heard . 
  going to the playground is also free . 
  some people are arsonists and like to burn shit , is it an acceptable practice that they burn down all the play equipment because it make them feel good ? 
  i 'd rather say that since it is completely free , it makes it worse . 
  if you take a towel or some soap from a motel i do n't care , that 's something that you pay for . 
  the bible is n't something you pay for when you rent a room . 
  but the owner still bought it ( or received it for free from some organization , it does n't really matter ) , and put it in the nightstand because some people can actually find comfort in it . 
  and it bothers no one else that does n't want it . 
  if you need all the space , just put it under the bed or whatever . 
  but no , you guys are such fucking mental cases that just have to push your own agenda on everyone else , so you decide you must steal it or throw it away because you do n't like the idea of god , and therefore no one else is allowed to either . 
  you really are a bunch of entitled little cunts who has to make everything about yourself . 
  i do n't know , tbh . 
  i used the ak5c which looks like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s5lhboq.jpg ) . 
  never seen that thing at the tip of the barrel before . 
  wtf is up with those gang signs, 
  i had a collegue from finland telling me how during his military service , a conscripted cook from another regiment was so scared that he froze when throwing live hand grenades for the first time . 
  he managed to get so far that he removed the pin and `` threw '' the grenade , meaning he did the throwing motion and the grenade was activated , but he never actually released the grenade completely . 
  then he just froze . 
  so the instructor grabbed the cooks hand and held it outside of the safe zone , while pushing the kid down behind cover with his own body . 
  the grenade went off and they both lost an arm , but survived . 
  i remember being pretty nervous myself the first time i was gon na throw a live grenade in swedish basic training , and i sure as hell would n't want to be an instructor having to stand there with nervous recruits all day . 
  tl ; dr : conscripted cook in finlands armed forces got scared and froze when throwing grenade for the first time , resulted in him and the instructor losing one arm each . 
  well shit , maybe it 's just one of those stories that goes around in a bunch of armies . 
  but on the other hand ( or arm hehehe ) it probably has happened more than once . 
  and these one probably did as well . 
  you do n't need to release much pressure from the lever for it to pop off . 
  and he did the throwing motion , so he most likely had the lever under his fingertips and released enough pressure from the lever for it to pop off , but never fully released his grip off the grenade . 
  i think you misunderstand me . 
  the cook was totally frozen with an active grenade in his hand that would go off in a matter of seconds . 
  so before it exploded the instructor grabbed the cooks hand with the unexplored but cooking grenade in it , and held it outside of the safety zone while pressing himself and the kid down behind the cover . 
  the grenade then exploded and ripped both guys arm off . 
  yeah i 've thought about it a lot myself . 
  i guess amazing training and just being a generally good guy made the instructors instincts being to save the cook and lose an arm , when a lot of people in that situation would 've just leapt to cover . 
  honestly i would n't have blamed him if he just took cover himself . 
  it 's literally a split second life and death decision . 
  when i did basic training myself , before going onto the real grenades , we trained with practice grenades that work the exact same way as the real ones , but are n't more than fire crackers in power . 
  after you pull the pin you have to flick open a second little safety thingy on top of the grenade . 
  one of my squad mates did a stupid and decided do flick it open with the same thumb he was holding the grenade , which very slightly released pressure from the lever . 
  that was enough for it to pop off and activate the grenade . 
  so if the finnish grenade is anything like our swedish grenades , it 's far from impossible . 
  i heard it from him 4 years ago , and i do n't know his exact his age but he was at least 35 . 
  so it would 've happened at least 18-19 years ago from today . 
  right ? 
  i thought it was a bit funny as well hehe, 
  yeah . 
  i mean i 'm not gon na swear on my mothers grave it 's true . 
  he was n't there himself , but he said it happened the same year he did his military service , and it was pretty big news . 
  at least for people in the military . 
  and i would n't peg him as a liar . 
  from what little info we get from the description , it seems the assilant attacked that guy specifically . 
  if i was sitting on the bus and saw some kid with a kitchen knife walk in and start attacking some guy , i 'd probably assume it was gang related or something and just get the fuck out of there . 
  if it was an obvious robbery attempt however , i would help the guy when he started fighting back . 
  bruh , keep talking shit about surstr\u00f6mming and i 'll walk over the ice and invade your ass . 
  easy mistake . 
  when they were formed as a volunteer militia early in the war , they named themselves `` azov batallion '' . 
  honestly very impressive production value etc for such a tiny tournament . 
  13.000 # prize pool and ~ 1300 viewers , but this could seriously pass as a 250k + prize pool tournament with 500k + viewers . 
  if you ignore the fact that there are no audience etc ofc, 
  it 's apparently not uncommon that the guards just discard of their weapons , like throwing them in the ocean , before they 're to enter ports . 
  edit : proof to whoever downvoted me, 
  yeah i recognized him instantly . 
  for all workaholics fans here , you probably recognize him as well . 
  he 's the gay guy who brings adam home from the bar in the episode ` friendship anniversary ', 
  to be honest it 's not at all strange that people are much more familiar with the rwandan genocide compared to the srebinica massacre . 
  while every innocent life lost is just as terrible as the other , and i hate to talk about them as they are just numbers , 800 000 civilian deaths is a much larger number than 8000 . 
  i had never heard about that before . 
  those tutsis were really committed to their cause ... 
  will definitely watch when i get home from work . 
  thanks !,
