  they do n't want to wake the sleeping pills . 
  why do norwegians crawl in the store ? 
  they are looking for low prices . 
  what did the norwegian say when he found out he had vacuum in his head ? 
  `` better than nothing '', 
  how do you sink a norwegian u-boat ? 
  you swim down and knock on the hatch, 
  the first jokes you are ever taught in sweden are about how dumb norwegians are . 
  i can go on all day . 
  seriously ? 
  pics like these are an extreme minority of the posts that are usually upvoted on this sub . 
  generally the quality of posts are very good and relevent to what this sub is about , so who the fuck cares if a post like this slips to the front page now and then ? 
  get off your high horses , people . 
  belittling women ? 
  how insensitive are you ? 
  how is it sexist and belittling to think a woman is pretty ? 
  it 's just ridiculous how far this sexism thing has gotten , where it 's being cried out as soon as someone posts a picture of a woman . 
  check the frontpage and you 'll see the exact same reaction about the swedish male soldier in afghanistan with his ksp90 . 
  post a picture of a beutiful person and people will acknowledge their looks . 
  it has nothing to do with sexism , they 're just hot . 
  plain and simple as that . 
  there are greater things to worry about than people responding positively to hot persons . 
  edit : note that i 'm not defending the comments who actually * are * being kinda sexist , but just the post in general . 
  they 're not during basic training , if they 're out in the field or if they are royal guards . 
  otherwise they are free to use it . 
  please . 
  maybe i understand you wrong because of your fancy english , you see , it 's not my first language . 
  but , so you want posts like these to be banned because there will be a few creepy comments in them ? 
  or have i misunderstood you ? 
  it will take a long time ( several weeks ) for snus to go bad even if you do n't keep it in the fridge , but if a snus goes bad it basically only means that it will dry up . 
  you can still get the kick out of it , but it wo n't taste nearly as good . 
  if you keep snus in the fridge it will take several months , if not years , for it to go bad . 
  there was a swedish miner called fat mats who was killed in a cave-in while working in falu copper mine in 1677 , his body was found well-preserved 42 years later and on it his can of snus , that too extremely well-preserved . 
  sure snus has changed since then , but keep it in a cool and damp place and it will last for a really long time today aswell . 
  edit : just do n't keep the lid off . 
  and yesterday a father of two was killed in sweden in a brawl before a football game . 
  so fucking horrible and unnecessary . 
  joke 's on you , 15 is legal where i live, 
  it 's good to have a breath of fresh air when it comes to cop videos on reddit . 
  too often the cops posted about here seem to have no training whatsoever except from shooting cans in their backyard . 
  these cops were professionals . 
  it was only unfortunate that one of the cops dropped his gun , but you ca n't blame him . 
  well whaddaya know , i had even upvoted that post, 
  human rights . 
  that 's why we 've had troops deployed in several conflict zones since the 50 's . 
  we have just as much of reason to be in afghanistan , for example , as the us . 
  though one could argue about how strong those reasons are today since the war is n't really going anywhere . 
  a man in sweden , called * lasermannen * ( the laser man ) , shot immigrants ( mostly ) using a laser on his weapon . 
  but he was no real sniper . 
  scheisse , what a viking, 
  if you edit within a minute or two after posting there will be no star, 
  edit : see ? 
  you will just have to trust me on this one . 
  try it out for yourself , i promise you it 's not an elaborate ruse to make you look like a fool . 
  did my basic training with the swedish royal guards . 
  they have loaded guns , but no round in the chamber , so it 's not impossible for it to be the same in england . 
  [ ftfy ] ( http://nooooooooooooooo.com/ ), 
  / r/combatfootage might enjoy this photo as well, 
  right ? 
  in sweden it was common to only have 3 channels well into the 2000s from my experience . 
  well i never was the smart one of me and my siblings, 
  doubt it . 
  this is from a swedish comedy show, 
  the lore in warcraft is so great, 
  same in sweden . 
  after your basic training , the phrase `` finger , muzzle , safety '' ( as in always keep your finger off the trigger , always have safety on , and * never * point the muzzle at someone you 're not about to engage in combat ) is something you will have repeated so many times you will say it in your sleep . 
  link pls, 
  i 'm swedish and i love that shit . 
  not very popular among youths , but it just takes getting used to . 
  in sweden the mag58 gunners are sometimes called vultures , because carrying the mag58 gives you this crooked vulture neck . 
  we called it the field syndrome in the swedish army, 
  i use it when i go home from work , 
  am i alone in thinking for a really long time that isla fisher and amy adams was the same person ? 
  i was mind blown when i realized my mistake a couple of months ago . 
  plit, 
  beautiful . 
  likely to be one of allsvenskans goal of the season, 
  but julian this is a pirates gun, 
  every single thread with a picture of someone 's wife or gf . 
  whisky generally is n't appreciated ice cold for one thing . 
  edit : i see now when i zoomed in that it 's the water or soda that 's ice cold , so disregard my comment . 
  it 's a difference with the drink getting cooler , and with the drink being ice cold . 
  i 'm fairly sure it rarely has time to become * ice cold * before it 's been finished . 
  if it were to become that cold it would , if it is a standard on the rocks with ice * in * the glass , get extremely watery and just taste like fucking shit . 
  if it is a `` traditional '' on the rocks , where the glass is standing * on * the ice , it will take even longer for it to , if it ever will , become ice cold . 
  my point is that the joke started growing old about a year ago , but still , every post . 
  but such is life . 
  not really . 
  but then again i do n't know what range he was firing from and i 've only fired it on a practice range , not in real life combat , which is a pretty damn big difference . 
  it obviously depends on what snus you use , and how much you use . 
  for example , a cheap white tasteless snus usually wo n't make any smell at all , while an expensive original snus will smell pretty much . 
  however , it usually does n't smell particulary bad , but more like a strong scent of tea . 
  if your mouth is dry it will smell more as well , just like a dry mouth = bad breath . 
  you wont need more than a mouth full of water and you will be smell-free . 
  also , from my own experience , snusing a lot = dry mouth = bad breath , so keep that in mind . 
  but maybe that 's just me . 
  we like to live in the past since it was a great time for us . 
  for you , not so much . 
  i have never seen this story before nor read or heard of the manifestation ( maybe it 's an american thing ? ) . 
  can you explain to me what this is all about ?
