  i have no sympathy at all for these streamers . 
  not only is it * such an easy goddamn fix * , but they also handle it like such divas . 
  you 're right , i have no proofs . 
  this is the internet , and i 'm not god , so it 's impossible for me to know exactly who is telling the truth about what . 
  however , stream sniping and the ( alleged ) bans that follows , is by far the largest continuing discussion on this and other pubg forums . 
  i have a hard time believing that 'd be the case if there were no truth whatsoever behind it . 
  no matter what i could find by wasting my time on reddits awful search engine and show to you , you can still claim that i have no proof it 's not a lie , so there 's no point to this discussion . 
  the only thing i can prove to you is that stream sniping is one of the easiest things for a streamer to prevent , and they have no one but themselves to blame for still letting it happen . 
  a ~ 30 sec delay on the stream and the problem is virtually non-existent . 
  all right , you bested me on the banning subject . 
  i do however still believe that streamers themselves are at their own fault for getting stream sniped in the first place , but that 's not what we 're discussing . 
   there is one episode left this season . 
  fuck i hate being reminded of that, 
  goofs and gaffs, 
  this shit is dangerous , and people often do n't know about it . 
  i used to take anti-depressants a few years back , and at a party i was going to use ecstacy for the first time . 
  luckily my best friend knew i was taking the medicine , and had read that there 's a small risk that mixing certain anti-depressants ( like the one i took , sertralin ) with ecstacy may cause extreme brain damage and even death . 
  i was myself once a soldier in the royal swedish life guard infantry unit , and since then i 've been in love with the swedish ( and other countries ) army bands . 
  when it comes to sweden , these two are my absolute favourite performances that are on youtube :, 
  [ brudmarsch fr\u00e5n revsund ( bride 's march from revsund ) ] ( https://youtu.be/8r7uc_fqmoo?t=320 ) and what is actually a russian song , [ the slavic womans ' farewell ( \u041f\u0440\u043e\u0449\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u0441\u043b\u0430\u0432\u044f\u043d\u043a\u0438 ) ] ( https://youtu.be/0wudrczahq8 ), 
  holy shit i love the hats !, 
  yep . 
  the fire brigade was here , and there was no fire . 
  everyone are being let in as of 6-7 minutes ago . 
  most likely some prankster found a fire alarm button, 
  ooh nice man . 
  would 've forgotten all about it if you had n't replied . 
  thanks , 
  maybe it 's not a 400 iq play , but most people , pros included , would 've just started shooting at once to get one sure kill . 
  worth remembering is that he 's swedish . 
  in sweden , the word * neger * does n't have close to the same history behind it as nigger does in america . 
  today it is considered a racist slur here as well , but still my parents ( late 50s ) , relatives etc sometimes accidentally say it when talking about a black person . 
  not in a derogatory sense , but just because when they grew up it was the same as saying `` a black person '' today . 
  my point is , for a swede the word generally does n't have the same level of derogatory meaning as it does for an american . 
  it was fucking stupid of him , but it does n't automatically make him a racist . 
  for the good of the race, 
  men kan ha fel, 
  oh man , i like that . 
  i bet / r/dadjokes would as well , if it has n't already been posted there . 
  oh no , i meant you should post it there , 
  in what country did you serve ? 
  have any interesting anecdotes to share ? 
  small ships for small countries with small military budgets, 
  well , i definately ca n't speak for norway , and i 'm by no means an military expert either way . 
  but , while my country sweden has a very long coastline , almost the entirety of it are littered with thousands and thousands of small islands . 
  basically the entire coast is an archipelago . 
  especially the parts of the coast with `` defensive points of interests '' or how i should put it . 
  this obviously means that no bigger ship can get through to the mainland , and thus there are no need for bigger ships , since swedens military is solely for a defensive purpouse ( and some un and nato operations abroad ), 
  tl ; dr : no need for big ships becuse of swedens geography, 
  yes , they were fucking around . 
  sweden and norway are neighbours , with a long history to share . 
  we 're basically like siblings in the way that we fuck with eachother every chance we get , and constantly trash talk the other one , but when it gets down to it - we love eachother . 
  same goes with the rest of the nordic nations . 
  even denmark , although that 's harder to admit . 
  i mean , we were the vikings with the norwegian and danes ... 
  do you mean coast guard as the us coast guard or ? 
  if so , yes we do . 
  we also have coastal rangers ( special forces ) and an amphibious regiment ( who used to be called coastal artillery ) . 
  they are both extremely well-trained proffesional soldiers whose sole task is to fight in the swedish archipelago . 
  i 'm glad you were n't !, 
  it seems as you and i just misunderstood eachother, 
  i mean , the swedish ship was staying completely still ... 
  it 's mainly a joke . 
  sweden and denmark has had a pretty bitter rivalry since the start of out countries , with 20 + wars between us . 
  this rivalry still lives on , and we often joke about how we hate the other and how their country is literally the worst place on earth ... 
  but really we do like them now . 
  hey now , we love our knife-wielding vodka chuggers in the east . 
  that would defeat the purpose of a gas cloud instead of an artillery strike in the red zone . 
  true . 
  that could be a pretty good solution, 
  yeah shit happens , but she was literally looking straight at them two times . 
  first when they were at the bottom of the stairs and she turns around to spit ( also , who the fuck spits right where people walk ? ), 
  and when they were about 3 feet away from her . 
  she must 've been extremely focused on that convo . 
  definitely . 
  my fps now is around 20 lower than before this patch . 
  that said , it 's still better than it was at release . 
  did n't you know ? 
  asians are n't real , so they do n't count . 
  this game is basically groundhog day but with a lot more violence . 
  runs in a completely straight line across a big field in one of the last circles , randomly stops , has gone the entire game without as much as hit another player ... 
  i have a feeling her solo rating ca n't be too good either . 
  i do n't understand your reply . 
  no context at all . 
  and what do you mean fortnite copy ? 
  pubg was released months earlier . 
  that dink when the grenade hit the container was oddly satisfying . 
  what 's the reason for spraying water onto the tower ? 
  just to make it burn longer ? 
  ads = aim down sight, 
  so what did he say ? 
  they do get banned . 
  your time probably is n't all that valuable seeing as you decided to spend even more of it writing this comment . 
   full release : eta 6 months after march 23rd . 
  i guess they mean march 23rd 2018 , 
  this has been brought up hundreds of times , and is said to be fixed in the next patch . 
  pretty dumb that games such as overwatch and rocket league etc does n't make the list because they 're also on console . 
  ow has sold more than 15 million copies on pc alone . 
  welp , and here i was feeling good for getting 12 kills in solo fpp , also with 130hrs played . 
  it 's funny that in the comment thread you 're `` discussing '' , one of the points brought up in the parent comment was that the left are fucking stupid for calling everyone they do n't agree with a nazi .
