  a unique bolt is probably the best `` anti-theft system '' there is for guns , and personally i believe that should be an requirement for all guns sold legally in a developed country ( of course all countries , but let 's be atleast a bit realistic ) . 
  but , obviously it would be unpopular as it is a hassle for the manufacturer , which automatically would bump up prices . 
  they entered the town with a mission to liberate it and eliminate the enemy forces . 
  the roe given by their commander was probably `` anything and everything moving on the streets after fighting has broken out , is to be considered hostile '', 
  that 's my guess , anyway . 
  same here . 
  i played a bunch of runescape when i was 11/12 , and had a fairly good character at the time ( combat level ~ 80 , full dragon armor and several dragon weapons etc ) , i was still a retarded and naive child . 
  mr. boarbachev , tear down this wall !, 
  probably his first engagement , was n't prepared for it . 
  the `` this stuff will never happen to me '' mentality , since most turkish soldiers are just young conscripts . 
  poor dudes . 
  i see , thanks for the info . 
  yeah but he also just lost the gold by * very little * . 
  most people would probably show some sort of negative reaction about it for atleast a a couple of seconds . 
  this dude just starts smiling and applauding , hugs the guy , and then turn towards the audiance and cheer . 
  big props to him . 
  itt : people talking shit from both sides without anyone having any information about what * actually * happened here , or what the backstory is . 
  dear jonjon in your case, 
  level 1 raids vs hogger was another classic, 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  most people are probably fairly friendly in the beginning , when they are new to the game , but as they progress and notice you are much more likely to get shot than to make a buddy when you meet someone - they also start going with the safer option and kill you , since they do n't want to lose their gear . 
  when i started playing the dayz mod a month or so after release in 2012 , most people were friendly . 
  fast forward a a few months and people were more likely to shoot on sight . 
  same thing at dayz sa release , a lot of people were friendly in the beginning , but after a month or so the majority would rather shoot on sight than risk losing their gear . 
  your best option if you want to form a squad and not being afraid of being betrayed , is to ask on forums if anyone want to group up . 
  seed ? 
  ty m8, 
  i 'm not sure you 'll want to use that shortening, 
  well , you could call that adjusting the sight , since she 's adjusting the brightness of the dot , 
  basically everyone say fire is the better specc , atleast for pve , but i just ca n't get into it . 
  my fire artifact is higher leveled than my frost , and my build and rotation is what noxxic and icy-veins say it should be , but i just ca n't , for the life of me , dps better with fire than frost . 
  i 've spent hours at the dummies and my fire dps * always * drops ~ 20k below my frost . 
  i guess maybe i do something wrong , but i ca n't figure out what . 
  my guess is that fire will feel a lot better with better gear and higher crit . 
  right now my crit is at 33 % , and it does n't procc nearly enough . 
  frost feel a lot more reliable at an early stage . 
  i have basically zero knowledge in american football as i 'm not american , but i thought the point of a touchdown is to bring the ball over that line , and it looks like he would still have landed on the other side of the line even if his teammate had n't been there ... care to explain ? 
  ah , that make sense . 
  thanks . 
  i thought the catch somehow earned them the touchdown , and that 's what had everyone so impressed . 
  did n't really think about how impressing it is to just catch a dude that big flying towards you full speed . 
  except vanish , feign death and invisibility, 
  i would recommend this one , it 's very interesting . 
  0:30 rofl , that 's where the south park scene is from, 
  damn dude , sorry i 'm not as meme experienced as you . 
  i 'll make sure to google research every scene in south park from now on so i do n't miss any references . 
  sorry bud ( tl : dr , the name origins from the dakota sioux word for sky-tinted water ), 
  i joined because i wanted to be able to defend my country if needed . 
  but you ca n't compare the us to my country tbh . 
  i did 3 month basic training and then joined the swedish home guard , which is solely a national defense reserve force , so you live a civilian life but do a couple exercises each year , and will never have to deploy abroad . 
  because of our welfare with free education etc no one have to join the military for those reasons , so most people in my company had `` patriotic '' reasoning to at least some degree when they signed up , but a lot of people just wanted the experience and challenge of basic training and then left completely . 
  i could ramble on for forever when it comes to my basic . 
  but short and sweet , my basic was actually very hard , a lot harder than i expected . 
  i did my basic training during fall/winter time in sweden , so it 's generally pretty cold outside , and my most valuable lesson from basic was when we were left completely alone ( not as a group or platoon , but completely alone , just yourself ) in the forest in early december , with one hour of daylight left , no flashlight ( this means 16hrs of complete darkness , you could n't see jack shit ) and only a firestarter , a knife , your canteen and a cooking pot . 
  and since winter really fucking sucks in the stockholm area of sweden , where i was , it was +2 c and raining 2 days ago , and then -10 c when we were left in the forest . 
  so imagine staring a fire with ice-covered sticks with a fucking firestarter . 
  it sucked dick . 
  but we managed it , for 2 days we were left in the freezing cold , pitch black 16hrs per day , forest with nothing but a firestarter and a knife basically . 
  tl ; dr : i managed to ramle on even tho i tried not to . 
  basic was very hard , very valuable . 
  learned a lot about survivability , especially during swedish winter time . 
  might even save my life someday , who knows . 
  learned much more than just how to kill someone . 
  this was during our last field exercise , which is a 9 day long `` hell week '' ( called ` never give up ' in our basic ) . 
  it was pretty much 9 days of very little food , very little sleep , very much marching and a lot of fighting in late november/early december . 
  it really sucked , but i felt pretty proud after completing it . 
  not all did , some did give up . 
  i 'm also proud that my squad voted me to be their squad leader during this exercise , and that no one in my squad gave up , even though there were some injuries and some sickness . 
  during the basic we did also have a lot of weapon training and field exercises , i consider it the best thing i 've done in my life thus far . 
  where are you from ? 
  that sounds very interesting !, 
  i was offered a job in the military as a royal infantry guard , but i turned it down . 
  so i 'm a civilian now but i 'm also a soldier in a home guard `` attack company '' ( i do n't know the exact translation ) . 
  [ and this is the ak5c ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bn7ednk.jpg ) , todays standard issued weapon in the swedish armed forces , however it is planned to be replaced within the next couple of years . 
  ak = automatkarbin ( which as you probably guessed means automatic carbine ), 
   automatic carbine in sweden means actually assault rifle and not `` carbine '' per say . 
  huh , til !, 
  thanks buddy, 
  is n't it supposed to stand for `` bulletsprayer '' though ? 
  or maybe i 've misunderstood that one as well haha, 
  well , do n't leave us hanging, 
  nomi looks even more like `` i do n't get paid enough for this shit '', 
  i 'm mad as hell and i 'm not going to take this anymore !, 
  this reminds me of these 4 russian guys i `` got to know '' in vanilla , when they still played on the regular eu servers . 
  i leveled my first character ( mage ) and they were all playing paladin . 
  they barely spoke any english , and mine was pretty bad as i was like 12 or 13 years old , so we never had any real discussions . 
  but the first time i played with them was when they were just looking for a dps for some scarlet monestary wing , and after that we just bumped into each other several times out in the world while questing , - and they would just invite me and ask like `` mara ? '', 
  or any other dungeon , and i would say yes , and then we played together for a while until someone had to log out . 
  this must 've happened atleast 10 times . 
  i occasionally think of them , wondering if they 're still playing the game . 
  good times . 
  tl ; dr : would regularly bump into 4 real nice russian guys while leveling my first character in vanilla . 
  language barrier kept us from having any real discussion , but we always remembered each other and would play together when we randomly met out in the world . 
  still remember them after 10 years . 
  where in sweden are you going ? 
  if you want snow you better go north . 
  there is snow in stockholm right now , but it might as well become slush tomorrow and be completely gone by friday . 
  south sweden ( sk\u00e5ne t.ex . ), 
  rarely see more than a few inches of snow every winter . 
  it 's mostly rain and wind .
