i 've seen this joke like a hundred times in different forms now . 
  no actually i have not ... 
  thanks for the tip though , i 'll visit one someday and see what all the buzz is about . 
  i live in sweden though and i do n't think we have anything that 's exactly like the dollar store here . 
  but i visit the states now and then so i 'll try it out next time i 'm over there , 
  i actully experienced something similiar 2-3 nights ago . 
  i woke up like 3am not being able to move an inch but i could think as clear as if it was 3pm , and it felt like someone/something was pushing hard on my stomach and breathing heavily next to my bed ... 
  it was fucking terrifying . 
  i thought i was gon na die, 
  i saw that coming . 
  i 'm sure this joke was created before the universe was . 
  well thank god i live in sweden where the spiders do n't bite and there only is one kind of poisonous snake . 
  the only threat is the polar bears . 
  i got five views on my first comic ... [ ] ( / okay ), 
  just click any comic and you can see how many times it 's been viewed, 
  it 's normal bro < 3, 
  it would actually make more sense if you 'd put that face on us since we do dance pretty weird in sweden . 
  to be honest it 's probably the easiest dance in the world to learn . 
  just get really drunk and do as everyone else, 
  you should try ` surstr\u00f6mming ' next . 
  it 's basically fermented baltic herring . 
  it 's a delicacy here in sweden !, 
  i would n't know [ ] ( / foreveralone ), 
  oh god , snakes [ ] ( / wtf ), 
  i have that same problem and i 'm going for surgery in two weeks ... kinda sucks, 
  wow you 're an asshole . 
  the guy calling is just doing a shitty ass job , perhaps trying to pay for school , getting paid next to nothing , and now even less because you and so many other idiots in this world act like this . 
  the derp face should be put on you . 
  awesome . 
  what texture pack do you use ? 
  i promise you , when you have snow like five months each year it 's not as fun as you might think, 
  yeah well it 's the same in sweden . 
  the last couple of years it was snow from october to april in the stockholm area , where i live , but now it 's more like a kind of snowrain which makes it even worse to get to school because it 's alot of wet , `` smelty '' heavy snow on the ground which is hell walking in . 
  i logged in just so i could upvote this . 
  i 've never done that before . 
  you made my day , sir . 
  so what 's the price for butter nowadays ? 
  a lot . 
  a fucking lot . 
  come to sweden and i 'll give you some, 
  he 'll probably get disapointed when realizing there are n't even any mountains there :(, 
  is n't this is a complete repost of a comic that was up like a week ago ? 
  either that or i dreamt this exact comic . 
  yes !, 
  thanks a lot , 
  it was not as old as i remembered it . 
  then again i was like nine the last time i saw it, 
  a swedish one : `` n\u00e4ra skjuter ingen hare '' , direct translate , `` close does n't shoot the rabbit '' ( when shooting at a rabbit , being close , still does n't hit it ), 
  it basically means that being close to something is not enough , you have to nail it . 
  there are several more sayings of course but this is probably on of the most common ones . 
  example :, 
  - i was so close to getting an a on that test . 
  another one that 's a bit amusing is `` det var n\u00e4ra \u00f6gat '' ( that was close to the eye ) which is most often used when you are really close to hurting yourself , or someone/something else , in some way . 
  now , what 's a bit funny about it is that this is actually not the complete saying , just a short version of it . 
  there are a few different versions , i do n't think anyone is completely sure which one is the correct one , but my grandfather used to say that the correct one is `` det var n\u00e4ra \u00f6gat sa j\u00e4garen som sk\u00f6t sig i n\u00e4san '' which means `` that was close to the eye , the hunter said when he shot himself in the nose . '', 
  is n't this kungstr\u00e4dg\u00e5rden in stockholm , sweden ? 
  actually i would love to own it . 
  if you think you 're a nazi supporter because you own an object used by nazis , during the nazi time , you are seriously dumb as hell . 
  it 's still a cool piece of history . 
  well . 
  i can bend my ear and stick the upper tip of my ear inside the `` earhole '' and it stays there . 
  amazing huh ? 
  i can do that too !, 
  though i stopped it after my school nurse said it could damage my sight and give you chronic headache, 
  sorry i have no clue . 
  it 's basically impossible to explain to someone how you do it . 
  you just do it . 
  for me it feels as natural as when i lift my hand . 
  this is what i would do with a portal gun, 
  i basically got shot out of my dads dick, 
  what do you mean `` nowhere to be found '' ? 
  he 'll be holding a press conference today . 
  whenever i find a dead snake ( or kill one ) i always throw it on an ant hill . 
  in about three days , only the skeleton is remaining . 
  i must admit i 've always thought it was like ... desert only . 
  but this was fucking beautiful, 
  that is seriously one of the coolest things i 've seen this month, 
  your titel make it seem like being homeless in america is something new . 
  well you know . 
  steal a camel in some places in africa and middle east and you lose your head, 
  gloving just is n't the same . 
  haha yeah well i 'm sure i do to when i fly, 
  yeah you 're probably right . 
  i know the video itself does n't have anything to do with bf3 , i just recognized the flying from my own personal experience , and thought some guys here might feel the same way and get a few laughs out of it . 
  sorry bro i 'm from sweden so sometimes i manage to mix them up, 
  thor has nothing to do with ` murica . 
  neither does he have anything to do in a movie about superheroes . 
  he 's the motherfucking god of thunder, 
  this will be a bit hard to explain not having english as my first language . 
  but , basically , once when my family visited italy my dad managed to fool the hotel we stayed in for a day that my two older sisters ( then 9 and 11 years old ) where the same person , because they did not allow more than two persons to stay in the same room . 
  so even if they are not twins , and there are two years seperating them , when they were in that age they looked so much alike that we managed to fool the entire staff of the hotel that they were the same person . 
  must be fun having a twin . 
  yes perhaps , but as i said , they looked incredibly much alike - so they would probably not believe that they were not sisters . 
  though i suppose we could 've said one was a cousin or something like that ... 
  but if they had required passports from both we would be screwed since me and my sisters have two surnames , both my moms and my dads . 
  haha thanks . 
  do not mistake me for being one of those you too often see with very good english , saying the same thing , only to recieve compliments . 
  i said it only because i figured my explanation of our little heist might look a bit simple with the english i know . 
  if you see what i mean . 
  i 'm not over my ex but i still want to fuck something,
