  in sweden , and probably the rest of scandinavia atleast , you never kiss on the cheek . 
  i honestly think that in a very large part of europe , you do n't . 
  where i live it 's common between two males to hug each other if you hav n't met in a while , and are good enough friends . 
  otherwise you just go with a handshake . 
  that 's the exact reason why sa * should * be fpv only in my opinion . 
  dying because someone can see you on the other side of that wall in 3rd person after you 've spent ten minutes flanking them is just ridiculous . 
  if you believe there is someone outside the building you 're in you should be forced to peek outside , making you more vulnerable , and not just crouch beneath a window and look in 3rd person . 
  you should be able to follow someone in a car by driving in their blind zone , and not always be visible because they have a 360 view around their car because they 're driving in 3rd person . 
  however could just as well be the servers choice . 
  some servers go fpv only , while others allow 3rd person . 
  so , did the gear actually protect them ? 
  keep a tin in the fridge and it will last atleast like five months . 
  ( atleast general white which is what i use ) . 
  cool fact : there 's a coppermine in the city of falun , central sweden , where a worker called `` fat mats '' was killed in a small cave-in year 1677 . 
  they found his body 42 years later , and on it his tin of snus , completely preserved and good to use . 
  so as long as you keep snus in a cool and damp place it can last for a very long time i guess . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/swarje/comments/1lace7/p%c3%a4r_med_sin_sw%c3%a4nska_drake_jagade_iv%c3%a4g_j%c3%a4nkarnas/ ), 
  how many do you meet ? 
  i 've played dayz since june last year ( mostly the classic mod but also a bit of panthera , taviana , dayzero and overwatch ) . 
  during all this time i 've only seen * one * hero , and he was dead . 
  but i did meet one guy who was trying to become a hero , and he was very friendly . 
  this is how we say hello in sweden , mr. president, 
  man , my worst experience was on the classic mod about a month ago . 
  i had found a little bird and was flying along the coast when i hear gunshots and see a bambi running around beneath me with a tail of zombies , getting shot at . 
  so i decide to pick him up , despite the risk of getting shot . 
  anyway i pick him up and fly away without any problems , and he seem friendly enough . 
  i tell him that i 'll fly him to nwaf and drop him there so he can gear up and hopefully find a car . 
  when we get there he asks me if he can get some meds as he only had one bandage left , low on blood and shaking because of pain . 
  and since he had seemed friendly during our flight i think `` ya sure i guess i can land and give you some stuff '' , but of couse , when i enter my backpack to transfer the stuff , he wields his hatchet and kills me . 
  and that 's why i normally prefer not to interact with people i 've never met before in dayz . 
  atleast when i have good stuff . 
  ** tl ; dr ** picked up bambi who was on the edge of death with my littlebird , when i land on nwaf to give him medical supplies he killes me with hatchet and takes littlebird and all my gear . 
  edit : it was stupid of me of course , i should have told him to stay about 50 meters in front of me so i could see him at all time . 
  but still . 
  people are dicks . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gph-z1sosmc ) one 's pretty good in my opinion . 
  if you come from / r/all : obama is visiting sweden at the moment , which has caused many delays in stockholm because of the massive security in the city centre . 
  this post is titled `` thanks , obama '' with a picture of a note at a convenience store which says `` the postal service is delayed because of `` picture of obama '' '', 
  i guess so that people got a clue of who he was , if they did n't . 
  i fucking love the lore . 
  undercity , ruins of lordaeron , tirisfal glades , deathknell , brill ( brill was better before , though ) , sylvaanas , etc. 
  when i 'm feeling rp i can log onto my forsaken rogue or mage and just spend hours in tirisfal glades/uc/ruins of lordaeron . 
  my only grudge is that kor ` kron is the guards in most parts of uc now . 
  i much more prefered the abominations . 
  hopefully they 'll be in charge again now with patch 5.4 and all . 
  i do n't have gametime now though , and wo n't be able to play for probably several months , which sucks . 
  edit : if you did n't know , if you stand in the throne room in ruins of lordaeron you can vaguely hear some of the dialogue between prince arthas and king menethil before arthas murder him , and the blood of the king is still on the floor . 
  it always gives me shivers . 
  it 's not * very * hard to see , but it 's not too obvious either if you do n't know it 's there . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nulqmda.jpg ) a picture of where it is, 
  wow , i had no idea . 
  that 's too bad , i would have loved cleaning them out . 
  i understand why they were placed there , but i always felt they were sort of intruders . 
  he approached me in a train-station and told me i should be part of a `` look-alike contest '' because i look like the swedish prince carl-filip . 
  i was kinda flattered because carl-filip is a handsome man . 
  [ english wikipedia page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_underwear ) so he understands what you mean , because he do n't want to miss that . 
  edit : although the english wikipedia page was n't entirely the same as l\u00e5ngkalsonger , i realised now . 
  l\u00e5ngkalsonger is just for the legs , they do n't cover the entire body , like the `` long underwear '' on the english wiki page . 
  it 's not always snowy here in stockholm , though , since it 's kinda far down south . 
  sometimes the winters in stockholm are really dull and grey , while other times ( like last winter ) there are * a lot * of snow , which i personally like . 
  however up north there are always lots of snow , so if you want to see it you wo n't be able to miss it . 
  another thing you might not be used too are the short days during the swedish winters . 
  in the middle of winter it 's only bright for about 6-7 hrs each day in stockholm , and the further north you go , the worse it gets . 
  i 've heard this as well , but personally i thought it was pretty awesome, 
  sorry , not trying to be rude here , but why are you famous on reddit ? 
  i just ca n't seem to recognize your name . 
  creator of great posts ? 
  holy crap , not every day you see an iama with nearly 6k karma . 
  he was on a big swedish forum called flashback . 
  a few `` rooted him on '' because they thought he was just another troll , while others told him not to do it . 
  the police and medics got there so soon because users on the forum managed to track him down ad alert the cops . 
  i read the thread not even an hour after it all had happened , it felt kind of surreal , and i felt real bad for the guy . 
  he was autistic , too . 
  where do you live ? 
  the birds and shit in the background sounded so exotic, 
  yeah , sweden strong !, 
  edit : also , what 's up with 1908 in london ? 
  was britain the only country with a tug of war team , and just decided to give them gold , silver and bronze ? 
  ah , of course . 
  love that shirt . 
  i also had it as a kid . 
  once when my grandparents took me and my siblings to a zoo my grandpa was pulled over for driving a bit too fast , i was wearing it . 
  the cops saw me in the backseat with it and thought it was so funny they let him go with a warning , and told me i had to keep an eye on him as i was a fellow police officer . 
  damn i felt proud . 
  honestly , no . 
  my respect for my grandfather was greater than my respect for the law , so i went easy on him . 
  yes , this ( or lag ) may happen for a second . 
  so what they should do in that case is make spawn protection a `` pacifist stance '' if you get what i mean . 
  where you ca n't shoot nor aim down sight , until you either move or the protection time is up . 
  that 's a pretty good solution, 
  well , chemical weapons has n't been much of a topic lately , until syria happened , so it 's not strange that people learn more about it at the moment than , say , a couple of months ago . 
  in bf3 you can look around without breaking the protection , which makes it very easy to aim down your sight and shoot someone in the head without them being able to do something . 
  even worse is if they spawn with pdw or shotgun where they can just hipfire at once . 
  my point is that if there shall be any form of spawn protection it should atleast not allow you to aim down your sight nor shoot until the timer is over . 
  however , others in this thread has come up with better ideas than mine , so forget it . 
  you 're right . 
  others in the thread has better ideas than mine , for example not being able to spawn on squad members who are at the moment taking damage or being supressed or stuff like that . 
  this is probably one of my absolute favorite scenes in any movie ever . 
  my fuck it 's good . 
  that could be fun since it would likely make squads stick together more than they are now , especially if the squads will be larger than in bf3 .
