  that is , those who in some way have been affected by how he acts . 
  but 98 % of everyone hating him out there are just doing it because they do n't like his music , and that you 're `` supposed to hate him '' . 
  it 's like , either you love him or hate him . 
  people do n't seem to understand that there 's a neutral place between , where you just do n't give a fuck . 
  it 's actually a nice place . 
  people should try it . 
  and why is that ? 
  what has he ever done to you , to make you hate him ? 
  haha that was actually pretty smart . 
  still think these are getting old though . 
  he made you get your first period ? 
  he 's doing a damn fine job . 
  this one deserves more upvotes, 
  women can choose . 
  selling sex in sweden is not illegal , it 's only illegal to buy it . 
  remember that time when finland invaded and made sweden a part of their country for 600 years ? 
  right . 
  it was the other way around . 
  oh , and remember that time when russia invaded sweden during ww2 and at the same time as finland had to guard their own borders with what little army they had , 10 000 troops volunteered to fight along side the swedes against the russians - plus they sent tons and tons of weapons , veichles , medicares , ammunition , artillery etc etc. 
  right . 
  it was the other way around . 
  jokes are so funny sometimes . 
  ungrateful basterds . 
  you know , you have n't been to more wars than sweden has for the last couple of hundred years . 
  civil war does n't count , and being invaded does n't count . 
  especially since we are the ones deploying troops to help you . 
  so we went to war more than you did . 
  anyway , do n't worry , i still love finland in a sibling kind of way . 
  syskonk\u00e4rlek ( sibling love ) as we call it in sweden . 
  you always want to be a lot better than your sibling , and act like you hate him/her ( and sometimes really feel like you do ) , but when it really matters we would have your back . 
  still more thrilling than american `` football '' . 
  all i can say is that i 'm really sorry for you bro . 
  my relationship for a year with the first girl i really loved ended about two months ago . 
  i do n't think she cheated on me during the time we were together though , but i suspect she left me for her ex ; an extremely popular and good-looking guy who i know was still in to her during our relationship . 
  also , i know she regulary hung out with him since they had been friends for 5 years and he lives in the same town as we do . 
  i had no real problem with that though since i sometimes hang out with exes i too had known for quite some time . 
  anyway , even if she did n't cheat on me , it still hurts like hell when the girl you love leaves you for another guy . 
  so , i hope everything turns out allright for you bro , i 'm finally starting to get my shit together after two months of complete misery . 
  also , the advices i can give you is :, 
  - try to hang out with friends , i know you feel like you just want to be alone , but i promise you it will feel better when having friends around . 
  - do not drink during the first week ( atleast ) because you will only do dumb shit like wanting to call her etc. 
  i did , but luckily my friends managed to stop me from doing something too stupid . 
  - if you do n't work out , this is a good time to start . 
  i started running and working out at the gym about one month after we broke up and it helped a lot . 
  do n't eat shit food or a lot of candy etc either because it will make you feel worse . 
  basically , do n't do any of the shit you will probably feel like you want to do . 
  eat good , work out and listen to `` happy music '' . 
  in my case , i listened to pretty depressive shit at first like the national , bon iver etc , but then , as i started working out i started listening to house music ( now this is a matter of taste of course ) , and it too helped a lot instead of listening to depressing music . 
  - and then , as i guess many have said , do n't give up . 
  time mends all wounds i promise you . 
  one day you will see the light at the end of the tunnel . 
  but i do understand if you ca n't be arsed to do any of this the first couple of weeks , but the sooner the better . 
  good luck, 
  edit : all this of course only if it has completely ended . 
  if you feel like there 's still a chance to fix the relationship , and you really want to , you should try . 
  i could n't have said it better ... 
  by far one of the best moments in my gaming-life, 
  tons, 
  it is metric system . 
  but you may also call it a ` tonne ' . 
  1000 kilograms = 1 ton/tonne . 
  women and wet pussy . 
  yes . 
  awesome, 
  great bargain though, 
  for the love of god , someone put him out of his misery !, 
  [ enda jag kunde t\u00e4nka p\u00e5 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3npzevmcnri ), 
  you do realize that iq is n't everything ? 
  according to the mensa iq-test ( the one available on the internet ) i myself do n't have 100 iq , but that does n't mean i 'm retarded . 
  sure , i 'm having a tougher time when it comes to math and things like that , but there are other things i 'm good at . 
  for example , many of my friends tell me i would make a great politician because of my views on the matter and the fact that i 'm a pretty decent speaker and debater . 
  for example i got an a in my swedish and english class my last year in the swedish equivalent to high school , mainly because the speeches i held in class . 
  this of course is a great asset in other types of work aswell , all from a spokesman for a company to an officer in the army . 
  so please do n't be so close-minded and assume that everyone with a somewhat low iq are stupid people . 
  i can assure you that there are a lot of people with high iq that is a much bigger threat to the world . 
  there are a lot of really dumb people with an iq over 100 aswell , i promise you that . 
  there are different kinds of smart you know . 
  being good at math and science is n't everything ( which basically is what gives you an high iq according to the tests that are out there ) . 
  i 'm 19 and has only had one sex partner , but i 'd say we 've had sex like 300 times atleast - and it was the same for me . 
  about 1/10 or 2/10 times i did n't reach orgasm , even after about an hour of sex , blowjob , handjob etc. 
  the sex was great and i never grew `` tired '' of it , i just did n't always orgasm . 
  but then again , sometimes i could reach orgasm after like four minutes if i was really horny ... ( and i promise you that is a lot worse ), 
  do n't really know what it depends on but i guess in my case it was about sleep and stress etc. 
  if you are a bit tired and have a lot on your mind it can be hard to enjoy the sex . 
  that would be totally retarded . 
  `` hey guys , let 's make a countdown for this game that we 'll release in 102 days , but make it say that it will be released in 2 days ! '', 
  haha well that game is like 25 years old ... 
  anyway , if what you meant was that they could 've made a mistake , you 're right . 
  i guess i miss-understood you and thought you meant the countdowns were designed in a way that would n't fit the `` hundreds '' . 
  oh god, 
  i 'm no paintball player , but the guys you met did n't seem to have much experience . 
  pretty cool vid by the way, 
  edit : i love how you went `` melee '' mode in one of the clips haha . 
  nice of you to just tap them on the shoulder instead of shooting them . 
  it looks like you want to go a bit `` casual '' but still nice dressed , right ? 
  in my opinion a pair of dark jeans would go great with that outfit . 
  kinda like the ones it looks like you 're already wearing . 
  in sweden , honking etc is extremely rare . 
  i can drive around in stockholm for an entire day without once hearing someone honking . 
  if someone were to honk in the city everyone would basically stop and stare and wonder why the hell he did that .
