  modern windows are actually hard to break , and it can take take you a long time to get through it by using your weapon barrel . 
  marching through towns during military exercises are the worst . 
  i did basic training in sweden last year , and the last thing you do during our basic ( which is 3 months ) is a 9 day long field exercise/soldier test called `` never give up '' , which i did in december . 
  five days in , after spending the last 48hrs completely alone in the forest with a knife and a fire-starter living under a tree trying to keep a fire up with sticks that were like ice cubes so i would n't freeze to death , our officers gathered us and we went out on a march . 
  it was so fucking cold and we were all extremely hungry and sleep deprivated , and they march us through this beautiful little town on a sunday morning , past caf\u00e9s and restaurants with christmas decoration , and you could smell the food , coff\u00e9e and cinnamon buns and see the warmth inside . 
  all i could think of at the time was `` why the fuck did i vonlunteer for this shit '' . 
  but i ca n't say i do n't miss it . 
  when i did basic in sweden we were issued knee pads - but not allowed to use them at any time ( and the swedish m90 uniform has no built-in knee protection ) . 
  we did ask our officers about it but they refused , stating we had to `` harden our knees '' ( which , yeah , sure , if we 're at the shooting range it 's fine , but when doing combat exercises in the woods ? ) . 
  it was pretty fucked . 
  about halfway through basic a guy damaged his knee so bad he had no choice but to quit . 
  after this , and when the nurse at the base heard about this `` no knee pad rule '' she got really fucking mad and went to speak to our officers . 
  the next day we were allowed to wear them , and no one damaged their knees again . 
  lol , dr\u00f6m p\u00e5, 
  concerts though, 
  https://soundcloud.com/user948049916/sets/slownicki nicki minaj sounds like jay-z when slowed down, 
  there 's a place called tiki room ( which is a part of mellow bar iirc ) on birkagatan , near s : t eriksplan , that specializes in cocktails . 
  it 's pretty expensive and can get stuffy since it 's in an basement , but it 's nice . 
  their drinks , interior and music is inspired by polynesia , so you know what to expect if you decide to go there . 
  there are obviously more places , but i 'm not much of a cocktail guy so this is the only place i can think of at the moment . 
  it 's pretty obvious that people who say they do n't respect soccer for the diving has actually never really watched soccer more than a few games . 
  i hate diving as much as the average fan , and i think divers should be punished post-game if the ref do n't notice it right away , but it 's not * nearly * as big of a part of the sport as people who do n't watch it think it is . 
  it 's also a noticable difference depending on which league you 're watching . 
  you 're welcome, 
  okay elephant in the room here . 
  if you 're really worried about this , then do n't move to the parts of malm\u00f6 where the immigrants live and go to school , because wether people want to acknowledge it or not - they 're the ones who are harrassing the jews over there , * even * if it of course is a very small percentage of them . 
  that being said i do n't actually know how common it is for jews in malm\u00f6 to be harrassed since i 'm not a jew myself , nor do i live in malm\u00f6 , so it 's not for me to say how worried you should actually be about this . 
  but my guess would be that you do n't have to be very concerned at all , especially if you live in a middle class suburb or something like that . 
  otherwise , move to sweden and enjoy our education , healthcare and way of life - just not in malm\u00f6 . 
  i still remember my first weapon , player encounter , death ( by player ) , kill , car and helicopter . 
  i started playing in june 2012 . 
  sick fucking thing is that i 've still * never * found a pair of fresh spawned nvgs in my 2 years and * hundreds * of hours playing on vanilla dayz , panthera , namalsk , taviana and overwatch ( mainly vanilla and overwatch ) , i 've only found nvg on dead players . 
  aw man me and a couple of friends did the same thing , we found a bus and just picked up people , it was awesome . 
  i miss the old dayz . 
  if you were picked up by a couple of dudes in a bus in electro who said the exact same thing , and another guy who played east european techno music through his mic it could 've been us, 
  sommar is called tivoli during the winter , when op will be here . 
  also not nearly as fun as you ca n't be outside in december . 
  probably more so since the darkness make us sad and alcoholics . 
  nah kidding , but it 's as popular in the winter , just some clubs get less fun because they have big outside areas which will be closed . 
  i 've never heard of a swede who holds any grudge against greenland . 
  i mean , they are danish territory , and we do hate the danes , ... but that would be like hating denmarks unkown , adopted child who basically has no connection with denmark aside from a phone call once a year to see how things are in the mental institution . 
  i was also a good , or atleast above average , swimmer as a child , never had any problems in water . 
  however , once when i was like 9 ( somewhere 8-10 ) , me and a couple of friends went to one of these water adventure parks , and after one steep waterslide i went * deep * under the surface and panicked instantly since it was a terrifying situation i had never been in before , and suddenly i could n't swim . 
  i tried , for what felt like an eternity ( probably more like 10 seconds ) to reach the surface but i was n't going anywhere . 
  i was just panicking and flaying around . 
  luckily my friends ' father who were with us saw and understood what was happening and dragged me up . 
   i have no snus at all !, 
  `` inte vilken snus som helst '' is what he says , which would be translated to `` not just any snus '' , instead of `` i have no snus at all '', 
  from solna centrum it 's about 15-20 minutes with bus , and then another 10-15 minute walk, 
  people who blindly defend israel and see palestine as nothing but terrorists does n't have a single clue about anything in this conflict . 
  i 'm no expert but i know enough . 
  i too blindly supported israel until a few years ago when i was 18 and did a school report about the conflict , when i realized that if i were palestinian i too would feel an extreme injustice and hate towards israel , and i too would fight them if it was my country , and not palestine . 
  and so would everyone else . 
  those who say otherwise either do n't give a shit about their country or they do n't know enough about this whole conflict and it 's history . 
  but , obviously , i do n't support their way of fighting , just like i do n't support israels way of fighting . 
  edit : by the way , i 'm not taking any sides here , i understand why the people of israel are fighting as well , most of them were born in modern israel and it 's their home . 
  it 's not their fault what has been going on , and they feel threatened and just want to defend their country . 
  i do n't blame them and would 've done the same thing . 
  that 's the thing about this conflict - they both have just as good reasons to fight , and they refuse to accept each others conditions in peace offerings . 
  seriously ? 
  have you never seen any discrimination online ? 
  i 'm not being rude here i 'm just seriously curious since it 's on the internet if anywhere you 'd meet the racists . 
  i misunderstood your comment as if you 'd never seen any kind of discrimination online . 
  i mean , that would be like someone saying they saw a unicorn . 
  f12 terrace is open to 03.00 on sundays , but their age limit is 20 . 
  could be worth a try though since it 's * very * few clubs open on sundays in stockholm . 
  if there are n't too many people and the guards are nice , you could get in . 
  f12 is fun , but you do n't wan na go there if it 's raining since the main part of the club is outside . 
  also pretty expensive . 
  i 'm a correctional officer in sweden , so i 've also had my fair share of time spent with murderers . 
  most of them were nice , but obvious psychopaths . 
  i work at a jail where the inmates have not yet gotten their sentence . 
  a large part of my job is to transport the inmates from the jail to their trials , and to guard them during the trials . 
  i therefore see a lot of trials . 
  what i mean by this is that when you meet some of them and they are extremely charismatic and nice to you , but then you go to their trial and see this shit that they 've done and they just brush it off like it 's nothing , you see the total lack of empathy they have and how dangerous they actually are , despite how nice they seem at first . 
  others can be the same , joking around and being friendly one second , and the other second tell you how fun it was when they slit a store-owners throat during a robbery when they were 17 . 
  they know what they did was wrong , but they do n't give a fuck . 
  for me that 's a dead giveaway that they 're total psychopaths , and they are the most scary inmates to handle , because you * never * know where you have them . 
  just this thursday i was transporting an inmate who had a severe case of the psychos . 
  one second he was somewhat calm and listened to what you said , the other second ( literally ) , he started screaming and trying to get out of his cuffs , threatening to bash our skulls in and poke oyr eyes out with a knife . 
  and then , with a snap of the fingers , he was calm again . 
  he was fun to spend a day with ... 
  they also often feel that they have to be in control , which of course is n't gon na happen , and then they get upset . 
  tl ; dr : very charismatic , total lack of empathy , extreme mood swings , want to be in control everything . 
  yeah you 're right , i was lying . 
  i 'm gon na go take the bus now , for , you know , travel and stuff . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  they are often very narcissistic and have grown up in poor areas with high crime rates , perhaps with lousy family conditions . 
  my guess is that this make them think that they are the only ones who actually matter , and everyone else are just another peasant on the chess board without any kind of worth . 
  atleast to them . 
  i have no idea if they 've always been like that or if they 've developed it later in life , but i guess a harsh upbringing might be a big reason . 
  they are also often immigrants from war-torn countries , so it might be war that has made some of them that way . 
  but i 'm just a young and newly hired correctional officer , so this is just an un-educated guess . 
  exactly , that 's what i was trying to get at . 
  this is probably the case with many of them . 
  on the other hand , many of them i think are just weak . 
  it 's a hard thing to say , i know , but honestly : when i see their family sitting there crying i do n't believe they were treated as shit all the time , they obviously had parents and siblings who cared . 
  and even if they were brought up in a pretty poor area , they were never * that * poor . 
  they never had to fight for food , they were given free school ( hell , man , you get fucking paid to go to university in sweden ) and free health care , and they had a roof over their head . 
  and i * know * this , because i 've been at their trials where this is all brought up - some have even said it themselves .
