  edit 2 : on other weekdays ( not wednesdays ) there wo n't be that much nightlife , and i do n't think too many clubs will be open , but i 'm sure a lot of bars will be open to atleast 1 am on all nights of the week . 
  edit 3 : if you 're still not sure what to do on weekends , i suggest you just go to stureplan and talk to people . 
  there 's a lot of nightlife around stureplan , and a lot of people , so it wo n't be a problem finding something to do . 
  those were the times, 
  do you have any idea if this happens to be in falun ? 
  i see . 
  ironically x2 , because also one of our largest . 
  if not * the * largest newspaper . 
  how can you know any of this ? 
  were you there ? 
  have you seen a longer video than the rest of us ? 
  from this video we see a lone police officer kicking a man before another comes and throw a rock in his face , after which the officer draws his gun and aims it in the air . 
  i do n't agree with the use of live ammunition during protests , but for all we know from this video , the officer could 've been cornered by aggressive protesters while his collegues fled the scene . 
  you have no idea he 's the one who initiated violence from watching this clip , you 're just making plain assumptions in your comment . 
  police officer or not , he 's still a fucking human . 
  and every normal human being who gets cornered in a situation like this will use violence to get away from there , it 's in our nature . 
  it 's not frustration , it 's much more likely fear for being alone vs hundreds of angry protestors . 
  plus , as i said , watch the video in slo-mo and you 'll se him aiming up the air , he 's not deliberately aiming towards the crowd , even though it seems as the last bullet did hit the man . 
  i 'm not taking any sides , it can just as easily be you who 's right , but we ca n't know that yet . 
  so before starting to spew out comments about this man being pure evil who wants nothing more than to murder all protesters , let 's wait until we fucking know the story behind the clip . 
  edit : also , i 'm not saying he should n't get charged with manslaughter and kicked out of the force , but none of you fuckers knows the story so you should n't start screaming out that he 's a psycopath murderer before you do . 
  because we have no idea what the story behind this is . 
  it 's as simple a that . 
  as i said , it 's very likely that this police officer had just been cornered while his colleagues fled . 
  it happens a lot during protests . 
  as a swede i do n't think sweden should accept as many immigrants as we do - and i think we should be harder on those we do accept ( when it comes to crime , learning the language etc ) , because it 's obviously not working as it is right now . 
  if i would say this in public i 'd be considered a racist in a lot of people 's eyes , and some would probably even take it as far as calling me a nazi . 
  sweden 's weird that way . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , i know tonnes of great immigrants . 
  my point is that our present immigration politics does not work for obvious reasons . 
  of course there 's only a minority of the immigrants who actually commit crimes etc , but that does n't mean we have a succesful immigration program . 
  it was a long time ago i last played battlefront to be honest , since all my ps2-controls are kinda messed up now after 11 years . 
  but if iirc i never really liked the aerial battles too much , and think those could be improved to be a lot more fun . 
  perhaps that 's just me tho , i do n't know . 
  well mine is probably worse . 
  we were n't officially together , but we 'd been dating for about 3 months when i met another girl . 
  so what i did was basically that i did nothing . 
  i did n't say anything at all to the girl i was currently dating . 
  i just got gradually colder to her until she stopped talking to me . 
  i was 18 at the time ... yeah ... today i do regret a bit that i was being such a dick , but at the time i did n't care . 
  i went on dating the new girl for more than a year and actually started loving her , probably something i would n't have done with the first girl . 
  174cm swedish male here , so , yeah ... * generally *, 
  holy shit thats extremely cheap for stockholm . 
  next time i 'm in gamla stan drinking until late i 'm gon na stay at that hostel instead of taking a cab home . 
  it will save me a lot of money, 
  it 's insane how a few mates getting together creating a football team can blow up so much and become one of the biggest clubs in the world . 
  hah , no pun intended actually, 
  haha , * i wish * we had mountains like that here in sweden . 
  the scandes are beautiful but not nearly as impressive as the alps in my opinion . 
  pff , maybe not those * scanians * that you danes meet . 
  probably because of their danish ancestry . 
  the guy in the video said they released the snake in an area crowded with rats , so he probably did n't sleep hungry that night anyway . 
  i do n't know about the rest of sweden , but in stockholm , drinking on wednesdays is extremely common amongst the younger crowd ... 
  so it 's not really unacceptable, 
  edit : also during match days ( football and hockey ) on weekdays it 's not really * unacceptable * to drink from my experience since a lot of people do it , all ages . 
  i 'm very sorry to hear this . 
  i 'll never forget the respect shown by dinamo zagreb during our charity game dedicated to ivan turina after his sudden death in may this year . 
  you have all of my condolences . 
  rip from your friends at aik stockholm, 
  i 'm in sweden and it does n't work properly for me either , so it does n't seem to be us only . 
  nah i do n't think there 's much of a threat to the royal palaces in stockholm to be honest , so i guess they are allowed to be a bit more relaxed nowadays . 
  some of them take their job extremely serious though . 
  looks like gnome children or something, 
  i 've played for a year now and have only gotten held up once . 
  i had just spawned in electro and looted the town , finding myself a winchester , and decide to head towards berezino . 
  after only a few hundred meters i hear a car coming up behind me so i dive into some bushes at the side of the road . 
  and just as i thought , i see a uaz in the distance . 
  i assume i 'm safe from sight in the bushes so i just stay there . 
  but i was wrong . 
  the car drives straight towards the bushes and i just manages to roll away , making the car miss me by a few inches . 
  four guys with really good gear jumps out , and one of them shoots me in the leg with a dmr , which breaks my leg and makes me pass out . 
  however they start speaking in direct and tells me that they 'll let me live and patch me up if i promise to drop my gun as soon as i wake up . 
  of course i ca n't say anything since i 'm knocked out , but one of them starts bandaging me , gives me morphine and an epipen while the others watch me with machineguns and sniper rifles . 
  obviously i drop my gun as soon as i wake up , since i would n't even have time to turn around and fire a single shot with my puny winchester until they 'd penetrated me with hundreds of nasty bullets . 
  they tell me that they 're friendly and wont hurt me nor steal anything from me , but actually ends up giving me medic supplies , food , water , camo clothing , czech backpack , an m24 with ammo , and a blood transfusion just before they leave . 
  it was awesome . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i may be mistaking but i think these are actually navy blue , but it 's a black and white photo . 
  edit : i think i was wrong , they probably are black . 
  weird , i 've lived in stockholm all my life but never seen these black uniforms before, 
  norwegian wood by haruki murakami is really good and i advice everyone to read it . 
  basically it 's about this young man from japan and his life as he starts going to college and all the people he meets in 1960 's japan . 
  it is according to some . 
  i 've seen blogs where people spew out their pure hatred towards scandinavia only because they think the people here are rude , which i , as a swede , think is insane . 
  just because we do n't wan na strike up a conversation with you on the bus when we do n't know you , does n't mean we hate your guts and want to spit on you , which a lot of people seem to believe . 
  there are also lots of guys from other countries who thinks scandinavian girls are stuck up bitches because they usually do n't want to be hit on 15 pm on their way home from school/work . 
  if you want to get to know scandinavians , save it until you get to the bars , because that 's when it 's ( more ) socially acceptable to talk to strangers , and you 'll most likely have a really good time with us . 
  it 's nothing personal , we 're not trying to be rude , it 's just how it is over here . 
  edit : of course we wont shun you if you try to speak with us during daytime , most scandinavians love to help tourists out etc , but it will be hard to * make friends * other than at bars and clubs . 
  why would they be cheaters ? 
  if there 's one thing in this game , and other games , i dispise as much as cheaters - it 's people yelling out `` cheater '' as soon as they meet someone better equipped than themselves . 
  all that it takes is that you play the goddamn game for a couple of hours each week and not suck at it and you 'll eventually have a camp full with all kinds of shit . 
  yep . 
  i once stood in queue for 10hrs for ab while leveling because i forgot about it . 
  `` avarage wait time 1 min '', 
  you 're not calling cheaters ? 
  you just said i was being equipped by cheaters . 
  obviously i ca n't * vouch * for them not being cheaters . 
  all i 'm saying is that calling a few dudes cheaters for sparing some med supplies and an m24 is extremely ridiculous . 
  i 'll say it again , if you know how to play , and play on a normal server with 3h resets , gathering gear is n't as hard as most people seem to believe .
