  so they do a total 15 months of basic training before they can call themselves rangers . 
  since about 4 years back there are no longer any conscription in sweden . 
  or it is , as we say , `` resting conscription '' ( meaning that it can at any time be brought back to the table , would it be needed ) . 
  today joining the swedish armed forces is entirely a free choice , and after you join you can quit at any time if you feel it was n't for you . 
  so you do n't sign up for , say , 8 years , and then you are stuck for 8 years . 
  anyway , after the 3 month basic , you get hired and sent to your unit for further training etc but you 're no longer a recruit , now this is your job and you get paid a salary . 
  or you can just say `` nah , this was n't for me , i 'll just be happy for completing the basic training '' because it 's still pretty hard and not everyone make it . 
  so , the rangers not only once , but twice , made their own choice to become a ranger and undergo 3 +12 months of basic training . 
  but i guess they too get a salary during their ranger basic , would be kinda unfair otherwise . 
  if you leave by yourself ? 
  no dishonorable discharge . 
  you can always apply back , but the unit you apply to might not trust you as much if you once before quit . 
  you can apply back if you 've been fired as well , but that will probably be hard seeing from the recruiters perspective . 
  yeah if you do n't want any of the moose to be left after the shot, 
  quick info :, 
  the swedish home guard is a branch in the swedish armed forces consisting of volunteer soldiers , a reserve force that can be mobilized within 12-24hrs across the country if sweden would fear an invasion . 
  the soldiers otherwise have civilian jobs , but do a couple of exercises each year . 
  when sweden still had conscription , the home guard was pretty much a joke . 
  they often had ancient equipment , and the soldiers were fat old men who sat on a log in the forest drinking coffee and making up stories . 
  today , however , the home guard has become more modern and the average age has been significantly lowered . 
  the home guard also deploy soldiers when there are natural disasters or if people get lost in the woods etc. 
  why do artillery troops never seem to use ear protection like comtacs ? 
  do they use in-ear protection that you just do n't see in photos or is the sound from the cannon actually not loud enough for it to be necessary ? 
  i damn hope so . 
  while i have never been close to artillery or mortars firing myself , so i do n't know exactly how much sound they make , i find it strange they do n't use the comtacs as it is a glorious piece of ear protection . 
  i 'm a soldier in the swedish home guard myself and i do all i can to protect my hearing . 
  it 's very fragile and extremely hard to fix once it go bad . 
  i never play mm with randoms anymore , because 99/100 games , you play with 3-4 russians and they are always just the worst . 
  i 'm not trying to offend anyone but holy shit russians are so fucking toxic to play with compared to any other people . 
  i do n't even get why they play the game . 
  all they seem to do is grief in any possible way they can , be extremely rude , never listen to tactics ( either cuz they dont know english or cuz they just dont care ) etc etc. 
  i have met a few nice russians obviously god damn they are a rarity . 
  i got to try the american m16a2 when i was in the swedish army , and i really did * not * enjoy its iron sights . 
  when i shot at 100 meters with my ak5c with a red dot , i would normally get my shots within 5cm if i got to shoot at my own pace ... 
  but with the m16 and iron sights i was just ... bad . 
  but maybe it 's nice once you get used to it . 
  honesly i have n't played with randoms since like nova 2 , maybe there are n't as many griefing russians in mg . 
   you little skank, 
  lol, 
  im not even exaggerating . 
  atleast 3 russians , every game . 
  where do you live ? 
  i bet that in , like , portugal you do n't play as much with russians . 
  in sweden i get teamed up with them all the fucking time . 
  okay, 
  i only went to public schools and i 'd get food like in the pictures now and then . 
  often it was more boring food , but it was basically always more than good enough to eat and be happy . 
  i 'm pretty sure schools decide a bit by their own how they want to spend their money , even public schools . 
  like , one school might spend money on getting each student their own computer or ipad and goes on a lot of field trips etc , and do n't spend so much on lunches - while another school wont buy their students anything ( except books ) but will have nice food . 
  this is kinda a bullshit comment . 
  you do realize that the americans let hundreds , if no thousands , german soldiers starve to death in pow camps after the war had ended ? 
  they had to eat grass and worms and drink rainwater to survive . 
  not to speak about russian pow camps . 
  and the atom bombs or fire bombing of dresden ? 
  i of course believe 100 % that it was the best that the allies won , but that does n't make them saints . 
  everyone can be evil in war . 
  the allies are certainly no exception . 
  apart from the killing of jews , the different between the allies and the axis is n't huge . 
  if you count russia to the allies ( which you should ) the difference is basically non-existent . 
  anyone have any of these videos/proofs ? 
  well , how about some proof of his blatant cheating for us who did n't follow cs very much in 1.6 ? 
  itt : `` yeah blatant cheater , everyone know he cheated '' while not providing any proof except one [ shitty ass video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkol6zodipy&amp;feature=youtu.be ) that barely shows anything . 
  if this video is proof of delpan cheating , then flusha 's got ta be the biggest cheater in csgo with the `` proof '' we have on him . 
  i bet you 're talking about being slowed down when hit directly with a grenade . 
  not the same thing . 
  haha , mitt i prick . 
  this was very interesting , thanks . 
  my great uncle migrated to the us from sweden about a year before the war . 
  when it broke out he and all the other swedish male immigrants he had met there had two choices : either join the army , or go back to sweden . 
  most of them went home , but my great uncle had met a girl and fallen in love , so he signed up . 
  he survived the war , recieved citizenship , and married that girl . 
  i 've only met him a few times unfortunatly , but damn does he have interesting stories about his life . 
  haha damn i had totally forgot about this . 
  like one week per year we spent the pe classes learning to dance waltz and shit instead of playing sports . 
  it was generally pretty awkward . 
  we all thought it was fun . 
  we just did n't want to admit it when we were 15, 
  i agree , it is not close to what the nazis did . 
  but i think what / u/angryteabag is trying to say is that just because one side is considered the ` good side ' in a war , does n't mean that side did n't do some fucked up shit as well . 
  whatever war you 're in , what side you 're on , and whatever your intentions might be ; dropping bombs over civilians is always fucked up . 
  you ca n't deny that . 
  oh man , i remember wishing my leg would break once during my basic in sweden , just so i would have a reason to leave ( you are allowed to leave anytime , but who wants to say `` i quit , i give up '' , you know ) . 
  we have this training exercise at the end of our 3 month basic called `` never give up '' . 
  basically , it 's a 9 day long field exercise that just fucking sucks in all ways possible . 
  especially when you do it in the winter , which i for some reason decided to do . 
  after 3 days of almost no food or sleep , and one hellish 12h march , we recieved the order `` pack away all your shit except the following :, 
  - your uniform, 
  - your rifle, 
  - your knife, 
  - your firestarter, 
  - your winter jacket, 
  - your canteen, 
  and prepare to march '', 
  so we did . 
  and off we went along this road in the middle of the forest , one by one being sent into the forest while darkness crept upon us . 
  now we were just gon na survive by ourselves , totally alone , in the freezing ass , soon to be dark as a black hole 's asshole , swedish forest . 
  as quickly as i could i found a nice little fir to reside under , and started packing it with more fir branches . 
  then i started looking for the `` indgredienses '' to start a fire with just a fucking fire-starter . 
  all the branches i could find to use as firewood was like goddamn icicles , and holy shit was it getting dark now . 
  after about two hours i managed to get a fire going , and i felt like tom hanks in cast away .
