  holy shit . 
  if trees were actually sentient beings they probably want to die after being forced to witness that . 
  shit , i ca n't even beat it with a normal set-up ... 
  to be fair , he might as well have found the gun on a dead player . 
  sure , you can argue that he should 've destroyed the gun when he found it because of moral reasons ( assuming he knew it was an illegal item ) , but i honestly do n't think a lot of people did that when they found hacker items . 
  my bigger issue with this video was that the reddit rescue force seemed more like the reddit bandit force as they killed 2 guys and stole their chopper , when it seemed like all they did was defending what was theirs from a guy who kos moments earlier . 
  when i was a little kid and did n't know what insulation was , i found a bunch of it laying around at my parents summerhouse when they were renovating one summer . 
  i was like `` hey this is soft etc , it will be fun to play on '' . 
  so i jumped around on it for a while with just my swim shorts on ... that fucking sucked * hard * . 
  probably worse than the time , that same summer , when i fell into an `` ocean '' of stinging nettles while riding my bike , also only wearing shorts . 
  it was a summer of lessons . 
  it shows and reminds people that the military is much more than all the cool operator stuff and big tanks that is usually posted here . 
  much of your time in the military is spent doing boring ass chores . 
  i get what you 're saying , though . 
  but i still upvoted because it 's fun . 
  he does n't really seem like the type who 'd apply for a normal job, 
  that would be my guess as well . 
  sweden had tonnes of ak4s from the days when pretty much every male was conscripted , while the ak5 came along at the time when sweden started to heavily cut down on the military . 
  so instead of giving ak5s to the home guard , they just gave them the ak4 ( many ak4s were also sold to latvia and estonia iirc ), 
  it 's still a nice rifle , and the 7.62 that the ak4 use works a lot better in dense swedish forests rather than the 5.56 in the ak5 . 
  pretty heavy , long and clumsy rifle though , since it 's so old . 
  plus the home guard soldiers are only given 20 round mags , so it 's not exactly the dream rifle in mout/cqc . 
  i could be wrong . 
  but would n't the 7.62 have higher penetration through trees etc compared to the 5.56 ? 
  that 's true . 
  i do n't prefer the 7.62 . 
  i choose the ak5c over the ak4b any day of the week ( i 've used both a lot ) . 
  my point was only that the home guard mainly trains to fight in the forest , not mout . 
  and in a dense forest the 7.62 would do better than 5.56 , even if it is heavier to carry around . 
  however / u/sanderhh made a good point in which i agree . 
  the fighting will generally still be in open ranges ( for example , ambush at roads etc ) , so that sort of kills the reason for using 7.62 caliber rifles . 
  anyway , the swedish armed forces will replace all the ak5s and ak4s for a new weapon in a few years . 
  it has n't been 100 % decided on what weapon will replace them tho . 
  fuuuck thaat . 
  now the blisters i got during my time in the swedish army seems like fucking mosquito bites . 
  it was -19 c and windy in stockholm a few weeks ago ( like a week after new years ) . 
  that was pretty cold for stockholm , since we are fairly far south in the country . 
  generally it 's around freezing . 
  up far north its cold as a dead polar bears butthole most of the winter . 
  also true . 
  home guard soldiers are only issued 4 mags though . 
  however i hope that would change in the event of actual war . 
  ah , this makes it clearer . 
  i thought the person that appears ( and obviously was ) shot in the picture op posted was another police officer . 
  michael was pretty trumpy towards the sikh tech guy , tho, 
  e : do you not remember him shutting down the entire office because he saw a guy in a turban and thought he was a muslim ? 
  if that 's not trumpy , what is ? 
   a number of individuals were apprehended by the authorities for attempting to smuggle butter across the border, 
  i will never forget the 2011 norwegian butter crisis . 
  keep your loussy oil , norrbaggar , i would n't trade it for all the butter in sm\u00e5land . 
  goddamn , even as a swede that word is a mouthfull, 
  idk , that 's probably the part i like the most about the haka . 
  i find it cool that they can embrace that part of maori culture and history together , instead of making it an `` us vs them '' thing . 
   tbf , it happens way too often , and it 's infuriating . 
  tbf , stuff like this gif is extremely rare . 
  like one in a thousand proffesional matches this happens , if even that . 
  but , i agree that there is way too much faking in football . 
  imo the referees should be able to give out match bans after a game is over , when they can really review the footage and see if someone blatantly faked being tripped or hit or w/e . 
  do svidaniya !, 
  i read a couple of articles yesterday about british and us citizens who went and fought with ypg . 
  apparently they just contacted them thrugh their official facebook page , and got all the help they needed to make the trip from there . 
  i know plenty of pretty girls . 
  they just do n't know me . 
  do you have the source video ? 
  that was just the same gif ? 
  i was so disappointed when that one ooh-wee was left out . 
  it 's probably my favourite ooh-wee in the entire series . 
  i always wonder if the animal understand what just happened in situations like these , or if they 're more like `` thank animal god that this pickle i was in just solved itself before those two-legged creatures had their way with me '', 
  was drowning in mud a common death ( i mean , relatively ) in ww1 ? 
  i never even thought about that before . 
  but i guess it must 've happened to atleast some soldiers if they fell wounded into a crater in no man 's land after/during heavy rainfall ... 
  fuck that war must 've sucked something fierce . 
  what do you mean that 's not the point ? 
  the statistics of rape in sweden and several other countries literally can not be compared , not even with many european countries because what counts as rape here and there ** is not the same ** . 
  also , notice that the statistics show `` police-recorded offences '' , not cases where a perpetrator has actually been convicted of rape . 
  that means that if a girl in sweden is at a nightclub and a guy shoves his hand down their pants and she report it to the police , it shows up in the statistics as a rape . 
  in several other countries the police might not even record it , because they know they wo n't catch the guy . 
  or , if they do record it , it will not be as a rape but a sexual assault . 
  not to mention that in many countries the girl wo n't even dare to report the incident because they might get fucking stoned . 
  do you not see the problem here ? 
  *** it ca n't be compared . 
  you do n't have to tell me sweden has a problem with immigration . 
  i 've known this since i was old enough to just scratch the surface of politics , and since then it 's only become worse . 
  that does n't mean that i will back `` false '' statistics when i see it . 
  the argument `` sweden rape capitol of the world hurr durr '' has been thrown around for several years on different forums , and it 's always the same statistics shown , and they simply can not be compared . 
  while sweden has problems , those statistics show a completely false reality . 
  i mean honestly , how retarded can you be if you seriously think there are more raping going on in sweden than basically every other country on earth ? 
  people need to get a fucking grip . 
  they 're security guards and they often get to endure a lot more shit than cops , since they do n't carry a gun and do n't have the same authorities as cops . 
  honestly , i think his reaction is completely justified . 
  they 're outnumbered in a really shitty situation with fighting already going on - and the woman goes at him physically . 
  no idea for him to know what her intentions were , and he acted completely understandably . 
  there is in soccer as well . 
  the problem is that the referee has to see it in person at the moment it happens ... 
  so the player wo n't be punished if the referee did n't see their filming the moment it occurred , which is fucked . 
  also much smaller . 
   the incident occurred at 20:10 in the armory of the private security department of the national guard on kuskovskaya street in moscow, 
  read op 's comment . 
  what are you on about ? 
  it 's the second highest voted comment in the tread .
