  i live in stockholm and i really hope we get a snowy winter this year . 
  been snowing a looot in stockholm today actually . 
  but it 's fairly warm outside so i just hope it does n't melt too much and then freeze during the night and become ` skare ' whatever that 's called in english . 
  damn dewd, 
  it 's not down for me . 
  it was uploaded more than 4 years ago with 3.3 million views , i do n't think it would be taken down instantly just because someone posted it in comments on r/combatfootage . 
  nah i trust you that you could n't watch it , obviously . 
  i just do n't think there is a bot on r/combatfootage with enough power to instantly remove videos that get posted here . 
   reddiquitte is dead, 
  and why is that ? 
  because i commented saying that the video was n't down for me and that i do n't share your belief of a bot , or person , lurking r/combatfootage removing videos posted here ? 
  come on , dude . 
  of course you do n't have time to explain it . 
  no one who realize they 've talking stupid shit ever does . 
  germanic/slavic demon , not just english . 
  read the article you ignoramus, 
  what ? 
  mhm , keep avoiding it buddy . 
  good of you to take the time to reply tho , even if it was just more bullshit , since your time is so scarce . 
  i had no knowledge of this exploit before i stumbled upon this thread just now . 
  what was the exploit and how does it hinder you from doing mythics ? 
   killed myself with the cooked human steak, 
  i have played very little of the standalone for the past 2 years ... how does this work ? 
  do you die if you consume too much human flesh ? 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  got ta stay warm somehow . 
  this home guard soldier is a member in one of the stockholm batallions who had an exercise outside stockholm about two weeks ago . 
  the home guard is the swedish reserve force . 
  the soldiers all have civilian lifes , but have some sort of former military training , be it 3 month basic training or a 20 year long carreer in the swedish armed forces . 
  they do 2 field exercises each year , and are never deployed abroad . 
  it 's solely for national defense . 
  they also help during natural catastrophes or look for people who have gotten lost in the forest , etc. 
  edit : the weapons in the picture are two automatkarbin 4b ( ak4b , swedish modified hk g3 , former standard issued weapon in the swedish armed forces , now only used by the home guard ) , and the classic pansarskott m/86 ( at4 ), 
  oh shit , you better make sure you 're joking before the real cod-generals get here dewd, 
  ~ ~ +100 mastery gems should n't cost more than like 30g . 
  +150 around 1k . 
  much better than +10 agility . ~ ~, 
  apparently my servers economy is n't to be trusted . 
  still , 100 + mastery should n't be expensive . 
  holy fuck i wish i was a jc on your server . 
  on my server +100 gems go for like 20g and +150 400-2k, 
   got ta say , the finns out-winter camo you swedes . 
  the finns do have some impressive camo . 
  good thing they 're not as good in hockey as they are in making camo . 
  [ here is our winter camo . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kd2k5xb.jpg ) simple yet effective enough . 
  my guess is that a soldier was `` wounded '' , and it 's his ak4b he has on his back . 
  i saw this on a 360p youtube-video , so the quality is terrible . 
  but when this was on tv i bet you could see who he was with no problem . 
  i do n't speak bulgarian , and the translation on the video was n't the best , but from what i understood he and some buddies went and beat up some immigrant kids downtown because they did n't like immigrants . 
  charming fellows . 
  i 'm positive it 's not edited in any way . 
  the video was 360p on youtube , - that plus the decrease in quality that always occurs when ulpoading a video makes it impossible for us to see any facial details . 
  but i 'm sure if you saw it live on hd tv , it would n't be hard to see him . 
  he was obviously joking , do n't read too much into it . 
  that is the joke, 
  they should get a second dog and name it trevor so they can say `` trevor , smokes , let 's go ! '', 
  no soup for jew, 
  hehe, 
  i 've seen this countless times , and still , anytime it 's posted i re-watch it atleast 3 times . 
  it 's just so amazing . 
  what subreddit am i in, 
  just googled that place and [ that city has had its ' fair share of shit in this war ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4m8h3bd.jpg ) . 
  a question ; is the lebanese hezbollah on the regime side ? 
  in the top comment it says the pow is an army soldier , but you say that he fought alongside hezbollah . 
  i have very limited knowledge about them , but i did n't think of them as a group that would support the current syrian regime . 
  thanks , til, 
  you can get up to 10 years for rape in sweden . 
  one of the reason it 's lower for these dudes is that they 're all under 18 ( well , they claim to be ) , sweden is n't unique in that . 
  i can bet my life savings that they will get far less than 4 years , though . 
  as long as they get deported after their jail time i do n't really care tbh , that will hit them much harder than any jail sentence in a swedish prison . 
  hemv\u00e4rnet operator as fuck, 
  seriously . 
  i listened to a podcast today about one of swedens most well-known criminals , and he tells a story how after one robbery he commited in the 80s the police caught up with him , and he felt like wanted to die rather than go back to prison ... 
  so he starts aiming his [ 7.62 ak4 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mddztsk.jpg ) at them , hoping they 'd shoot him . 
  what do they do ? 
  they approach this criminal who they * know * has shot cops before , and they fucking wrestle him to the ground and put him in handcuffs . 
  during the 80s , so they did n't even have bulletproof vests . 
  these cops , or atleast the one who drew his gun first , are seriously fucking pussies . 
  edit : that said , if someone points their gun at an officer or anyone else , cops have my full support in unloading their gun at that person . 
  i do n't blame them for shooting knife wielding criminals either , if they do n't cooperate . 
  is it confirmed that the crash was caused because they ran out of fuel ? 
  i read that the plane they flew in did n't have big enough fuel tanks for that trip , but it was just a matter of miles , so i thought that could n't be the actual reason they crashed . 
  i mean if they saw that as an actual risk they would n't have taken off . 
  something more must 've gone wrong , no ? 
  anyway , glad to see he 's on his feet . 
  i hope he and the other survivors make full recoveries . 
  i see this comment about as often as i see `` sweden has the highest suicide rate in the world '' , both are just as wrong . 
  sweden has problems with the immigration , you do n't have to argue with me on that point , but you are seriously fucking retarded if you actually believe sweden has the second most rapes in the entire world . 
   for tourists who do n't give a shit, 
  relax dude , not everyone know about this . 
  i rode elephants with my family in thailand 10 years ago when i was 14 , none of us had any idea how elephants were treated to make them that submissive . 
  today i , or anyone else in my family , would n't go to a place where you ride elephants because we know , but that does n't apply to everyone . 
  a lot of people think elephants are just as fine with it as horses are . 
  nope , i did n't . 
  they 're huge and very intelligent animals , that have been ridden for millenias , just like horses , so it did n't cross my 14 year old mind that they 'd have to be tortured since they were babies to accept it . 
  neither did it cross my parents minds who have lived for 50 years being told that elephants do n't mind being ridden . 
  not everyone grew up with internet , and especially websites like reddit where information like this is spread like wildfire . 
  it 's very unfair to say they do n't give a shit about the animal just because they have n't been told the truth . 
  because quick scoping triggers the auto aim obviously,
