  how was the acoustics in there ? 
  all that snoring from 50 guys must 've been nice . 
  we had plenty of those , do n't you worry . 
  as i 've explained , we were allowed to have our socks and undershirts etc hanging from the bed to dry overnight . 
  i unfortunately do n't have any pictures from how it looked during the day , but i 'm sure one of those would calm your nerves enough to not suffer nightmares tonight . 
  way back in the day it was probably longer . 
  i 'm talking more about the mid 90s up until conscription was halted . 
  post cold war conscription times . 
  we lost a few as well . 
  started out with 45 and ended with 37 iirc , 2 of them from injuries . 
  i think everyone who dropped out did it in the first 2 weeks . 
  the change from civilian life to a military recruit hit them too hard i suppose . 
  also the lockers are actually steel . 
  way too heavy for someone to throw them out , plus they were chained to the wall so as not to fall and crush someone . 
  but we often got ordered to just throw everything out in a pile and put it back in , if the officers found a sock that was in the wrong place or whatever . 
  korean basic confirmed to suck the most . 
  why is that ? 
  edit : nvm googled it , i thought hell week was just a general term used in all us armed forces branches . 
  did n't realize it was exclusively for seals . 
  my bad . 
  y' all seem to have perfect teeth, 
  do you mean what 's around my legs ? 
  that 's just my uniform, 
  denmark is just a bad country all together, 
  yes , no doubt . 
  you learn a lot of valuable skills in survival etc. 
  and it 's character building . 
  it 's much more than just shooting a gun . 
  plus you will make a lot of good friends . 
  yeah i understand the idea behind taking away the phone and i thought that would be the case going into basic . 
  but tbth i do n't think our phones really affected the team building within the squad and platoon . 
  at least not in any major way . 
  we still spent every waken ( and sleeping ) second together and we got really close in my squad during the 3 months . 
  a lot closer than i got to any off my class mates during the 3 years of swedish high school . 
  i think i phoned home twice during the 3 months , when my parents wanted updates . 
  these cant be right . 
  i did my basic at livgardet and our minimums were higher than those in all tests except the planking . 
  static hanging is 40sec minimum in every branch in the swedish military except home guard . 
  edit : i 'm talking about the multitest . 
  iirc we had 12 min to finish the 2km with combat gear , and the swimming part is the same, 
  i could be remembering wrong in some of the tests but the static hanging from a bar i 'm certain is 40sec nation wide . 
  unless they 've changed it that is . 
  or they pulled these requirements from the home guard , which in that case would probably be correct . 
  ( btw i 'm not bashing the home guard at all , i joined them myself for a couple years after i left the active army , i 'm just saying their physical requirements are very low ), 
  that make sense , 
  unfortunately no . 
  i left the home guard a few months back because i felt i do n't have the time right now to be as active as i 'd like . 
  i 'll probably join again eventually . 
  correct, 
  they are sneaky af . 
  ours would sometimes , if they did n't find any dirt or dust anywhere in the room during the morning inspection , stomp lightly on the floor to loosen up dirt from their own boots and then say `` what the fuck is this ? '', 
  and make us clean the floor again . 
   since its not actually a field exercise to test ones limits, 
  that 's actually exactly what it 's supposed to be . 
  however , everyone 's agu ( never give up ) was different as the officers had a lot of freedom when deciding what their recruits will do . 
  maybe you are sog-material and thought it was a breeze , or maybe your officers decided to go with an agu light and focus more on learning stuff . 
  i 'm a fairly regular dude , however , so for me our agu was really fucking shitty . 
  almost no food , basically one ration of freeze dried food `` gr\u00f6np\u00e5se '' ( about 300 calories to give you an idea ) or just an energy bar every 30th hour or so for 8 days . 
  several fast-paced 12hr + marches with one 5 min break every hour in full combat gear and backpack . 
  little to no sleep . 
  we spent 5/7 nights outside under a tree or in hastily built wind shelters ( bivacker ) in december with no mattress or sleeping bag , only our uniform and the winter jacket . 
  and if the cold was n't enough to keep you awake , we were attacked almost every night and had to break camp after an hour or so of combat . 
  one night we spent in a tent with a fireplace so it was warm , and one night we spent under roof but in a building with no electricity and open windows and doors . 
  both those nights we were attacked . 
  it had rained for a week straight leading up to our agu , and then it went below freezing . 
  so all firewood we would gather from the ground were wet and covered in ice . 
  we spent 2 nights completely alone in the forest with a knife and firestarter basically ( ensamdygnen ) , it was pitch-black 16hrs per day and we were not allowed to use flashlight . 
  those were the only 2 nights we were n't attacked , but they were shitty enough as it was . 
  nah man , it was n't chill at all . 
  it honestly is delicious when eaten the correct way . 
  not straight from the can like in all the videos you see online . 
  it is complete and utter bullshit and lies that police in the city gets attacked by swedish youth in the same way they get attacked/provoced in this video . 
  the worst i 've seen is some drunk kid shouting `` fuck the police '' just to get scared and apologize when confronted by the police . 
  claiming that the cops get stones thrown at them , getting ganged up and provoced/attacked by swedish kids etc is just lies , plain and simple . 
  and how do you expect someone to give proof of this ? 
  no one writes articles about police not getting attacked . 
  the proof is rather that no one will be able to show you an article that supports what the guy in the top post said , since it does n't happen . 
  meanwhile there are * countless * articles about cops being attacked in basically every suburb with an immigrant majority . 
  also , yeah , tensta/rinkeby and all the other suburbs like them might not be `` no-go zones '' , but most cops would still advice you not to go there if you have no actual business being there . 
  the only times i 've seen swedes attacking cops is either football hooligans or afa , or some random dude who ca n't handle his alcohol and gets mad when police want to take him to the drunk tank . 
  i 've never in my entire life heard of cops being attacked by random gangs of swedish kids , while it happens regularly in immigrant heavy suburbs . 
  you ca n't claim this is just `` normal teenage behavior '' , because it 's not . 
  nope . 
  but since you claim this is such a common thing , how come there are no footage of swedish youth gangs acting this way , while there are tonnes of footage of immigrants doing it ? 
  i 've seen it happen in denmark , when they shut down that shady `` youth house '' you had in copenhagen a few years ago , but i 've never seen it in sweden . 
  nothing says `` you should 've respected our way of life and safehaven ! '', 
  like violent riots , attacking bystanders and police , and causing millions of danish kronor in damage . 
  anarchists and other far-left are just the coolest . 
   and like before all of these brown people showed up in sweden it was just a crime-free country filled with bliss and kanelbullar, 
  but since 1975 crime has doubled in sweden , while the population has only increased by about 20 % ( much of this from immigration ) . 
  anyone who want to push the agenda that sweden is safer than ever can also get the fuck out of here . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that i 'm lying ? 
  check the statistics yourself on br\u00c5 . 
  or just continue to turn the other cheek if the statistics do n't suit you , that really seem to work out . 
  whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  do like the other leftists usually do , walk away as soon as you 're presented with statistics you do n't like , and lie to yourself that you walked away because you are the bigger person . 
  all the while acting condescending in a `` neutral manner '' , and * of course * , pull the racism card . 
  no discussion can be completed without atleast once calling the other person a racist , right ? 
  it has to be real easy to be a leftist , as all you got ta do is call the other person a racist and turn your back to the discussion , and in your mind you won it and proved me wrong .
