  i do n't get it, 
  it helps when you do n't have to play with 3 russians every other game , who do n't know a single word in english . 
  it feels like a lot of people in eu has just given up on comms in random mm . 
  valve russian servers pls . 
  i did n't say anything about skill gaps ? 
  i never rage , nor did i say that the russians are dicks . 
  i said a lot of them do n't know english , which will obviously affect teamplay in random mm . 
  `` guys i 'll go glass cannon and hold mid '', 
  an eod team would likely take care of it . 
  i 'm not american but i know that atleast the swedish armed forces would never risk doing anything with a failed explosive device of any sort but call in the eod guys and let them take care of it . 
  for me it 's often the opposite , atleast with smokes . 
  what i see in-game is not visible in demo . 
  do you have a name for that documentary ? 
  people always look for something to complain about, 
  thanks man . 
  too bad there were no english subs, 
  am i stupid or do i have to understand american football to get this ? 
  that 's a pug team if i ever saw one, 
  a party of extremist feminists and leftists . 
  she 's cute af with brown eyes aswell, 
  probably because the majority of the world do n't have english as a first language . 
  me included . 
  the bug has been removed since 24hrs, 
  are you serious ? 
  there are like 3 threads about the spray pattern on the front page right now, 
  that 's not really true . 
  the ct pistols are far superior to the glock on long ranges , moving slowly and trying to have an aim battle versus usp/p2k is not very wise ... you need to push as fast as you can with the glocks or you will be fast dead if you play against decent aimers . 
  i 'd say that 's solely a matter personal preference . 
  i 've played with both ( probably more p2k than usp ) , but for the last month or so , and especially after the latest update , i prefer the usp . 
  if you 're not very good at aiming the p2k would be the best choice as it has more ammo , but it is * very slightly * less accurate , and obviously you lose the advantage of the silencer . 
  j.j. \u00c5kesson, 
  +150 attack power om du anv\u00e4nder fist weapon, 
  u can kill me anytime bby, 
  nah , you can still play cs : go if you get vac ban in mw2 . 
  1500hrs , not once . 
  i mean , i 've seen it happen on d2 when someone runs in front of the awp that 's peeking mid from t spawn and gets accidentally shot in the head . 
  but it 's still very rare , since anyone with common sense will run behind the awp ... 
  just because there are still wars and conflicts does n't mean it 's not the most peaceful time since basically the dawn of civilization . 
  i believe nukes actually prevented war between the u.s. and the soviet during the cold war , because of the mutual assured destruction a nuclear war would cause . 
  but the reason there are more peace today ( at least in the western world ) probably depends more on ideology reasons , like the democratic peace theory etc. 
  elijah wood as frodo, 
  i 'm not sure about the underground gems , someone else will have to help you with that . 
  but when it comes to public transport , you can buy a 7-day pass for 300 sek , which you can use on all trains/buses/trams etc in stockholm . 
  you also live at a pretty good spot , as there are the metro and trams going from alvik to basically all around town . 
  if you do n't find anything else , you can always go to stureplan tomorrow . 
  it 's in central stockholm and a lot of clubs and bars are centered around it so there will be tonnes of people there . 
  many clubs will probably require a pre-bought ticked though , as so many will want to get in . 
  we norrland now boys, 
  surprised he did n't have earphones in on max volume , shouting like a madman . 
  i do n't think it 's real . 
  the interviewer plays a roll in do n't legalize it , so they 're probably friends . 
  netflix has a different selection depending on what country you live in . 
  in the swedish army we are also taught to look down the barrel before any live fire exercise , just to make sure nothing is blocking it . 
  never really thought about how stupid it actually looks haha . 
  the reason we do n't use a cleaning rod is probably only because it takes more time . 
  i recently joined the swedish home guard . 
  they are competent enough for the task we are supposed to do in case of war . 
  most people in hemv\u00e4rnet are either old conscript soldiers ( atleast 7 months training ) or come fresh from gmu ( 3 months ) , and i have met ex-proffesionals with deployment and combat experience . 
  other than that we do war exercises each year to keep the training somewhat fresh . 
  installera gyazo . 
  if that 's the best quality they can offer , it 's fucking terrible . 
  the accuracy or the damage ? 
  you did n't have head kevlar , which would explain the damage . 
  the accuracy i do n't really see a problem with , it 's always been like that . 
  sure it 's annoying as shit to get a hs from someone jumping through smoke - but keep some distance ( and buy helmet ) when you think they 're going to eco and thist wo n't happen . 
  this guy did n't even have head kevlar . 
  maybe it 's not his first language either . 
  you dick . 
  since first world is the topic , are there many swedes ( or scandinavians ) in the legion ? 
  most swedish greetings are often used twice , and many of them can also be used to say goodbye . 
  yeah i remember watching an old swedish documentary where they said scandinavians at least seem to have a hard time with the discipline . 
  anyway i 'm not thinking of joining myself , i was just curious . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  f.\u00f6 . 
   body pillow, 
  bed ? 
  autism can do that to you, 
  he 'd be the best in the world if he wanted to . 
  he just does n't feel like it right now . 
  it 's always good to watch yourself on demos , and not only to watch that sick clutch you made , but constructive spectating off yourself . 
  download demos and actually watch how you play and you 'll probably notice a lot of `` why did i do that ? '', 
  situations that you can improve . 
  this was only a week ago . 
  meh , that shit can happen even at pro level . 
  fnatic has zero 'd nip and old g2 has zero 'd vp . 
  there are probably more 16-0 games , but those are the ones i can think of from the top of my head . 
  edit : oh yeah , fnatic 16-0 lg at dh winter last year, 
  that movie was fucking hilarious , seriously . 
  it was like a horror comedy . 
  just bizarre . 
  '' * for more related subreddits click [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/wiki/index ) . 
  * '' precis under `` related subreddits '', 
  this post, 
  if you count sleep paralysis as a nightmare , then that . 
  afton means evening in swedish , and astrid is a fairly common name in sweden and probably all of scandinavia . 
  well , shit . 
  if only the total war ai could be as smart as sheep ... 
  '' - hey guys , should n't someone be holding guard so we do n't get overrun by surprise ? 
  - ahmed , what the fuck do you think the barbed wire is for ? '', 
  no but seriously , it 's really sad to see how poorly trained these guys are before given tasks that can involve actual combat .
