  the lee does not make as much damage as you say , it does about half your health and often ( not always ) make you pass out . 
  but , you are right that he should 've been killed by the lee since he was shot like 3 times . 
  kyle looks like justin bieber, 
  i 've never really understood this comment . 
  are you like this when walking out of the cinnema and your friends start talking about their favorite scenes in the movie as well ? 
  `` oh man that scene when frodo almost did n't throw the ring in the lava was so intense '', 
  `` yeah we watched the movie too , fuckhead . 
  do n't you ever fucking dare mentioning anything about it again '', 
  christ . 
  th-they , they be sayin ' `` damn you got some big hands '', 
  reminds me of the suicide bomber in stockholm a few years ago who only managed to blow himself up . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi3ix8wtzam ), 
  yeah , what gives ? 
  i want to know more !, 
  would be logical . 
  iirc in nordic mythology they basically believed that the darkness of the night was caused by a `` blanket '' thrown over earth , and that stars were holes poked through it so you could see the brightness of the sun on the other side . 
  i do n't remember what they thought about the moon , though . 
  or maybe i remember it from a fantasy book or something , so do n't take my word for granted . 
  i do n't know about the us , but in sweden we 're not allowed to put our hands in our pockets because it look sleazy . 
  i guess it 's the same in the us ? 
  why * did * you glue them shut ? 
  contraband, 
  could be there 's no justice in the world at the moment, 
  during my basic training in sweden last year it was always a `` very big country east of sweden called * redland * '' who was the enemy . 
  i wonder what redland was based on ... 
  uh , yes , you can, 
  a somewhat funny swedish one :, 
  far , f\u00e5r f\u00e5r f\u00e5r ? 
  ( dad , does sheep get sheep ? 
  no , sheep does not get sheep , sheep gets lamb ), 
  i remember every single level of that game . 
  it was my first ever fps-game . 
  i got it on the ps2 when i was 10 , and it 's still my most beloved fps-game ever . 
  honestly , all levels were so much fun . 
  just as fun as the first one . 
  one of my favorite campaigns was the * needle in a haystack * , it was just crazy fun , especially with the * operation repunzel * in my opinion . 
  fuck , i need to play this game again . 
  same here . 
  i 've been to 16 countries in 4 continents ( europe , asia , africa & north america ) , but when i was backpacking with some friends in ireland last summer i just fell in love with galway . 
  it was freaking amazing . 
  we were extremely lucky with the weather as well , which was nice . 
  the town itself , and the surrounding landscapes were just so beautiful , and it was a really fun city for four 20-year-olds . 
  drinking a few beers in that big park , talking to random people , then going from bar to bar on the `` bar-street '' on your way down to that river flowing through the town , where hundreds of people of all ages just sat and enjoyed the warm night . 
  then we went on to one a club before going back to the hostel . 
  it was one of the nicest nights i 've ever had . 
  i agree with you . 
  i started playing bf3 again 3-4 weeks ago , and i maybe meet a hacker every 1 out of 10 games or something , which is n't too bad at all . 
  that 's a very bright red dot  unless you 're doing some very close quarter fighting, 
  i thought it was gon na be `` they both came second '' , but that would be weird . 
  so does her little sister , [ princess madeleine of sweden ] ( http://imgur.com/khmyiwi ), 
  edit : fun story : it is said that when charles xiv john first came to sweden with his wife , the people were told to cheer and yell `` viva la reine '' ( * long live the queen * in french ) , but since many were uneducated peasents , speaking french was too much for them , and so they were told to yell `` vi vill ha regn '' ( * we want rain * in swedish ) because it sounds pretty much identical when spoken/yelled out loud . 
  i worked there for a short while a couple of summers back . 
  their ice cream is amazing . 
  it 's a pretty famous photo , it feels like someone would 've recognized him by now ... 
  aka early alpha, 
  pretty weird, 
  i personally do n't play at the moment because i do n't like the lore in mop . 
  i think it 's a bit too `` childish '' , and it just does n't feel like wow for me ( atleast not the wow i enjoy ) . 
  i prefer fighting the scourge and burning legion etc in order to keep azeroth safe , not some monkeys on an island that has had no part at all in wow in the previous years ( yes i know pandarians has a part in the warcraft lore , that 's not my case ) . 
  that said , the game is still good . 
  there are great raids etc , as long as the lore does n't bother you . 
  the game itself has changed a bit since wotlk , but not so much that you would have a problem to start playing it again . 
  it 's still the same game in the basics , there are just a couple of new features . 
  i guess / r/combatfootage exists for a reason, 
  doing basic training or something like that is really good , though . 
  atleast in most cases . 
  i did my basic military training in sweden last year . 
  it was just 3 months , but you learn extremely much , and not just how to fire a weapon and fight an enemy . 
  we were taught a lot of self-defense , some law , a lot about nato , eu and un etc. 
  and most important imo , the survival training . 
  the end of my basic was in december , and the last thing you do is this field excersice for nine days , where ~ 48h of them you have to spend completely alone in the woods with very little tools . 
  being trained to survive in the swedish winter with basically only a knife and a fire starter might save my life someday . 
  plus i made a lot of really good friends in only 3 months , which was nice . 
  however , basic training differs in many countries i suppose . 
  this is probably one of the most ridiculous and failed pretentious comments i 've seen on this sub . 
  yes , warning shots are fired * at * someone . 
  when you fire warning shots you fire it at the direction of the target , just ~ 1m to the side of his feet , therefore they are fired * at * the target but deliberately not * on * the target . 
  what do you want the title to say ? 
  `` russian soldiers fire warning shots 1m to the left of ukrainian soldiers feet '' ? 
  i can promise you no one will ever have any problem at all understanding exactly what this title means . 
  i do n't really understand why there are 2004 tsunami-clips in this video , though . 
  that tsunami was rather an example of when man comes together to help each other, 
  hurts like a motherfucker as well everytime you have to tighten/adjust them, 
  yes . 
  i think co-op with friends are extremely enjoyable . 
  in my opinion bf3 had too few co-op missions . 
  not * entirely * true . 
  swedish general jacob de la gardie did `` occupy '' moscow in 1610 , but that was * with * the russians when king karl ix had sent de la gardie and his troops to support tsar vasilij iv against the poles . 
  we did not `` give '' moscow away , but lost it to the poles when the foreign infantry in de la gardies army refused to fight ( something about salary iirc ) , and the allied russians fled ( cowards ) . 
  so de la gardie had no choice than to `` give '' moscow to the poles in order not to be slaughtered with the few swedish troops he had . 
  anyway i 'm not sure i 'm 100 % correct , it was a while ago i read about this stuff , but it should be pretty much how it went down . 
  edit : spelling, 
  edit 2 : worth mentioning is also that the citizens of moscow were very happy to se the swedes and welcomed them , rather than seeing them as an enemy force which would make an occupation a lot harder . 
  he probably should have opened the second lid on the red dot , though . 
  true . 
  it 's pretty bad , though . 
  atleast in my opinion . 
  plus there 'd be no reason to open the first lid if he 's gon na let the second on stay closed - since that 's the one actually blocking sight . 
  but it could 've just opened by itself , it does pretty easily . 
  the one closest to the eye is of made of glass and usually only opened for precision firing , ( which is why i think that it opened by itself on this picture ) .
