  i 'm frugal and look at raw power before i buy anything, 
  and that 's fine , but you ca n't asume everyone does the same . 
  in fact , i can guarantee you that 's not the case for most people . 
  just look at apple 's success for your proof . 
  if you want to believe everyone buying macbooks are idiots , go ahead . 
  i 'm insinuating that less specs does n't mean inferior because each individual 's priority list of things to look for in a laptop is going to be wildly different , and that as much as you only care about raw power , most people do n't . 
  for instance , when i got my macbook air , it was the lightest laptop on the market , the longest lasting battery by orders of magnitude and still was powerful enough that i could play league of legends on it , the only game i play . 
  on top of all that , the fact that it was os x meant i could now use the native os of the laptop for all my dev needs ( yes , os x beats windows for software devs ) . 
  it suited my needs perfectly and nothing else even existed that could do all of that at any price point aside from the air . 
  i was in awe . 
  you know what everyone said to me ? 
  `` but the specs of this lenovo are better and it 's cheaper '', 
  amazing hypothesis , execution and results . 
  10/10 would read the paper again . 
  song from 1998 . 
  lyrics in english can be found here . 
  very inspirational :, 
  the lack of mayday call kind of destroys that hypothesis . 
  anyone else thinks of helios 522 ? 
  they go up , get hypoxia , emergency descend and the alps just happened to be there ? 
  i 'll be there too !, 
  my spotify thinks i 'm in spain ( created the account there and its cheaper so have n't changed it ) , have been able to listen to it all day long . 
  script mc is literally the only mc i can handle , and i surprisingly actually like him !, 
  totally , if someone wants to see what a proper netsky concert with proper crowd looks like :, 
  btw , the full concert used to be on youtube , if anyone knows how to recover it i 'd be really happy :p, 
   dynamite mc, 
  ca n't talk about armanni , but dynamite and netsky have worked together before :, 
  you tell me , but imo script integrates himself much more into the band , it makes himself sound like part of the song almost unlike every other mc just shouting around :p, 
  highlights : he went for a live voice/piano only intro to home , he played really short vip remixes of the new songs but played almost all of them and imperium live is the best thing i 've danced to in a long time , 
  so the `` background lights '' have been upgraded to the new adventure logo and they provide a quite awesome surface on which to display visuals because of the size of it . 
  aside from that the venue itself was shitty and not much to comment on . 
  sorry that i took 0 pics and videos but i have a policy of leaving the phone on the wardrobe inside my coat , phone thieves are big in london concerts . 
  i 'm sure youtube will have videos of this tomorrow , be patient , 
  we are hopeful it will never happen , but we are sure it will at least happen much less frequently . 
  entered soloq , had worst team ever . 
  they were flaming and blaming all game long even though they were hard feeding themselves , then of course voting no surrender so they could feed a bit more . 
  game ends , i 'm so angry i 'm ready to close the game for the rest of the day and cancel my easter holiday marathon . 
  fucking trolls you know ? 
  and then ... ( i 'm morg ), 
  hail loss forgiven you saved my hoilidays, 
  i play proxy singed , you ca n't really look at my overall kda and draw any kind of conclusion . 
  that said i 'm not saying i deserve to be platinum i 'm fine where i am , but that team in particular ... 
  madeon himself like little over an hour , but there were 2 hours of guests first . 
  no , the official lineup was `` madeon and special guests '' . 
  reading the whole chain , i can only recommend you read this :, 
  reddit users should be responsible for downvoting something to hell if it 's not interesting , not the mods . 
  hell , that 's the whole point of reddit , that people can collectively filter large amounts of posts . 
  i have no idea what i 'm talking about , but this kind of looks as if all what we saw was a machine producing huge magnetic fields aligning itself with earth 's magnetic field . 
  why ? 
  the magnet in a compass is n't any powerful . 
  it 's not about how powerful the force we saw was but about how small the friction with the surface is . 
  what i described is what satellites already use to rotate . 
  you also are at the point where you can buy a 0 $ stone that will permanently kill someone without even using a beam . 
  that 's why i 'm not ok with regulating it as anything else than as a potentially dangerous tool . 
  i do n't think you understand what 1w means . 
  the same reason you ca n't look at the sun you ca n't look at this without goggles . 
  i 'm not joking . 
  the chances of me striking a plane `` by accident '' with a laser are roughly equal to the chances of me throwing a rock to your head by accident . 
  people doing this are just idiots and that 's who 's to blame not the laser/rock . 
  thanks :p, 
  that 's what most people do n't realise . 
  a `` savant '' like that only works in an exquisite team like barcelona is , just look what happened every time he tried to play outside of it ... 
  works !, 
  just did this in reality 2 seconds ago and ended up in this dream !, 
  to clarify , this was last friday , the video was taken while waiting on the hospital . 
  got 20 stitches ( 3 eye-side , 7 above the eye , 10 in the middle ) . 
  will post updates , 
  lost face , won karma , it all works out in the end . 
  to give some background , this was last friday after 2 hours waiting on the emergency room . 
  i had to wait so much because if you look closely , there are n't 2 but 3 cuts , the third one being just at the edge of the eye . 
  no doctor in there wanted to stitch that because of how close to the eye it was . 
  they ended up calling an ex-cardiologist who finally said he would do it . 
  got 3 stitches there , 7 on top of the eye and 10 more in the middle . 
  friday night , 6 hours afterwards : https://i.imgur.com/ntdqxim.jpg, 
  now , 48h afterwards : https://i.imgur.com/ro7cbm9.jpg, 
  added on the op !, 
  did n't feel shit . 
  the doctor did mention he was surprised how high my pain threshold was !, 
  car parked on cycle lane , other car driving way to fast on normal lane pushed me into the first one . 
  face vs rear window . 
  nope !, 
  london, 
  car parked on cycle lane , other car driving way to fast on normal lane pushed me into the first one . 
  face vs rear window . 
  i was wearing one . 
  not much a bike helmet does for your face though ... 
  bicycle . 
  i 've seen plenty of motorbike drivers without full helmets though ... 
  or with an undamaged face for this matter , 
  it was my understanding that optic fiber would let you do better than your solution ? 
   here, 
  fantastic read and i know jackshit about law . 
  it 's called dopamine . 
  a business model that only works as long as the amount of people in the business keeps increasing . 
  because the amount of people on the planet is limited , it is guaranteed to go bankrupt eventually . 
  however , setting one up and then quitting before it crashes would make you a lot of money , which is why they 're illegal pretty much in all countries . 
  a very simple example would be `` pay 10 $ to join then we 'll give you 10 $ each year '' . 
  you see , as long as each year we get 10 times as many new joiners as current members , you actually deliver the promise !, 
   he 's not going to jail for his religious beliefs . 
  he was charged because he made comments through a very public forum that could exacerbate religious tensions in a country that is prone to such because we are a secular island in the midst of very religious countries .
