  the government only gets as many rights as we , the people , give it . 
  what you 're describing is an empire , not a democracy . 
  no , but you have the right to pull any those powers whatever your constitution wants to say . 
  not a right given by some 300 old document but by your human condition . 
  that 's how i see it : humans first , country second . 
  alright , imagine this situation . 
  us invades the uk overnight . 
  they incorporate it as part of it 's territory and give all the population full american citizenship . 
  would n't then the us be able to claim that without a majority vote , a majority of the whole new us , the uk is trying to betray `` democracy '' ? 
  and before you invoke how this would be a colonial situation , at what point does it not become one ? 
  10 years ? 
  20 years ? 
  what if the uk is initially actually happy but then changes it mind 50 years later ? 
  so , we 're going back to the 300 year old history dominating nowadays laws over common sense ? 
  what about the fact that catalonia did n't join voluntarily then ? 
  of course , of course . 
  of course it has nothing to do with brexit . 
  the fact that it 's also at it 's lowest against euro must mean something fantastic happened in the eu too . 
  [ `` anything is called art nowadays '' ] ( https://imgur.com/a/gplts ), 
  `` this is wrong because it 's illegal '', 
  it 's supposed to be the other way around , and by the way , if you ca n't justify why it 's wrong in itself then maybe it should n't be illegal . 
  survivor bias . 
  erasmus people are much more likely to stay in the country they visit . 
  if you 're in britain , a good chunk of young educated eu nationals will have been ex erasmus , if you were in spain it 'd be the other way around . 
  keep in mind , erasmus runs as an exchange : when i went to ucl from upc in barcelona , someone from ucl was in upc . 
  vyprvpn , 30 mbps because unlike most vpns rather than renting servers they have their own infrastructure . 
  pm me your email and i 'll send you a free one month trial , 
  unless you wan na go tor , which is freaking slow , this is the only effective measure you can take to improve your online privacy . 
  science does n't disprove the existence of invisible pink flying ponies either . 
  if i ask about your stance on their existence , would you say you do n't believe in them or would you say `` not sure , maybe they are purple '' ? 
  we could be living in matrix and all is a lie . 
  we deem something to be true when we have enough evident in to support it and false when not , that 's what science is about . 
  im spanish . 
  most brits immigrants in spain ( about a million ) , never learn spanish . 
  you guy are notorious in the world for this . 
  different sources seem to differ . 
  not that it matters . 
  you 're still talking at leas 2 english in spain for every spaniard in the uk and again , never met a spaniard here that was n't learning or already learnt the language . 
  how so ? 
  and , keep in mind , most of the ones i know were poor people that sold their houses in england after they retired because they could n't afford to live there anymore . 
  they live in english dominated towns and only buy in for-english supermarkets owned by uk companies . 
  they 're hardly an incentive to the economy if that 's what you were implying . 
  yup , and to be honest , most people in spain do n't give a fuck , including me . 
  we 're all europeans , they said . 
  1 ) i consider myself catalan . 
  spanish history could n't be more irrelevant to me . 
  2 ) i live in london . 
  3 ) spain is in nato and in the eu . 
  you 're delusional . 
  free education for anyone in estonia . 
  of course they 'll tell you to laugh , that 's every show ever . 
  i 've been to a live recording of it too and the laughter was n't fake at all . 
  google delirium tremens . 
  not the beer , but the condition its named after . 
  alcohol withdrawal is no joke . 
  asking the real questions, 
  i find it fascinating people do n't realise every time they get an update , there were tons of money invested in development and all sorts of testing and how easily everyone starts going full conspiracy mode . 
  it would be planned obsolescence if the phone ** stopped doing what it did when you bought it ** by design after a certain period of time . 
  ** if they said we 'll give you 2 years of updates , why would they give you 3 for free ? 
  ** the 2 year-old support plan was built into the cost of the phone . 
  you can either wait for the community to give you a custom rom for free and be eternally thankful , or put a tinfoil hat on and you 'll be safe from all the planned obsolescence . 
  one thing is to have a build that boots up on a device , a much different one is to have that build certified and tested to google standards . 
  they undoubtedly can , but who 's going to pay for it ? 
  custom roms can be good , but there 's a difference between 90 % of the users do n't experience a bug and 99.9999 % that 90 % of the people are never going to notice . 
  nothing is perfect, 
  because at the end of the day , this is a free society not feudal times . 
  he has the right to not talk to anybody and be left alone about it . 
  he did n't do anything on purpose to piss them off and yet they were assholes to him ? 
  fuck that, 
  my friend 's house wall in tarragona is older than jesus . 
  literally . 
  catalan is pinya too !, 
  they looked you up . 
   and catalan people, 
  ftfy, 
  ah , i 'm curious now . 
  how do you pronounce that ? 
  no , that 's the spanish spelling . 
  catalan spelling is catalunya , though it 's pronounced exactly the same . 
  divinity by porter robinson is good , by the real goosebumps for me are with the odesza remix !, 
  sorry , only english content is allowed here . 
  why the hell would you ban people for that ? 
  if it 's a shitty comment the reddit karma system will take care of it . 
  where are this rules specified ? 
  who gets to decide what 's shit and what is n't ? 
  the opposite is true . 
  phone batteries are mostly lipo , 18650 are mostly liion . 
  the former are much safer as they have much lower peak current ratings, 
  or you could get some proper lipo batteries like the ones used in big rc models and short them at full charge . 
  my phone ( nexus 6p ) charges at 3 amps . 
  go figure the peak discharge rate , but probably well over 20, 
  as an european , i 've got no idea what you 're talking about as it all seems pretty normal stuff ? 
  what do you mean you do n't have passenger trains ? 
  if you count that then the catalan flag can be traced to around the same period too, 
  10 years ? 
  came here 3 years ago as a student , currently paying the equivalent of 3 ( probably brexiters ) pensions in tax every month . 
  the more i read shit like this the more i think i should go home and sustain my own old ... 
  except i 'm from near salou and i 'd be surrounded by old retired brits and drunk young brits . 
  there really is no escape lol, 
  27.9 % is nothing .
