  we know exactly how they all end `` backwards compatibility is sacred '' . 
  i have personally completely given up php itself as a language and so i have no further interest on it besides getting good laughs out of the things that made me give it up and caused me so much frustration before i did . 
  you might wan na checkout the camelise chrome extension then , it gives you that but without leaving the site . 
  having that today made it even more depressing , there was nothing i saw in the whole day below the lowest price ever . 
  he 's spanish . 
  they love bullfighting too , so not that surprising . 
  to begin with , i 'm spanish . 
  how bullfighting is praised and protected in my country disgusts me . 
  also , how does this have anything to do with races altogether ? 
  spain is a country , not a race . 
  your comment is both condescending and ignorant . 
  on top of that , even i were n't spanish , the comment is still exactly as valid . 
  i 'm not part of the spaniards that love bullfighting , that 's why i used `` they '' . 
  regardless , i still fail to see how does this relate to racism . 
  i 'm against the culture , not the country , and ultimately , being spanish has anything do with being of a particular race at all , regardless of me being from spain or north korea . 
  also , i should be able to criticise bullfighting / `` lionfighting '' regardless of my origin . 
  how ? 
  in spain the torture and killing of defenceless bulls in public is considered a national sport . 
  me saying that this makes it not surprising that someone from here would enjoy killing a defenceless lion is a pretty sensible statement . 
  i still ca n't understand why me being from spain is part of the argument here . 
  he said he does n't understand why anyone would see this as a sport . 
  in spain doing the same thing with bulls is a national sport . 
  this is a logical argument , not a prejudice against the spanish people . 
  are we not able to criticise cultures regardless of our origin now or what ? 
  not to be a prick here , but who said i 'm white ? 
  i got that , no worries . 
  it 's just funny how race/origin keeps coming up on a discussion about morals :p, 
  call me a fool , but i would have never expected this sort of shit would happen on reddit . 
  my original comment still has negative karma lol !, 
  that is freaking awesome !!!!!, 
  truth is i 'm building that room from ikea and what you see there is a pic i sent to a friend of the progress i was making . 
  it 's not trash just cardboard on that bag . 
  why leave half of it btw ? 
  this being said , for linkedin i 'd rather just have a white background if that 's not too much to ask :p, 
  i feel terrible after all you 've done ( i 'm still saving all of it for other uses , love them ) , but ... can you mot make it just pure white like this ? 
  think tryndamere playing vs aps and suddenly it 's the most efficient item in the shop . 
  mr , shield and 50 ad when using ulti , 
  that makes sense . 
  i tried it myself for hours and could n't do it , concluded i sucked at it ( which holds true anyway ) . 
  thanks a lot for your time !, 
  they are . 
  this is eu policy , if it was up to the uk itself they 'd for sure adopt the us trend . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm 6 ' 1 '' , was 205 pounds i 'm 175 pounds now . 
  do i really look too thin ? 
  fixed , thanks . 
  i 'm european so all these feel alien to me :p, 
  reddit is prominently american , but sure . 
  i 'm 186cm and 78.5 kg , body shot here i took right now . 
  am i too skinny ? 
  yes i am !, 
  currently getting evaluated for a nose surgery to allow me to breath through my mouth and then visiting the orthodontist to fix my jaw . 
  have to live with it until then , 
  always been a skinny guy and my father and his father are very skinny too . 
  i started gaining weight ( all fat ) during my degree , eventually weighting 96kg at 186cm . 
  i started dieting and doing cardio about half a year ago and i 'm now down to 78kg . 
  admittedly , i need to get serious about weights but i 've had different priorities until now , 
  she 's not latina she 's spanish . 
  several warnings during 4 minutes , then realised 10 seconds before the curve , tried to emergency break but it was too late . 
  companies like facebook will have `` build farms '' . 
  you would n't believe how fast they can compile stuff when they have a datacenter for it . 
  ( in north america ) a person of latin american origin or descent , especially a man or boy . 
  even in spain it means someone who is from a spanish speaking region of south american . 
  the girl here is from spain in europe , 
  latino comes from latin i guess , who cares though ? 
  the girl here is a famous presenter from spanish tv and does n't have a south american accent therefore she 's not latina as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i had that selfie as my main picture . 
  switched to this one as per the suggestion of my best friend who is a female , and have definitely seen an improvement . 
  are you suggesting this was placebo ? 
  thanks for the comments , i 've made several improvements . 
  i have to disagree on the lack of confidence part though . 
  to me , most of my social circle , and any potential relationship candidate being a nerd is a good thing . 
  i 've added a smiley to make this more explicit though . 
  will test with a different selfie then . 
  thanks !, 
  you think it still gives that impression ? 
  also , are the improvements i made any good ? 
  thanks !, 
  take as much moral guidance from the bible as you want . 
  there are good verses in pretty much any book , holy or not . 
  but how do you pick which book ? 
  why pick any book at all as your single source of morals ? 
  why not just read them as normal books and decide on your own what teachings you want to incorporate from each ? 
  that is the atheist view . 
  who decides how much money some population gives to another population ? 
  your argument seems to imply any amount is justifiable . 
  would you get an urbane or wait for the new 360 ? 
  i 'm ready to buy one but undecided !, 
  3000 $ , had some bitcoins on mtgox when they got hacked . 
  not necessarily . 
  there are actually more theories about that !, 
  i 've been using the g watch for the last 2 weeks . 
  pleasently surprised with the battery . 
  i do n't use ambient display , charged on friday morning at work , forgot the dock in my desk , got through the weekend until monday and still had 10 % left when i got back to my desk . 
  does n't that mean we only know op is valid for this particular bacteria ? 
  can it actually be extrapolated to all bacteria ? 
  well , it already is the 0.01 % that has a red colour , is n't it ? 
  i largely agree , except i still thing rails is the easiest way for me to build the backend for these js frameworks when the app is largely data-driven . 
  you 'd expect to find those in so more than in any other place though, 
  sorry for late reply,
