  modulo , the fuzzword you 're looking for is modulo . 
  good advice here . 
  any other form of kill switch would probably be considered a [ logic bomb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/logic_bomb ) and could get you in a lot of trouble, 
  so ... why do n't you make yours join another one ? 
  all for simplicity right ? 
  since there will be a lot of people here pointing out the 47 % vs 53 % of votes , i want to explain why seats are more important than votes here from an independentist point of view :, 
  in a normal election not all parties will explicitly campaign for yes/no , which means that some people will priorize other issues over independence when they vote . 
  as much as juntspelsi ( the ones that won ) had independence as their main and single point , every other party in this election did n't have `` no to independence '' as their single point , some not even as their main point , and others did n't even have a clear position about it . 
  this was no accident , but a carefully planed campaign to delegitimize the election by not making it about independence . 
  now that they 've lost , they go and look at the votes : if spain wanted to count votes , they should have allowed votes to be counted on a yes/no question . 
  on top of that , they go and take parties that never had a clear position that could at most be labeled as `` undecided '' and count them as `` no '' votes . 
  even the `` party for animals rights '' or the `` pirate party '' are being counted as no votes . 
  sorry , but all we can count in a election are seats . 
  hell , the ruling party in spain only had 44 % of the votes yet they have an absolute majority they do n't seem to complain about . 
  and on seats , by law , an absolute majority has a democratic mandate to create an independent state , so how do we proceed ? 
  it 's complicated : how can the parties that just won now withdraw from doing what they said they would do ? 
  tl ; dr : spain forced a non-referendum and it backfired , now they pretend the problem with this election is that it was n't a referendum . 
  he says it 's not enough for a uniletaral declaration , but that independence has still won :, 
  we still do n't even know if that 's really how it happened . 
  bacteria could have come in a comet for all we know . 
  it make sense that it does . 
  what is common sense in wildlife is n't common sense in the artificial habitat we have created for them . 
  it 's now evolved to be cute and stupid , the way humans like them . 
  is it ? 
  i know a lot of people in countries like china that would disagree . 
  spanish bad literal translation . 
  he meant `` and survive the attempt '', 
  it was, 
  the dryer wants to go move back because of the reaction force from the air it 's pumping out ( think rockets ) . 
  the iron cable constraints where it can go so it enters this pattern, 
  they 're artificial leather !, 
  very relevant :, 
  this podcast makes a great job of outlining this problem . 
  what if i have a local variable that happens to have the value of the address of a cello object ? 
  it 's not that unrealistic on low memory applications like an arduino is it ? 
  that 's really interesting . 
  after reading through that go thread , it 's not clear to me how go deals with it though . 
  they say gc in the heap is fully precise as of go 1.1 , but they do n't say how ? 
  [ very relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsscmkcy5we ), 
  not only is his analysis spot on , he called it 10 years ago . 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  it 's a though question and there is no precedent . 
  people telling you all new countries need to apply forget the fact that all catalan citizens already hold an eu passport that ca n't , as per the current laws , be voided . 
  it 's a game theory problem . 
  if the eu wants to prevent secessions they are going to say that as a deterrent whether they would actually do it or not . 
  keeping catalonia out of the eu would n't benefit any side , so it 's hard to try predict what would actually happen . 
  that 's why i said it 's hard to predict and i stand by it : does europe as a whole consider that smaller countries work worse ? 
  if so , is that more important than fucking up the catalans for the sake of teaching the others a lesson ? 
  is it moral ? 
  if not , is then the alliance to spain and france important enough to take the economic hit ? 
  for how long ? 
  if catalonia stays out of the eu , is it actually bad ? 
  could it be the next switzerland ? 
  spain 's position towards this falls within the same category than the rest of europe . 
  is deterring the basque country from eventually pushing for independence enough to them to take the hit of building a border between them and catalonia ? 
  most of their commerce with europe phisically goes through catalonia , to give you an example . 
  you can use hand break if you make that mistake on back wheels though :p, 
  was here this weekend , visited anyway , was fun . 
  with the military on the street i felt safer than ever . 
  what happened in the end ? 
  botulism paralyses you and you die , so no . 
  relevant :, 
  brainfuck, 
  same thing but done with an rc helicopter :, 
  is there a way to trial diamond ? 
  people forget where the word decimation comes from :, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/decimation_ ( roman_army ), 
  some examples :, 
  and full details :, 
  uhm no ... look at the blade speed when it takes off lol, 
  itt people who speak 1 language trying to downplay her 7 languages to feel better about themselves . 
  i 'm a native catalan speaker living in the uk and her pronunciation is better than my english :, 
  `` bluehallu '' . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm doubting because a colleague told me he had the same thing and it eventually did fix itself after a month . 
  should i give it a go or just tell him i do n't want to wait as he advised and to just fix it straight away ? 
  guess i want to be sure i 'm doing the right thing before telling a professional how to do his job : /, 
  so much that one of reddit 's founders died over this . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  it does n't matter that we both get 1 $ if i 'm the one putting down the 2 $ . 
  i 'm putting down some $ , not necessarily those 2 . 
  i 'm all in for ubi , but let 's not pretend the money will come out of nowhere . 
  i know i 'd pay more tax than know because i earn more than the average , i 'm just fine with it . 
  only a part of the tax i pay is for welfare programs . 
  this would replace all other programs but would be a lot more expensive to implement than the cost of all current existing welfare programs . 
  as i 've said in other comments in this thread , i 'm all in for ubi but let 's not pretend it wo n't increase taxes for the people earning more than average . 
  read my comment history before you start making assumptions about me , please . 
  i just pointed out a clear mistake in logic reasoning in someone 's comment . 
  how you 're able to somehow infer ( which you failed at ) my political views based on that is a mystery to me . 
  also , from a fellow left wing liberal to another , you have the complete wrong approach towards appealing the conservatives . 
  both in content and attitude . 
  me too . 
  that does n't mean we have to lie about the implementation costs . 
  chess or go are hard for ai because of the huge amount of possible scenarios that develop once you try to figure out all possible games in certain amount of moves . 
  league of legends is nothing like that . 
  oh trust me , i have no interest in her vagina . 
  she 's my boss , believe it or not . 
  she 's my boss . 
  i only said it was a girl to justify me assuming i could outdrink her haha . 
  i ca n't lose with dignity either , the loser has to dye it 's hair pink !,
