  the software world is struggling to hire . 
  what this means for you is that nobody will care about your degree and that you 'll be able to get a job easily as long as you can actually code . 
  my advice : learn how to code online and apply for jobs . 
  by the time you 'd finish your second degree , you 'll be on your second job with no debt rather than on a junior job with double the debt . 
  id mobile or giffgaff is probably where the deal is, 
  if it 's anything like the one to decode json , you then have to call last_json_error or something to know if the false was an error or a real false value \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  if muhammad married a child because `` that 's what other people were doing at the time '' and not because that 's what allah wanted , would n't allah punish him for it ? 
  the difference is , nothing is holding north korea from actually carrying out it 's threats , while the spanish government is doing everything it can do ( [ and more ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2016/06/22/inenglish/1466605638_226707.html ) ) to prevent catalonia from doing anything . 
  for all of you wondering why we catalans want independence , [ here 's my reply to a similar thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3klmtu/eli5_why_does_catalonia_want_to_be_independent/cuylof7/ ) :, 
   primarily , because i do n't feel spanish . 
  this alone should be enough to draw a border : the current logic is to keep the ones created by wars and imperialism centuries ago . 
  if all current borders were wiped and we were to decide where we draw our administrative borders , would n't this indeed be the only valid criteria ? 
   secondly , it 's matter of dignity . 
  i feel the spanish government has systematically mistreated us for several centuries now . 
  easy example : between 1 to 2 million people demonstrated in barcelona in 2012 . 
  this is 15 % to 25 % of the population in catalonia . 
  scale this to your own country to get an idea of the magnitude : i 'd be like having 30 to 60 million americans in washington . 
  the spanish goverment reaction ? 
  none . 
  they said the important thing were the other millions that did n't go and moved on . 
  it 's insulting . 
  another easy one : we banned bullfighting . 
  the canary islands had had it banned for years and noone cared , but when we did it , they went all crazy about it and are now planning to make it a `` national protected art '' for the only purpose of forcing bullfighting back in catalonia . 
  again , disgusting and insulting . 
  last but not least : the spanish president at the time promised us we could have our own `` estatut '' , a sort of catalan constitution , without any interference from spain . 
  when we then passed it after years of draftings and work , the current ruling party brought it to the constitutional court ( 12 people appointed directly by the two main parties ) and had it reduced to pieces . 
  this was actually the tipping point for most separatists , and the massive attendance to the demonstration that followed was the beginning of the current process . 
   economy wise , it 's just a constant feeling that we are being administered by a government for which we are a very , very low priority and therefore we just ca n't play the real economy game on a world scale which we should be doing given our actual economy level :, 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_regions_by_gdp, 
   for the grim details on why staying in spain is killing our economy :, 
   https://web.archive.org/web/20130904125022/http://www.helpcatalonia.cat/2013/01/you-cant-argue-with-facts.html, 
   a very simple and obvious example is this map , it shows the highways on barcelona and madrid over the last 20 years . 
  even funnier is that while most of the madrid ones are free , most of the ones in barcelona are full of tolls !, 
   http://www.carlosblanco.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/10/comparativa-barcelona-madrid.jpg, 
   i hope this gives some context . 
  i 'm happy to clarify more if you still have questions . 
  i bought liftoff a long time ago and while i love the way the game is designed , i ca n't play it on my macbook pro because of performance . 
  even with lowest settings and the lowest resolution ( which makes the menus unreadable and makes this a pain of its own ) , the game still stutters at times . 
  i thought it was just unrealistic to expect a proper sim to run on a laptop , but then i bought velocidrone which runs smooth as butter with mid settings and slightly lowered resolution . 
  am i doing something wrong or is liftoff just not well optimised ? 
  if not , are there any plans to improve this ? 
  i do agree you should aim to make it look better to appeal the biggest possible audience , but this being said i ca n't see why you would n't allow the settings to be tuned down further if i choose to . 
  i can play cs : go and lol at 60fps with low settings at competitive level with this laptop , yet i ca n't play liftoff :(, 
  edit : after revisiting the sim for the last hour , disabling ambient occlusion , blur and bloom and using a map with less artifacts ( i was using autumn fields ) has made it playable at around 50fps . 
  you should consider adding an `` auto settings '' like velocidrone does , where it automatically and progressively tunes the graphics lower and lower ( or higher if you 're on a powerful machine ) until you get an average of 60fps . 
  surely that 's a better default for everyone ? 
  like i said before , default to whatever you think is best for sure but no point in not giving choices to people . 
  i would personally have loved the option to reset to before crash too when i was starting . 
  having to reset every single crash is excruciating as a beginner !, 
  i think he means you can only see the ghost for previous laps . 
  i 'd love to be able to see the ghost for whatever my best historical lap is at all times too . 
  why do you feel the need to tell people what 's best for them and limit their choices ? 
  i do think having a district of girona proclaim independence would be mad and a disaster for their quality of life , but if after i tell them so they still want to go ahead with it , so be it . 
  it 's their life not mine . 
  yet we have plenty of small functioning countries in the world smaller and much smaller in some cases than catalonia . 
  it sounds like you 're trying to argue that because there must be some limit , any limit is good and people should comply . 
  i do agree there is some line between a person declaring a rock as a country and the us declaring independence from the uk that needs to be established , but surely that line is nowhere near populations the size of catalonia . 
  i just watched the first episode of the first season to try to get my gf to watch the show and at the very end , there 's a shot of brody looking at the capitol exactly like the shot of carrie at the end of this episode . 
  i wonder if that 's on purpose . 
  the problem is that there is a point to stabbing the bull . 
  you see , a bull would injure a matador ( spanish for killer , if you did n't know ) far too often if it was n't because it gets stabbed with the banderillas ( spanish for little flags ) . 
  these are essentially mini harpoons with decoration designed to penetrate and get attached to the shoulder muscles and make it very painful for the bull to raise it 's head , protecting the matador from the horns . 
  not only that , on every step the bull takes they `` poke the hole '' a bit more , making it bleed to no end and thus weakening the bull even further . 
  this is only one of multiple practices designed to weaken the bull ( others include a man with a lance in a horse just stabbing the bulls shoulders even further ) . 
  the whole `` art '' is effectively the torture and assassination of a disabled animal ( often on drugs ) who is desperately trying to escape ( notice the ring is round and the first thing bulls do most times is run around it trying to find an exit ) after being kept in the dark for 24h to make it want to come out the cage in the first place . 
  all of this , with no minimum age and often streamed live during lunch time on national tv . 
  as a spaniard , i can tell you it 's a public disgrace that only exists because people are fucking retarded , period . 
  so few people go to corridas that it 's not even profitable and they only sustain themselves because of enormous public subsidies and tourists who most times exit the event within 20 minutes with horror in their faces . 
  you can get a much more comprehensive rundown here http://www.stopbullfighting.org.uk/facts.htm, 
  it 's vulgar valencian for `` i 'd have sex with you '' , though it might be used in a couple for a cheeky `` let 's have sex '' . 
  it literally means `` if i grab you i 'll wreck you '', 
  the extensions extension does work in chromium for me, 
  it genuinely looks like that , it 's pretty wild , 
  the saying refers to the age of buildings i believe . 
  in the us a 100 year old building is considered old , 200 very old . 
  in europe that 's commonplace and in my home town some houses have 2000 years old walls , 
  not really , no . 
  if you said someone lives in an old house in london you 'd think it 's pre-victorian, 
  these giants have 80 meter blades on a 113 meters tower and produce 8mw each , whereas a conventional turbine has 35m blades on a 64 meter tower and produces 1.5 mw . 
  this 5.33 increase in power is due , almost exclusively , to the exponential increase in surface area :, 
  the surface area of a circle is pi * radius squared . 
  for this 80 meter blades , we get 20.106 square meters . 
  for the 35 meter blades , it 's 3848 square meters . 
  that 's a 5.22 increase in surface area while not even duplicating the height !, 
  i 'm not sure i understand how this would work . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  yeah i get that but given that these two parts were custom made to be used together , i 'm surprised doing so does n't allow for the full feature set to be used : /, 
  where did you get this from ? 
  sounds very tempting, 
  are we talking about the king kongs ? 
  would n't those be too light for this motor ? 
  i 'm running them with old emax mt2204 2300kv on my current quad , i assumed i 'd need to put more load on it, 
  betaflight ditched support for all f1 fcs ( including cc3d ) from version 3.1 . 
  you need to use last 3.0 . x release, 
  ... or a current sensor being on the esc and the fc reading it , which is what i assumed, 
  why do you need the bridging though ? 
  could you not just use one of the esc outputs from the fc ? 
  are you saying the ground is bridged but the positive outputs are n't ? 
  why would they design it like that ? 
  nothing wrong with it per se , but like everything in this hobby , you got ta find what 's best for you and keep in mind something released a few months ago is no longer state of the art .
