  catalans have the feeling that spain is stealing the 8 % of our money , which is worth 20 billion dollars . 
  to put you in context , the so called `` bailout '' that catalonia has had to ask to spain because the government is effectively broke is 6 billion dollars , so people feels much of the actual economic crisis could be handled much better with those 20 billions per year . 
  we 're not against helping poorer regions , but it 's a fact that with someone taking away the 8 % of your gdp , there 's no way for a country to evolve ... 
  haha , seems legit  whatever , mine is in english and aimed towards the international public , his is for the catalans , so not the same , 
  well , to be honest , i 've never thought we needed to look at the basque country to justify what we want . 
  we want it because it 's fair , not because someone else has it and we do n't want to be less than them ... 
  i myself updated the video which went pretty viral , i 'm amazed it has never been on reddit !, 
  there is a specific subreddit for this , 
  the data being sent from na to eu servers goes in a single connection lol, 
  actually seeing your reply makes me thing you 're the one with no ideas left for this discussion o. 0, 
  i 'm a computer hardware engineer . 
  i know what udp is better than you probably do . 
  still , if the data is being sent between to servers , and the second server is supposed to stream the content , they want the second server to receive all the data without lost packets , so probably tcp . 
  now , that 's not even what we were talking about . 
  we were talking about the amount of bandwidth being used for that part of the connection , which , regardless of the protocol , is still just equivalent to 1 connection . 
  yeah , i would not use tcp to connect the end server to the clients . 
  but that 's not what we 're talking about , are we ? 
  if the connection between two servers is resolved in 3 steps , that 's still one connection to the eyes of tcp . 
  jumps between routers are resolved on the ip layer . 
  also , the video stream is n't going through any dns servers . 
  last but not least , i already told you we 're talking in bandwith terms , but for some reason you 're still trying to ridiculize yourself even further ? 
  another view :, 
  x-post from http://www.reddit.com/r/catalanindependence/, 
  who said if you ask top you must get top ? 
  you can make it so that if there 's a 4 guys team lacking a top and you ask top you get placed there , but if there 's not such a comp available you get matched anyway !, 
  i 've been seeing the organizers claim 100.000 assistants on their facebook page . 
  hilarious imo , i 've seen the images on tv and it seems like 5000 at most to me xdd, 
  www.pingtest.net . 
  should give you a valid answer 99.99 % of the times . 
  for those saying it 's not pinging the riot servers , i call bs . 
  there 's 1 chance in 10000 that the problem is on their side . 
  99.99 of the times it 's just your wifi/lan/isp , and that will be revealed there . 
  but that 's a constant . 
  he will always lag to distant servers . 
  he implied that he lags on random days/hours . 
  that 's gon na show up on pingtest.net, 
  the servers almost never lag . 
  not nearly as much as his connection does . 
  i 'm in spain and i 'll gladly do it , you do n't even have to pay for the divise exchange . 
  i 'll be ordering 2 16gb units on release date , 3 if i count you in . 
  shipping from spain to italy should be less than 10 euro btw . 
  so , should i count you in or not ? 
  it 's very suspicious that everyone who has it on this state has the transaction pending on the bank account , and that everyone who bought it on the first seconds have this situation . 
  the play store is prepared to support preordering , and it seems to me like it went from coming soon - preorder-order , those of you who fent so fast might have catched this `` ghost '' preorder mode . 
  i 'm sure google will work it out , though . 
  why noone counts spain ? 
  i 'd seriously apreciate one of this invitations ... 
  that 's an easy one . 
  whatever material that thing is made of , it 's radiating light out of the visible spectrum . 
  it might be ultraviolet or infrared , or both , the thing is that at the end that 's how the camera is perceiving it . 
  as some people said , all the tv remotes use ir so you can test with those and see how your camera perceives it ( probably white ) . 
  uv , however , produces funny results on different cameras . 
  just try to record something under the so called `` black light '' ( which is nothing else than uv light causing fluorescence on some materials ) . 
  i use seekdroid . 
  for what matters to me , it does the same than cerberus except for the root support , it 's cheaper , the interface ( both phone and web ) is much better and it just gets the job done . 
  i have to admit , though , that cerberus allows for a lot of remote controlling functionality , which is useless to me but might me useful if you wan na spy your girlfriend i guess , 
  better battery stats , you can get it for free on xda . 
  let me correct one common missunderstanding : rooting is not for changing roms . 
  you do n't root the phone , you root the rom . 
  some roms come rooted , others do n't ( like the stock one ) . 
  if you 're rooted you have full access to the phone ( it 's like an admin mode ) . 
  some people ordered the 8gb version because they thought they would be able to attach their flash drives whenever they wanted to see movies when traveling , for instance . 
  for me :, 
  - adaway to get rid of ads, 
  - quick boot to reboot faster and conveniently, 
  - root explorer for real file managing, 
  - wifi tether for root users , for advanced tethering, 
  - cerberus , wipe resistant anti theft solution, 
  there 's dedicated app that does what you 're doing with the wifi but better : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sebouh00.smartwifitoggler, 
  too bad the shipping to spain was more expensive than the items themselves . 
  was planning to get 2 full covers but as usual non-usa customers get nothing xd, 
  by disabling hardware overlays you 're introducing lots of lags , just saying . 
  also , what do you mean `` nothing is wrong '' ? 
  it 's a bug , ofc there 's something wrong !, 
  i 've already answered this here , so i 'll copy paste , 
  for me :, 
  - adaway to get rid of ads, 
  - quick boot to reboot faster and conveniently, 
  - root explorer for real file managing, 
  - wifi tether for root users , for advanced tethering, 
  - cerberus , wipe resistant anti theft solution, 
  this . 
  look up on barcelona , i 'm having lots of fun , 
  rma it . 
  with open sky on the street it takes a couple of seconds here , never more than 10 seconds at most . 
  to be honest , this morning i walked for over 3 hours without even noticing . 
  i ca n't recall walking alone like that ever , 
  i mean a virus inside the story context not a real one lol, 
  look for `` pla\u00e7a catalunya '' on the intel map , you 'll get to the place . 
  it would take me years to take it all over , there are hundreds of blue portals  . , 
  i 'm trying to contact enlightened players on my area to go there together and crush it . 
  i do n't think a single player can do it , you would be forced to go away to recharge any way too many times , enemies would remotely recharge them in the meanwhile . 
  what i really am enjoying is the hdr mode . 
  never had i been able to take photos of sunny places with shadow zones , for instance . 
  nope , the fields were there some days ago . 
  suddenly i saw a message on the log about my field having decayed and substractic the mind units from the global count . 
  now , however , i ca n't recreate them !, 
  the nexus 4 is known to report the charge badly , specially when charging at low charge . 
  just look at the total time , 2 hours ~ is fine . 
  that 's exactly what i want : i want to be around 2 weeks in x place , i live in y.
