  changing the screen and back is really no big deal , a few screws here and there . 
  if it makes you feel better , today 1.5 million people made a record guiness human chain in catalonia and it did n't even make it to the frontpage . 
  let me ask you one single question . 
  if tomorrow your country ( whatever that is ) was absorbed by some neighbour country ( pick the one you prefer ) , would you be okay with that country now ruling your ex-country as one of it 's region ? 
  would you still prefer to stay in it if they were taking away 8 % of your gdp ? 
  sometimes you just have to try think as the other side to understand it . 
  poor date choice ? 
  it 's the catalan national day since 300 years ago lol, 
  because ... what picture do you use in it ? 
  how do you get thousands of people in the same picture when they are all lined up ? 
  i 'm just saying there 's no way to get an impressive photo of it . 
  i was searching for a good picture too and did n't find one . 
  you will find some helicopter videos but until the organisers post the website with the 400km picture they promised ( made of individual pictures every few meters , made by thousands of volunteers ) , there 's no good illustration of it . 
  easily the best pics i 've seen so far , great finds thanks !, 
  the baltic road was the inspiration , yeah . 
  but we beat you in the amount of people by a little bit , 
  the other answer is wrong . 
  we ask for a referendum because the spanish government is the only with the legal power to organise it and they have explicitly forbidden us to organise one for ourselves . 
  i know it sounds impossible that a democratic country actually forbids people to vote , but that 's just one of the reasons we are crying for international attention . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  if norway became a province of sweden tomorrow , would you be stating the same opinion ? 
  i never talked about invasions or anything like that . 
  we do n't care about how it happened , we care about how it is now and how we feel about it . 
  i repeat the question . 
  if tomorrow norway became a province of sweden ( forget about the details ) , what would be your opinion ? 
  what i 'm trying to make you understand is that we just `` feel '' we are another country . 
  we do n't feel spanish and that 's why we do n't want to be part of spain just as you would n't want to be part of sweden . 
  not because you hate them , but because you feel norwish !, 
  okay , then that 's because you feel stockholm as similar to oslo , which means it was a bad example . 
  say , tomorrow norway became a province of spain . 
  8 % of it 's taxes go to madrid and never return , and they start messing with the decisions of norway parliament . 
  you really would n't care at all ? 
  they are playing together with knife party on london !, 
  honestly , forget about the specs . 
  they are both high end devices that will be able to to everything you need them to without lagging for a long time . 
  that 's all you should care about . 
  the real thing is the user 's experience : are you tired of ios and want to give android a go ? 
  the nexus 5 is the phone for you . 
  do you feel like experimenting a bit with your phone but your iphone feels like too limited when it comes to personalisation ? 
  get the nexus 5 . 
  do you really not care about anything as long as it does what you need to do , and most importantly , you 're in the apple ecosystem ( icloud , you use mac , itunes etc ) ? 
  if these 2 questions have a yes for an answer , then no , keep the iphone . 
  considering the actual one relies on the glass back of the nexus 4 to grip it , yeah , i would expect a new one . 
  my nexus 4 screen broke last weekend and i decided i would rather wait for the nexus 5 release than paying 100 $ + for a new screen . 
  every day until the release i do n't have a phone . 
  4 days in , it 's starting to be hell . 
  i really hope this rumour is true ... 
  i do n't really care about being able to call or use sms , i do n't use those at all . 
  i just moved to a different city so not having google maps is what 's killing me . 
  not to mention i was googling everything i did n't know ( they do n't speak my native language here ) . 
  i need a smartphone :'(, 
  go blindly for it . 
  if you do n't like it :, 
  they even pay for the shipping back !, 
  spoil : noone ever returns a nexus , 
  us only launch ? 
  sounds like a lot of bs to me . 
  `` the advanced new lens on nexus 5 captures more light for brighter night and sharper action shots . 
  and with optical image stabilization , you no longer have to worry about shaky hands and blurry pictures . 
  a new hdr + mode automatically snaps a rapid burst of photos and combines them to give you the best possible single shot . '', 
  from the official nexus 5 page . 
  no idea . 
  as an european , that sounds horrifying . 
  and people use that ? 
  lol, 
  it said 1 working day before tracking info is up . 
  i got my mail on friday , no shipping info , so it 's normal right ? 
  i use swiftkey too and use letter by letter . 
  i 've never bothered trying to get swype or similars because i write in three different languages and so predictors go nuts . 
  swiftkey is the only one that provides a `` usable '' experience for me , mainly because you can get to use it as `` for suggestions only '' . 
  of course if you only type in english , try swype . 
  that 's not even a good example . 
  it seems the htc one really kicks ass in loud settings . 
  check this one out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cxelvu-5b0, 
  i was there in the first row too and i can assure you i 've almost never been anywhere that loud . 
  unbelievable that the htc one still manages to get it all perfectly !, 
  i 'm not sure you know that death penalty is a us-only thing when it comes to the 1st world . 
  anyway , my point was that i found it quite surprising that he thought we execute people in europe . 
  your point is valid from a technical point of view , litecoin does n't offer a noticeable improvement technically speaking . 
  but considering it has no downsides , all people will know if they both become popular is that with one you have to wait x time and with the other one 4x . 
  so why wait 4x ? 
  i think you 're the one missing the `` grand scheme of things '' . 
  bitcoin value totally depends on the public perception and it 's acceptance . 
  if there 's another version that is easier to use , it is to be expected that sooner or later it will end up replacing the harder to use one . 
  i thought it was the short version of significant other ? 
  you know , as to avoid having to mention if it 's a boy or girl . 
  wohooo my first altcoin tip !, 
  thanks !, 
  your machine does n't consume the same power when at full load than when idle . 
  the difference is very significant . 
  a gpu in idle modle will barely consume any power . 
  when mining , 200w per gpu is normal . 
  it does . 
  that does n't change the fact that everything i said is true . 
  if you have free power it 's a no brainer of course . 
  i mean , it does n't matter if the difficulty increases a 1000 % , you will still gain something as your operating costs are 0 . 
  indeed !, 
  what is a good reason to keep a country together ? 
  current country borders are the result of centuries of wars . 
  is n't it about time we let people decide who they want to be a country with ?
