  sorry if i did n't make it clear , the parallels are not so much in the background of the situation but rather in the arguments being used and the reactions of the public . 
  the fact that the situation is not actually comparable is precisely why i 'm in favour of one but against the other . 
  no , because that 's the argument i 'm hearing on reddit . 
  people telling brexiters that the ftse250 is proof that this was a disaster . 
  no , i 'm not saying the majority are . 
  but unless you think there 's not a single intelligent person in their side , you should n't generalise like that and most importantly , you should n't make assumptions about individuals you meet . 
  alright, 
  just answered that , 
  well for one , that 's because the post starts with `` i 'm going to try put you in their head '' , but maybe i should edit it to say `` any intelligent brexiter '' . 
  your statement that leavers are this or that is exactly what i 'm trying to discourage here though : /, 
  i 'd be lying if i told you i 'm one of the people who 's not going to be ok due to the field i work in ( it ) , and so the last thing i want is to give you lessons on how mad you should be . 
  this being said , again , the problem is to reduce 17 million people to nigels farages . 
  they might be the ones talking , but they are not the ones who voted . 
  i 'm not sure i want to start an independence debate in here as the reason i brought that point up was the fact that leave campaign used the same argument about eu regulations and brussels laws being imposed on the uk , not to actually argue for catalonia 's case , but since you ask ... 
  this is just one of the arguments that adds fuel to the fire . 
  the key is how much fuel you 're throwing , and how much other flammable stuff is around the fire . 
  if scotland had much less devolved power , snp and labour/tories were much further apart on the political spectrum , and the tories actively used disrespecting scotland as a means to win votes in england , you 'd have a much bigger problem . 
  scotland , to begin with , is recognised as a sovereign country by the uk . 
  catalonia , in spain , is legally no different than any of the artificially created `` autonomous communities '' . 
  an administrative border , and that 's it . 
  imagine scotland was legally and by all intents and purposes the same as kent !, 
  my mistake . 
  they are recognised as a country and were given the possibility to become sovereign shall the scots vote so . 
  this is pretty much , all that catalonia is asking for . 
  all i can answer to that is , there have been 200 independent countries created in the last century ( ironically , a bunch of them from spain and the uk ) , and none of them has asked to return . 
  i do n't think any of them feel superior to the uk/spain and never did , yet it would be ludicrous to suggest that the us should have remained part of the uk because it would have been better off . 
  in my opinion , to argue that what determines whether a region should be able to proclaim itself independent or not based on what happened 300 years ago rather than the democratic will of its people is nonsense . 
  same goes for whether independence would be regretted or not . 
  if texans voted to do so , who are we to tell them not to ? 
  this is the argument that i struggle most to understand , that the status quo is known to be the best . 
  i 'm sure you 've seen something like this before :, 
  what makes you think it 's best for everybody to stay the same ? 
  do you really think in 100 years from now it 'll all be the same and that if it is n't , everyone is going to be regretting it ? 
  history says otherwise . 
  fair enough, 
  i would happily . 
  they can be a spanish enclave if they want to . 
  never met anyone that did n't agree . 
  unlike others , we 're not trying to build an empire . 
  no , i think he means the uk was completely sovereign to begin with , when catalonia is n't . 
  it 's one of these things i do n't want to call bullshit on but i have to . 
  it 's a common story in spain that if you go to catalonia and speak in spanish you 'll be looked bad at , yet i 've never seen it happen having lived there 22 years , never met anybody who has seen it nor anybody that knew anybody that had seen it . 
  it 's always the cousin of a friend of my stepmother , if you know what i mean . 
  i 'm not sure we 're arguing the same thing . 
  i do n't want texas to secede . 
  i 'm saying if texas voted to leave , i do n't see how the us could morally retain them forever . 
  the only situation i can imagine triggering bad attitudes would be if you `` demanded '' they not use catalan for political reasons . 
  if their friends from madrid had the wrong attitude ( and seeing his , i suspect they do ) , then by all means i would be the first to tell them to fuck off and get out of my restaurant . 
  so what you are saying is , what some dudes decided to agree on 300 years ago is more valid than the democratic will of the current habitants ? 
  the constitution is a law , not a holy book . 
  do you honestly think the us will be there in its current shape in a 1000 years ? 
  the argument that this should remain this way forever because it was agreed this way is ludicrous . 
  while i agree , you could condense any good moral code into that point could n't you , 
  that 's why i believe such a vote ca n't be done with a 50 % majority , but that 's another discussion . 
  you say each generation has benefited from it as if you had a magic ball that told you how it would have gone in any other scenario . 
  how can you be sure texas is actually better off in the us ? 
  long story short , we fundamentally see countries in different ways . 
  to me , a country is nothing more than the sum of its people trying to make the best of their time on earth . 
  i 'm a citizen of the world above all . 
  if you believe the us is something bigger that ought to be preserved above the interest of the people actually living on it if necessary , well , that 's nationalism . 
  fundamentally , to me that sounds as ridiculous as the people in game of thrones trying to preserve their house lineage as if that had any meaning . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree , 
  dan carlin made the same analysis of it on his latest podcast . 
  i 'm sorry but i wholeheartedly disagree with just about everything you just wrote . 
  war and conflicts is how we ended up with situations like catalonia being in spain , precisely , not the other way around . 
  most of the reshaping in the last century has actually been countries giving up territories they had invaded . 
  about the reasons for independence , to suggest that because we are in a free trade block that guarantees there is never any economic issue is ludicrous . 
  in catalonia 's case , the main argument is spain takes an unknown amount of money estimated to be 8 % of our gdp each year to subsidise other regions . 
  it 's not the principle of helping poorer regions but the fact that the number is higher than any other region gives in europe and that this poorer regions end up having benefits catalonia does n't ( free textbooks in andalucia is a popular example ) , and the fact that this is all done in a obscure way without even consulting us about it . 
  also , `` devolving powers '' is not black or white . 
  scotland has a lot more power devolved to it than we do , beginning with the power to proclaim yourself independent if you want to . 
  your last paragraph is just you making statements with no basis that i do n't even know how to begin to reply to , so i wo n't . 
  the flaw in your argument is that you assume you can tell people what 's best for them . 
  instead , i believe the preservation of the us is in the long-term best interests of those living in it . 
  what if we have a referendum and just about everyone in the country thinks otherwise except you ? 
  this is why the integrity of the country should be based on the population willing to preserve it , not in some 300 year old paper . 
  something like trump being elected is a perfect example of something some states might see as a legitimate reason to seek their own path aside from the us , much like pp is a major driving force for people in catalonia wanting independence just to not having to deal with them . 
   i 'm hoping enough of them can see for themselves, 
  i meant you `` can tell them '' rhetorically . 
  you 're assuming there is one invariable truth about what 's best for them and that 's the us constitution . 
  i ca n't see how you 're making this judgement . 
  what independence that happened in the 20th century has been regretted by either side ? 
  sure , but the thing is it 's not you who should make that assessment but them , that 's my whole point !, 
  the towns i was mentioning are precisely the ones left to barcelona and reason barcelona as a region is against independence . 
  and about what politicians have or not have said ... who cares ? 
  i have my own opinions , that 's what we 're discussing here is n't it ? 
  i 'm going to pretend you did n't try to compare the ussr collapse to a democratic independence scenario because you did n't actually answer my question . 
  does any of those regret it ? 
  what about the fact that the uk is a monarchy with a house of lords with indirect election of it 's president ? 
   you 'll have to ask all the people who lost loved ones in those conflicts . 
  this is pure demagogy now is n't it ? 
  nobody has asked for violence . 
  we , a nation of not even 10 million people , have had the some of the most massive demonstrations in the history of europe 3 years in a row and not a single person was injured , you ca n't really throw this argument at us . 
  it 's borderline offensive . 
  so , in a scenario where 100 % of the texan population does n't want to be in the us , your preferred approach is to tell them to emigrate ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  where do you draw the line then ? 
  i 'm not asking you what 's legal . 
  i 'm asking you what would you do if you had ultimate power and the hypothetical scenario i described above became real . 
  that 's the fundamental problem i have with this , as i 've said before to me it 's the complete opposite .
