  those escs do n't have telemetry and you ca n't measure the speed when flying , so i 'm not sure where the article is getting that number from if it 's not the same thing i 'm talking about . 
  pd : even without a prop , the friction of the bearings and the weight of the bell would prevent it from reaching the limit , 
  i recently build a [ leopard ] ( http://rotorbuilds.com/build/4758 ) and have been using it as my main quad for a while now . 
  a couple comments :, 
  * using a curve rather than a straight line for the top shape would easily allow for a whole extra level on the stack to fit comfortably without compromising the shape too much . 
  given how popular 4-in-1 are becoming , you 're really looking at a 4-level stack for vtx fc receiver and escs . 
  * the round shape at the front could be again a bit more like an egg to provide extra lens protection . 
  i would never consider a frame again that does n't provide full casing for my eagle . 
  otherwise , good work !, 
  brotherhobby . 
  the motor they 're assembling most of the time is the returner r4, 
  i disagree . 
  i 'll vote any day for meat to be heavily taxed like alcohol and tobacco and all the tax be used for environmental causes . 
  that 's an actual solution . 
  asking me to give up something i like while watching everyone else do it goes nowhere . 
  it would n't , just like taxing tobacco drastically decreased it 's consumption in most first world countries . 
  if the state does n't get involved this problem is not going to go away, 
  what 's weird about that ? 
  football draws a lot more money and it 's just guys kicking a ball . 
  i 'd expect in the future digital competition will overthrow sports when it comes to entertainment and by proxy , money, 
  because you studied engineering ? 
  only english content is allowed, 
  you 're being a dick to the guy , he clearly has no bad intentions ... 
  if they told me because they think i 'm stupid i would , if they told me because they genuinely think the test is rigged and it ca n't be passed i would n't, 
  lyrics :, 
   now is the time , reapers . 
   now is the time to stand alert . 
   for when another june comes ,, 
   let us sharpen our tools well . 
   strike with your sickle !, 
   strike with your sickle , defenders of the land !, 
   strike with your sickle !, 
   may the enemy tremble ,, 
   upon seeing our symbol . 
   just as we cut golden ears of wheat ,, 
   when the time calls we cut off chains . 
   strike with your sickle !, 
   strike with your sickle , defenders of the land !, 
   strike with your sickle !, 
  haha harrasing . 
  look at your comment history `` matey '' , trying to troll catalans and giving lame sex advice for weeks and weeks , i 've never seen an account with so many downvotes ... 
  feels like it 's inflated to make you want to switch jobs through their job ads page ? 
  80 % of catalans want the referendum to happen , and the constitution needs to change for that, 
  yes, 
  70 to 80 % of the total population supports the referendum . 
  i put my real data : full stack ruby / java / javascript in london , currently senior in my current company , it told me 50 % make more than 69k . 
  i severely doubt that . 
  i might have misslead people with the previous comment . 
  70-80 % of people voted for parties that support the idea that catalonia should be able to vote . 
  the source for that is the last election results . 
  now strictly speaking , that does not necessarily mean that they support a non-negotiated referendum , for instance psc wants a `` legal '' referendum , that is changing the constitution . 
  my original point remains that 80 % of the catalan population desire to to vote on this matter . 
  i fully know 4 years does n't make me senior , but it 's the title i 've been promoted to and i 'm not going to be complaining about it . 
  i filled the calculator with the truthful data : 4 years of experience , currently holding senior title . 
  now as per the us comparison , it does n't work like that . 
  salaries in europe are nowhere near their us counterparts :, 
  a million went on the streets this year ... for the 5th year in a row . 
  other years it was closer to 2 million . 
  `` i 'm a guy , i 've never experienced misogyny . 
  if you 're spanish and you have never seen anticatalanism you 're a blind human , 
  could it be that somehow having asthma decreases your risk rather than salbutamol itself ? 
  snp is the scotish national party . 
  they 're members of the uk parliament, 
  there is scottish parliament , but as a member of the uk they also participate in the uk parliament . 
  they are different chambers . 
  you 'd expect the party that pushed the referendum of independence for scotland would be outraged at the way spain is behaving more than anyone else , 
  100 % i 'd have believed this was odesza if i heard on the radio . 
  i loved it and ca n't wait for you to release more of it !, 
  op https://www.reddit.com/r/odesza/comments/71fdjl/was_told_my_music_sounded_like_odeszas_can_anyone/, 
  i do n't think you should obsess over it . 
  odesza pretty much created a new electronic genre for me , it does n't mean they have to be the only artist on it , 
  i 'm 21 years old , i 'm 6 ' 2 '' tall and i weight 214 pounds . 
  i 've started swimming recently on the local pool after a long time of 0 sports with the solo purpose of getting somewhat fit again . 
  i understand that free style is the best stroke for this purpose . 
  i can recall being able to swim it properly some years ago , but somehow , while i can still swim the breaststroke for one hour without problems , i have major issues with doing more than 2-3 pools on front crawl . 
  i think these are the things i 'm doing wrong ( and i do n't know how to solve ) :, 
  1 . - breathing . 
  i 've seen on videos that instructors say i should breath every 3 strokes by `` keeping my cheek on the water and the ear on the shoulder while the arm is fully extended '' . 
  first , i ca n't seem to keep swimming so long breathing only every 3 strokes . 
  at some point i feel like i lack air and have to stop to breath deeply . 
  second , the way i move my arms , there is no point where i keep my arm fully extended . 
  the moment my arm reaches the longest position is the moment the other one is getting out of the water and the moment i 'm moving the first one inside . 
  and is where i breath , while my arm is moving down and starting to pull water . 
  it 's really not comfortable to do so ( maybe it 's just me ) , and if i try to stop my arm there and wait for me to end the breathing to move it down i just `` sink '' . 
  2 . - legs . 
  i see instructs saying that legs should be full extended the whole time and the knees never bending . 
  it is impossible for me to do so . 
  i seem to obtain most of the legs propelling from the knees-feet part by exactly bending my knees . 
  i do n't have by any means enough force on the upper part of the legs to move the whole leg up and down inside water , i can make it 3-4 times ( with big effort ) , but there 's no way i can make a whole pool that way !, 
  thanks in advance . 
  edit : as for the breathing problem , what actually happens is : if i have to keep one arm extended , and the other is recovering , none of the arms are pulling water , which makes my head `` sink '' , forcing me to bend the neck to put my mouth out of the water . 
  this is the aquarium :, 
  i 'm a student with little budget who always wanted an aquarium but never bought one because of their price . 
  now that i 'll be given this one next week . 
  do n't know its capacity or size . 
  do n't know which fish to buy . 
  which equipment to get . 
  nothing at all . 
  my budget is very limited , i plan to put it on my student 's flat bedroom , where i stay from monday to friday all year , ocasionally leaving for 1 week . 
  with exams and all i might not be able to put it as many attention as some of you , so i need some `` easy '' fishes .
