  a bet is involved . 
  my options are : come up with a way to win or dye my hair pink for a day . 
  i 'm trying to be pragmatic here :d, 
  sagrada familia in barcelona :, 
  that 's true of most antidepressants though, 
  i do n't care either but i totally see how people would n't . 
  wrong wrong and wrong . 
  all this extra functionality you just described added together makes it an hour project instead of a 5 min project , but no more than that . 
  on the other side , this if far from a `` fantastic deal '' for ibm . 
  they do n't give a flying fuck about 47k and even if they did , most of the money would be spent paying people to fill forms and the likes to comply with all the regulations . 
  this is actually a cheap project by industry standards . 
  welcome to the wonderful world of government contracts . 
  juan ? 
  i ca n't help but remember how we all laughed at iphone users when it was rumoured their new iphone would drop the jack plug in favour of lightning headphones so that they could power the noise cancelling . 
  a marginal amount ? 
  buying the latest gen bose ones has been the best buy i 've ever done . 
  i use them to commute and to work so about 10h a day and they kill it in every situation : while on the street going to train station they work wonders against car engine noises , while on the train , they just eliminate the train sound altogether , in the office the aircon and computer fans are also completely removed . 
  i 've used good over ear headphones before and it 's night and day . 
  i mean yes you put them on and just like every other over-ear that provides some isolation , but flipping the switch is like teletransporting yourself outside the city . 
  i 've shown them to everybody i know and their reaction when i turn the noise cancelling on is priceless every single time . 
  i think the problem ( from reading your other replies ) is that you 're testing them on benchmarks : how much of the spectrum can they cancel ? 
  at which dbs ? 
  they might not look impressive there , but believe me in everyday life they cancel 90 % of the noise in 90 % of your daily situations . 
  he was riding a bicycle as the passenger because he called his lab assistant to take him home thinking he was getting sick from the lsd he had just taken as an experiment but because of the war there was a ban on cars . 
  must have been an interesting surprise when he started tripping balls having no clue why . 
  there 's even a story of him thinking his neighbour was a witch when he arrived home !, 
  edit as i 'm seeing complaints that the trip was n't unexpected since it was his second time : first time he reported the very very mild effects dying out after just 2 hours , which suggests he absorbed a very very mild dose . 
  he was n't even sure it had been the lsd or not causing it . 
  the second time he took more than most people take nowadays and tripped for real . 
  imagine trying a beer once , then next day drinking 20 vodka shots . 
  first time he reported the very very mild effects dying out after just 2 hours , which suggests he absorbed a very very mild dose . 
  he was n't even sure it had been the lsd or not causing it . 
  the second time he took more than most people take nowadays and tripped for real . 
  imagine trying a beer once , then next day drinking 20 vodka shots . 
  first time he did n't get a real trip for the dose was minimal , second time he took a quite strong hit . 
  well he went from an estimated 20ug to 250 , make the parallel you prefer , 
  does that goat have tourette 's syndrome ? 
  because every person who smokes is putting himself at a bigger risk and we do n't mock them as a society the way they do . 
  i totally get it . 
  and most open source is linux compatible !, 
  talks the fatherfucker, 
  just like it 's restricting your right to do what you please with yourself by not letting you sell yourself . 
  you can sell your chair and you indeed can sell your software . 
  you ca n't put your chair in the public domain though just as you ca n't put software on the public domain . 
  somebody has to own the chair , same for software . 
  the us makes a weird distinction there that europe does n't . 
  next week, 
  1 ) i do n't feel spanish . 
  i 've traveled quite a bit across europe and feel more at home in france than in madrid . 
  2 ) i hate pp and psoe . 
  they are both minority parties in catalonia yet belonging to spain makes it so that they end up governing us . 
  you can say what you want about cdc and erc , but they are a lot more liberal/progressive than anything i 've seen in spain . 
  look at a map of general elections , every time it 's all spain one color , catalonia another . 
  3 ) economy . 
  i do n't mind us contributing to poorer regions in the world , but i think the eu would provide a much fairer framework for that to happen than a system that takes all of our taxes and returns whatever they feel like without even publishing the numbers . 
  we 're essentially blindly donating an unknown and unlimited percentage of our gdp , and we have 0 say or control on it . 
  i 'm happy to expand and discuss , but you asked for `` main points '' so i thought you 'd appreciate a very condensed version , 
  yeah , same was said about scotland , and today the eu was saying they 'd welcome them with open arms after the uk has voted to leave . 
  it 's 100 % unknown what would happen because there is nothing written about it , all you hear are eu officials making statements out of their ass because of spanish pressures . 
  if it came to it , it would be on nobody 's interest ( economically ) to actually kick us out , though they might want to try to use us as an example to deter other regions from seeking independence . 
  if that happened , i would n't want to rejoin the eu anyway as it would conflict with my idea of what europe is supposed to be . 
  in which case what we 're saying is that the eu is deliberately keeping these people hostages . 
  i want no part in that . 
  in fact , if they do this to anybody i 'll demand we exit the eu regardless of our independence . 
  the average and the median are the same for normal distributions, 
  well first , i 'm talking about southern france , not brittany or normandy . 
  second , it 's not as much that i feel very at home in france but that i feel alienated in madrid . 
  even just crossing the border to caspe was a cultural shock . 
  of course , being in valencia you 're used to the catalan/spanish mix a lot more than i am so i can see why you would be surprised  do n't underestimate the effect the collective political views have on the impression you get of a place : as i mentioned in point 2 , i feel the political culture is wildly different in catalonia to the point that hearing people talk about politics in catalonia/spain feels like i 'm in different countries altogether . 
  to put it bluntly : `` espanya est\u00e0 plena de caspa '' . 
  i 'll give you a recent example : what just happened with the leaks about fernandez diaz conspiring against catalan pro-independence politicians . 
  everyone in catalonia is outraged , while in spain it 's barely being talked about . 
  as unthinkable as it is to me , in spain it 's not seen as a big deal . 
  business as usual !, 
  pd : you think spanish is closest to catalan because they are both your native languages , [ but it is n't ] ( http://spanish.stackexchange.com/a/3841/12753 ) . 
  the reason you understand spanish is because you learnt it , not because catalan readily allows you to understand it anymore than italian/french , or even portuguese . 
  of course ca n't generalize to everybody and i 'm fully aware there 's plenty of like-minded people across the whole world and spain is no exception , but what i 'm trying to get to , is that the `` caspa density '' is a lot higher in spain than it is in catalonia , from what i 've experienced . 
  when i say it 's different , of course i do n't mean the place is physically different . 
  there are thousands in roads in the world you would n't be able to tell a part . 
  i feel the reason you feel you 're in a different country when you 're in france but not in catalonia is purely because you understand catalan but not french , 
  sure , and we all respect that . 
  what i 'm saying is , if the reason you give us to not accept us is that you need to make sure the other guys inside are kept scared , i wo n't be knocking that door again . 
  am i missing something or you replied to the wrong comment ? 
  i 'm not blaming anybody . 
  i 'm saying i would n't want to belong to a club that operates in such that way . 
  no it 's not , that 's investor 's fallacy # 1 . 
  google paper losses . 
  i 'm catalan . 
  believe me , spain will do anything to prevent us from voting independence . 
  last week it was uncovered that the current interior minister was fabricating cases against pro-independence politicians and not only nobody resigned , they actually went up in the elections 4 days afterwards . 
  elections were last friday , and i already told you what happened , 
  do you have any sources to back up any of this ? 
  i do n't think the uk 's population has increased at a much bigger rate than most countries in the eu , nor that quality of life has decreased whatsoever, 
  catalan *, 
  catalan *, 
  oh trust me , there would be no debate around that . 
  anything that could help catalonia get a vote is going to get refused without question . 
  it 's not pointless . 
  he is seriously retarded like that . 
  because the ftse100 is n't red anymore .
