  get me the cheapest go and return combo i do n't care when . 
  this . 
  i ca n't believe he says he feels safe travelling with everyone having guns . 
  i mean , all i would think about if i found people at night there would be `` run , they might shoot you '' lol, 
  i do n't care if they have interest or not , they have the ability to do so if they want . 
  out of all the people i might encounter , i 'm sure there are plenty of mentally ill people that might do it . 
  with 11.000 murders by guns every year vs less than 100 on spain where i live , i 'm far from feeling safe there , sorry . 
  you can keep downvoting me as much as you like , still every other country has banned them except yours and you 'll ban them some day too . 
  oh , russia is worse , i feel safe now . 
  i 'm sure in russia they say south africa is worse , what kind of argument is that . 
  guns are not necessary for people to be violent , but when someone gets violent things get much worse if he has a gun . 
  the whole point was that the guy said he thinks america is amongs the safest countries , which is not :, 
  see , i 'm on the white zone , now that 's a safe country . 
  just remember , only one is needed for me to die . 
  the fact that any socipath that could hate me has free access to firearms would make me sick . 
  i 'm not saying i could not stand it , but that your definition of safe country is obviously biased by the fact that you have n't been on a really safe country . 
  look the graph i attached some replies above . 
  oh come on , they make you pass psychological tests , you have to pay and mantain a license and you still ca n't take it outside your house . 
  the idea that any crazy guy can buy a fire arm no questions asked freaks me out . 
  look the murder rates in your country vs mine !, 
  i think you meant 75.25 $ not 76 $ , 
  all used, 
  i think you missunderstood me . 
  i plan to visit the usa at some point , it 's not that i think i 'll get killed at all . 
  i just find it funny that he mentioned safety as one of the `` best things '' about the usa , when hell , i see it as a way more dangerous place than everything around me !, 
  if you shake the phone you can hear the camera moving a bit inside . 
  nothing to care about , honestly . 
  aaaaand it 's gone !, 
  it 's pretty simple : our nexus 4 have a 2100mah battery . 
  the expected charging time in hours from 0 % can easily be calcuated as 2100/cc , where cc is the charging current ( 500ma for a pc usb port , 1200ma for the stock charger ) . 
  as you can see , 7 hours does n't make sense at all . 
  if it continues like that , i would rma it . 
  pd : those are the optimal values , if the phone gets hot during the charging it will cut the cc down for a little while , but that should n't make your charging time go to 7 hours in any case . 
  only thing i can think of is the your power going down ( or something along those lines ) in the middle of the process , and even then , i think nothing would happen . 
  maybe if the power went down in the exact milisecond that some critical operation is running , but i 'd say you better worry about your phone not falling to the floor and breaking than anything like this , 
  the same way you flashed a custom rom , flash the stock rom ( you can find the image everywhere in xda ) , then lock the bootloader with the toolkit . 
  it 's really straightforward . 
  from all you wrote , there 's something i 'm truly curious about . 
  you said all you want is someone to love you . 
  you know that 's something a lot of people pursuit , and something that takes a lot of years to find . 
  i get it that you 're still on your 20s or 30s , so it 's not rare at all that you have n't found this person yet , is it ? 
  you want this so much , but yet , you 're gon na kill yourself ? 
  you seem to be an intelligent and informed person , i supose you already know all the `` depression is an illness '' stuff , please do n't let her win . 
  last but not least , if you have told your friends that you want to suicide , and they do n't care , they are not your friends . 
  as always with depressed people , i get this feeling that you 're closing yourself into a small bubble where solutions and happiness ca n't exist . 
  the world is big , go meet new people , move out of your current bubble/place/city / whatever !, 
  both the enlightened and the resistance use groupme in barcelona . 
  i introduced it as an alternative to whatsapp , seems like everyone liked it and even the other team moved to it , 
  1 . - probably, 
  2 . - probably not . 
  the nexus was launched barely 4 months ago and all the nexus have had a 1 year lifecycle . 
  i would n't expect anything until after summer . 
  if you still have secomd thoughts abou it , trust me : the second you open the box and see it they are gone , 
  you should consider yourself lucky and thank them . 
  let me explain :, 
  dominating your town can be fun for some time , but you 're not making any ap , and you 'll get stuck at low level with a lot of low level items . 
  thanks to people like them , you 're able to recapture and and create all the fields and links again , or you can even hack the portals for easy ap . 
  if you think your problem are items and not ap , you just have n't played enough . 
  source : i 'm a level 8 player . 
  plus , as i said , that 's the best way to level up !, 
  english being my third language i use to make mistakes , 
  or i just learnt former does n't mean what i thought it did , 
  thanks :p, 
  1 . - you do n't . 
  actually , when you get used to it , it 's not a problem . 
  i 'm spanish and i 'm anti bullfights , however , you 're lucky , i laughed . 
  we got a winner , 
  i 'm amazed at how long this myth will perpetuate . 
  ever since windows xp ( or 7 , do n't quote me on that ) , windows already puts your flashdrive in `` ready to eject mode '' when it 's not using it . 
  thanks for the input . 
  actually , i never thought my nose was a problem , i thought my mouth was . 
  i see a perfectly normal guy . 
  you need to smile to cameras instead of being afraid of them though :p, 
  first time i flew was to skydive . 
  during the years until i took a commercial flight i was hoping to use this one :, 
  have you ever flown ? 
  `` i 've taken off but i 've never landed '', 
  ye , and it 's not cancer !, 
  i 've had a close familiar with pylocitic astrocitome , it is a benign tumor = not cancer . 
  i 'm seriously surprised that you 've been told you had cancer . 
  i repeat that i 've had a very close familiar with this aswell very recently and i 've read about it for days and nights on the hospital , it 's not cancer . 
  i made sure to ask the doctors and they were very clear about it . 
  a benign tumor is , by definition , a non cancerous tumor . 
  cancer means , by definition , malignant cells . 
  go search for the word cancer here :, 
  it 's nowhere !, 
  go on and search the web for any place that says that a pilocytic astrocytoma ( some places say juvenile astrocytoma ) is cancer , if you find something , please let me know . 
  hi , i know exactly how you feel . 
  if this is a one time thing , ignore it . 
  if it repeats , i 'll just leave you with a quote i 've found to be of great utility on my past relations : it 's better to be single than to feel alone in a relationship . 
  i 've been playing it for well over a year now . 
  my advise : no more than 2-3 hours a day . 
  6 is well over the limit that allows you to pass your exams . 
  i forgot to mention that bitcoin@rdp-law.de is the address i contacted . 
  happens to me too , it sets itself because of your ip, 
  i used to think it was utter crap , now it 's by far my favourite band . 
  both witchcraft and the tempest will still give me goosebumps at times . 
  i 've hear every song from them a hundred times , hold your colour has it 's own style , i like it . 
  i missed it too , wo n't miss the london one though , 
  personally i would change it all myself , parts are widely available and the price is way more reasonable .
