the fact that they did n't participate in a `` traditional catalan culture '' video does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  in fact that town , vich , has one of the highest immigration rates in the country ( 24 % of the town census not counting the illegal ones ) . 
  tried to explain better on the edit, 
  tried to explain better on the edit, 
  go to the store and give the extra ones away . 
  this or you 'll have to kill them . 
  otherwise they will all die . 
  keeping a tank overpopulated is an easy way to make them all die . 
  look my edit !, 
  look my edit . 
  it is an aquarium . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i definetly do n't want a single fish , so bettas are off the table . 
  i do n't have the aquarium yet , it 's not my dog , this is just the photo i got from the guy that will give it to me . 
  he said it was 10 aprox , ca n't know how accurate his measurings were . 
  as to the costs , could you estime the initial investmen + cost/year for let 's say , 8 guppies ? 
  i 've seen 25 uses test 3in1 kits for 7 $ , and the filter + airpump seem to cost 30 $ on dealextreme , which , according to someone else here are the same prices as local shops . 
  with this prices , i ca n't see where this big cost you talk about can come from : s, 
  i 've decided to go for 4 guppies ( 1m ,3 f ) and 5 neon tetras . 
  this is my first buy waiting to be paid . 
  thermomenter : http://www.dealextreme.com/p/digital-stick-on-aquarium-fish-tank-thermometer-72343, 
  heater : http://www.dealextreme.com/p/50w-anti-explosion-aquarium-tank-heater-15-34-c-ac-220v-2-flat-pin-plug-116690, 
  net : cheap 2 $ net, 
  filter : aquaclear 20 with 2 extra activated carbon, 
  light : aguaglo t8, 
  food : tropical fish flakes 50 gr, 
  all this is 70 $ with shippings included . 
  i still lack a siphon , decoration , water test kit and substrate . 
  questions so far :, 
  1 . - any problem with what i plan to buy ? 
  2 . - should n't i add this things that make bubbles from the bottom ? 
  3 . - is a 30 $ water test kit mandatory ? 
  i 'm planing to have the easiest fish available , not some exotic hard to maintain fish . 
  i feel with some cheap stripes i 'd probably be good to go : s, 
  4 . - can i have the light 24h on ? 
  5 . - ca n't i use some boiled street small rocks as substrate ? 
  i never win anything but let 's try , love that skin , 
  tried to crack the gamecon badge number generation algorithm for science sake . 
  i failed . 
  now after so much trying i fell in love with the skin , so i 'm your winner , 
  i try hard to get something but i never get picked , maybe my name is not appealing : s, 
  thanks !, 
  im never gettin anything :(, 
  indeed  i 'm not sure there are those on usa but they are the main type of trees we have here in tarragona . 
  knew i should have never written that the second i submitted . 
  ca n't edit xd, 
  most relevant nick ever, 
  you know , i have the doubt if mentioning karma machine helped or not . 
  sure it has 20 % downvotes but hell , would have i made it to the frontpage otherwise ? 
  it 's not my dog , wo n't happen , 
  catalans on reddit , i 'm about to cry hehe visca !, 
  oh well , it was 12pm when i sent it on my clock ; o, 
  it 's not my dog . 
  and you would go nutts not him , what he really likes is that you throw those cones fro him to get them back . 
  and you can go on like that for hours . 
  no matter where you throw it he will get it back . 
  once my friednd 's mom threw one the `` furthest she could '' because she was so tired of his game , guess what , he got it back along with her body covered on spines , the cone fell into a cactus camp . 
  really obsessed lol, 
  i did n't say spain because i 'd be lying . 
  as far as i know it 's only on the mediterranean sea coast that we have all this pines forests, 
  it 's my third language , 
  not sure if the guy is imitating the meme or not but they sure look alike lol, 
  can we get the raw ? 
  it looks like some quality was lost by your editing , on my 22 '' i can see the pixels : s, 
  thanks, 
  this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pa_amb_tom%c3%a0quet, 
  on the wikipedia entry it says toasted bread with tomato and oil and even garlic . 
  yeah that 's nice too but the real thing is : tomato on every single bread we eat . 
  i 'm seriously shocked that people outside here do n't know how awesome it tastes , i ca n't even eat a sandwich without tomato , it seems like the most natural thing to me !, 
  if you go to colleage , colleage is not about the knowleadge you 'll be taught but about the experience overall . 
  99 % of people does n't use 99 % of what they were taught on colleage . 
  i was once taking a bicycle ride with my ex gf dog ( collar attached to the bike ) . 
  i had done this plenty of times safely , i just do n't go fast and the dog actually pulled me and not the other way . 
  this crazy old woman comes to me , makes stop and starts shouting that i was gon na kill the dog . 
  lol . 
  interestingly enough , today is also my birthday , and i also turned 21 . 
  also , i could n't take the day off work . 
  i feel your pain . 
  i was there today as a member of the anc , i will answer any question , 
  the constitution literally says that the army is supposed to come and take the place if catalonia obtains it 's independence by any means . 
  you do n't need to look that far . 
  the political party that is ruling the country now ( who by the way has it 's root on franco 's political party ) is trying to force spanish into catalonia against what the catalan parliament decides nowadays . 
  we 're essentially broken . 
  we have been forced to ask spain for a bailout which is essentially going to be paid with what is supposed to be our own money . 
  hilarious , is n't it ? 
  there 's an excellent article on it here by a catalan economist who 's teaching economy on columbia university : http://www.salaimartin.com/randomthoughts/item/405-the-catalan-bailout.html, 
  i was there as a member of the anc ( the ones who organized the rally ) , ama . 
  although i agree that the documentary is good , remember it 's rather old , since this was filmed the situation has escalated pretty quickly . 
  this is the situation now , yes , but why are we here ? 
  spain is taking away around the 8 % of our gdp every year , no wonder we 're broken lol, 
  to be precise , you ca n't know where exactly the money for the bailout will come from , but the fact is that the ammount of money that we 're asking as bailout is only a fraction of the money that spain is taking away from us every year . 
  think about it as you want , but as the telegraph said , `` the catalans have been forced by the perversities of spain 's tax system to request a `` rescue '' even though they subsidize the rest of the country ! '', 
  everyone drinks at 14 here ( spain ), 
  very nice . 
  i was there and i have to say the song totally summarizes the ambient there : everyone peacefully and happily asking the world to listen . 
  i too , just wan na be . 
  neither do i :d, 
  most of you did n't hear a peacuful protest that took place in barcelona two weeks ago which was 3000 times bigger than this one , i 'm not disappointed ... 
  catalan here and i 'm a pure separatist . 
  you might believe my point of view is biased , so i will just throw the numbers and let you make your own conclusions .
