  when you take into account all the taxes you pay between you getting money from employer and you buying the tea , it 's definitely higher than that . 
  but hey , if i get cancer i wo n't bankrupt my family so i 'm happy , 
  chorizo with chocolate, 
  never for your own bank though, 
  chip is worthless without the pin, 
  jetlag funk by netsky . 
  it 's what it says in the tin , he made it in an airplane haha, 
  alexander the great, 
  docker, 
  have seen both this year , nothing has changed, 
  only english content is allowed, 
  what about the mark defriest guy , seems like same story, 
  i 'm spanish and so i do n't claim to have all the facts , but i thought there had been 0 people killed in the us in the last 20 years on terrorist attacks from people from any of the vetted countries . 
  why do you feel safety is at stake here ? 
  so , purely theoretical fear . 
  sounds like second world war japanese treatment logic . 
  as someone living in europe i do n't know what crisis you 're going on about . 
  everyone seems to be going on just fine . 
  do any of the things you 're describing happen any less in america ? 
  data ? 
  i think he 's trying to make the point that socioeconomic differences may push black kids towards sports more than whites ( personally think that 's nonsense ) , the same way it pushes black people towards crime by marginalising them ( which i think is true ), 
  scientists have n't been able to explain a lot of things , that does n't mean we do n't know about them by statistical means . 
  if 10/10 top10 marathon runners are black i find it hard to believe it 's by chance . 
  i do n't claim to know the answer , i 'm just saying it it ca n't be chance, 
  what bothers me more is the fact that the host does not live there and the ad does n't mention it , turning the experience from living with a swede to cheap hostel . 
  is this acceptable ? 
  i guess we just had the wrong expectations . 
  we expected airbnb to be an alternative way of traveling and it turns out it 's just a hostel , but worse . 
  ca n't see why people use it . 
  fair enough . 
  i guess i 'm just new to the platform , i did n't realise you 're supposed to rely on the reviews rather than the ad itself for this sort of information and that given the platform stereotype is that you live with the host , the ad would have to make it very explicit that this was n't the case . 
  first and last time i use airbnb i guess, 
  i guess i did , again , i made wrong assumptions . 
  it never crossed my mind that people were using airbnb to effective run hostels without a license on their second homes , that 's all . 
  i get that it 's not the only type of accommodation offered , though again , i 'd have thought that if they did this they 'd make it very explicit, 
  seeing people here say this is normal , i 'm not going to make any complaints . 
  the point about copy pasting emails is just that again it feels like a hostel communicating with me not an individual renting his house . 
  if it 's the norm , nothing for me to complain about within airbnb , but i sure as hell wo n't be using it again when i can pay less to go in an actual hostel that will be cheaper and will have people there running the show !, 
  yeah , i did make the wrong assumptions . 
  again , i thought airbnb was about people renting their spare room but it seems it 's mostly used to not have to get a hostel license in your second home . 
  lesson learnt !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  why ? 
  i think i 've been as reasonable and polite as anyone could be about it, 
  i 'm asking here precisely because i did n't want to do that . 
  i think you 're jumping to conclusions, 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm getting so much hate here : i 'm openly admitting it 's my fault for not doing my research and have said i wo n't give him a bad review !, 
  the point i was making is that i did n't go and leave a bad review , i came to ask experienced users precisely because i thought being my first time it 's likely i 'm the one on the wrong , and when explained the situation i replied fair enough i 'll leave a good review and just not use the platform given its not what i thought it is . 
  if there 's anything i could have done better i 'm happy to hear it , 
  no i would n't blame him because i do n't expect him to be my bitch , i just expected this to not run like a hostel . 
  seeing i was wrong i 've already said i wo n't use the platform given i just had the wrong idea . 
  i 've even said i would give him a good review seeing this is normal !, 
  that 's amazing . 
  how could it have worked for so long ? 
  pretty sure they 're not antigay given milo is gay, 
  yeah exactly , thanks for understanding !, 
  it 's not even 50 cents , that 's the retail value . 
  probably more like 5, 
  that 's an insane way to look at things . 
  for low skill jobs , reliability and attitude are the only thing that matters , she clearly had both and so was worth `` her weight in gold '' to any manager with half brain, 
  a cab is not even public transport haha, 
  same thing happened to my engineering department some months ago , 50ppl + in a well known ftse100 company . 
  i was in stockholm this week . 
  people there are well happy with the refugees . 
  panasonic tz100 or sony rx100m3 seem to be best based on my recent research, 
  that 's what i thought too , but if yo look at the video , there 's almost no difference !, 
  my main question is whether i need a large sensor at all or not . 
  can you provide any comparisons where the difference is really noticeable ? 
  thanks for the comprehensive list !, 
  my main question is whether these pricey large sensor cameras are worth their price at all after seeing that video . 
  is this just the tz100 being bad or do 1 '' sensors really not make that much of a difference ? 
  ca n't upvote this enough , indeed i was . 
  using the same tool it 's also become quite apparent the rx100 beats the tz100 , so i think i know what i 'll be getting , 
  si , y de hecho el curso de catalan para castellanoparlantes es bastante popular , medio millon de estudiantes !, 
  in catalonia the national day is the day we lost independence instead !, 
  my grandma had hep c , lived to 80 . 
  just move to any country in europe and you 'll be fine . 
  as a spaniard , i cringe every time i hear that sentence . 
  when i did my research a couple years ago , nothing could beat buying all the lowest fees index trackers from fidelity using cavendish . 
  i pay 0.33 % total fees yearly on average across all funds , which outweighs any possible advantage a managed fund could give me + i 've ended up with a very well diversified equities based portfolio across the global economy . 
  i doubt things have changed much so that 's my advice . 
  dawkins does n't care about diplomacy and offending people 's sensitibities , i 'll give you that , but i ca n't really see how that makes him a cunt when he 's 100 % right 100 % of the time . 
  that assumes you 're bruteforcing their login system , which really nobody does anyway , while doing nothing to prevent the real threat , which is that they obtain the hashes straight from your db somehow . 
  well , noam chomsky is indeed an example to follow , i 'm just saying i do n't expect everybody to be that great , and when you 're right so often i ca n't blame the guy for not having the patience required to convey his ideas to the public in the most effective way nor for not caring about what people think of him . 
  now imagine all your highly educated friends telling you you need to be more diplomatic but that sure , of course you were right . 
  some people just do n't have so many fucks to give and i actually kind of respect that , 
  any way we can make a little donation ? 
  fair enough . 
  best wishes , you seem an honest good man , i 'm sure you 'll be alright , 
  there 's a difference between doing your own judgment and having others do it for you . 
  i guess that 's where he 's coking from . 
  living in london , can confirm, 
  a work colleague has been trying to buy a place for him and his partner for years and finally did just last week : 40 square meter 1 bedroom apartment , # 540.000 . 
  renting a similar property is # 1500 a month . 
  this is in the border between zone 2 and 3 , and it 's an old two stories house that was split in 2 flats . 
  i 'm paying # 2300 for three double bedrooms in a similar area . 
  between 1500 and 2000 , depending on the place, 
  honestly , if you 've already started writing software , i would take online courses . 
  most of what i got from uni was the engineering mentality and intro to programming . 
  sounds like you got both already .
