  somewhere around 1 million ( 600.000 according to spanish government , 2m according to organizers , 1.5 m according to catalan government ) people went to the streets two weeks ago to ask for independence . 
  currently the majority of the parliament could be considered sepparatists . 
  there will be early elections in two months and you can expect this majority to become even bigger if not much bigger . 
  to me , it 's only a matter on wheter the international community will have to accept the democracy or if they will sell their souls to spanish pressures . 
  and honestly , at that level of politics i know for a fact that real shit goes on and that the second option could happen . 
  i have to admit i personally do n't follow soccer , nor do i personally give a damn about it . 
  that said , i do n't see why an `` iberic league '' could n't be created , just as many clubs around the world play in others countries leagues if that bothers people so much . 
  also , i find it kinda funny that people raises this `` issue '' when the catalan independence discusion arises , i mean , are sports really the biggest issue you can think of when talking about a nations 's independence ? 
  -- your brother from tarragona, 
  before starting , i 'd like to know where you are from , because from the type of arguments you manage i suspect madrid 's tv has had some influence on you ( no offense , i 'm truly interested in knowing if it 's really just spanish media doing it 's work or if international media is saying the same ) . 
  now , here we go :, 
  your argument is assuming the following points :, 
  1 ) we would have to ask for it 's acception as if it was a new country . 
  2 ) staying out of the eu means paying export taxes . 
  3 ) spain would boycott our products and our economy would break for it . 
  4 ) tourism would decrease . 
  i 'm going to answer them one by one :, 
  1 ) there 's no regulation on the eu about countries secession 's . 
  plain and simple . 
  if catalonia 's independence came true , the eu would have to make a new regulation for it . 
  now i 'm not saying they would accept us , i 'm just saying it 's unknown what would happen and that anyone telling you the opposite is just lying . 
  yeah , italy or spain would try to keep us out , but also germany and the other rich regions would n't be interested in keeping out another rich region , so we ca n't know what would happen . 
  2 ) staying out of the eu does n't mean you pay taxes . 
  see norway , for instance . 
  3 ) boycott would have a mild effect in the economy in the short term , yes . 
  in the long term it could even be good for it , as was the boycott to the `` cava '' some years ago . 
  `` cava '' producers looked for an international market for it , they found it and when the boycott was over , not only they had almost no loses from it but after it they were selling both to spain and internationally , and are now selling more than they were . 
  you ca n't pretend spain is the center of the world and the only place to sell things ... 
  4 ) why ? 
  we 're getting an enormous amount of free advertisement over the world right now , i 'd say if we archived independence a lot of people over the world would actually become interested in visiting us !, 
  i 'm from tarragona , i 'm on the anc , i voluntereed as a organizer on the demonstration and i 'm openning this subreddit : http://www.reddit.com/r/catalanindependence, 
  welcome the official subreddit : http://www.reddit.com/r/catalanindependence, 
  i 'm proud to present you : http://www.reddit.com/r/catalanindependence, 
  i 'm proud to present you : http://www.reddit.com/r/catalanindependence, 
  you 've mentioned quite a few times already that catalonia does n't want to help others . 
  this is absolutely not true . 
  i agree on us giving a % of our pib to the rest of spain as a mean to help them . 
  what i ca n't agree is on that being the 8 fuckingpercernt . 
  on the last negotation between mas and rajoy , mas plan included that , just like the basques pay a tax to spain too . 
  just like germany or norway help the rest of europe . 
  but not the 8 % . 
  this , again , leads me to suspect that you 've been heavily influenced by madrid 's tv , which btw , you still have n't answered . 
  then about this whole eu thing , again , i do n't care what some guy said after madrid 's pressures . 
  i 'm 99 % sure if the situation happened they would make new rules , that was the whole point of my argument . 
  i 'm about to think you 're next going to tell me that we ca n't become independent because the spanish constitution forbids it lol, 
  tl ; dr : europe is not interested in allowing secessions inside right now , so they make it look all dark . 
  however , if the situation happens , they will have no option but to allow us . 
  pd : using `` el mundo '' was very low from you, 
  now you totally showed your truly face . 
  madrid 's tv really washed your brain man . 
  yes most of us consider valencian a dialect of catalan . 
  yes most of us think valencia should be part of catalania . 
  but we would never force them to speak anything nor to be part of us nor to vote if they want something or not as spain is doing . 
  we respect people that thinks catalonia is a part of spain , it 's just an opinion . 
  what we ca n't respect is the imposition !, 
  i approve anything from out of spain and catalonia included , that simple . 
  stating that the method to calculate the deficit was changed is deliberately lying . 
  the data i 'm referring to is from 2005 and was given by the zapatero 's government , not ours . 
  you 're making up your data and your facts , and citing spanish ultra right wing newspapers . 
  understand that i 'm losing any faith on you . 
  i have already stated that any declaration by the commission at this point is heavily influenced by spanish pressures and that i do n't think they will be true if the independence comes , however you keep coming up with it as if a declaration was an unbreakable law forever ... 
  you said we 're doing to valencians what we do n't want spain to do us . 
  we 're not asking spain to think we 're not spaniards , we 're asking spain to let us decide it and to respect our decision . 
  this is why we 're not doing to valencia what do n't want spain to do to us and so , you 're plain lying . 
  i have already told you why two or three times : because there 's no benefit in excluding catalonia from the eu , but there 's an interest in saying it will to prevent it from happening . 
  how many times will you ask me to rephrase it ? 
  i ca n't back my argument because it 's my own opinion , not the one someone else 's wrote . 
  and anyway , is being outside the eu for a couple of years the worst that can happen ? 
  im not saying it would be the panacea . 
  im saying in the mid and long term it would be better . 
  wether it will be better or not in the short term , noone knows . 
  also , this thing about catalonia taking all this debt is also unclear . 
  search an article by sala i martin about the `` deuda heredada '' , he makes some interesting points . 
  last , what would encourage other secesionism movements would be catalonia being indepenendent , not if it id accepted by the eu or not afterwards . 
  once it happens accepting it or not would n't be much of a deal imo , that 's why i think that at that point , not even spain would try to keep us out . 
  of course , until that happens , they will try their best to prevent it , and yes that includes making people on the comitee read the papers they send ... 
  hi and welcome . 
  we 're not more different from spaniards than portuguese , andorrans or frenchs . 
  we have our own language , our own tradition and our own culture . 
  at the end , it all comes to the famous `` we 're a nation '' . 
  about your questions : on the metropolitan areas , where catalonia received the most immigration from the rest of spain , all these people plus their sons and grandsons mainly speak spanish . 
  all the rest mainly speak catalan . 
  you have to take into account that during franco 's dictatorship catalan was forbidden ( and this was just 40 years ago ) , so catalan is still recovering from it . 
  anyway , language is not really an issue for us , we all know both of them and consider ourselves bilingual , 
  banco de santander headquarter 's are in santander , not in catalonia , but i get what you mean . 
  but following your same example , yeah , many spanish companies have benefited tremendously from the south american market . 
  and you know what ? 
  most of this south american countries got their independence from spain , 
  thanks for your interest . 
  pd : asuming you are american , why did you get independence from britain ? 
  at the end , you have your roots there and your nation has less than 300 years of history !, 
  ( ours is 1000 years old lol ), 
  well , i suppose you already know that `` sala-i-martin earned his degree from the autonomous university of barcelona in 1985 and his ph.d. from harvard university in 1990 , both in economics . 
  in addition to working at columbia , he has been a professor at yale university , harvard university , and the universitat pompeu fabra in barcelona ( which he still visits for a term every summer ) . '' . 
  as you see , there are highly reputable economists who are independentists and truly believe catalonia would benefit economically from it 's independence . 
  of course this guy is catalan and his point of view is probably a bit biased too , but if you really want in depth economical arguments , you probably want to read though his blog instead of asking me . 
  also , if you want comments , he posts all the articles on his facebook page , where you can comment and he himself usually answers the interesting ones . 
  what 's the other one ? 
  the system in spain is that the central government collects all the taxes and then distributes the money around the country . 
  it has been calculated that around the 8 % of the catalan gdp is not given back to catalonia .
