  i was close to pulling the trigger but for less money i ended up with something that i personally prefer where most parts are one generation ahead : dys f4 fc , dys f30a esc , emax 2306 2400kv motors ... 
  get the br2205s motors instead . 
  less power but more efficient . 
  ideal for learning . 
  also for the frame , i feel the martian ii is much more beginner friendly . 
  the frog frame is quite tight with internal space !, 
  if you go with the frog though , at least get the lite version where the arms are separate . 
  you 're going to break the as a beginner !, 
  100 % buy broken djis and stick a frankenstein up rather than trying to go full diy . 
  barely anyone is doing diy multirotors for aerial photography compared to fpv . 
  why not argue from a safety point of view ? 
  it is a legitimate risk to have a diy multirotor flying over your heads when a dji is well tested and much lighter ... 
  why no start with something cheap that someone has already coded against like the eachine e011 ? 
  search for silverxxx firmware . 
  at 13 $ a piece ready to fly it seems like a no brainer, 
  geprc leopard is a much cheaper clone of the obsession frame in your pic , it 'll definetely fit your budget, 
  i have no experience with that frame size , but usually bigger battery that recommended by manufacturer tends to actually decrease flight time due to added weight . 
  as far as i know , everyone but the top 0.01 % companies are struggling to hire . 
  i receive multiple offers from recruiters on my linkedin every single day and so do all my colleagues ( london ), 
  i ca n't talk for them but you 've got a point . 
  i heard that 's the one place where there 's more devs than jobs, 
  for people wondering `` again ? 
  '' , here 's what happening ( full disclosure , i 'm a catalan who supports independence ) :, 
  first attempt :, 
  catalonia 's president : - let 's have a non-binding referendum to measure the support and make our case to the world . 
  ( results come in , 80 % support with low participation ), 
  spain : - catalonia 's president rebelled against spain 's constitution and is now banned from public office . 
  today :, 
  catalonia 's new president : fuck your constitution , let 's have an actual secession vote . 
  if you want to know more about the situation , i thoroughly recommend this short documentary :, 
  it 's a bit outdated and it does n't cover recent developments but you will get the context you need . 
  i literally said `` fuck the constitution '' . 
  how can you claim i 'm not making it clear they 're acting against spanish law ? 
  full blown independence . 
  staying in the eu would be ideal but if spain were to veto it for pure vengeance then so be it . 
  i do n't want to live in a hostage nation . 
  but if enough people vote yes the catalan government will go ahead with it regardless . 
  if spain answers by using military force the international community would have to accept catalonia is hostage to spain and that they 're ok with it . 
  not much more we can do about it . 
  they are prepared to go unilaterally , that 's the whole point of this vote vs the previous . 
  as far as i know they 've not set anything beyond question and date, 
  i 'd be happy to welcome them , yes , but it must be their decision, 
  highly unlikely . 
  catalonia 's independence movement is extremely pacific . 
  there have been 1-2 million people demonstrations every year for the last 7 years without any violent incident being recorded, 
  from our perspective , we 're trying to get independence , to a large degree , to escape spanish nationalism . 
  it 's very ironic to me that you would even compare our movement to trump or brexit : we want to stay in the eu and most of the laws that we 're frustrated about ( bullfighting , electricity being a right , moving to a republic ) are left wing, 
  i do n't want to have a border with them , i just said i 'd be happy to welcome them . 
  on top of that , i also said i want to be in the eu which means no borders with anyone . 
  what would change in your day to day life if your country stopped being a country became a part of another country ? 
  would you want that ? 
  there 's your answer : we want the same as every other nation . 
  if you guys veto us that 's on you not on us, 
  whoever vetoes us , that 's out of our control . 
  we have no intention to put any borders so do n't tell me `` why do you want to put a border '' . 
  i 'm not a politician either , 
  yeah my grandpa voted it , but if it holds today it 's because it suits the interest of current spanish parties . 
  let us have a vote and we 'll see if it really is ours too or not !, 
  it 's not for your average joe to decide if something is a language or a dialect . 
  there 's no serious linguist that supports the idea that valencian is it 's own language . 
  the only people pushing this idea are politicians because it 's convenient for spanish nationalism, 
  there are definetely parallels with the whole movement of population to try to dilute our culture, 
  we wanted the same as the basques . 
  no more . 
  as opposed to monarchy it is, 
  i said `` we wanted '' . 
  we 're past that point . 
  either way though , parties have sat down to talk about all the issues every year since i have memory with no visible result . 
  are you serious ? 
  most famously , this one :, 
  thanks for pointing that out , i only intended to use the t5050c on 5s or 6s , i 've added that to the build page, 
  1 ) cleaning up the power system to avoid interferences with the vtx ( if you were using a vtx that works from 12v you 'd put it there , but mine works from vbat ), 
  2 ) absorbing voltage spikes caused by active breaking ( it 's sort of like the kers on an f1 car / regenerative breaking ) . 
  this is why it 's 35v, 
  3 ) softening the noise caused by the escs on the power line . 
  this is especially important on high strength magnet motors like the rs2306 . 
  without it , the motors get very hot very fast due to the esc struggling to control them, 
  correct weights in the specs section , 
  you 'll never see it like this . 
  cameras are much better at picking up the faint green than your eyes are . 
  given that this is a 30s exposure the people in the picture were most likely seeing a pitch black sky, 
  saw this post and almost had a heart attack thinking i missed the tickets . 
  thank god they were still available , bought more than i needed just in case for friends haha, 
  i 'm not pro russia and i agree with that . 
  would you not allow them even if they wanted to ? 
  why not ? 
  this is assuming no election tampering from russia . 
  like , 100 % of them marched on the street demanding this . 
  no violence involved . 
  peaceful protest / they vote and you get 100 % support . 
  you 're the president . 
  what do you do ? 
  go is c-like and it does it the sane way, 
  invest in global index trackers like everyone else here and you wo n't have either of those problems , 
  i have no idea what that case is about but i was n't asking you about the legality of what i 'm asking you . 
  this is like me asking you why should pot be illegal and you pointing me to the law . 
  what are your personal moral reasons for defending the idea that the ancestors of the current citizens alaska , who willfully joined the us centuries ago , signed an eternal pact that can not be reversed by democratic means by their descendants ? 
  actually , the motors are trying to spin at 10s * 4.2 v * 2500kv = 105000rpm , not sure where you got the 46000 number from , 
  i did say they are `` trying '' to spin at that speed for that reason . 
  i assumed that 's what the 46000rm was coming from as that would be a normal theorical max rpm for that motor on a normal 4-5s quad .
