  the majority . 
  democracy shall prevail . 
  no , but is it relevant ? 
  you ca n't force people to remain in your country . 
  it 's like saying a divorce should be agreed between both parties !, 
  following that logic , what stops the poor ( say china ) from deciding that the rich ( say uk ) is to be a part of it ? 
  you ca n't have groups of people deciding over other groups claiming they are taking a decision over both groups !, 
  so then china has the right to declare itself part of the us and tomorrow they all american citizenship ? 
  it 's a logic that does n't get you anywhere . 
  people must be in the same country if they want to be in the same country . 
  that 's the only possible logic . 
  this is not the thirties anymore , i 've barely met a couple anarchists through my life . 
  definitely serious for the catalans , spanish is pretending nothing happens but they are taking it very seriously too, 
  if there was a big area inside catalonia that wanted it that way i would n't argue against it , but the fact is that at the moment , independence would win in almost every town . 
  unless they want to declare a single town part of spain , i do n't see anything like that happening . 
  it 's not about having enough troops . 
  imo they very well have the troops for it , but it still wo n't happen . 
  the eu would never allow a militar intervention against it 's own citizens ( remember catalans are eu citizens , you ca n't take away the eu citizenship from people ) by a member state . 
  hell , just imagine the picture : `` eu state military intervention against the democratic decision of one of it 's nations '' . 
  that would be a clusterfuck for spain . 
  wo n't happen . 
   http://3259460379, 
  sorry , the web page you have requested is not available through virgin media . 
  virgin media has received an order from the courts requiring us to prevent access to this site in order to help protect against copyright infringement . 
  if you are a virgin media home broadband customer , for more information on why certain web pages are blocked , please click here . 
  if you are a virgin media business customer , or are trying to view this page through your company 's internet connection , please click here . 
  why ? 
  according to spain it 's completely false that catalonia is subsidising spain at all . 
  in fact they say catalonia is afloat because of spain `` help '' . 
  of course it 's a big pile of bs , but they would never use that argument as it would contradict everything they 've been saying . 
  yes . 
  right ? 
  i do n't know how others are telling you to build your first quad , that 's crazy !, 
  fpv much more expensive version :, 
  can confirm , a friend went to the police in london with the address of the thief etc ( cerberus provided all the path he had walked from where he stole it to his house ) . 
  they did n't do shit about it . 
  sorry the title length limit was tough on this one xd, 
  i do n't think you undestand niantic made this game to collect information , not to build a gaming community . 
  allowing you to take over any portal means you will be moving much more than if they encourage you to stay deffending . 
  this coupled with the fact that once you reach level 8 , they already know everything they could possibly want about the places around and they do n't need you anymore , means that if you intend to play the game seriously once you hit 8 , you 're in for a bad time . 
  that 's why i left the game almost a year ago . 
  multimedia , sharing geolocation , group conversations with shared media ... 
  i was thinking this all along . 
  i discovered a while a go that a hardware restart via devcon will remove all that problems . 
  just paste this in a . bat file :, 
  devcon restart = display, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  you can since nginx 1.4, 
  exactly my setup . 
  nginx does ssl and i can forget about it for whatever i put behind it . 
  with a wildcard certificate it gets even easier to host all your services behind a single nginx . 
  i 'm not sure you or this kid understand how a/c or fans work for that matter . 
  both of them will raise the temperature of a closed room . 
  a/c generates some cool air and a lot of hot air . 
  we just happen to be able to separate them so that the cool one is directed inside the room/car while the hot air is sent outside . 
  a fan on the other way , does n't generate cool air at all , it only moves air and to do so generates heat . 
  happily for us , though , hotter air can feel cooler when it 's moving . 
  my point being , there is no current technology that will cool a room unless it has a way to blow out heat outside of it . 
  which i doubt you can do through the windshield . 
  how is jade a client side framework ? 
  yeah , but it 's something you would need to have installed in the car , not something you can buy and put in your car yourself . 
  sorry if i was rude . 
  is this not the purpose of the subreddit ? 
  if there 's one for requests please let me know !, 
  in the future you 'll be able to swap the service proxy for your own proxy . 
  that can then do whatever you want . 
  also , some extra default load balancing options will be added soon . 
  to rob :, 
  1 . - any chance you 'll be working on anything alone ? 
  2 . - i love knife party , and i love pendulum too . 
  begin again is one of my favourite songs of all times . 
  will we be seeing any more of this mixture between the two ( or at least some more vocals from you ) ? 
  3 . - i 've seen you mentioning a possible pendulum release next year . 
  any news ? 
  4 . - having been to several live shows of yours , i wish the format was more similar to netsky . 
  their mc engages the audience a lot , and the fact that he performs with a live band makes the whole show so much more enjoyable than just sitting there watching someone mixing their productions . 
  any thoughts ? 
  hope you do n't hate me for this , 
  edit : example of what i mean with netsky live being such a good format :, 
  keep up the awe music !, 
  islam claims that its the last and true religion , and that the sooner everyone adopts it the better . 
  add this to verses like :, 
  `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out . 
  and al-fitnah [ disbelief ] is worse than killing ... 
  but if they desist , then lo !, 
  allah is forgiving and merciful . 
  and fight them until there is no more fitnah [ disbelief and worshipping of others along with allah ] and worship is for allah alone . 
  but if they cease , let there be no transgression except against az-zalimun ( the polytheists , and wrong-doers , etc. ) '', 
  source : http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/quran/023-violence.htm, 
  and it 's pretty easy to see why shit happens . 
  this is supposed to be the word of god himself telling humans to fight until everyone is a muslim . 
  the reason most muslims do n't go around killing atheists ( although they do in some countries ) is that they `` interpret '' these verses in funny ways . 
  edit : for those complaining about the source , i copy pasted it from there , i understand this verse is a straight quotation from the quran itself . 
  supposedly , the gabriel archangel dictated the whole quran to muhammad , then muhammad dictated it to people for them to write it , as he himself could n't write . 
  from the same website :, 
  `` the historical context of this passage is not defensive warfare , since muhammad and his muslims had just relocated to medina and were not under attack by their meccan adversaries . 
  in fact , the verses urge offensive warfare , in that muslims are to drive meccans out of their own city ( which they later did ) . 
  the use of the word `` persecution '' by some muslim translators is thus disingenuous ( the actual muslim words for persecution - `` idtihad '' - and oppression - a variation of `` z-l-m '' - do not appear in the verse ) . 
  the actual arabic comes from `` fitna '' which can mean disbelief , or the disorder that results from unbelief or temptation . 
  taken as a whole , the context makes clear that violence is being authorized until `` religion is for allah '' - ie .
