  unbelievers desist in their unbelief . '', 
  if you think this is biased or a lie , please tell me why . 
  i 've heard and read this same thing from multiple sources before . 
  may i ask why i 'm supposed to believe your version of the quran over the noble quran ? 
  also , from the wikipedia article you quoted :, 
  `` according to ibn qayyim , he said most of the scholars have explained the word fitnah here as meaning shirk . '', 
  then shirk means polytheism or disbelief , according to wikipedia too . 
  i 'm seriously trying to understand what you 're saying . 
  an insane ammount of time and an insane ammount of crashes for sure . 
  this things cost hundreds of dollars to repair every time you crash , btw . 
  as someone from europe , i can tell you you 're gon na be disappointed . 
  a preacher who was targeted and killed on a drone strike in 2011 . 
  i wonder how many people will change their minds on drones once this goes viral . 
  because safety . 
  you ca n't launch rockets towards populated areas . 
  can confirm . 
  was on skype with friends all over europe , it 's down for everyone . 
  as a fellow it guy , i 've stopped ddosing your servers and went to do something else . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  as a singed player , this is so true . 
  plus the ulti nerf , it is n't the same anymore :(, 
  i was looking for concrete ideas but now that you mention it , a story would be awesome too !, 
  shall we x-post it ? 
  how would you do that exactly ? 
  how do you get any of that in the middle ages ? 
  to make the point that there 's no such thing as `` right to not be offended '' . 
  how would you use astronomy to proof anything ? 
  you do n't even have a telescope !, 
  [ specular reflections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/specular_reflection ) from a nail in the wall can produce severe eye damage with that kind of potency . 
  we 're talking about half watt to a watt of concentraded energy . 
  it will literally burn your retina forever . 
  it 's not electricity , it 's light . 
  it burns by heating up the surface that absorbs it , not by electrocuting you , that disperses the watt through the whole path of meat it goes through . 
  just a 200mw laser will burn your skin badly in a second , especially dark sin that absorbs more light . 
  you know what else absorbs light very well ? 
  the photoreceptors behind your transparent retina !, 
  not if you can inject js on the page before it 's served to you . 
  that 's a bit of a sensationalist title if you ask me . 
  you could also put rockets and tasers into that list . 
  the point is that they believe them to be dangerous , not that they are `` technology '' . 
  very relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ays815t4knq, 
  itt : people do n't understand sarcasm . 
  same thing here , i do n't think there 's any way the rocket can not correct the route for anything over one second ... 
  nope . 
  troll delivered, 
  thanks for the correction , just learnt that one . 
  english is my third language , 
  so , are there any estimates on the real figure then ? 
  man i reread your post to my thread so many times and still did n't get it . 
  finally went to your profile and now everything makes sense xd, 
  so , any data on that ? 
  well , if they are n't atheists they believe in angels do n't they ? 
  i 'm sure there 's a weird religion that has gods and no angels but i 'm quite sure there 's none of those in congress, 
  why ? 
  according to this :, 
  a third of the population are atheists . 
  surely they would vote representatives that were atheists too ? 
  maybe we 're not talking about the same jesus then . 
  the one i heard about had his birth announced by angels , had angels save him from the devil temptation and then had angels resurrect him . 
  oh , and he talked about angels all over his speeches . 
  if you believe in the figure of jesus and the concept of god and nothing else , you 're as much of a christian as you are a muslim , are n't you ? 
  i do n't know either . 
  fixed it , 
  also , thanks for the suggestion !, 
  i know , right ? 
  i really hope i like it because i really need a new series to get addicted to :p, 
  nsfw, 
  think of it this way . 
  some company is subsidising part of the cost of your purchase on the hope that you 'll consume their ads . 
  instead , first thing you do is uninstall all of that and you are the one getting a deal , not them . 
  it 's the same with ads . 
  i use an adblocker but i would n't want ads to disappear . 
  they are the ones paying for all the services that i use at their cost while giving them nothing !, 
  right ? 
  i ca n't believe the top comment is letting me know nothing paranormal was going on . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  having been in that store a handful of times , this is not news . 
  there already is a `` mini apple store '' section inside , and a corner full of google products . 
  i suspect the only change is that it 's now officially a google shop and they 're gon na put some posters around that corner, 
  i 'd asume a row reads and the other one writes ? 
  have you heard of bluetooth mice ? 
  i have a macbook air 13 from 2012 and a macbook pro retina from 2013 . 
  both have integrated graphics . 
  i can play league of legends ( pretty much all i play ) at 60fps on both as long as i use medium settings . 
  i think you do n't realise most people do n't buy laptops for gaming ( and you probably should n't either ) . 
  it 's not meant to replace your desktop . 
  for what i use my macbook air , this would be enough , that 's all . 
  yeah , and your phone bang for the buck ratio when compared to desktop hardware is shit too , so what ? 
  you 're not paying for power when you buy an ultra portable , you 're paying to be able to take it with you and not notice it . 
  please provide a link to something that is exactly the same for half the price . 
  on the surface pro you 're buying 2-3 year old hardware . 
  new generations are always more expensive , and to make this fair you should be comparing the price of the surface pro 4 which will have the same hardware generation as the macbook . 
  looking at the surface pro 3 prices , i can already tell you it 's going to be nowhere near 50 % the price , which is the claim i was challenging . 
  yes you pay a premium with apple when you look at raw specs , 10-20 % sometimes ( depends on the product line ) , but you do n't go to apple to get bang for the buck specs . 
  the best example i can find of this is linus torvalds , who being the linux kernel creator , uses a macbook air . 
  why ? 
  because the competition , while cheaper , is not quite there yet when it comes to ultrabooks ( literal quote ) . 
  obviously , if you 've never used one and you 're just looking at specs you 'll miss the point . 
  i do n't use any apple products besides their laptops . 
  but their laptops are freaking good .
