  where do i start ? 
  i 've looked here :, 
  where they seem to have some cheap stuff , but i got no clue what do i need . 
  help !, 
  pd : as to my preference for fishes , the more `` geeky '' they are the better . 
  clown fishes or fishes that do weird stuff would be my preference , although i 'm aware all of these might be out of my posibilites . 
  ** edit : the guy says the aquarium is 10 galeons aprox **, 
  ** edit2 : i do n't care if salt water , warm water or fresh water . 
  whatever the fish needs . 
  a user from a forum was given an iron cross together with this letter . 
  he is seeking for help on translating it . 
  here 's the thread :, 
  i encourage everyone to send everything related to catalonia 's independence in english to this new subreddit , aimed at spreading our cause . 
  i think this would be a great addition to the normal queue , avoiding the usual instalocks and people leaving etc. . . 
  in the boot animation you 're presented with a text that says that you 're booting the software . 
  at that point , some asm code appears . 
  i 've seen people saying it 's just `` so you feel like hacking stuff '' . 
  here it goes : what you 're presented with is not some random asm code , but the begining of a typical buffer overflow attack , as described here :, 
  what could this mean ? 
  maybe part of the story involves that the scanner had been hijacked ? 
  it all started 3 weeks ago when we decided to do a meeting just for the sake of meeting each other . 
  nothing special was planed , because we only had 3 l8 players . 
  days went by , 20 + people had confirmed their assistance , and in the meantime , some people had leveled up to l8 . 
  yesterday , a 7th player got l8 . 
  i woke up in the morning to see that everyone was asking me how much ap i had left to level 8 , because if i was level 8 , we could create level 8 portals , which were yet to be seen on spain . 
  it was the only chance , because no other day would we all be together to do it , and the resistance is extremely active here , so unless we were all on the same place at the same hour , it was n't going to happen , and that had to be today on the meeting . 
  this was 24 hours before the meeting was gon na take place . 
  i had 800k ap , and when i told them , they all said it was impossible , `` maybe next month '' . 
  after initially dropping it off , i started calculating , went to the intel map and calculated how much ap was there to be made in all the city , and if it was possible to make it in barely a day . 
  on the paper , it was possible . 
  very hard , but possible . 
  24 hours later , and already 15 minutes past the meeting hour , this was happening :, 
  400k exp in 24h ( 18 playing 6 sleeping ) . 
  i arrived to the meeting , and we started creating the portals . 
  we had chosen the very center of barcelona , a square with 21 portals on it , and it was a complete chaos . 
  the sync between devices was crap it took us almost an hour to make them all l8 , and because there were over 20 players sucking all the xm , we could n't even hack them . 
  we had just started hacking and trying to get some xm , when a l8 player with his brother from the resistance appeared and destroyed it all in barely 5 minutes . 
  some of our players had to go , so we just took some photos and went to dinner with them , 
  here 's the album :, 
  overall , great experience ( although my legs disagree ) and was lots of fun to meet and have dinner with the other team too :p, 
  here 's a list of all the l8 players that made this possible :, 
  - frants, 
  -2 t3ie82v, 
  credits to hexus from the resistance for blowing it all up too , 
  this is simple , i 'm going to sleep now , whoever posted the best joke that i have n't heard of yet gets an invite code . 
  tip : i 'm subscribbed to r/jokes and r/funny , do n't you dare to copy anything from there . 
  feel free to say whatever you think , suggestions are welcome , 
  just wanted to make sure you understand the risks . 
  i see a lot of people saying they are buying mining hardware because `` it will pay in a month '' . 
  it would pay in a month if the difficulty was not to rise ( but it will ) . 
  it could very well be that the difficulty does n't rise too much and you still get a profit or at least pay for the cards , but keep in mind with the recent rises in price a lot of people is likely to jump into mining . 
  a steady 8 % increase every 3 days ( as we 've been seeing lately ) means in 3 months , the difficulty would have seen a total 640 % from now . 
  a 10 % would mean a 1090 % increase . 
  because of this , it can also happen that in just 1 month and before you 've even paid off for the hardware , you have to turn the whole thing off because it 's not profitable anymore . 
  edit : just to make it clear , i 'm not saying you should n't buy mining hardware . 
  just wanted to make sure people investing their money know all the risks . 
  if you understand what i just said and still believe you should invest , then go ahead !, 
  the best idea i can think of is building some sort of basic electric motor/generator . 
  metal would be readily available and surely they would be amazed enough by it to be convinced i posses actual futuristic knowledge . 
  or they would burn me down for witchery :d, 
  what 's your best idea ? 
  i stumbled across this article that left me speachless :, 
  if true , how did this happen ? 
  as a european i really struggle to comprehend how this possibly ever came to be . 
  as said in the headline , never seen south park beyond random scenes when changing channels on tv , everyone tells me i should watch it as soon as possible . 
  with ~ ~ 25 ~ ~ 18 seasons , i 'm sure lots of people do n't know where to begin either , 
  i was born with a nose defect that basically does n't let me breath through my nose . 
  i 've been a mouth breather my whole life , and it was n't until this year that i 've decided i 'm going to get surgery to get it fixed . 
  the main reason being that i got braces to correct my teeth when i was 14 , and 10 years later they 've pretty much gone to where they were because i still breath through my mouth and bite on the sides only . 
  however , this time i would want to get it all fixed , not just the bite . 
  my front teeth are disproportionate , and a recent accident broke one of them . 
  years of coffee drinking and smoking ( stopped both habits already ) have made them yellow . 
  from my own investigation , i need whitening , some cosmetic surgery to reduce the size of the front teeth , braces and an implant for the broken tooth . 
  however , i have no idea in which order or where to go to get all of this . 
  i 'm also not sure i can actually afford the whole thing . 
  i 've visited a couple dentists but i do n't think they understand the complexity of the situation . 
  one of them suggested to do the implant straight away , which would look terrible if i get whitening later ... 
  any ideas or dentist recommendations ? 
  ( i 'm in london ), 
  thanks !, 
  i created / r/catalanindependence for people around the world to discuss catalan independence but have n't really been able to maintain it properly . 
  i 've now spent the day applying some fancy css ( still work left to do ) and will try to commit myself to submit and moderate content more regularly . 
  however , i do need help . 
  if any of you is interested , please let me know , 
  recently lost lots of weight . 
  wondering how i 'm perceived now  honesty please !, 
  edit : body shot due to weight comments http://imgur.com/abudrgq, 
  recently lost lots of weight . 
  wondering how i 'm perceived now  honesty please !, 
  showcased the problem here :, 
  i ca n't physically explain what 's going on in here :, 
  anyone ? 
  i 'm a quite distrusting person specially when it comes to professional services so please excuse me in advance if i 'm just being paranoid . 
  i recently moved cities and found myself a new dentist . 
  now initially it was all cool when he just did the checkups but recently i was told i needed a crown on a tooth that my previous dentist had just put a big filling on . 
  i was distrusting of him right away but decided to believe him . 
  i had the temporary crown put in place and it fell a couple days later . 
  a quick search online showed dentists recommending to go get it fixed right away , so i booked an urgent appointment . 
  he basically tried to talk me out of it , saying it was n't necessary and that we could just leave it like that until the permanent crown was fit . 
  why did he put s temporary in the first place then ?
