  british ? 
  because it 's a stereotype that brits ca n't ignore the events from ' 39 - '45 even if they try hard . 
  we had a teacher in school who had taught german in a french school before . 
  she also said that in french schools the language-teaching often is just a teaching giving his / her students a lecture and does n't let them talk a word in class . 
  well . 
  the 30-years-war was not only an internal religios conflict . 
  is that were asterix is hyding ? 
  `` doctor '' that can sort of backfire , you see ? 
  what about that air attack in kunduz ? 
  so you do n't count afghanistan , somalia , mali and kosovo then ? 
  also , interesting flair to say : \u201e sooner or later we all go to war . ``, 
  i 'm sorry ; it was kind of a stupid question to ask in the beginning . 
  i only asked because i thought , if it were a big and popular university , then a case like this one would harm their reputation , would n't it ? 
  easy example : let 's say a person from athens who works in a hospital wants to move to munich . 
  he / she has to find a job in an environment in which he a ) might not speak the language well ( if at all ) , b ) his / her training might not be accepted / recognised as equal , c ) he / she is in a foreign country with different customs . 
  and now he / she has to compete with that guy from rosenheim , with german training , perfect language skills and so on . 
  so who gets the job ? 
  it 's not all that easy , you see . 
  neo-habsburg-crown-republic-thing . 
  you just do n't like barbarossa , do you ? 
  i see the 12th war between russia and sweden coming . 
  ^ ^ well . 
  no state would send diplomats if there was no immunity . 
  having a representative to talk to is far too valuable to risk it by denying immunity . 
  which university was that ? 
  actually , that already is the case . 
  [ ditib ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish-islamic_union_for_religious_affairs ) is generally controversial because they are basically the foreign arm of diyanet , a state-run turkish religion authority . 
  remember austria-hungary ? 
  i dont think they mind . 
  if he is spending almost all his time in germany , paying german minimum wage makes sense . 
  some parts of thuringhia and saxony ( east and centre just north of bavaria ) also have it as a holiday . 
  but those are just few communities . 
  ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/fronleichnam#deutschland ) i found no english link that fast , sry . 
  basically everywhere , where there are a lot of catholics . 
  now le pen ca n't attack germany anymore : we wo n't sell them the ammo . 
  no , srsly , politics are always in play in the military , on a contract of this size that is inevitable . 
  even if it is just industry politics ( you 'll buy mine , i 'll buy yours kind of deals ), 
  while i do appreciate the effort , do n't you think this is misleading ? 
  in germany 's voting system map will not be explaining how the parliament is set up . 
  even if we were using a first-past-the-post system , the voting districts and not the l\u00e4nder would be the important reference . 
  username confirms stereotypes . 
  are n't those the french ? 
  seriously , though , many german sites have an english translation if there is a chance non-german-speaking people might look at it . 
  but if that 's not really happening , no english . 
  especially on reddit , i think that 's more of a casual error . 
  reasonable arguments get in one ear , pass through void and go on out the other side . 
  better pr , more effective judiciary & bureaucracy , more direct investment . 
  i 'm afraid some of this is not curable . 
  but if we always blamed every idiot on his country 's leader we 'd also have to blame the president for anything stupid happening in the u. . . oh wait . 
  but we are the [ barbarians ] ( http://www.loc.gov/pictures/resource/ds.03216/ ) ? 
  gist of the article : three british citicens aged 31 , 38 and 48 were released on sunday ( 11.06.2017 ) , a speaker for the police has said . 
  police say no explosives were found on the plane . 
  a backpack that raised suspision was detonated , but no traces of explosives were found . 
  police say they do not belive that anybody had been in danger on the plane . 
  passenger had alerted the crew of the easyjet-flight from ljubljana in slowenia to london after overhearing a conversation `` with terroristic content '' . 
  the three arrested claim they had spoken about a book . 
  [ ... ] normal operations resumed in cologne/bonn at 0:30 am . 
  the main problem for germany is though , that every city wants an ice stop . 
  which gets ridicoulus . 
  you did n't dare to claim anybody cares about dusseldorf , did you ? 
  ( passive agressive colognian speking ), 
  the rammstein one with the drone strikes is the most likely one `` to get kicked out '' ( if that ever happens ; it is very unlikely ) . 
  the other ones ? 
  no , not really . 
  `` america never was america to me '' -- i do not remember who said this ( it must be some literature person , i think ) but i think that pretty much summs up the attitude of many on the european left ... 
  donald duck ?!, 
  do n't you mess with proper cartoon characters !, 
  for real : the competent donald actually often says stuff like `` the only thing i know is i do n't know a thing . '' so actually * is * smarter than trump . 
  he has just bad luck all the time . 
  well , maybe . 
  trump could in fact be only more stereotypical 'm urican if he 'd wear the stars and stripes , driving around with a rifle in his ford truck . 
  i mean , srsly , * why * is there the rule that a term is four years no matter what happens ? 
  it 's not like it 's impossible to have an election in the mean term ... 
  \u201e fake news `` are -- for example if they accuse someone of a thing you ca n't prove he 's done -- illegal . 
  would n't that technically be austria 's job ? 
  habsburgs were everywere . 
  it sure looks funny . 
  all the greedy people did . 
  the ones that did n't get a job in frankfurt ... 
  cologne has the biggest facade . 
  but the cologne central station ( apart from being not very \u201e gem\u00fctlich `` ) is massively over it 's capacity . 
  funnily enough , sh participated in baltops once , i think . 
  austrians do speak german . 
  just not that well ( jk ) . 
  it 's a dialect , but it is still german . 
  also read up on 1866/67 prussio-austrian war . 
  there was also an article in the versailles peace treatey forbidding germany and the to-be austrian republic to merge . 
  official eu statistics often also include efta countries . 
  the swiss and norwegians will disagree , but since they are in the common market , they are still often includent in \u201e eu `` statistics . 
  if you want a good impression on how bad the german tabloid press can be , visit bildblog.de ( german ofc ) . 
  especially \u201e die bild `` is awful . 
  what about languages with 16 cases ? 
  technically , most counts do not include compounds . 
  so `` haust\u00fcrklinke '' may not have been counted as a word even theogh it is one . 
  volkswirtschaftslehre ( vwl for short ) describes the studies on the economy on the level of society . 
  ( in contrast to betriebswirtschaftslehre , bwl , for a single company ) . 
  it is a part of economy-studies . 
  both vwl and bwl are offered in german universities . 
  bwl is useful if you want to run a company , vwl if you want to see the impact of policies , try to predict a bubble in a market , etc. 
  google struggles with the translation because in the bracket , synonyms are listed , which completely sets off the machine translation .
