   will brexit also be blamed when the brics overtake the german economy ? 
  i 'm going to enjoy seeing you try to explain this sentence . 
  on you go then . 
   even the experts quoted by the remain campaign who were predicting the sky caving in before the referendum have now changed their tune . 
  oh look , two lies in one . 
   who 's ` you ' ? 
  not the uk surely , you do n't expect us to compensate ireland for the vote ? 
  the guy you are talking to is from northern ireland , the segment of the uk which receives the most funding from the eu . 
  so yes , whether you like it or not you will be compensating him considerably more than you are now . 
   the irish government has demanded downing street clarify its intentions on brexit , and has called out the british government for its refusal to outline its objective in the brexit negotiations , the irish times reports . 
   `` the mixed messaging from the uk is a matter of concern , '' minister for foreign affairs charlie flanagan said . 
   `` we 're six months from the referendum . 
  we need some clarity as to what the plan is . ''  flanagan told the irish times that the british government 's mixed messages were leading to `` uncertainty , '' which is damaging to markets and to business . 
   the minister has on three occasions repeated his call on the british government to let other eu countries know its intentions regarding brexit . 
   later , he added : `` i want to see a plan . 
  after six months we should be moving now from slogans towards having a clarified plan . 
  i do n't see evidence of that , and i find that regrettable . ''  neither british prime minister theresa may nor her ministers have indicated whether britain wants to remain a member of the eu single market , of the eu 's customs union , or if it wants a complete break with the bloc . 
  the last would have significant consequences for northern ireland and the border with the republic . 
   without a replacement agreement , britain 's leaving the eu 's customs union would require ireland to impose a tariff on goods entering from the north and the rest of the uk , with irish goods seeing a tariff imposed when they enter the uk . 
   the implications for the open border between republic of ireland and the north are also unknown until the british government makes its objectives clear . 
  here 's the article in it 's ( brief ) entirety . 
  so where 's the threat ? 
  the british isles is no official term anywhere , and is not used ( and in fact , outright opposed ) in ireland . 
  you 're either just showing your ignorance now or simply trolling , eitherway please be kind enough to stop . 
   northern ireland is the uk , and they prefer to be british . 
   they want a legislative border to divide the irish island of the british isles , so it is likely they 're less concerned by whatever technical form that division takes then the people from the roi are . 
   the rest of the british are n't too worried no doubt . 
  hi , northern irish here . 
  that 's a very , * very * silly statement for you to make simply to win a little internet spat you 're having . 
   not surprised you make this sort of conclusion ,  but we 'll see , no need to get worked up by technical decisions and negotiations . 
  that 's two character attacks now . 
  why do you think this is acceptable behaviour ? 
   not surprised you make this sort of conclusion , here 's your chance to explain this statement . 
   he highlighted agricultural reform and a developing relationship with the republic of ireland as areas where the uk could be positive . 
  we 'd rather not english nationalists try and take advantage of us with conservative and opportunistic political/economic policy while trying to drive a wedge between us and a massively beneficial and progressive union , thanks . 
  keep your dogs in line . 
  which the uk had a strong say in . 
  brexit : a cautionary tale . 
  remember that half of them voted for sanity . 
  you 'll get uneducated jackasses and amoral pricks in every country . 
  blame the generation of idiotic politicians who put the suicidal question to the people . 
  could this possible endanger / u/vigorous employment ? 
  nice to see brown moses and bellingcat keeping up the good work . 
  well done lads . 
   but in modern times , scotland is just british . 
  careful there son . 
  this is what it looks like to lose a conversation , children . 
  i 'm learning so much today . 
  this is what gets me . 
  this is like carpet-bombing a city during ramadan . 
  this is at once heartbreaking and infuriating , and i find myself getting very very angry . 
  more of this !, 
  less of everything else !, 
  i 'm proud to be a member of the eu and i 'm tired of lazy or ignorant politicians attacking it for their own failures !, 
  all he can do is throw back insults that were used against him . 
  a worrying sign of a juvenile mind . 
  and when they 're so indoctrinated by american tv they use the american spelling for `` arguement . '', 
  poor baby :'(, 
  we 've got more liberties than every other region on earth , poor baby :'(, 
  back to your dad 's basement to watch fox news , teenager !, 
  it 's so sad when teenagers use retarded american slang after they lose arguements . 
  you attached the stigma of nazism to democracy , because you were emotionally responding to the accusation that you were afraid of democracy . 
  now you 've revealed you do n't know what godwinning is . 
  and now you 've godwinned the thread . 
   `` i ca n't justify my own arguement so i 'm going to whine angrily about you calling me out on that ! '', 
  if you ca n't understand an eight word sentence you might have deeper problems than extremely skewed philosophies on the laws of others . 
  defending a pointless opinion because it is yours is the action of a child . 
  you must argue for your view to have merit , not cry when nobody takes it seriously just because it is yours . 
  if you 're afraid of democracy that 's your own problem . 
  is n't that where howl lives ? 
  poor baby crying at his downvotes :'(, 
  that 's your own opinion . 
  more people believe it should be a law . 
  `` if they can do it , why ca n't we ? '', 
  a child could explain the reason your arguement is empty . 
  your view has no image merit simply because it is * yours . 
  * if your view is without merit , others will mock it . 
  this is how pointless arguements are sorted from the simply poorly-made ones . 
  knowledge - it 's important . 
  `` if only we listened to the morons ! '', 
  - / u/txapollo342 , in lieu of an arguement and still hoping nobody notices, 
  as a northern irishman , i both know of that and many other such instances where you owed them that money . 
  and as a rational human being , it 's enjoyable watching you try to whine like a child that a legitimate court of human rights decision * wasnt ` t * legitimate because * poor baby did n't agree with it :( *, 
  mfw i 'm dealing with someone who thinks this article is about `` letting the military become a country . '', 
  yeah there we go , that 's what i was looking for - a moronic arguement with blatant open holes in it . 
  here 's a hint genius - they 're discussing this on the political level so it becomes legal and thus follows the rule of law . 
  i dare say from reading your posts this past month i know better than you and your afternoon 's googling . 
   `` i 've got no arguement , so maybe if i say the word * democracy * some people will only pay attention to that and ignore the fact that ... 
  i 've got no arguement ? '', 
  you were in a coma for 18 days and awoke only to spew something *** like that ? 
  good . 
  go for it . 
  ignore the morons on here whinging about concepts they do n't understand or do n't want to and just get shit done . 
  it 's not you that are in the wrong , it 's everybody else . 
  like half of them , actually . 
  ` cos half of them voted to remain . 
   well ... undisputed facts we want to remember and help to guide our actions today . 
   great attitude i hope someday it will be more common than it is today why , [ whatever could you both be referring to ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6qv0xt/russian_staterun_tv_station_zvezda_rewriting/ ), 
  good neighbours .
