  oh my god this guy 4 days later and he still ca n't provide a single fucking * opinion * nevermind an actual benefit of the policy he got tricked into voting for . 
  because he 's a fucking moron , and he got tricked into it , and there are n't any benefits . 
  i 'm done indulging you . 
  blocked . 
  wine tastes exactly like vinegar to me . 
  whiskey or cider please . 
  beer if you 've got nothing else . 
  beer is good , but whiskey is better . 
  why would you even drink wine ? 
  is that coal-dust or what ? 
  from who ? 
  she continues to alienate the half of the country that voted against it and the half hat voted for her do n't want her to steal their old age monies . 
  holy moly . 
  awesome . 
  that rug though . 
  this is the most dutch thing . 
  i love it . 
  ask 46th president of the united states dwayne `` the rock '' johnson . 
  practical . 
  i like it . 
  you could ask the americans why they elected a twice-bankrupt idiot as their head of state . 
  yeah i was well impressed with him sticking it to that orange goblin . 
  '' twas indeed !, 
  it 's named after fiona mac cumhail ( or finn mccool ) who performed a bunch of legendary deeds ( like dressing as a baby to trick an angry scottish giant - it makes sense , i promise ) around where i grew up . 
  glad to see you 've heard of him somewhere !, 
  people are getting carried away . 
  the polls always close . 
  they always correct . 
  i dove off that church !, 
  okay there champ . 
  probably not , being dead and all . 
  also it 'd never happen , because paisley never viewed himself as irish and openly hated those who did . 
  thats not what you 've got with corbyn . 
  corbyn wants what 's he thinks is best for england . 
  you can disagree with what he wants , but to equate him with someone who openly hates your own country is silly . 
  see , now you 're talking about leashes and it 's becoming clear is is just a sex thing . 
  i always said the finns had a great eye for beauty . 
  i went back for a week last month and after living in nice , stable toronto for a few years the changeable weather back home drove me up the feckin wall . 
  20 mins of showers followed by 20 mins of sun accompanied by constant wind . 
  and just being generally gorgeous . 
  god , that takes me back !, 
  i took some lovel snaps when i was back home in south down recently , i really should post them . 
  i 'd rather british troops had n't killed british citizens , but i 've had to make do with that for decades . 
  be honest - you were masturbating while you typed this , were n't you ? 
  oh no , not his ira links . 
  english politicians are famous for secretly being the head of the permanent war council . 
  shock-horror , nobody trusts sun readers political opinions they learned from the paragraph on page 3 squeezed in next to the tits of * becky , 19 , from the wirral . 
  okay , that is boss . 
  i already know you ca n't provide a benefit because there are n't any . 
  that 's objective reality . 
  that 's the whole problem of being tricked into voting for a platform built to fail . 
  if you can prove an * objective * benefit - not just your own opinion or what you * think * might happen , i 'll be impressed . 
  * shakes head in disbelief *, 
  * scans my above posts for mention of my nationality * ... ? 
  * looks at you expectantly *, 
  see that 's another good indicator of a bad arguement ; `` this guy who just exposed that i have literally not benefits from my dumbass decision * must * be trolling , otherwise * i 'd * be the one who is wrong ! '', 
  so yeah then , he is talking to a cheerleader of child-killers when he 's talking to you . 
  why did you pretend he was n't ? 
  oh like i fucking care . 
  in you 're own words you 're a rabid english nationalist who 's looking for any excuse to mock other nationalities , who gives a fuck . 
  er , he is ? 
  you support the british army and openly mock other nationalities . 
  have you taken a breath today without calling someone a rabid nationalist , or is it just seeing irishmen that tickles something down in your funny bits ? 
  you are talking to someone who 's entire argument is that he is upset about an episode of a children 's tv show . 
  literally looks like he 's trying to start a fight with the president of france . 
  it 's the only way we can be assured of intelligent conversation . 
  jesus that 's the most awkward back-pedalling i 've seen since theresa may 's u-turn on the dementia tax . 
  yeah that 's probably why you said i was probably an alt for him . 
  you did n't need either of those commas to make your unaware pot-kettle post . 
   discussing anti-british or anti-english sentiment for that matter has never been the basis of our discussion , so why on earth would we ? 
  oh , probably because it 's the first thing you said when you entered the thread  i 've only ever ` defended ' brexit ( to use your strange terminology ) against bizarre lies and mistruths . 
  my post history is quite varied as well , ** it does n't only contain incomprehensible anglophobic ramblings like your own does . 
  **  i thought you had a victim-complex which is weird , because you 're the one complaining about poor old you suffering from ( i swear to god i love that i get to write this ) ** anglophobia . 
  ** take another page out of the russian propaganda book , why do n't you . 
  that works so well for them . 
   turns out you 're an irish nationalist . 
  did the flairs and me repeatedly saying i was an irish nationalist give it away ? 
  as expected by * literally everybody , * turns out that there are no benefits to be found to the brexit mistake . 
  shock-horror . 
  oh by the way , did you hear that [ i 'm your alt account ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6d97sv/uk_economy_weakens_more_than_estimated_growth/di16ehe/?context=3 ), 
  here 's a prime candidate !, 
  taking every illustration of the problems with brexit as a furious personal insult and calling me an alt of some other guy he saw with an irish flair . 
  i 'm sensing someone losing their argument . 
  are we not going to go down the anti-english article we were just describing to list the historical and contemporary citations of anti-english sentiment , aka `` anglophobia '' ? 
  there 's quite a lot of them . 
  we could talk about that for a good while . 
  i think it 's a bit of both a ) the presence of and interest in the articles themselves which show the problems with brexit , which they take as a personal insult because brexit was an emotional choice for them , not a logical one . 
  b ) the attitudes of several posters ( myself included ) who are less than courteous when dealing with brexit . 
  in my case that 's because i 'm sick of having a good-faith argument with somebody who 's not reciprocating evidence with evidence . 
  and because i 'm a cunt . 
  yup :  anti-english sentiment or anglophobia ( from latin anglus `` english '' and greek \u03c6\u03cc\u03b2\u03bf\u03c2 , phobos , `` fear '' ) means opposition to , dislike of , fear of , or hatred towards england or the english people . 
  i also read the rest of the document , which describes fear or hatred towards english people . 
  shall we quote it and see who gets more ? 
  i 'm not sure you know what a quote is , nor anglophobia , [ because it does n't mean `` anti-britishness in all forms . 
   the xinhua-dow jones index on the other hand has n't been updated since 2014 as far as i can see , i rather imagine that 's because you 're only looking at the wikipedia article . 
   nearly as widely recognised citation needed ? 
  if you 're telling me nobody recognizes the dow jones ( or hell , even xinhua news ) i do n't know what to tell you . 
   and as of march 2017 , london is still ranked above new york again , only in your london-based think-tank . 
  why are you repeating yourself ?
