  you got into a money-fight on a 5-figure salary . 
  that 's so charming . 
  you really need to stay in school bigot . 
  the sheer stupidity of you * suggesting * a zero hour contract for # 100,000 just cloaks you in inexperience and lunacy . 
  now crawl bag into bed in your tenement with your family . 
  you both have work in the morning . 
  surprise-surprise , it turns out the bigot can not read . 
  crawl back to your main account and scrounge whatever sleep you can from your destitute family bigot . 
  we 'll both be sleeping happily tonight , until you have to get up in 30 mins to work on your zero-hour contract . 
  i really must try that * europa park * some time . 
  i love seeing other cultures ' versions of each other . 
  can the bigot not read ? 
  i suppose i should n't be * too * surprised , earning power is the greatest determinant of education and his whole family is on a zero-hour contract . 
  which i 'm sure for him is just a delight , so we 're both happy . 
  the guarantees of bigots mean as little to me as their salaries . 
  which is to say , very little indeed . 
  i guarantee you i make significantly more than you chief . 
  this is your 4th alt account . 
  get your bigoted idiocy back to your stormfront posts where it belongs , brexiteer . 
  we 're not keeping things quiet . 
  there is literally no plan . 
  i 've never spoken to you before , whoever you are . 
  and the fucking balls on you to defend * zero hour contracts * aka the enslaving of the working class , just because somebody rightfully called out your country for being * rivven * with this shit . 
  it 's almost like they 're describing 2 different things . 
  wait till you hear how many are zero-hour contracts . 
  brexiter basing statements on hopes and dreams , news at 11 . 
  who had `` brexiter moaning about experts predicting doom when they predicted damage '' for bingo ? 
  yours is the deceptive narrative mr 2 % mandate based on literal lies . 
  pretty much as soon as someone uses the term geopolitics to justify their polemics you can just flat-out ignore them as i am here . 
  ... what ? 
  you lost me at `` there is considerable agreement that the uk is under no legal obligation '' given that that is the * opposite * of what the consensus is . 
  there is consensus that the uk must and will pay its bills , for example . 
  * waves corporate profits in yo face *, 
  god every shot of that fat old idiot is such a bring down . 
  i know you 're joking but there was a smidge more to the 200 year old french revolution than a few arbitrary deaths . 
  it was for all intents and purposes the start of the modern era . 
  ah so it 's * you * rolling these dutch alt accounts !, 
  you baltic guys are getting dark in here , i 'll tell you what . 
  it 's not . 
  but this is n't going away , and asking it to - while perhaps understandable - is exactly what russians and americans did when the boards were flooded with negative stories of them invading ukraine and iraq , respectively . 
  people do n't stop calling you out on your nonsense when 1 . 
  it 's still ongoing , everyday 2 . 
  it effects them too . 
  what you are doing now is the * exact * same thing the russians were doing when they invaded crimea and caught shit , and the americans did when they invaded iraq and caught shit . 
  for what it 's worth , i also voted remain . 
  austro-hungary too , which is perhaps even more surprising for the time . 
  it 's essentially water that was dumb enough to get trapped . 
  that 's like something from a studio ghibli movie . 
  goddamn , we might as well end the series here . 
  i ... see ? 
  i did n't realize the british had paper-thin skin but i 'll remember that for the next time i 'm talking about germany and poland ( ??? ), 
  wow that is stalin-level lack of self awareness right there . 
  it was n't supposed to absolve the germans in the eyes of the poles , it was to break polish spirit by pointing out how long help was taking to get there . 
   i do n't know how it was in the rest of the europe but in poland if you destroy one of these you were often punished by death . 
  and the nazis did n't think that would be a bit * more * compelling of an argument than the poster itself ? 
  `` oh sure if you tear down this poster we 'll shoot you in the street like an animal , but it - look , just shut up and read the poster ! '', 
  austro-hungary was * very * complicated . 
  i prefer gary gygax 's illustration of hell . 
  it feels much less preachy . 
  plus you can kill the devil and steal his stuff . 
  but the commonwealth , trade deals and so forth ? 
  i do n't think that was the ulster unionists . 
  holy shit , that 's a tsunami of people . 
  hey , i know that from duolingo !, 
  yawn , edgy troll is edgy . 
  this is how you show someone you do n't care about them ; blocked !, 
  you should probably stop dealing in cliches then , englishman !, 
  ooh !, 
  edgy troll is edgy !, 
  who had `` brexiteer fabricates arguement with himself ? '', 
  * miniature french & eu flags *, 
  you 're aware anyone in doubt can just look at your post history right ? 
  whoops . 
  oh look , the troll has an irish flair now . 
  goddamn trudeau just can not take a bad picture . 
  the us always speaks with one voice , that 's the benefit of a presidential federal system , russia and china always speak with one voice , that 's the benefit of dictatorships . 
  india will eventually speak with one voice . 
  we need to get caught up to speed before our own hubris and pride sees us becoming * more * irrelevant . 
  the pope scoring a lot of points late in the game with me . 
  he 's entirely correct , your own nationalism and pride be-damned . 
  ... going to a football game , sitting in a particular pub , eating the better variety of tayto ... 
  up north we sing it pretty much everywhere . 
  school discos , nights out , when we 're posting some letters ... 
  i 'll call out dishonesty where i see it , cheers though . 
  cool what down ? 
  i wonder what japanese chocolate tastes like that they 'd put such a high tax on the world 's best chocolatiers . 
  to shreds , you say ? 
  check his post history past the first page - you 're literally talking to an american troll . 
  shock-horror all the `` anti-globalization '' mouth-pieces are month-old alt accounts , what a surprise . 
  edit - and this guy 's post history is full of posts to / r/altright _ online from an american perspective . 
  mmmmmm !, 
  `` well-paying manufacturing jobs '' do n't get offshore because they depend on skill . 
  low-paying manufacturing jobs get offshore all the time , because they rely on low skill . 
  get your lies outta here . 
  that 's some good shit . 
  no idea why you think anybody cares about america 's input or why you personally are only able to deal with the world through america 's views but i do n't care . 
  blocked . 
  whenever you find yourself referring to a trade deal between the european union and japan as small-scale , that 's a sign that your kind of being silly . 
  more so , that you 're the stereotype of the ignorant america-centred american . 
  which i 'm sure you 're not in real life and i 'll chalk this down to you getting carried away with your own arguement .
