  i rather think he 's just a troll . 
   yeah and then we will save you in another world war would n't that had to have happened a first time ? 
  what am i even supposed to be seeing here ? 
  this looks like somebody 's deviantart account . 
   g\u00d6tterfunken congrats , you got to say it this time !, 
  this is p sweet . 
  aw man, 
  you can blame it on whatever you want but the reality is that a larger number of people immigrating from these countries become issues as opposed to people immigrating from elsewhere in the world , whether that issue is refusal to integrate , promulgation of anti-secular laws , refusal to adopt lgbt rights or outright terrorism . 
  how do you address it ? 
  that 's the question . 
  for me an immigration ban is n't the answer because it 's not what 's really upset people : i 'd say an outright moratorium on refugees and increased funding to frontline countries like spain , italy and greece to help them deal with the tide of people they 've had to deal with . 
  shit man , i 'd love to be remembered as the jedi master of anything . 
  * waves tiny spanish & portuguese flags *, 
   the leader of alde makes comments about getting romania out of the eu for the sole sake of protecting their own pockets in the face of the protests of hundreds of thousands ? 
  shall i wheel out the old argument of the man who wanted to stop paying the membership fee but still wanted access to the member 's bar ? 
  or just talk about the whiniest press on earth ? 
  paywall . 
  can we just all agree not to acknowledge the trump administration and it 's `` what crazy bullshit am i going to say today ?! '', 
  world policy ? 
  * waves tiny eu flag *, 
  it turns out i was talking about fillon instead of macron . 
  whoops !, 
  you 're right , that 's exactly what i 'm doing . 
  my bad . 
  i would certainly take macron over le pen , but did n't he get into a bit of a scandal the other day with his wife ? 
  i wonder if that 's affecting his polling yet . 
  true , i 'm speaking with experience from south down so i imagine it 's slightly different down south . 
  that 's the kind of message to send them . 
  * gorruh mai oggut * , in case anyone 's interested . 
  that one guy looks incredibly uncomfortable . 
  man that 's gorgeous . 
  i 'm not here to canvas support for an election , i 'm calling out bullshit . 
  good luck dudes !, 
   is she really that qualified though ? 
   she was gifted the position of senator because she married a president . 
  she then did a mediocre job as secretary of state ( a position she should never have had ) and then only just won a rigged primary . 
   whatever way you cut it , she was a weak candidate . 
   allowing tensions to continually rise , which is what would have happened under clinton , is not the answer . 
  i 'm sure trump wo n't get everything right , but it 's a step in the right direction . 
   i would argue the eu is dying whereas that tiny island has all the potential in the world . 
   anonymous left-wing european politician virtue signals . 
   in school a somalian kid i knew found out i support the conservatives  the uk does n't owe spiteful , disrespectful welfare-dependant somalian immigrants anything . 
  in fact , those immigrants are absurdly lucky to be here , they should show respect . 
   so , in your eyes , anything that goes wrong is because the uk voted to leave ? 
  and anything that goes right is because of the eu ? 
   and you wonder why europhiles have zero economic credibility why would * anyone * believe you ? 
  this flat-out dishonesty online , this * astroturfing * bullshit has to stop . 
  it 's another ugly side of this country that has been brought up by this odious , populous and fear-based campaign . 
  i 'm fucking sick of people changing their colours to win arguments . 
  it 's sickening . 
   most people who voted remain accept that they lost the referendum and that because we are a democracy the result should be observed . 
  few people are trying to keep us in the eu . 
  do n't believe that 's what we were arguing . 
  do you move the goalposts every time you lose ? 
  of course that 's putting aside the fact that brexiteers ca n't agree on what they voted on and - in a * democracy * - you do n't put aside your opinions because someone said to , and you * definitely * do n't encourage others to do so . 
  but then i 'm not a 1 % er so i would n't know . 
   it is currently policy in the tories , labour and ukip for us to leave the eu . 
  those parties will get an overwhelming amount of votes in the next general election . 
  the voters will be for parties supporting brexit . 
  and half the country still voted against brexit and lacks representation because of the disproportionate representation of brexit seats . 
  simple . 
  dishonest of you , and simple . 
   ireland has no influence within the eu . 
  we have some of course . 
  reductive arguing wo n't change that . 
  but the much , much more important point is that we have much , much more influence * outside * it * because * of it . 
   you specifically are british whether you like it or not and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  apart from being irish , obvi . 
   british people in the ` mainland ' wo n't tolerate irish terrorism in this day and age , the provos ( not including the loyalist paramilitaries who killed more civilians than the provos did , or the british army and ruc special branch who killed irish civilians for fun ) were almost entirely active in northern ireland . 
  your dad did n't know what the troubles * were * little guy . 
  if violence ever breaks out again because of english decisions , you should probably hope that does n't change . 
   not longer believing the tales of britain being in eternal decline like they did in the 60s , 70s and 80s . 
  hahahahahahahaha hahahaha *** hahahahahahahahaha ***  but let 's face it there wo n't be any , because the degenerate old men of the ira are all dying out and their illiterate kids ca n't even spell let alone put together a bomb . 
  i 'll start worrying when we start shooting our female mps dead in the street and burning polish families out of homes , eh mistah hitler   you ought to remember that if everyone in northern ireland and scotland voted for remain then leave would n't have gathered enough votes in total to succeed . 
  blame your own countrymen in northern ireland . 
  why ? 
  they voted to remain and they 're pursuing their interests . 
  then you can be the united kingdom of england or at least the bits of it that voted brexit . 
   it is the ridiculousness and barbaric behaviour of irish people when it comes to terms like londonderry or british isles that makes me so absolutely ashamed of my own irish ancestry . 
  if i cared i 'd cry laughing . 
  want a sausage ? 
  shaved haircut ? 
  engerland jersey to dry your tears ? 
   no , i am looking at data . 
  all data suggests that half the country is not united in opposing brexit . 
  apart from the half that voted against brexit , obvi . 
   an overwhelming number of voters would vote for parties promising brexit . 
  the 1 % er being careful about his language is truly a thing to see . 
   however you look at it , voters or seats . 
  nope , one way . 
  seats . 
  and seats disproportionately favour brexit . 
  i do n't know why i 'm upvoting but i ca n't stop myself . 
  it must be his raw animal magnetism . 
  ** tl ; dr - there 's no cure for being a cunt . 
  ** except one . 
   half the country is not united in opposing brexit . 
  you must be thinking of some other meaning of `` brexit '' then . 
   if there were a general election tomorrow , parties promising brexit would gain most of the votes . 
  constituencies versus voters .
