  i 'm enjoying watching this break down happen in public . 
  are people using that second one anywhere on earth ? 
   when brexiteers panic - the post . 
  how does one become a pdf expert ? 
  i 'm kind of charmed by how macron looks like a tv villain from the 60s . 
  when brexiteers panic - the post . 
  you and me baby , we 'll change their minds . 
  speaking of panicked brexiters , allow me to quote one , to one : it 's not about the money . 
  also , `` annex . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure you 've only seen this story in this thread . 
  super , thanks for the update . 
  as a northern irishman i appreciate when strangers give me their opinions of me . 
  ah they will , sooner or later . 
  you 're not , no . 
  you 're in favour of getting what you want . 
  your pride simply wo n't let you admit that . 
  give it a little while . 
  * waves miniature eu flag *, 
  god it 's like watching a schoolboy hearing that somebody does n't like roman reigns . 
   a sense of shared responsibility for the whole bloc , rather than `` where 's our rebate , we want ... '' god this one does n't get said enough . 
  the past few years since cameron promised this referendum have just been brexiteers coming out with the most selfish and vile personalities i 've ever seen . 
  my heart goes out to the remainers , this is them going through their bush years as far as foreign opinion goes . 
   the eu which are lets face it , soviet throwbacks . 
  it 's like a wonderful tapestry of political terminology nonsense . 
  sovreignty 's always been a big one . 
  it was * covered * in an irish newspaper , mate . 
  that and smallpox . 
  hey , there 's a lot of us ulstermen on here . 
  he just happens to be a prolific poster . 
  and dup supporting arsehole . 
  um , excuse me / u/roloetb but if our brexiteer friends have taught us anything it 's that democracy works by pandering to the slimmest of majorities and demonizing anyone who does n't disagree with you as traitors and saboteurs . 
  as a dup voter and hardline unionist i 'm presuming you only got through that `` my irish brothers '' statement by shotgunning a can of harp . 
  you 're not in the eu though . 
   yawn , this again . 
  can you give some concrete evidence for your theory ? 
  the abject disinterest of westminster towards northern ireland up to the troubles and then maligned disinterest until bill clinton and the eu got involved ? 
  to be fair they 've agreed to legally allow reunification as soon as we ( in northern ireland ) decide to do so pending a referendum . 
  it was pandering to the brexit crowd and defended by the usual suspects in here for being exactly what they wanted to hear . 
  quite possibly the least self-aware thing he 's ever done . 
  as a northern irish nationalist , being told to remember who my friends are by an english politician sounds more like a threat than a promise . 
  we wo n't hold that against you . 
  huh , til . 
  how nice to be pleasantly surprised about something our country did . 
   / r/the _ meltdown what ... is this ? 
  yeah i mean pretty much . 
  i get why he 's doing this , but apart from the segment of french speakers that will appreciate this he 's coming off as very polemic . 
  marked how ? 
  `` marked '' increase ? 
  yeah but i think the tallest anyone can build is 12 stories . 
  i 'm the guy who wants 55-story buildings , 
  nothing 's happened yet apart from a marked decrease in educated talent coming from the eu , an end to investments and scientific partnerships and a shortage of workers for the nhs . 
  give it time though , you 'll know when it hits . 
  i feel like i 'm the only dude in ireland who actually likes skyscrapers sometimes . 
  what the heck is going on with italy ? 
  the remain campaigners words of doom and gloom were , at * best * tangential to the entire enterprise . 
  the campaign , ill-run as it was , was based on expert testimony * that has seen been accurate * that *** the united kingdom only stood to lose , not to gain , from brexit . 
  *** the most outlandish claims of doom and gloom were second-hand news from * brexiters * complaining about remainers . 
  the *** entire leave platform was fearmongering . 
  *** all of it . 
  `` shut the doors from the others !, 
  take back control from the others ! '', 
  it was *** wreathed *** in fear and doused in bigotry and xenophobia and sure enough it 's supporters shot-dead a remain mp and burnt a polish family 's property * that same week . 
  glad we agree . 
   all i 'm saying is eu membership does n't mean that food is immune from contamination . 
  nobody is saying that though . 
  they 're saying meat from the eu is probably better quality than meat from brazil . 
   it 's funny you think that if i defend the english from extremist hatred and prejudice it means i must be english , that 's a pretty clear example of racism . 
  if that 's what you think racism is i 'm clearly talking to someone who 's never faced racism . 
  or possibly a dictionary . 
   i am from the uk just like you , and brexit was supported by the people of the uk , not the english . 
  sure , and brexit was opposed by the people of the uk , including the english . 
  particularly the northern irish and scottish , hence us pursuing our interests contrary to yours . 
   calling it english misrule is false and racist . 
  i 'm not sure how it 's false ? 
  if england had voted leave in sufficient numbers then each and every single person in northern ireland , scotland and wales could have voted remain and yet still be dragged against their will out of the eu by the english . 
  that 's more or less happened , so we 're opposing it . 
  i 'm not sure where your confusion comes from , i suppose . 
  these are the obvious consequences of brexit . 
  i mean , i feel like you 're trying to convince people of something but both food scandals that you listed occurred in the uk , so i 've no idea what it is . 
  you 're aware that british beef just recently got over a 20-year ban in the us because of the whole `` mad cow disease '' thing , right ? 
  as a northern irishman , they 'll probably get what they want because westminster is desperate to placate businesses post-brexit , so this is just more kindling for the fire that used to be the `` britain cares about ulster '' argument . 
   as a liberal you will literally say anything to win an argument and it is * shocking . 
  * i 'm saving this comment for the next time you drop your supposed political alignment . 
   right . 
  except , afaik , trump 's campaign is not about shutting non-whites out , and never has been . 
  i literally ca n't think of a campaign in recent history that was * more * about shutting non-whites out . 
  you 're not building a wall with canada . 
  you 're not banning entry from 7 christian nations . 
   we 're not terrified of non-whites , and that 's a lie that 's again spread by the media . 
  look around t_d , look at the trump rallies . 
  is that a joke ? 
  how many white power and kkk hats and banners have appeared at those rallies ? 
   since you are all having fun down voting me to oblivion , i 'll add this for visibility . 
  i do n't think you get how downvoting works . 
  anyhoo :  99 % macron talking was empty words , ad hominems , fallacies and `` strong france , strong euro '' ca n't understand how people can root for that . 
  i guess fear and propaganda goes a loong way . 
  this is the thing about trumpists and brexiters - your campaigns were built * entirely * on fear . 
  you 're building walls and shutting people out , you 're terrified of non-whites and think the world is falling apart and out to get you . 
  when you come out and call progressives `` fear-mongers '' it 's the most hilarious eye-rolling thing outside of wrestlemania this year . 
   well , now you 're being intentionally obtuse ... so i 'll just quote myself .
