  er , like who ? 
  also / u/trucidator 's endless false equivalencies continue . 
  i really have no idea what you 're saying mate . 
  i 'm sure you 've seen lots of polls , 
  while true , simple reality is that one position is significantly stronger than the other . 
  and spoilers , there 's a lot more british nationalism going on in these threads than the reverse . 
  half of your country was united in what it wanted and are much more active about it than the 52 % who ca n't agree on what they want . 
  that 's simple reality . 
  you brexiteers realize you dictated that policy right ? 
  of course you do n't . 
  you just believe whatever the sun tells you . 
   have fun losing your funding and privileges because you were too stupid to educate yourself !, 
  please , i 'd rather not be seen talking to you , 
  no , it 's yours . 
  because you voted for it . 
  brexiteers truly are terrified of taking responsibility for their own silly actions . 
  do n't worry , the rest of us will hold you to them . 
  based on the 48 % of the country who want to remain , presumably ? 
   how about not interfering in our election ? 
  another proud brexiteer moment . 
  if 15 % of your exports were coming to us and 45 % of ours were going to you , that might be pertinent . 
  as it is , you 're just setting yourself up for a loss . 
  and we also remember who forced the border issue on us again . 
  yet another brexit disasterpiece . 
  well done , mr. 1 % er . 
  good lord are you two ever going to make this easy for us . 
  ... these pages are just blank !, 
  you speak for less than half your country mr 1 % er . 
  lib dems will not lose any voters over reversing brexit . 
  the point at which a thing can not be criticized and improved is the point at which it is dead . 
  also the colour coding for this map is really weird . 
  dark and light red opposite green and * orange ? 
  12 is totally a good number . 
  i like it !, 
  * eagerly waves miniature eu flags *, 
  they 've literally already used this headline . 
  the british tabloids will turn this into an attack on poor , helpless britain by the big mean european union . 
  because the british tabloids are run by soulless lizards wearing mansuits . 
  promising news and positive sentiments , i hope something can be made of them !, 
  i 'm honestly surprised there 's not a lone citizen out there with a gun who 's had enough of putin 's bullshit . 
  he 's an absolute tyrant . 
   so fucking what ? 
  if britain had arbitrarily drawn borders around london , where the fuck would your country be now , shitarse ? 
   1 - the unionist population was n't going to disappear depending on borders , it would have always been there , dumbass but it would be the vast minority * you fucking mongoloid . 
  * that was the point of britain drawing the fucking borders where they did . 
   2 - you have always had the option of rejoining ireland ... honest question , are you actually reading anything i 'm saying or are you beating off into a princess diana commemorative teacup as we speak ? 
  because *** the point of britain drawing the northern irish borders where they did was to maintain as much land as they could while ensuring unionist majority . 
  ***  i 'd rather you leave , useless drunk inbred mongoloids . 
  you ca n't even pay for yourselves you scroungers . 
  i 'd happily be done with you skinhead women-shooting pole-burners and leave you to your inbred german royal family and bullingdon club pig-fuckers civil union to rule you , but until we do *** you 're going to pay for every single fucking thing we need , and make sure to smile while you do it  ***, 
  cos i do n't care about him . 
  i stated a fact - liberalism skews with education and youth , conservatism with age and ignorance . 
  i 'm not interested in having a * lefties/righties * argument grandad . 
   yes discussion ends , then . 
   you knew i meant definition so i do n't know why you just ignored what i wrote after that you 're aware you were referring a term as * i * was using it , right ? 
  you ca n't suddenly decide to talk about something completely different when you 're responding to me on a given issue . 
  well you can , but you 'd look like a pillock . 
   look at that the smarter educated person ca n't even argue back against somebody ( based on what you previously said ) is n't as smart as him . 
  i bet this sounded * really * strong in your head . 
  good for you . 
   you fucking chose to stay a part of the uk !, 
  you 've had the option of leaving the entire time , but when ireland gained independence , the unionist north stayed . 
  do n't blame us for you staying , dumbass . 
  your level of ignorance fucking * astonishes * me . 
  ** britain created the border . 
  ** [ the borders were intentionally drawn to retain as much land as possible while maintaining a unionist majority , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partition_of_ireland ) you fucking clown . 
  do a * sliver * of fucking research before you open your mouth , for god 's sake . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  skinheads , you silly cunt . 
  presumably whoever employs you to sit around rolling alt accounts . 
  you think [ *** liberalism *** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism#early_history ) is an american term ? 
   anyway we all know that these left wing governments are amazing , i mean why else would people vote for them ? 
  i mean look at the amazing labour government of the 70s in britain that left the country in a fucking tip ? 
  how about all those amazing socialist parties that people vote for ? 
  as history shows socialist parties are by far the best leading to pure economic bliss and not at all ruined economies . 
  i call this performance piece * `` uptight substitute teacher reaching out to the kids . 
  i do n't doubt it , but i agree with / u/catman5 when he said nothing will change with voting . 
  speaking from local history , if northern ireland had n't erupted into the bloody and awful violence it did , catholics and nationalists still would n't have equal housing rights or representation in government and the national police force would still be used as a tool of oppression . 
  that had to escalate to severe strife and change had to come from force , because the powerholders were not interested in changing peacefully . 
  hell , many still are n't . 
  no actually the union we decided to remain in was the one you nutters are trying to drag us out of . 
  we have n't had a vote on whether to remain in england 's `` united kingdom '' yet , but ohhhh , just you wait for it mate . 
  the thought of being done with skinhead knuckledraggers and little engerlanders who created and broke this country in the first place with the odious love of empire is almost within our grasp !, 
  then we 'll both be happy and you can go back to being the british empire ( of england and wales . ), 
  but until then , you 're damn right you 're going to be paying us . 
  you brake it , you pay for it . 
  liberalism skews heavily with youth and education , conservatism with age and lack of education . 
  which is why there are checks and balances against them . 
  such as supermajority requirements for constitutional amendments ( an example plucked purely from the ether , i assure you ) and protection of the minority . 
  all curiously , venomously absent from the `` crush the saboteurs '' brexiteers . 
  sorry , that 's for us to decide , not you . 
  thankfully our elected representatives are protecting our interests and we can soon put this silly , oppressive `` unitary state '' behind us and we 'll all be happier . 
  your argument is completely fictitious . 
  you settled on a definition of `` tyranny of the majority '' that you liked and tried to hope nobody would notice . 
  so you 'd think . 
  they 're pro-eu , pro-lgbt , pro-united ireland ( which i 've found myself feeling very strongly about after brexit ) and generally the most liberal and progressive party in policy , particularly regarding things like education and infrastructure . 
  no , it 's literally tyranny of the majority . 
  because you idiots keep defending the tyranny of the majority ? 
  you 'd think that 'd be a self-answering question , what with you defending it and all . 
  oh how i envy you .
