   okay then , let me rephrase : anyone who needed the help of the eu to love europe is deserving of pity . 
  does that work for you ? 
  that 's still not his arguement . 
  is this actually something you 're unable to deal with ? 
  his arguement was that the eu helped him fall in love with europe . 
  he does n't describe it as being necessary at all , that 's just you . 
   and obviously , the belief that without the lisbon treaty or maastricht or even rome , there would be no french wines on the shelves and no possibility of travelling to the code d'azur or living in berlin is absolutely and utterly insane . 
  i agree , which is why i boggle at you listing it * a second time * when he has n't said this . 
  it 's just a food thing . 
  bundesministerium * is * very fun to say . 
  [ i 've already told you . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/612ruo/the_eu_is_60_and_it_helped_my_generation_fall_in/dfbm9qq/?context=3 )  your argument was a strawman because it was n't what the author was arguing . 
  he stated the eu , and we 're going all the way down to the title here , `` helped my generation fall in love with europe . '', 
  so you 're either intentionally misrepresenting him by saying it was `` needed '' to love europe , or just being a bizarre kind of snob . 
   i wanted to agree with you but you 're making it hard . 
  then i will try harder !, 
  < 3  did n't you start by saying that europe is unworthy of love because of the negative aspects of its history ? 
  my original implication was that nothing is inherently worthy of love just because it `` is . '', 
  it 's what they do that matters . 
  europe ( or britain ) is n't worthy of adulation just because it 's europe , it 's worthy of it because it 's attempting things that have never been attempted before and earnestly striving for success , while achieving a commendable measure of it across all fields . 
  for / u/jooana this is n't admirable because it 's `` cloying '' ( the only definitive answer the poster gave to ... anything in the article ) . 
  that 's not sufficient criticism to disband the union to me . 
   as a pro-eu icelandic , i do find your position untenable and , worse than that , dispiriting . 
  that 's not my position , but putting that aside i do n't hold my position to make it tenable to you ( no offence ) . 
  my position has to satisfy * me , * and that 's what it does . 
  i 'm not trying to sway you one way or the other . 
  if you agree with me great , if you do n't i doubt we 'll fight over it . 
   i strongly dislike nationalisms but it seems that more and more europeans are becoming `` eu-nationalists '' . 
  i 'm not sure why they believe that 's better than any other form of nationalism . 
  i do n't agree with you ( see brexit , le pen ) but the benefit of pan-nationalism is it 's by it 's nature open and welcoming . 
  it 's a forgiving , progressive sort of sentiment that 's appealing to a lot . 
  becoming a powerful nation in a world of powerful nations is of obvious benefit too , particularly when , unlike china for example , that body cares for human rights , labour laws , fighting corruption and judicial accountability . 
  i.e , it is moral , rational and secular . 
  i love the way he 's got media magnates in quotations , as if he does n't believe in them . 
   again , how is that a strawman ? 
  because you were n't attacking his arguement , you made up an arguement , attributed it to him , and attacked that . 
  the very actual definition of a strawman . 
   perhaps learn the very basics of grammar before attempting that snarky embittered thing ? 
  i appreciate that you 've got an appearance to keep up with mrs. bucket , but perhaps you should learn the very basics of grammar before attempting that snarky embittered thing ? 
  i think you 've gotten the wrong end of the stick here , but here we go :  right so south america the continent that started off with sacrificing people to their gods and have now moved on to murdering each over over cocaine and football , er , holy fuck . 
   a continent that whenever it manages to get a country with a functioning democracy going ... it get 's shut down by north americans , north america , started off with multiple warring tribes that were almost wiped out by settlers that imported other people to use as farming equipment ... absurd you 're equating these with both world wars , the holodomor , the 100 years war , the 30 years war , the million other little wars and invasions and what-have-yous ? 
  putting that aside , do n't get bent out of shape . 
  i 'm praising europe here . 
  i feel like i just put down a copy of * the telegraph . 
  * time to go for a jog and cleanse my system , i think . 
   what happened to the strawman ? 
  the strawman was your argument . 
  this was mine . 
  was that too much information for you all at once ? 
  ok , for your benefit i 'll keep this short and sweet for you :  you claimed i was resorting to strawmen - in a distastefully childish passive-aggressive way , but alas ; when challenged to explain why , you start a rant about something else ? 
  you were attacking a man who spoke of how his love for europe was introduced and inflamed by the eu by saying if he needed it then he was to be pitied . 
  but europe holds no intrinsic value and has frequently been the least hospitably habited place on earth . 
  it 's the aspirations of it 's people that make it worthy of praise , and the union is a major part of that . 
   you may believe europe is worthy of love or not - that does n't make my point a strawman . 
  au contraire , my point could n't be less of a strawman as it directly addresses the argument advanced by the writer - that the eu is needed for some people to fall in love with europe . 
  every argument you disagree with . 
  your argument was a strawman because it was n't what the author was arguing . 
  he stated the eu , and we 're going all the way down to the title here , `` helped my generation fall in love with europe . '', 
  so you 're either intentionally misrepresenting him by saying it was `` needed '' to love europe , or just being a bizarre kind of snob . 
   that said , and assuming you now understand how stupid was your `` strawman '' shriek :  its nature * . 
  and what the heck is europe `` by its nature '' ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  what is europe 's `` nature '' ? 
  is it different than africa 's nature or america 's nature ? 
  is it some distinguishing characteristic that europe - and other continents - have naturally ? 
  was it given to them in the primordial soup ? 
  protip : flowery prose does not substantiate dearth of substance or ability . 
   its nature * . 
  possessive function . 
   and the opposite too . 
  it was always the birthplace of modern civilization , democracy , the modern concept of individual freedom , freedom of speech and religion , physics , philanthropy , symphonies , haute cuisine , churchill and recreational yachting . 
  indeed it has , and yet more accomplished since . 
  we 'll forgive it for churchill as we forgave it for cromwell and speak no more of it . 
   that argument is just utter silly . 
  people can love europe in spite of horrible historical episodes - in the past , and , if history is a guide , they will likely happen again in the future - just like one can love germany in spite of two murderous totalitarian ideologies like nazism and communism being born there , or china in spite of the recurrent massacres of millions and mao 's cultural revolution , or japan in spite of a long history of xenophobia and imperialism , or africa in spite of the terrible governance , or mexicon in spite of the aztec tradition of human sacrifices . 
  or britain in spite of centuries of invasion , occupation , oppression , misrule , penal subjugation , internment , genocide , the poll tax and brexit . 
  was there a point to this ? 
  because there does n't seem to be one . 
  progressiveness is what he 's lauding in the article , and progressiveness is what moves past the , er , past . 
   europe had plenty periods of peace and prosperity before the eu , let alone the current formulation of the eu , which is less than 10 years old . 
  i 'd strongly suggest you to pick up a history book . 
  the idea that it was the eu that brought piece to europe is beyond bizarre . 
  your reading comprehension is truly worrying , but your strawman building skills truly praiseworthy . 
  between the start of this article and now you 've feigned knowledge of your own argument and manufactured one each for me and the author that neither of us ever uttered . 
  presumably this passes mustard with the telegraph crowd . 
   talk about cloying . 
  i 'll take cloying for that . 
  i do n't really mind if a country-club type turns up her nose admiration for a worthy cause . 
   that sounds like something out of a caricatural villain dictator in a comedy film . 
  i 'm not sure if your book of tabloid journo tropes has been updated since the silent era . 
   stylistic issues aside , the point is that anyone who thinks that did n't exist till 10 years ago , and there 's another strawman , taking our tally to 3 . 
   the eu is just a political arrangement - a not particularly good one that was imposed up-down - and like most in that mold , will likely fail . 
  let 's hope it fails in a peaceful way and not like others where pieces of rhetoric like `` spirit of togetherness and brotherhood '' were common , like , say , the former yugoslavia . 
  if it handles this theoretical brexigeddon with the grace that the uk is handling it 's secession crisis then we 'll at least have stability after a body concerned with the well-being of it 's citizens and it 's science leaves a lasting impact on it 's successor states . 
  of course there 's every chance it * wo n't * by brought embarrassing low by - and this is the staggering part - the lies of media magnates , hostile foreign states and tabloid journos , so there 's hope for us all yet . 
   strong suggestion , as it 's hard to get back in time to check how things were before a free-trade agreement metastize into the expensive hot mess the eu is today : visit switzerland . 
  or norway . 
  endless smearing with zero basis . 
  the english rightwing journo ; the bane of productive discourse . 
  do n't interrupt me when i 'm dismantling you .
