   agreed , the growth is n't because of brexit , but what 's important is that we are maintaining this growth despite predictions that we would not . 
  and again / u/blussy96 lies about this and again he is reminded that the predictions for economic decline were predicated upon article 50 being enacted immediately , as the prime minister said he would . 
  has article 50 been enacted and the point of no-return passed , / u/blussy96 ? 
  or will you finally admit your folly ? 
  poor old stewart lee must be spinning in his grave right now . 
   no not really because my point had nothing to do with the eu . 
  except that you 're talking about all the fdi your country will get now that it 's leaving the eu ? 
   the protectionist and sometimes racist fear of certain fdi has been prevalent in some continental countries for decades . 
  they had the same fear of japanese investment at one point as some have of chinese investment these days . 
   so unless you think i voted for brexit and it was because i am scared of foreign investment than everything you have written is pointlessly inane . 
  nothing you say has anything to do with anything else you say . 
  why are you talking about `` you think i voted for brexit because i 'm scared of foreign investment '' ? 
  when did * that * come up ? 
   tagged as boredom troll - colour maroon . 
  you 're kinda odd . 
  i think you 've realized you 're not making any sense and just decided to go all defensive . 
  i 'm asking questions about why you seemed to brag about all the foreign direct investment you 'd be getting ( and that the eu is scared of it , despite you saying ireland 's good at attracting it ) but then go on to say you 'd lose some leaving the eu . 
   also , very heroic indeed . 
  nsfw that please . 
  why did you bring it up if you 're going to see a reduction in it ? 
   really ? 
   the irish excel at attracting it . 
   foreign direct investment do we ? 
  even though we 're part of the eu ? 
   austerity , i mean , that might be the problem right there . 
  what a plague on the working man this concept has been . 
   it 'll be staffed by brits . 
  if china send the signal to shut it down to hurt us , they 'll just ignore it . 
  and then those brits will lose their jobs , and then other brits will have to sue them on the chinese owners behalf in british courts , and then the british taxpayer will have to pay the chinese owner for the disruption caused by the shutdown . 
   or we 'll send in the police , and take forced ownership of the plant . 
  you are out in * space . 
   fdi what 's that ? 
  lol, 
  oh , so northern ireland will be staying in it then ? 
  super . 
  i 'm the guy in favour of federalization , an edf and shutting the door to refugees . 
  do n't know who you are . 
  is there much protest against erdogan ? 
  virtually nothing is picked up on the international media apart from that fake ( ? ), 
  coup attempt . 
   you 're anti-brit , you wo n't deny . 
  i will . 
  here i am , denying it . 
   i do n't believe you at all , sorry . 
  i do n't care ? 
   i know plenty of irish , do you treat them better than this or is this just because i 'm speaking out of line , master ? 
   especially as that 's where my family are from and i 've never heard any of them say anything of the sort . 
  that 'd make you english , then . 
   it 's funny though , it 's always people like you who sit on reddit complaining about the uk who seem to always experience racism . 
  you 're completely right . 
  it 's normally people who experience racism in the uk who complain about racism in the uk , and it 's normally people like you who attack them for damaging your fetishized view of your own country . 
  what 's the sentiment from most people ? 
  the beach may have girls , but all they drop are panties . 
  most of the time they 're not even purple . 
  some of you people are * well * into validating my argument . 
   if you have an irish accent then you 're talking 100 % absolute fiction . 
  your posting history is full of anti-english propaganda . 
  your lies become even more apparent in this post : you must have a very fetishized view of your country if you think i 'm intentionally having to make this up to make you feel bad . 
   ` toffy ' people are some of the least likely to dish out such abuse or wave flags or even vote for brexit . 
  they certainly would n't insult the irish of all people . 
  not in my experience or even those of others in this very thread . 
   your tapestry of lies is exposed for all to see . 
  wow . 
  and the troll is blocked . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  there is , it 's called the european union . 
  external negotiations are handled through brussels . 
  that 's why the uk legally ca n't deal with any other states until it actions article 50 - it literally does n't have any negotiatiors . 
  they represent the eu in brussels . 
  that 's how we do business . 
  your president 's man suddenly floating the idea to `` pick us off '' is incredibly insulting to someone you purport to be allies with . 
  if we offered florida and the big 3 states special deals to pull out of the us you 'd be , to put it mildly , upset . 
  you 'd be more offended by the thought that they 'd consider it . 
  and even * more * offended that a supposed ally is offering this to you . 
  and then you remember their president is actually putin 's man , and you just all turn to drink . 
  i think you 're pretty cute < 3, 
  i think you 're being a little bit pedantic . 
  / u/pelin0re was obviously using spb and moscow as an example to illustrate france 's nuclear capability , not suggesting that in the event of them actually launching the nukes they 'd only target those two cities as opposed to say russia 's known launch-sites or stockpiles . 
  france has several hundred nukes , which is more than enough to turn every russian city into * stalker . 
  i presumed it was just because it was a `` toffy '' kind of town which was a bit up it 's own rear-end with the flag-waving thing . 
  which is also my general impression of brexit to be completely honest , the two seem very close companions in my experience . 
  polls have people opposing war since the romantic era . 
  had it been down to the people the uk would not have gone to war with germany over poland . 
  that 's obviously the same case today . 
  that 's the advantage of a dictatorship - you can not only go to war , you can say the people are on your side . 
  who 's going to oppose you ? 
   nuking moscow and st petersburg is not mad just fyi . 
  nuclear warfare between nuclear states is mad . 
  i mean if it * is n't * i 'm not sure what you think * is . 
  russia is not going to instigate world war 3 over a war of aggression . 
  stop moving the goalposts and accept you were wrong . 
  i hope so . 
  the people we assumed to be our allies are treating us like carrion . 
  that 's not a feeling i want anyone else to endure . 
  chester . 
  this is some bizarre supervillain shit . 
  imagine if we offered better trade deals to new york , california and texas in order to pull them out of a union that benefits them ? 
  how do you think the average american would act then ? 
  this is treating allies as subhuman . 
  this is really , * really * foul .
