  nobody 's asking you hawk . 
  your `` we '' does not exist . 
   but understand that without discussing future trade you do n't have much leverage left to get anything from the exit deal . 
  which saves the uk a lot of money . 
    money we can then put up as leverage for a trade deal , once the eu are struggling to pay for everything , as no member is willing to pay more in or take less out of the budget . 
  because that 's how much the eu project reallymeans to the r27 . 
  it 's times like these were we get reminded that brexiteers are literally people who take their political advice from the sun and the daily mail and honestly believe it works in the real world . 
   that is n't a fact and you know it . 
  what is n't ? 
   i would wager theresa may will prove to be less pragmatic than people think . 
  generally speaking you view pragmatism as a bad thing ? 
  the dogmatics are those that provide 50 % of the posting in every brexit thread , mssrs trucidator and heknarf . 
  britain campaigned and lobbied to host these agencies . 
  the uk 's duty of care will be met , whether you personally agree with the bill or not . 
  pleading ignorance is not a compelling defence , particularly when you had been given so much expert advice before you committed the deed . 
  curious that britain sought to deprive so many of that right for so long , then . 
   his accent is still noticeable but not hugely so . 
  his vocabulary and grammar is impeccable though from what i looked up just now . 
  well that 's what you want as opposed to the reverse . 
  i remember the uk had an ambassador who spoke impeccable french in the crispest , clearest oxbridge accent you could ever want to hear . 
  presumably it 's just political gamesmanship to encourage a harder line on islamic terrorism . 
   the eu is doing this really weird thing whereby they have very little leverage ( since we want to be outside the single market ) and yet they 're asking for # 80bn from us . 
  the central flaw of the brexit campaign - half of you did n't vote for it , and the half that did do n't agree on what they voted for . 
  oh please , you pay america for your defense , as do we all . 
   uk will continue to be an example of liberal democracy to the eu - one of the few european countries that did not succumb to extremism over the last century . 
  your prime minister says she takes direct dictation from god , has implemented the harshest curbs on civil liberties in the western world with more to come , and has treated a referendum based on alternative-facts with a 2 % majority as a mandate . 
  also , you were one of the few examples of liberal democracy that invaded iraq without provocation and bombed them into the middle ages . 
  i 'd perhaps not be so cavalier with my crowing . 
  you can leave however you like as long as you honour your commitments . 
  this is the argument of a child . 
  they are moving because of your actions . 
  your own people are already upset about this , i ca n't imagine why you 'd be as silly to think that anyone else would foot the bill for them . 
  divided as the uk is , it will at least honour it 's obligations . 
  you might personally dislike this being a hardline brexiteer , but that 's the direct consequence of your own mistake . 
  this is what reality feels like . 
  you 'll pay for them , wherever they go , as they are being forced to move because of your actions . 
  now you as / u/trucidator can argue this till you are blue in the face , but that is what is going to happen . 
  oh , this is an easy one : no . 
  * state sanctioned logging in a world heritage site ? 
  * what the actual fuck ? 
   `` god that must be a new sensation for you '' , from there . 
  that 's based upon the apologies , not upon your nationality . 
   as you say , i 'm swiss . 
  i have to take ownership for broken stupid shit in my country , at least more so than an american who at least votes intelligently . 
  we 're a small country , our democracy is far more engaged and direct than most , we have a referendum mechanism , and our government is highly devolved . 
  so when something 's fucked up , yeah , it may not be my fault , but i would have far more opportunity to change it if it 's important enough to me . 
  appreciated . 
   the americans have a constitutionally embedded electoral college , which they embedded . 
  this is also something that they are aware there is a problem with but have failed to change . 
  it 's exactly the same issue with fptp in the uk . 
  failure to divest yourself of a malady lends responsibility . 
   your comments about `` who kept it in place '' and `` excuses '' are unfair cheap shots . 
  then blame no-one and nothing ever gets done . 
  if you do n't hold the people and the politicians accountable for their actions then you might as well throw the whole thing away . 
  what a shame , he was my favourite bond as a kid . 
  a real clever gent too by all accounts . 
  where are you getting `` i think you 're american '' from ? 
  your flair says switzerland . 
  i 'm not arguing against that . 
  hate is easy . 
  and blocked . 
  i 'm good with it . 
  abortion laws are on the way out , the irish water scandal were n't appointed by the public , and the rest i 'm not yet upset enough about to murder anyone for . 
  look at that - i 'm not trying to pass the buck on to anyone else . 
  god that must be a new sensation for you . 
  oh , sorry , `` your friend . '', 
  ah that patented merit-free last-wordism . 
  so just endless excuses . 
  again mate , do n't care . 
  hence me being free to mock at the mistakes of idiots while they complain that nobody told them they were making mistakes . 
  but please keep responding and keeping my good mood topped up while you get more and more upset that you do n't know simple facts . 
  nobody 's a brexiteer these days . 
  who kept it in place ? 
  hey !, 
  what 'd we do ? 
  yeah that seems incredible to me . 
  the chances of us leaving are slim to none . 
  you can put real thought into arguing the sky is green , but it ai n't . 
  is it really an undercurrent when the very post you are responding to displays it ? 
  this is a textbook case of a redditors posts following him around when he wishes they would n't . 
  good on you mate . 
  it 's easy to be against something when you 've been given a public platform for doing so . 
  it 's less easy to validate that opinion or propose an alternative , which is why brexit promised all things to all people and has delivered ( and will deliver ) on none of them . 
  immigration , whatever `` sovereignty '' is to john daily-mail-reader , all of it . 
  always liked the portuguese , so i did . 
  hoo daddy did i not expect to see a moorcock shout-out today !, 
  again - and please listen to me here - i do n't give a fuck if you believe me or not . 
  it is not my place to educate you on your ignorance . 
  i have been arguing in good faith for years on brexit and i am tired dealing with the same staggering level of ignorance again and again and again . 
  i am happily emigrated and removed from this nonsense . 
  it is now my pleasure to mock that ignorance . 
  and again , it does n't matter to me if you agree or not - go do your own fucking homework . 
  or do n't . 
  again - it just amuses me . 
  where are the studies showing this prevents electoral fraud ? 
  yes , get out and vote for an opposition that does n't represent you and a government that actively hates you . 
  good fucking luck , you 're going to need it . 
  '' twas the length the king could spit on the day he was inventing arbitrary measurements . 
  holy fuck . 
  okay so yes you are nailing your colours to the mast to protect your own ignorance on the british economy because you were exposed to a term coined in a report that you mistook for commonplace while attempting to sound experienced in a point .
