  the trend is clear - to decrease alcohol price per volume , simply increase the slavic content . 
  i do n't fear them , i want actions taken against russian interference abroad . 
  their country is going to collapse once putin pops his clogs anyway . 
  dude i 'm totally stoked for any eu sciency shit . 
  space exploration is my jam , holmes !, 
  ha , you sure * jo cox 'd * me there , english guy !, 
  yes but he 'll be dead . 
  just have him killed then . 
  holy shit this looks like a movie . 
  we 've got this guy who 's been a real pain in the arse , name 's nigel . 
  now if you could just see your way to `` removing '' him from office we could probably get started ... 
  a couple years after they attacked them , right ? 
  england never did anything like that , right ? 
   spain never attacked napoleonic france . 
  i ` ma just quote you here  in the war of the first coalition , spain declared war on the newly formed french republic , joined the coalition in attempting to restore the bourbon monarchy . 
  i mean naw they just attacked france when napoleon was * in it . 
  it 's not official anywhere danish bacon . 
  if you 've got something saying otherwise i 'd be happy to see it . 
  those are less expert opinions than they are sentence fragments / u/mr-oldfart decided to say . 
  that 's a moronic comparison , but hey you do whatever you want . 
   that 's a moronic comparison , tailor every arguement to your audience . 
  you can call them british if you like in the same manner that i can call england `` america 's slave . '', 
  while i would be broadly correct , it would a ) be an unofficial name and b ) would piss a lot of english off given that you 've failed to provide official documentation to the contrary i 'm happy to presume your little tirade is motivated by your nationalism and happily leave you to stew in your own juices . 
  and there 's another attack . 
  / u/muyuu seems to have an acute inferiority complex or a very short fuse . 
  even if it offends your sensisbilities ( and given you bringing my irishness into this as a negative i 'm sure nobody wants anything to do with * those * sensibilities ) , the name is n't official anywhere . 
  i 'm fully open to you providing official documentation proving me wrong . 
  surely you have at least one , right ? 
  i 'll be right here waiting for you to provide it . 
  take all the time you need , okay ? 
  pathetic . 
  at least have the stones to stand by your own words . 
  that comment was the second of two attacks you made against that user . 
  do better in future or restrain yourself from schoolyard attacks , thanks . 
  even if you really , * really * want it to be , wikipedia is n't official policy anywhere . 
  [ especially when one of the first links is to this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ), 
  you understand the concept of one figure being larger than another right . 
   lets remind you what you actually replied to , shall we ? 
  i do n't understand how people manage to get so fucking lost when reading a comment thread . 
  it 's all there to see . .  i 've indulged you all i plan to on your willful attempt to mislead . 
  you can continue to double-back if you like , but i 'll be ignoring it in future . 
   no , the submission is about that . 
  this comment thread is about this independent article that op posted in a comment . . you 're defending two mistakes now . 
  good grief put less effort into embarrassing yourself and have the simple grace to admit your fault . 
  if you have something of merit to say then do so , otherwise do n't expect further indulgences from me on your truly cringeworthy bravado . 
   i 've never once heard about south africa being included in the bric countries . 
  oh they 're not . 
  they 've officially been in brics for 6 years though and have chaired a summit and been intimately involved in literally every discussion involving brics since their inclusion . 
  i appreciate you read the first line of the wikipedia article mind you . 
   i honestly thought the 's ' was just pluralising it . 
   oh stop it , if you knew what bric was you knew the proper term was brics . 
  that 's an end of it . 
   so the title of the article is really a load of shit . 
  we 're not tumbling because of brexit . 
  we 're tumbling because gigantic population developing countries are , well , developing . 
  you 're getting your threads mixed up . 
  the article is about ireland 's relationship with the uk . 
  i 'm not sure why your alt account is having such trouble understanding this but i 'll explain it as i would to a child for you . 
  you were previously paying a small bill . 
  you will now be paying a significantly larger one , or you country will suffer directly because of your actions . 
  i 'm sure that must feel awful , but it 's what you voted for . 
  and now i 'll block your alt account . 
  if you 'd like to continue this you 'll have to have the balls to post on your main . 
  but we both know you wo n't . 
  i 'll just repeat what i said  they are . 
  they , like the rest of the eu , would like a sense of direction . 
   more accurately , they would like a sense that there is a direction . 
   currently there is none . 
  also would you like to continue this on your main account instead of the alt one you rolled 4 hours ago ? 
  or did you not think anyone would notice ? 
   not want the stain to stick to your main account ? 
  i 'm so happy that you 've accidentally supported my arguement that i wo n't even complain that that 's a torygraph article . 
  edit : i 've blocked / u/kai03 because he 's a 3-hour old troll account . 
  he 's free to continue speaking with me on his main account , 
  you will be picking up several extremely large bills that you previously were n't . 
  i 'm not sure why this is confusing you . 
  you voted on it . 
  i 'm not doubting you ( because that supports my arguement in a massive way ) but do you have a source for that ? 
  that 's perfectly fine as long as we 're clear those people are using an unofficial term . 
  i could call slovenia slave-austria but that would simply make me a ) incorrect and b ) a dick simply for the sake of convenience . 
  you either care about the opinions of others or you do n't . 
  that 's the definition of brics ( you 've decided to leave out south africa because of their recent and pronounced economic problems , but we 'll use the proper definition of the term ) . 
  i asked him to explain his statement and what it has to do with anything in a thread about the british economy tumbling . 
  they would seem to be unrelated to all but petty whataboutists , no ? 
  it 's not , literally anywhere . 
  unless you 're counting stormfront , which would explain a bit . 
  let 's be clear ; there 's no equivalency with `` rooting it through the eu , '' you will be picking up a tab that you previously were n't for no benefit and it will be significantly larger than you paid to the eu , or those regions of the uk will ( much more likely ) go massively underfunded . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  good to know you 'll do whatever the electorate says though . 
  perhaps you could join some sort of social democratic party and get people to go along with it ? 
  i think that happened once before . 
  you know , infallible will of the electorate and all . 
  indeed it is , now would you like explain his statement for him ? 
  ooh , that 's an interesting list of regions in the uk that depend upon european union funding , thanks , that 'll be very helpful in future . 
  can i get a source for them too ? 
  they are . 
  they , like the rest of the eu , would like a sense of direction . 
  more accurately , they would like a sense that there * is * a direction . 
  currently there is none .
