  humble brag - over here ( i work in toronto now ) were getting blanket legalization of weed , on the federal level , july 1st next year . 
  we are going to make * so much money * and pull power away from dealers and destigmatize a harmless intoxicant . 
  it makes so much fucking sense . 
  i 'm already looking to invest in future dispensaries in downtown t.o, 
  yeah i mean it 's really not a patch on most hard liquor . 
  well obviously . 
  the arguement against it was nonsensical and anti-fact and the people who proposed and supported it have crumbled under the weight of their own terribleness . 
  get it together , people  :[, 
  well considering the only other post in this thread is an englishman making a tit of himself , i 'll just say thats obvious and move on . 
   how to defeat your own argument in one easy sentence ( that op hopes you 'll ignore ! ), 
  george bernard shaw fucking loved the idea of a dictatorship . 
  his trip to the soviet union was meticulously managed without his knowledge and included a meeting with stalin , who dialed up the charm to 11 for the famous playwright . 
  he then proceeded to go back home and rant and rail against  `` the continuing misrepresentation of soviet achievements : `` no lie is too fantastic , no slander is too stale ... for employment by the more reckless elements of the british press . '', 
  he used his still extremely-potent wit and penmanship to defend one of the worst ongoing situations in europe , pretty much becoming the poster-boy for the term `` useful idiot . '', 
  he 'd openly defend stalin and mussolini and it 's widely understood he by then believed dictatorships as being the only tenable system of governance . 
  in his defense he certainly * was n't * an * idiot , * but his admiration of lenin in particular had been well-known as well as his distrust of the press and both were expertly played upon . 
  he was also in his 70s at this point and starting to suffer from ill-health . 
  let me spoil that for you ; they will not pull it off . 
  ah sure that old sweetheart . 
  the fact that you are inventing a policy called `` national suicide '' show be a red flag for how baseless your argument is . 
   that is n't even true . 
  you do realize that poland and other countries also pay the eu money ? 
  they receive back more money than they pay of course , how to defeat your own argument in one easy sentence ( that op hopes you 'll ignore ! ), 
  literally everything else is just your own fact-free punditry you 've included to try and distract from your incorrect position . 
  disregarded . 
  it means you 're an alt-account . 
   those ` massive benefits ' are n't free . 
  that 's the point of the argument . 
   people always seem to forget that this is an exchange . 
  and it 's an uneven one . 
  they get massively more than they put in . 
  this is n't a criticism - this is reality . 
  you can either accept that or stand there and argue at clouds . 
   if bruxelles wants to put sanctions and stop the moneys , then poland can stop providing german businesses with access to their market then poland will get the worst of that deal by magnitudes . 
  on top of that the polish people are massively more in favour of the eu than their government is . 
  this is idiotic advice . 
   and bring polish human and intellectual capital back home . 
  no , they ca n't . 
  you really do n't know what you 're talking about , do you ? 
   security concerns and visa policies are the main drawbacks seeing as nobody seems to be clicking on the article . 
  10 a month ? 
  that does n't seem so bad . 
  er , giving them massive benefits and expecting them to follow eu principles ? 
  they 've already got populist leaders . 
   not being in line with / r/europe agenda . 
  posts like this are just plain embarassing . 
  edit : and shock-horror , it 's from an alt-account . 
  i 'm not sure where you got your education on this but last i checked somalia had n't yet completed it 's eu accession plan . 
  presumably though you guys who argue that the uk can replace eu trade with `` african farmers , who have been oppressed by eu regs for so long ( ??? ) '', 
  while also saying `` vote leave !, 
  turkey 's joining the eu ! '', 
  will eventually figure out how to do at least * one * thing about it . 
  probably should n't have voted for him then . 
  probably should realize racism is n't a compelling argument . 
  probably should realize immigrants are net contributors to the economy . 
  you know , common sense stuff . 
  you did n't , no . 
  you simply claim you did despite ardently arguing for brexit because you think it helps you win internet arguments . 
  / u/hawkuk is a hardline brexiter and not representative of british citizens . 
  david cameron had 7 years to enact eu resolutions to massively curb immigration , but chose not to . 
  as did john major . 
  sorry , your narrative just does n't exist . . 
  that 's not a huge sacrifice and the british public are fine with it . 
  in fact , half of them voted for it . 
  brexiters . 
  do they ever stop whining ? 
  no , that 's you admitting you ca n't carry your argument . 
  the critical issue was the arbitrary partition of the country in the first place . 
  northern ireland did n't exist until 1921 when britain drew a line around us in the north of the country , grabbing as much land as they could while ensuring a significant loyal unionist majority who ended up running the most oppressive and sectarian state these isles have seen . 
  which for the half of us in the north that are n't loyalists has been a real bunch of laughs let me tell you . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's the absolute pig 's ear the tories have made of the country that 's unacceptable . 
  you are so predictably bad at accepting criticism or even simply arguing your point , good grief . 
  [ it 's a point of concensus . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_prince#interpretation_of_the_prince_as_political_satire_or_as_deceit ) if you want to argue that it 's up to you . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're resorting to fantasy to validate this `` secessionist '' narrative you 're trying to push . 
  that should probably tell you something about the quality of it . 
   i agree , their nationality really does n't matter . 
  but the whole topic of brexit had been that these people are coming here , not integrating , being muslim and all different than the local culture . 
   in that context , and taking those views into account , then the issue is not about job qualifications , but `` social and cultural '' proximity . 
  zimbabwe might be an exception as it 's an english speaking country , but i think there is n't much room for debate on whether eastern europe is much more closer culturally with the uk , rather than india or pakistan . 
   eu has higher education standards , plain and simple . 
  recruiting somebody from the third world is a lot more paperwork and you should check what skills they really have . 
  other posters have already answered this pretty succinctly . 
  i 'd honestly be interested in seeing a breakdown of those numbers if you have one . 
  i 'd no idea there were more zimbabwean nurses than irish ones in the uk . 
  * you 've * endangered the peace by initiating this brexit nonsense and fed it by entering into government with sectarian bigots in direct defiance of the good friday agreement . 
  the sheer stupidity of you trying to blame these actions on anyone else is nothing short of cringeworthy . 
  if he is i would n't know because i have him blocked too . 
  it 's reunification . 
  that reunification necessitates secession . 
  you described it simply as  a secessionist movement which is dishonest . 
  the goal is n't simply * to secede ; * the goal is irish reunification . 
  secession from the uk is merely a part of that process . 
  this is not a convincing argument . 
  * the prince * was a work of satire . 
  yeesh , that 's just cringeworthy . 
  nobody outside of us here in norn iron has ever had to deal with the dup before , and the english do n't have the troubles on their school curriculums . 
  the first is understandable , the second is pretty baffling . 
  good ?
