`` old stoneface '' vimes , ancestor of his grace , his excellency , the duke of ankh ; commander sir samuel vimes of the ankh-morpork city watch . 
  the highest compliment i can pay him is that terry pratchett modeled a minor character after him . 
  minus the genocide , of course . 
  napoleon is a staggeringly unique figure , monstrously capable , and thoroughly more worthy of memory than any of his contemporaries , whether wellington or wellesley . 
  to essentially beat back the greedy and insecure royal vulture of britain and everywhere else again and again for decades and essentially preserve modern democracy from outdated ( or in some countries , still current ) monarchy systems is incredible . 
  yeah there 's precisely zero chance of me ever doing that . 
  and through it all the penal laws and oppression remained in one form or another . 
  it was a period of pronounced incentive to leave . 
  that is literally what it is called . 
  plus our beer is plentiful and our women are not unreasonably harsh . 
  it 's actually about exactly what taiwan has , which is the closest populated island of this size ( i think ? ), 
  keep buying him drinks until he 's singing * my lovely horse * in a mcdonald 's at 5am to a crowd of confused asians . 
  everyone 's got to have a hobby . 
  i do n't blame english people who are n't taught about cromwell 's crimes for not knowing , but i 've a hard time reconciling the attitudes of the people making the curriculums . 
  if hitler 's wars had never come home to germany would the german people only be taught about his reform policies ? 
  cromwell was , undoubtedly , one of the most fascinating people to ever arise in british history . 
  a man of deep and legitimate religious faith , stringent humility ( `` warts and all '' ) who accomplished completely unique feats while believing with his whole heart that what he was doing was right . 
  the problem is what he was doing was attaching bible verses to cannonballs so the irish of waterford and wexford had something to read on their way to hell . 
  to be able to call someone a pious defender of the faith and a genocidal madman is a rare treat in british and irish history , but he gets top honours . 
  the dup follows an offshoot of protestantism founded by their own founder ( ian paisely ) called new presbyterianism , but really religious fervour only plays a part of it . 
  the dup are crooked as a dog 's hind leg and will often oppose something just because the taigs are supporting it . 
  it depends on their ability to convince politicians from the uup or the sole independent unionist in office to support them . 
  generally speaking the dup is toxic outside its supporters , but sinn fein , the major nationalst party , while significantly more progressive is still massively unpopular among most unionists . 
  there 's still a lot of us and them politics here , unfortunately . 
  i guess there is everywhere ( the us definitely seems like a big game between 2 football teams ) but our politics has the relatively recent history of violence behind it to keep everyone on their toes . 
  in short it 's really hard to say . 
  it 's really down to the unionists . 
  the dup lost their seats because their base is tired of them , not bcause of nationalists . 
  their attitude will likely dictate where this all goes . 
  that 's the thing i find with trump supporters and brexiteers - they both believe deep down that their actions are not obvious parallels of massive mistakes made before . 
  in northern ireland public opinion has been swinging towards legalization for years . 
  however , the largest party ( the hard-right unionist dup ) has been abusing a process called a petition of concern in order to veto prooosed changes . 
  the petition is supposed to be used to prevent the implementation of sectarian policies given our country 's history . 
  however the dup have abused it to prevent abortion and lgbt legislation from being implemented . 
  fuck 's sake do you dup types never find the off switch ? 
  goddamn that 's pretty . 
  it was adequate for / u/dfractalh 's point as every state with `` access '' to the single market whether or not they have membership privileges respects the four freedoms . 
  your statement was just plain incorrect . 
  it 's like watching jacob rees-mogg discover reddit . 
   all countries in the world have access to the single market . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  all countries in the world * potentially * have access to the single market , but that 's a meaningless statement . 
   this is good news for the uk because the uk and ireland have the same position as each other ( maximise trade and keep the common travel area and no hard border ) . 
  i am glad that germany also has this same position . 
  brexit britain does n't have any clear policies , that 's the problem . 
  weather was spectacular as well . 
  ` preciate it , you guys !, 
  vive la france, 
  there now follows a comprehensive list of countries that occupied others countries and enriched rather than plundered them ;, 
  so this is freaking cool , eh ? 
  that looks ... intriguing . 
  oh it 's slang for [ irish nationalists . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fenian ) it only gets used up here in the north . 
  i 'm not going to pretend to indulge you mate . 
  he 's literally like this regarding everything unless the discussion is `` how many fenians to kill '' in which case watch him turn into a big teddy bear . 
  prreeeeeeeeetty much . 
  he 's part of the minority in northern ireland that voted out . 
  most of us wanted to stay and ... are n't psychotic dup voters like him . 
  and the dup voter decides to embarrass us again . 
  jesus christ i bet you 're a laugh at parties . 
   france has the most fertile land in europe that 's not even close to true . 
  [ ukrainian black soil ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chernozem ) is far and away the most valuable agricultural land in europe/the world . 
  realistically speaking not while lukashenko 's there . 
  after he 's deposed there 'd have to be a period of time of sustained and visible efforts to combat corruption and bring the belarussian human rights legislation up to union standards . 
  the good news is even with all this in front of you , you 're * still * in line in front of turkey . 
   honey pepper vodka this ca n't be a thing . 
  cheers , that 's what i thought . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  there 's not even a [ deleted ] first-row comment . 
  mods , any input on this silliness ? 
  so you think quoting the person who * made * the strawman magically makes it * not * a strawman ? 
  that 's an ... * interesting * take on the logical process . 
   was literally the top comment on this thread . 
  not a strawman if it acually happened . 
  sure , but it has to actually happen . 
  that did n't . 
  that 's what makes it a strawman . 
  * good * news ? 
  what is this ? 
  they are almost * exclusively * his chums . 
  but do n't tell that to / r/russia or you 'll get banned for ... whatever the fuck they want . 
  edit : and indeed :  you 've been banned from participating in r/russia, 
  / r/europe when another british poster tears down his own brexit-related strawman : oh not * this * again ... 
  sorry , what 's uviral again ? 
  well let 's start off with that round-the-clock protection . 
  who is it protecting them from ? 
  is it working ? 
  why is it necessary ? 
  the main frontline countries are spain , italy and greece . 
  send funding and military assistance there if needed to erect semi-permanent manned barriers and give them aid to begin immediate repatriation of people to their home countries . 
  if they wo n't give their home country or wo n't * reliably * do so then they 've ceded their rights to aid and will be left in the most equitable african/me port . 
  okay seriously , why are n't we doing more to protect our jewish communities in europe ? 
  did we all wake up one day and decide `` you know what i hate ? 
  peaceful , educated , law-abiding , tax-paying citizens who * do n't * proselytize their faith . 
  let 's get rid of * those * guys . '', 
  thoughts with the members of the families . 
  and to all russian redditors out there , stay safe . 
  god love her , putting on such a braves face despite being from sligo . 
  close the door . 
  well that 's reassuring .
