   i find the expression `` single-market access '' next to pointless because every country in the world has it . 
  no , they do n't , and those that do pay for it . 
   in terms of membership of the single market , during the referendum campaign both the leave side and the remain side largely agreed that if we left the eu we would likely stop being members of the single market . 
  no , they did n't . 
  the leave campaign was very publicly split on this issue . 
   this was my preference and now seems to be the position of the uk government and the preference of uk voters . 
  that 's three personal preferences you 've tried to pass off as truths . 
  post-fact britain , and all that . 
   bratushki what does that mean ? 
   uk being clear that it does not want single market and will walk away from a bad deal strikes be an necessary points for the uk to make . 
  particuarly given the riven nature of post-referendum britain i do n't think even your own government treats this as more than bluster . 
  you need a trade deal with the eu or your export market collapses overnight , that 's all there is to it . 
  everything else is pleasantries . 
  the fact that half your brexit voter-base voted for single-market access is just icing on the cake . 
   uk also pointing out that it is in the interests of the eu to have a good relationship with the eu is also a necessary point to make . 
  thankfully that relationship is currently pretty good . 
  the bigger one . 
   xi jinping repeatedly and clearly explained how he was very strongly pushing for global free trade yesterday at the wef , xi jinping 's word on this is less than compelling given china 's continued sabatouerial actions on non-chinese investment and industry in china . 
   and we 're not a fucking country that will accept a deal that 's worse than no deal . 
  i 'm curious as to what choice you think you 'll have . 
  you 're in a weaker bargaining position than the us , the eu , china and india . 
  you 're country 's split in two . 
  scotland 's leaving . 
  ni might be too . 
  your bargaining position rests upon london 's service-based banking industry which is easily moved offshore and already moving in some cases . 
  are you expecting the revival of rover ? 
   the whiniest nation on earth . 
  and people say brexit was n't based on english imperialism . 
  * sigh * yes , sure ekaros . 
  you will be taxed for one hundred thousand years . 
  he flat out says verhofstadt . 
  you people will kill lincoln and kennedy and yet this guy gets a pass . 
  i just do n't know anymore . 
  we had an open border then you voted against it . 
  you knew the rules and decided you did n't want to abide by them anymore . 
  the mess . 
  your lap . 
  cheers england . 
  you ca n't really complain when it 's you guys who decided to foist this cunt onto the world stage like a big retarded baby in a wig he found in the trash . 
  is it a / u/mikeemoo post ? 
  is he quoting an old article ? 
  is he just quoting it now because it attacks someone appointed to deal with brexit ? 
  is it petty and non-news ? 
  i think i 've got a bingo here . 
  putin 's russia is just a black hole . 
  sigh . 
  my god , how will you afford the extra 1 cent per annum . 
  the whiniest nation on earth . 
  no , he did n't . 
  he said , and i quote  ** from verhofstadt . 
  it 's you guys who started this whole mess in the first place . 
  if you think anyone 's buying this `` oh we 're chums since way back , it 's all the continentals fault '' stuff you 're mental . 
  the problem is that while they are cut cleanly in half in supporting and opposing the eu , the remain camp have no-one to represent them . 
  the government wo n't and neither will the opposition , because jeremy corbyn is an inept cartoon of a labour leader . 
  this is the man who tried to bend the laws of his own country to jail protestors before they began protesting , who ordered his secret police to kill his own citizens . 
  what in the actual fuck was going on here ? 
  what kind of world had outin built around himself ? 
  done . 
  god i love experimental tech like this . 
  sure it 's just a bit of padding to keep you warm in the winter . 
   ot upset , i just find it funny that someone from ireland thinks that way of country like russia , which is widely accepted as one of the countries with most beautiful women on earth . 
  sure , if you like women with facial hair and smoker 's cough . 
  i 'm fond of a bit of a husky voice myself . 
  oh right , you 're not funny . 
  i thought you were playing along but it seems you 're really upset and trying to have a go . 
  hold on , allow me to respond in kind :  nobody expects someone from ireland to know what a beautiful woman looks like . 
  oof , glass houses mate . 
  sure but we can afford to rent them . 
  thanks , / u/fallacyexplnationbot < 3, 
   this depends on what your definition of eu is . 
  a lot of the pro-eu crowd is trying to lump together eu and europe or eu and the member states . 
  by that measure lybia was an eu venture as well . 
  by no terms was it . 
  disingenuous goalpost-moving to try and fit the facts to your argument instead of your argument to the facts . 
   you should realize that only people wealthy enough or strong enough can escape to the very comfortable camps in germany . 
  i 'm sorry , you 're lacking a basic understanding here - do you think these refugees and economic migrants are * wealthy ? 
  *  the rest ends up being internally displaced , or in camps in countries neighbouring to the warzone . 
  i fail to see how this is now a post whining about the eu . 
  should n't you treat the nations of the middle east with more integrity and condemn them for their own failings as you would any state ? 
   i do n't judge it , but do n't try to spoon fed me that we 're `` saving the world '' who 's crowing about us saving the world ? 
  i want us to shut the door entirely . 
  that 's hardly saving the world , is it ? 
   i 'm sure you know that those invasions were supported ( or orchestrated in case of lybia ) by european countries iraq and afghanistan had token eu participation outside of the uk which acted against the wishes of the eu . 
  libya is still not an eu led affair , even now in your second post about it . 
  it 's simply not reality . 
   you might say , and you 're right , that it was not eu organization directly . 
  with this line of thinking , what 's left of eu other than an empty shell , that only exclaims being a `` bastion of freedom '' while having zero responsibilities , no power to enforce anything ? 
  the reason you feel so frustrated right now is because you 're having to twist your mind to attack something that bears little responsibility for what you 're trying to smear it with . 
  should the individual states have invaded libya ? 
  maybe . 
  did the eu orchestrate and support it ? 
  nope , nope and nope . 
   is eu bombing is - i thought you said they do n't do anything of the sort ? 
  now you 're just making up stuff `` you thought i said '' because your own argument is garbage . 
  if you want to point out where i said we 're not bombing anyone , here 's your chance . 
  go for it . 
   sure , we 're bombing is , wondering like children once again , where did these devils emerge from ? 
  what pathetic strawman is this ? 
  we know where they came from . 
  it 's an impoverished war-torn region that was recently invaded and is rife with hardline sects of a religion that often preaches militarism where even the peaceful countries are non-secular and based in horribly unfair religious law .
