  so go back to your dad 's basement and be silly there scamp . 
  i feel like you 're misreading `` do n't care what your reality tv-host president wants '' as `` only want the opposite of what your reality tv-host president wants . '', 
  the us is irrelevant to this interaction . 
  this seems quite difficult for you to come to terms with . 
  good !, 
  i do n't care what your reality tv-host president wants . 
  this is what 's best for the european union , that 's all that matters . 
  that 's a good line . 
  defining ourselves from entities like the us and russia , china and everyone else through progressive , mutually-beneficial policy is something i can really get behind !, 
  who 's that bill clinton-looking guy next to merkel ? 
  beautiful  i mean , y' know , relatively speaking . 
  over here in canada we 're getting blanket legalization july 1st next year . 
  come on by !, 
  informative , cheers !, 
  this looks shockingly similar to my good friend 's home in rostrevor in the south of the mourne mountains . 
  i was back there recently , i 'll see if i can get a pic for comparison . 
  yeah he knows what he 's doing . 
  i 'm more worried about those fools in their metal death-boxes driving straight into the water . 
  what kind of braindead fuckass logic is this ? 
  did you actually just say `` what do we need a * steel industry * for ? '', 
  you need it for fucking * steel * , genius !, 
  you need it for jobs , as a money creator , for leverage in trade , for trade itself , for education and expertise and growth and research and development in the industry and related industries . 
  what the actual fuck are you doing in this conversation asking questions like that ? 
  while i 'm highly opposed to china 's two faced stance on investment , i 'm curious as to what you 're implying here . 
  * shakes head is sheer disbelief *, 
  and ? 
  this is n't a discussion about individual countries ( and if it were a comparison of the united kingdom 's and german economies would not end favourably for the united kingdom either ) . 
  this is a discussion about a single country and the massive trade bloc which it depends upon , which it is now trying to extricate itself from at great cost despite it 's own protestations . 
  leavers attempts to paint this as a discussion between equal partners are only deluding themselves . 
  you 're pretty much deciding you do n't care about how this effects the united kingdom as long as it effects germany which makes talking to you an exercise in futility . 
   would you care to elaborate ? 
  trade balance is less informative than amount of trade done and with whom it is done because then you can assign weight and worth and jobs to a particular figure !, 
  with trade deficit , you can talk * exclusively * about trade deficit . 
   how does uk trade deficit considering you are the only person talking about trade deficit you 'd have to tell me . 
   `` prop up '' its economy ? 
  the european union accounts for half of all united kingdom imports * and * exports . 
  losing this , or even facing * mild * tarrifs over this , would cost * millions * of british jobs overnight . 
  nevermind the massive financial shock , the government would be dragged into the streets and hung from lampposts . 
  the poll tax riots would be nothing compared to millions of people losing their jobs virtually overnight . 
   the best metric for net trade balance is net trade balance . 
  which is a far less useful metric than imports/exports or virtually anything else !, 
   and , actually , britain could even rely on indigenous production thereby creating more jobs !, 
  who would have thought ? 
  lmaoooooooooooooo and we 'll also have more money to invest in the nhs !, 
   and , again , you do n't understand that the uk is a customer for the eu , particularly for germany , which means that its trade deficit is subsidising labour in eu/germany , just like the other non-eu countries that are running a trade deficit against eu/germany . 
  and that the eu literally props up the uk 's economy . 
  that 's not hyperbole . 
  that 's beautiful , simplistic fact - half of all united kingdom exports and imports come from the european union . 
  without them the economy collapses and brexiters are left trying to eat their stockpiled copies of the sun and the daily mail to draw sustenance from the reprintings of the word `` sovereignty . ', 
   if you 're running a trade deficit it means you 're buying products made elsewhere . 
  you know what a better metric for gauging imports is ? 
  [ ** imports !, 
  ** ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_united_kingdom )  the uk , in the worst-case scenario ( which wo n't materialise ) would have to replace providers . 
  in the increasingly likely scenario of a `` no deal , '' the united kingdom would have to replace half of it 's total export and import partners . 
  which it would have lost * at the same time . 
  *  on the other hand , replacing an export market ( i.e. 
  finding another customer in order to fill the gap ) is not as easy , hence there would be more lay-offs in germany . 
  which is n't much of an issue , being that the united kingdom accounts for such a small slice of the european union exports whereas the european union accounts for half of all united kingdom exports * and * imports . 
   who 's the illiterate now ? 
  i did n't call you illiterate , i said you literally could n't comprehend the response , which is still the case . 
   holy shit mate , i 'm being pedantic ?!, 
  in what way ?!, 
   so i guess your argument is that its not a joke ( even though it is ) it is simply a fact . 
  your complaint is that you have to click on and view these posts . 
  my response is do n't click on and view these posts . 
   look mate , i 'm not saying brexit is n't a bad thing , nobody is having this argument to begin with ? 
   i 'm just saying that hearing the same low-effort jokes over and over gets a bit stale do n't you think ? 
  sure . 
  so do n't click on them . 
  i do n't think this is anything special but i 'm not sat here complaining about it . 
   i really do n't know what 's with your attitude , how old are you ? 
   the point i 've been making is about trade deficit ( actually , current account deficit ) , which is significantly less important for british workers than  if `` uk-eu exports are a bigger part of the uk 's economy than the eu 's . '', 
  because it means , to use your own point rather obviously against you , * significantly more british jobs will be lost than european ones . 
  * because significantly more british jobs * depend * upon it . 
  it 's a contentious topic that is a ) still ongoing b ) still evolving c ) british people have strong opinions on d ) everyone else has strong opinions on this is exactly - and i say exactly because this is the * exact * argument i had with them - the same complain russian redditors made after russia invaded ukraine : `` what 's with all these anti-russia posts ? '', 
  the turkey ataturk knew is virtually gone in anything but a geographical sense . 
  this is a truly incredible regression . 
  no , it is n't . 
  good grief . 
   i use res . 
  and ? 
   see previous answer . 
  and ? 
   okay that was an adventure , you insult me , downvote me , and still do n't explain what the meme in this context is . 
  the meme is making fun of how dumb brexit is . 
  which you know . 
  so here we are , saying things that we both already know because in a truly revolutionary course of action , you 're being pedantic on the internet . 
   i 'm not questioning my political beliefs , i 'm questioning why i go on this particular subreddit just to see reposted smug jokes like this every week . 
  then do n't click on the topics that are smug jokes . 
   i come hear to learn , for news and different points of view then do n't click on the topics that are smug jokes . 
   and i 'm confused , where is the meme ? 
  are you actually being serious right now or are you in the midst of a stroke ? 
  here , have a downvote for making an utterly pointless , time-wasting post . 
   is this about evolution being seen as anti-islamic , or is it about a general backlash against the `` arrogant elitism '' of teachers , scientists , and the like ? 
  it 's literally the same thing as brexit - anything which empowers and protects the common people must be destroyed , and destroyed * utterly * by turning them against it . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  / u/in _ der_tat 's response to the actual rebuttal :  the point is ? 
  literal incomprehension . 
   who is n't at all in touch with the common person . 
  lmao,
