  has been a net contributor for its entire life cycle . 
  brexiteers are just * baffling . 
  * here 's the most obvious example of that - scotland legitimately does n't have sovereignty , whereas the u.k. does - and just look at the shit / u/hawkuk says . 
  theresa may campaigned for remain because she was told to . 
  she has been an outspoken critic of the eu her entire political career . 
  this does not just disappear because of what her boss says . 
  except it 's not , because scotland legitimately does not have sovereignty whereas the uk does . 
  see how easy applying critical thinking is ? 
  it 's officially not a united kingdom at that point because wales ( and ni if it 's still around ) was never a kingdom , correct ? 
  when was this , actually ? 
  i 'd like to read up in it . 
  seems rather unfair . 
  i do n't understand what you 're trying to tell me here , but then i am very slow . 
   that 's no more true than saying yorkshire made a separate decision from london . 
  they were all considered equally and the majority won . 
  being scottish or english had nothing to do with it . 
  it was a british decision even if 48 % of brits disagree with it . 
   actually , no , because those countries that disagree with it have the option of representing their citizens interests unlike yorkshire , and that 's exactly what they 're doing . 
  good for them . 
   the scottish people voted to remain in the uk as well 2 years ago . 
  based upon 2 major promises : continued membership in the eu and special powers for scotland . 
  both of which turned out to be lies from england . 
  and so they seek to represent the views of their citizens , as we all agree they should . 
   if they did n't realize that meant they could be outvoted then they should perhaps they should have voted smarter themselves . 
  they do n't get to jump ship and blame the english for all their problems . 
  `` you should 've realized we could n't be trusted '' is not a compelling arguement and i 'm mildly surprised you thought it would be . 
  that attitude of arrogance just feeds scottish nationalism and independance movements . 
  it 's very understandable . 
   if you thought brexit was bad , a new scottish referendum would be worse . 
  not so . 
  i believe in the reasons behind scottish nationalism because they are honest and empirical : they want to govern themselves , and they want to do so against what has been proven to be the self-damaging and right-wing whims of england which is dragging the rest of the uk out of the eu . 
  and of course , they want to retain membership in the eu , which has umpteen empirical ( not make-believe ) benefits , from investment to travel to business to research to diplomacy to x to y to z. 
   that it was the english fault and that scotland is a bastion for the rational smart non-xenophobic people . 
  er , that 's everybody 's opinion where the person giving the opinion is not a brexit voter . 
  brexit was a vote in the face of economic stability and success and buying into the fear of immigrants taking jobs . 
  and empowered people to shoot an mp dead in broad daylight , and burn polish peoples out of homes . 
  and i can already see your brain rationalizing that , and that 's pretty telling in and of itself . 
  and you 're not going to see that because it annoys you and it 's easier to get angry and ignore something than it is to admit fault . 
   should have told that to scotland two years ago . 
  i did , / u/demonica123 , but i am just one man . 
  happily i 'm telling them again and now they 're listening . 
  as an impartial party watching brexit unfurl ( i 'm sure you 'll doubt i 'm impartial simply because i 'm stating the obvious that it looks like a needless wound on the uk ) , thanks for providing them with the motivation . 
   there are n't do overs every time something goes wrong . 
  not according to them . 
  [ or to us , for that matter . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_treaty_of_lisbon_referendum ), 
  based on the promise of eu membership and special powers for scotland , both of which turned out to be lies . 
  england : we do n't give a shit about you . 
   only smart people like the direction of the eu ? 
  fascinating . 
  how do you type like that when you spend all your time out in the field scaring off crows ? 
   you do realize that the issue which moved people to vote for brexit and trump was the whole `` invite the world '' mantra . 
  no , actually . 
  as evidenced by brexiteers reaction to brexit , they agreed on nothing . 
  they wanted the `` switzerland option '' , the `` norway option '' , the `` canada option '' . 
  some believed in 350 million back to the nhs . 
  some believed in bendy bananas . 
  everyone believed what they wanted and nobody wanted the truth . 
   every study on the voting patterns for both events terminates on that opposition to that issue . 
  i 've read this sentence 3 times and i still ca n't understand it . 
   which the eu leadership is in full-throated support of . 
  well merkel is . 
  personally i 'd shut the door and boat the immigrants back to the nearest african shore , but even if i do n't get that i still want to remain in the eu . 
  because it 's far more beneficial than merely closing a door to helpless refugees and scurrilous economic migrants . 
   but just keep calling them stupid for thinking that is a bad idea . 
  i called them stupid because they 're stupid . 
  they believed lies and complained that everybody was telling them they were being lied to , and now that they are n't getting what they want they 're complaining that they are n't getting what they want . 
  like children . 
  you run the country . 
  is this a serious question ? 
  because if it is i 'll get my belly laugh ready . 
   yes subsidizing northern ireland well you made the problem , you might as well pay for it . 
   and scotland well you run the place , you might as well pay for it . 
  or give up 90 % of your oil and your only trident dock and piss away off , i guess . 
   whilst over taxing its own constituents to pay for it . 
  yes , yes !, 
  this is the natural progression of the brexit bigotry !, 
  turn on yourselves and cannibalize yourself !, 
  do n't stop until every country , county , borough and neighborhood that disagrees with you is in ruins !, 
   it 's as if your anti-english bias clouded your judgement . 
  oh god bless the poor little lamb . 
  english brexiteers on reddit complaining of anti-english bias are better than russians complaining of russophobia . 
  yeah equating the great leap forward to world war 3 is a bit of a false equivalency , to put it mildly . 
  for one thing the great leap forward was intentional domestic policy ( i repeat , ** domestic policy ** ) that intentionally ( and unintentionally ) resulted in the deaths of tens of millions . 
  the cultural revolution was another pure internal policy decision which literally destroyed the educated class of the largest country in the world . 
  outside of the utter destruction of civilizations in antiquity nothing like it has been seen . 
  not as much as there is between unfavourable and favourable . 
  or even neutral . 
  why ? 
  they 're still governed by britain . 
  the funds are theirs . 
  that does n't change just because of * your * politics . 
  your arguement makes no sense . 
  cool . 
   maybe , but per country ? 
  source ? 
  [ take ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/08/05/russia-putin-held-in-low-regard-around-the-world/ ) [ your ] ( http://www.rferl.org/a/inforgraphic-views-of-russia/25459393.html ) [ pick . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/database/indicator/27/survey/all/ )  i 'm not stating an opinion , just saying that greece didnt feel russia so much of a threat . 
  greece also opposed sanctions . 
  noted .
