  immigrants are net contributors 2 . 
  it 'd piss off the country the immigrants came from . 
  note that non-eu citizens ( i.e. 
  refugees and economic migrants ) were already completely at the british governments discretion to let in or not . 
  anyone that are in there are there because westminster said so , that had nothing to do with us . 
  you wo n't , no . 
  surprise !, 
  those brexitmas presents just keep on coming !, 
  it 'll affect him worse because the uk will still be the number 2 destination in europe for refugees and immigrants . 
  this * ca n't * be the top comment . 
  where are you from ? 
  then there 's no loss . 
   no because that would hurt many of it 's main trading partners . 
  bar some nut jobs even leave people do n't want the eu to break up . 
  and the run-back begins . 
  you were n't being dictated to by brussels anyway . 
  while i mean , that 's * literally * true . 
  but i 'm not complaining . 
  why 's the river so yellow ? 
  * waves tiny eu flags *, 
  we must now open our minds to these evidence-driven non-racists and entertain the possibility that * we * , not * they * were wrong . 
   okay , i wo n't care about france from now on . 
  i 'm curious as to how you think you `` cared '' about france before now . 
  thon 's a good looking shot . 
  * waves miniature czech flags *, 
  you 're just flat out retarded huh ? 
  because many of them declared exactly that ? 
  in every form of media ? 
  including this subreddit ? 
  up to today ? 
  for many of them validating brexit depended on it being the crest of a wave , a surge of nations led by britain out the door of the eu . 
  instead it 's turning out to be an anamoly , and a costly one at that . 
  edit : -10 inside 2 minutes . 
  cheers , brexiteers . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
  sorry mate if i wanted to listen to an english teenager fumble for insults in his alt account i 'd be down at a wetherspoons . 
  see you in another 4 months mate . 
  do n't indulge the alt account mate . 
  i love that the alt accounts are coming out to defend their losing bigotry . 
  yeah i bet the men and women of iraq and afghanistan were happy too before you blew the fuck out of them bill , but that 's life . 
   oh stop white-knighting your alt you silly sausage it 's incredibly transparent . 
  every post after this one will be me calling you a silly sausage again . 
  oh stop white-knighting your alt you silly sausage it 's incredibly transparent . 
  every post after this one will be me calling you a silly sausage again . 
  um , yes please ? 
  that 's cool , we do n't care though , 
  that looks so freaking game of thronesy . 
  you can say what you want ( and edit it as many times as you have to mate  , but we 're not interested in a scared brexiter trying to validate his country 's mistake , 
  ... does he have to know the group personally to dislike it ? 
  ha banksy , one of the good ones . 
  less chewy than a butthole , for example . 
  er , right mate . 
  enjoy yourself over in the corner there . 
  haha what , do you not think your posts follow you around the forum ? 
  every post you make is trying to validate brexit mate . 
  unfortunately you ca n't . 
  we 're good without hearing about a scared man trying to make the eu fail to validate his own country 's mistake , / u/jacob-rees-mogg , 
  haha , no way !, 
  no problem , you responded within the 3 minute window so i 've been able to amend the post !, 
  *** redditor in `` does n't understand the discussion '' shocker !, 
  nah , we 're good brexiteer . 
  your mistake is your own . 
  brexit is n't a policy , brexit is a massive umbrella for policy change . 
  you ca n't push a law through parliament that just says `` brexit '' or even `` we 're leaving the eu . '', 
  the terms of your exit are going to be vast and complex . 
  and on top of that , you 've now got a tory party mandate to enact stuff like the smooper 's charter , and the upcoming snooper 's charter 2.0 . 
  so enjoy that . 
  * now there 's no use crying over every mistake * * even if their platform was completely fake *, 
  schonne, 
  the top-voted post ( currently stickies by their moderators ) says 10 million muslims invaded france and that the french voted for more bombings and murder . 
  i 'm really glad we 're opposing those people . 
  thank you all !, 
  i feel like we 're all finally exhaling after holding our breath for a very long time !, 
  i 'm looking forward to what macron and his german counterpart can get done in the next couple of years !, 
  there 's always a significant split in any binary election . 
  it 's not voting for her in particular . 
  we seem to have the very valuable skill of knowing what side our bread is buttered on . 
  as opposed to our friends just over the irish sea . 
  `` muslimes '' and `` rapefugees . '', 
  holy crap am i happy we are moving in a different direction to those guys . 
  *** goetterfunken intensifies ***, 
  i 'll r , ember this the next time the us has one of its now commonplace horrible school shootings . 
  we 're good . 
  the tories are just following ukip policy with competence instead of vitriol . 
  as an irishman and a happy citizen of this little european union of ours , as small as my voice may be i 'd just like to add my congratulations to everyone in france !, 
  i 'm so happy for you !, 
  that 's amazing . 
  that last sentence in particular is outright fiction . 
  oh no please , * you * keep at it . 
  by all accounts you should 've stopped shortly after you started . 
  i think i was here in resident evil 5 . 
  i 'd love to give them all a look one day , cheers for putting this up !, 
  are we talking about your mum 's house ? 
  cool . 
  and then africa just kept on fuckin ' . 
  apart from access to math and government reports which showed how much the u.k. gained from the eu which it never released because it was n't the tory platform . 
  and why he looked like he had been robbed on the morning where he should have been over the moon . 
  but no , keep trying to validate brexit . 
  that does n't stop it from being a good analogy . 
  holy moly !,
