  it 's literally every single post in your comment history . 
  literally every single one . 
  you being proud of being one of the eager little englander 's to be happy to `` finally get a chance to talk about anti-english persecution '' and anglophobia in england is ... holy balls . 
   lol at `` calling out '' : what a good little activist you are , challenging all those badthinkers like a good little useful sheep . 
  i assume you have evidence that i `` take [ my ] political advice from the sun and the daily mail '' ? 
  of course not : you 're just repeating talking points you 've read elsewhere , and which coincidentally boost your own ego at the same time . 
  no mate , i 'm commenting on the level of discourse and information you 've displayed . 
  when you improve , so too will your ranking . 
  maybe you 'll be able to claw your way up to * nuts !, 
  * magazine . 
   is n't it great when you get to feel superior to others without having to do anything but unthinkingly hold the `` right '' opinion . 
  i wo n't lie , it 's more astounding that half of england could be tricked into a platform built by it 's creators to fail . 
   it 's a good job that the situation is purely binary , with zero merit in views you do n't share . 
  / u/adiabat79 's big list of brexit benefits !, 
  here it is !, 
  take all the time you need :, 
  got one !, 
  we got one !, 
  according to a london-based think-tank . 
  according to the chinese-american one [ listed right next to it , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_centre#ranking ) new york is larger . 
  greetings citizen / u/finndacool . 
  please select one of the following options in order for your re-education to proceed in due haste :  [ my country did n't join world war 2 to help some lousy poles ]  [ i suppose you support jeremy corbyn , he 's a big fan of your terrorist friends too ]  [ we built your island you uppity monkey you ought to be grateful ]  [ we ca n't trust these numbers , they come from a source ], 
  good ... news ? 
   london 's the largest financial capital in the world new york . 
  people forget that because it was a long time ago . 
   what a bizarre title . 
  it 's clear just a mild bit of spin . 
  i was thinking of schleswig-holstein pils . 
  to the average eye seanad appears phonetic but taoiseach obviously is not . 
  i 'm assuming that 's what happened here . 
  which is a shame because i 'd have loved to hear him say * taow-eye-seech . 
  his arse, 
  i think that was the germans , was n't it ? 
  in before the flood of brexiters complaining about / r/europe persecuting them . 
  no , seriously , this is a thing that they say . 
  reporting on factual evidence is now `` persecution '' to brexiters . 
  no mate , says the guy calling you out on your tabloid jargon . 
  and it 's very telling that you people refer to the attestation of * every expert body worth a damn on this earth * as `` pro-eu '' as if it means they 're all - each and every one of them - * biased . 
  * there 's so much pro-eu advice from these institutions , particularly during brexit , because brexit is * empirically , provably a bad idea with zero ( 0 ) benefits coming or predicted to come . 
   the russian central bank ( the bank of russia ) in its latest monetary policy report estimated that such a trend would continue until at least the first half of this year . 
  however , he stressed that it is also possible to increase supply and thus price collapse due to increased us production and resumption of supplies to the world markets from libya and nigeria . 
  on the other hand , very weak growth in oil demand will not be able to compensate for the forces of price squeeze . 
   the analysts of the bank of russia presented three scenarios of economic development in the country depending on the level of oil prices . 
   the baseline scenario assumes keeping the urals oil prices at about $ 50 . 
  for a barrel until the end of the first half of the year and then a gradual decrease to $ 40 . 
  at the end of the year . 
  it would be maintained at this level also in the years 2018-2019 . 
  in this situation , average annual inflation in 2017-2019 would be 4 % and gdp growth would be 1-1 .5 % . 
  annually . 
   not surprisingly , it was not included in the export report , which is expected to grow by 2-2 .5 % this year , and in the following years to stop , because it is difficult to differentiate in the forecast 0.5-1 % . 
  annually . 
  russia has maintained its status as a mega-importer . 
  this year imports would increase by almost 9 % , and in subsequent years by another 3-3 .5 % . 
  annually . 
   in an optimistic scenario , the average annual price of urals oil would be $ 55 in 2017 . 
  for a barrel to rise to $ 60 next year . 
  and keep on it for years to come . 
   as a result of the rapid recovery in investment and consumer demand , economic growth in 2017-2018 would be higher than in the baseline scenario . 
  but as early as 2019 , economic growth would slow down - the development impulse would be short-lived , because it lacked the foundation . 
   the scenario defined by the bank of russia as a risky assumes that at the end of the year the price of oil would fall to $ 25 . 
  for a barrel and would remain at that level for years to come following the economic downturn in china . 
  russia 's economic growth this year would be close to zero , and in the years to come a recession would be waiting for it . 
   under these conditions , the oil exporters ' agreement will not play a significant role , and impulses to maintain these agreements will be weak . 
  the worsening of trade conditions will lead to a decrease in income and a revaluation of russia 's prospects by external investors and internal market players . 
  this in turn will lead to outflow of capital and may hinder external debt servicing by russian companies and financial institutions - analysts of the russian central bank . 
   if you look at all three of these scenarios , it is clear that these are actually scenarios of stagnation - even in the most optimistic of them economic growth can not be defined otherwise than as a cosmetic . 
  and then the rest of the document that explains and analyzes those scenarios . 
  except as far as the economy is concerned , according to the bank of russia . 
   russophobic `` it 's not our fault we 're invading your country , you 're russophobic ! '', 
  they ban who they like , when they like . 
  cos putin blew up an airliner with a shit-ton of dutch people on it , dug around in the pockets of their corpses and then laughed in their faces about it . 
  in case anyone forgot . 
  sorry , was / u/trucidator talking about other countries when he was apologizing for his politics ? 
  no , i 'm saying you will pay because it 's reality . 
  morality , politics and economics all point towards the same outcome . 
  whataboutism is always a ready defense for the indefensible and the ignorant . 
  a model spitfire hangs in the air while on the cabinet a commemorative piece of princess diana crockery looks approvingly down on the scene . 
  this is reality . 
  these are institutions you campaigned to host . 
  these are institutions that you campaigned to host as part of large , rich and stable multinational trading bloc . 
  now that you have elected to leave that trading bloc , you owe a duty of care to help facilitate the safe removal of these institutions . 
  again , there 's no `` we '' for you hawk . 
  you are alone in your opinion . 
  your government , however , will do what is asked . 
  oh , that is quite confusing then . 
   it is n't a fact that we will be forced to pay to relocate anything or anyone . 
  of course it is . 
   the eu can ask for it , and it may even be morally correct if them to do so , but it can not force us to pay for anything . 
  of course it ca n't . 
  but you will anyway . 
  in case you 've forgotten or in the event that you never knew , these were institutions that you lobbied and campaigned for . 
  you asked to host them , and that request was granted . 
  as you have elected to leave the body within which they operate you will now facilitate their removal . 
  that is the real world . 
  you are free to disagree , but that is all you are free to do . 
   pragmatism can make you predictable , i 've found . 
  good lord what a soundbite . 
   between merkel and may , merkel will be the most predictable , she will sacrifice any and all economic interests on the altar of european unity . 
  may , not so much . 
  if you were to ask 100 people who had been the better leader between angela merkel and theresa may , 99 of those people would say merkel and the daily mail reader would squeak `` our theresa . '',
