  * where these questions asked to ? 
  the editor of * the sun ? 
  that 's not a town , it 's a street that did well for itself . 
  you literally do not give a single shit about farmers in africa . 
  well said !, 
  i 'm proud of being a european and a citizen of the european union , and for all it 's failings i think it 's still one of the most positive organizations in the world !, 
  yes we 're talking about trump . 
  oh yes he does . 
  blair is more competent than both by miles i 'd say . 
  i 'm struggling to think of a single way may has proved her competency . 
  i 'd have blair over may or corbyn in a heartbeat . 
  gross , he 's wearing an irish flair today . 
  yeah , i 'd be down for that . 
  pis are n't my first pick for governing anything , but even a broken clock is right every once in a while . 
  what were you looking for re : popular referenda ? 
  cheers for your good work !, 
  fyi - japanese swords were famously folded 1000 times because the iron they were working with was garbage . 
  not really a surprise given the complete idiot at the helm . 
  god that sounds amazing . 
  oh that orban . 
  * waves miniature lithuanian & eu flags *, 
  it 's fun seeing one of these with some thought put into it ( or at least their rationalizations explained ) . 
  do one for ireland !, 
  no wait - the celtic union !, 
  ca n't you just give him the ole ' hockey check if things get rough ? 
  maybe get zdeno chara to have a word with him ? 
  as a european citizen working in toronto : yay ~, 
   there has already been controversy over the decision to hold the eurovision opening ceremony in the saint sophia complex , a well-known religious landmark which dates back to the 17th century . 
   the use of the venue was called `` blasphemy '' by the ukrainian orthodox church of moscow patriarchy . 
   `` from all viewpoints , this is a very bad decision , '' andrei kurayev , a prominent deacon of the russian orthodox church , was quoted as saying by mosokovski komsomolets . 
  `` now , on the tombstone of [ mstislav i of kiev ] , there will be dances . '', 
  oof , i was n't aware of that . 
  that seems a bit unnecessary if it 's going to piss people off . 
  i learned an embarrassing amount of history from that game . 
  the sanctions increase the probability of crimea returning or the putin administration collapsing ( no matter how infinitesimally ) and cost next to nothing to enact while having a disproportionately larger effect on the russian government to achieve it 's aims . 
  there 's no reason to remove them other than power-plays by the russian state seeking to do so . 
  just roll over and die in the snow then . 
  it 's cuz they 's real peepol , they is . 
  if there 's * any country * who has reasonable cause to say this , though ... 
  same as they do now - whoever the fuck rupert murdoch tells them to . 
   i find it kind of ridiculous that the national can write an article talking about how important unions are and not wanting to break them up after so much shared history whilst vehemently supporting scottish independence . 
  i do n't think people on / r/europe realise that scottish independence is just miniature brexit and it 's ridiculous to argue about how terrible the uk leaving the eu is and then fail to notice that you 're using the same arguments for having scotland leave the uk . 
  reductive arguments do n't work because they intentionally ignore important information . 
  you 're arguing to reward abuses of power because it 's a * fait accompli . 
  aw see that 's nice . 
   it 's a comparison , not a joke . 
  i 'm comparing ireland being pushed around by the british empire to how you want the eu to push around the uk and bend it to its will . 
  the uk applied to enter the eu and applied to leave it , both actions of it 's own free will . 
  the british empire enslaved ireland through war and repressed violently any movement towards independance . 
  the first is free choice , the second is imperialism . 
  britain is guilty of exercising both , the eu of one : the uk is allowed free choice where it did not allow it 's subjects the same right during the age of empire . 
  and you joking about this is vile and bigoted . 
   as for the sovereignty returned , it would obviously include immigration policy which is the big one for many people , in what way ? 
  be specific . 
  you can not close your gates to the eu while remaining in the common market , that much has been decided ( though you did not get to vote for it , your government decided it for you ) . 
  you also did not enforce the guidelines the eu reccomended to curb immigration beforehand , though you could have . 
  you are then left with non-eu migration , which you controlled in the first place , and many of the immigrants are from larger more powerful countries ( india , china ) who would not take kindly to their citizens being denied entry for no reason . 
   though the cookie law and the restrictions on toaster power can get fucked . 
  and those regulations on bendy bananas too , right ? 
   you 're going to have to take my word that i voted remain i 'm not , no . 
  your history follows you on this and i do n't care to indulge any more dishonesty from you . 
   but the financial risks of leaving the eu appear to have been overstated and the political tensions within the eu are more apparent than ever . 
  the financial risks to the uk post-brexit are certain , that much is clear . 
  nevermind that this entire movement was seeded by english ultranationalists eschewing the economic advice from every major financial instution of worth on the planet in favour of money from rupert murdoch and vladimir putin , set on putting his dream of aleksander dugin 's restoration of the russian sphere into reality by co-opting just such small-minded easily-duped nationalists . 
   where ? 
  repeated false equivalncies between england enslaving ireland and britain applying to join the eu , and then joking about `` taking ireland back . '', 
   you do n't get a vote on another country 's independence referendum . 
  that 's just how it works , sorry . 
  but if it did , maybe we 'll bring back the old uk with the whole of ireland ? 
  gross . 
   i 'm making you confront the fact that you 've become precisely what you claim to hate so much . 
  an imperialist . 
   you do n't know what imperialism means . 
  you sound very silly and hypocritical using it to defend england 's imperialist past . 
   sovereignty is something that is diminished when you become part of the eu . 
  in what sense has leaving the eu increased your ability to determine your own fate , as opposed to cause problems ? 
  be specific . 
  an example of a problem caused by brexit is the border brexit creates with the republic of ireland . 
  another example of a problem is the years that you will have to spend desperately trying to restructure trade deals . 
  another example is the massive cost of those years . 
  another example is the increased wave of bigotry and xenophobia washing over your country since then . 
  another example is the fact that you voted for people who lied to you ( the 350 million per week into the nhs bus springs to mind ) . 
  another is that you could have cut immigration had you followed eu guidelines , but chose not to and now face a government unwilling to cut immigration . 
   its no phony promise to say that we 're bringing it closer to home . 
  it 's absolutely a buzzword and it 's very sad that you were suckered into it . 
  had you have been american you would have voted for the candidate who promised to bring back `` are jobs . '', 
  in no way are you bringing anything closer to home . 
  if you can think of an actual example to cite , please do so anytime . 
   i did not vote leave . 
  i voted remain , you did not , and this is the second time i 've seen you attempt to lie about your vote for the sake of an arguement you 've become embroiled in . 
  this is why you only ever end up in nasty one-line fights with people instead of actual dialogue - you are n't interested in learning , you 're interested in being right . 
  the sheer bare-faced absurdity of equating irish freedom from the british empire to the uk applying for entry into and then leaving the european union is testimony to that . 
  your bigotry and self deception is pretty gross . 
  you obviously wish to subjugate the irish again and enjoy joking about it . 
  i 'd advise you to seek help . 
  no wonder you were suckered in with the phoney promise of `` sovereignty '' to vote to impose a border where we were previously in a system that ended borders around the continent . 
  your bigotry rather explains that . 
  it also explains the lack of success in putting brexit in brussels lap instead of you , who voted for it . 
  you love closing borders and keeping people out so you can joke about subjugating others . 
  that 's why you voted for it .
