   i mean i voted remain , and every time there 's a smug post like this i just ask myself ` why am i even here ? ' . 
  i voted remain and the fact that you are questioning your political beliefs ( which is presumably what you 're doing because why else even bring them up ) because of an internet meme is ridiculous . 
  where 's the whiskey ? 
  i would n't pay much attention to odious redditors cowardly looking after their own asses or flat-out trolling . 
  how was ukraine going to impede access to the base when the base was staffed by a significant russian garrison and the russian national army is several times larger and better equipped than ukraine 's ? 
  each application is judged on its own merits as your own quote implies . 
  the border thing is a myth , as has often been pointed out . 
  that 's pretty good !, 
  i love skyscrapers . 
  i live and work in toronto now and it 's one of my favourite things about living here . 
  it just makes so much sense for * everybody , * especially people who ca n't afford to keep building outward . 
  someday dublin will follow in frankfurt 's footsteps and end up looking like a federation city from tng , and it 'll be glorious . 
  crimea was n't ( i 'll be generous here and say * just * ) about the rights of ethnic russians in crimea - it was maintaining access to and control over the warm-water port of sevastopol , without which moscow would lack a major warm-water port . 
  granted , yes , russia had a lease on the port that was good for some time and it 's military was stationed there anyway , but putin is a thin-skinned militaristic autocrat and threats to his military are major concerns to him . 
  macron earning a lot of easy points early on by saying `` things everybody agrees with . '', 
  you can pretty much just put a checkmark next to the `` intellectually bankrupt '' box for anyone who uses the word `` sovereignty '' in any political context ever again thanks to brexit . 
  is this number predicated upon the german-style military ( replacing small-arms with peace-brooms ) or the irish-style ( replacing heavy-arms with the british ) ? 
  it 's crazy how all these anti-eu troll accounts are less than a month old . 
  they already are . 
  the eu has a mutual defence clause . 
  cunts will be cunts . 
  now that 's using your eeas . 
  lem me just - yup , alt-account . 
  oh , * the uk . 
  while it * obviously * is , that 's not murder . 
   for instance , one big problem is the fact that trusts does n't exist or can it be made functional in a civil law country . 
  wait , what ? 
   i do n't think it 's fair to blame the sun and mail for hate-mongering . 
  i think it absolutely is , and that 's coming from someone who 's household had a subscription to both for 20 years . 
  i honestly do n't see how you ca n't . 
   i mean it 's a copycat of the last two london attacks , strikes me as agenda pushing to suggest otherwise . 
  it 's absolutely agenda pushing , yes . 
  the agenda is spot-on , that 's the point of it . 
  it 's a bit tragic yeah , but i do n't think it really detracts from what the cartoon was going for here in skewering the sun and mail for their right-wing xenophobic hate-mongering . 
  it 's more of a regrettable aside . 
  as a northern irishman , i 'm fine with whatever . 
  i do n't see any reason to give special consideration to britain after a ) it left the club and thus naturally should n't get any club privileges b ) it 's left the club covered in a vile air of lies and xenophobia and the half of the country that voted for it have mostly been their usual vile selves about it i also appreciate the fact that the eu has said the irish border ( which i grew up scant miles from ) is a priority . 
  yes , theresa may did half-heartedly parrot this sentiment but it 's rather harder to take that at face-value when this is the incompetent government that needlessly thrust the border issue into contention again by the needless brexit in the first place . 
  but . 
  if a hard border returns there will be violence again . 
  i just wish for a change it 'd effect the disinterested or crooked voters and politicians that foisted it upon us rather than the pro-eu people of northern ireland whom it inevitably will . 
   it cuts both ways i ca n't believe we live in a world where people can say a bad thing . 
  how did it come to this . 
  how did my perfect world get shattered . 
   it 's in rather poor taste considering we now know a bit more about the guy behind this , pleading to be sectioned , trying to drown himself etc. 
  i 'm trying to rationalize this sentence and i 'm failing . 
  can you help me out ? 
  look mate i 'm just saying a bunch of bad words i read in a newspaper that sounded bad in context and now i want to use them here to express my outrage . 
  so how bout you give me a little rope here ? 
  i did n't vote brexit because i *** understood shit , ** did i ? 
  anytime paul dacre 's blood pressure spikes an angel gets it 's wings . 
  oh god he 's still trying to troll in broken english . 
  it 's always the alt-accounts that come out with these things . 
  northern irishman here . 
  the gfa essentially legislated equal rights for catholics/nationalists against sectarian abuses of the state dependant upon an end to paramilitary violence . 
  if one of those pillars is removed , the other goes too . 
  nationalists in norn iron spent half a century fighting to not be treated as second-class citizens in our own country . 
  the threat of a return to that time wo n't be tolersted . 
  that might sound harsh , but this is the end result of the ludicrous brexit/career politician process . 
   it would mean that certain people , no matter how they vote , can not be in government . 
  so the status of catholic nationalists pre-troubles in northern ireland that the dup wishes to return to then . 
  you know , our entire half of the country . 
  edit : he 's a swedish troll account ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  as a northern irishman , yeah this is a serious area of concern . 
  the dup are a bigoted mess at the best of times , and they have been anti-gfa since it 's creation and this gives them some some real potential for sectarian abuse . 
  sure !, 
  who had `` brit brexiter who lies about his politics for internet points ? '', 
   i am a bit worried . 
  he 's a hard-right tory and a proud 1 % er . 
  i guarantee you are showing more interest than he would show in you . 
  * checks / u/amaerijuana 's post history * brit brexiter . 
  * a brit talking about fighting overseas * a brit mocking fighting overseas for non-imperialist reasons, 
  * positive articles posted by people who agree with the man 's sensible positive outlook after literal years of anti-intellectual , xenophobic brexit and trump news feeds * `` man what is with all these macron cultists lately ? '', 
  spoilers - historically the chinese have been * super-xenophobic . 
  as a representative of the reddiors for pretty borders alliance i feel compelled to oppose you * vehemently . 
  `` nope . '', 
  weird how half these anti-eu accounts are alts . 
  so business as per use then . 
  yes but at least you are all united behind brexit now eh ? 
  honestly being one of the remain half ( half ! ), 
  of britain must be so infuriating right now . 
  well obviously . 
  that was only ever a question in the minds of the / u/trucidator 's of the world . 
  just ignore him . 
  he 's having a tantrum . 
  we 've long since abandoned neutrality and happily so . 
  do catch up when you 're not in / r/cringeaanarchy . 
  we support these measures . 
  you can complain if you like , but you only speak for yourself . 
  actually we 're behind this too . 
  the eu and english . 
  but you knew that already . 
  everyone can see this coming , so let 's stop pretending it is n't the most sensible idea that it is . 
  * checks * yep . 
  alt-account . 
  actually serbia started the first world war . 
  how embarrassing . 
  mass incarceration through supercilious crimes . 
  college kids about to start careers losing their future because they were found with a bag of weed .
