  it 's like your dad is * actually * feeding his thoughts to you by working your mouth with his hand up your bum . 
  we were talking about this for years before iirc . 
  i remember this being touted back in 2000-ish . 
  i mean it 's all over game of thrones together with norn iron . 
  that 's shows done wonders for lesser spotted europe . 
  you 're aware tudor was only a style in the country ruled by the tudors ? 
  see , that 's proof that you come from a life of privilege if you think something * that light * was a threat . 
  no , that was proof that you were wrong . 
  lying or ignorant , but wrong . 
  `` i 'm better than you because i was born over in the other valley ! '', 
  vs `` i 'm better than you because i believe in equal rights for everybody , a fair judicial system , an end to hate and corruption , investment in sciences , infrastructure and a celebration of culture that buries old hatred and promotes cross-border friendships . '', 
  so yeah mate . 
  because of * the incident ? 
  while your family owns ... ? 
  when the minority is the majority -1 , anyone saying they do n't care ( as brexiteers are , in this very thread ) are simply lying . 
  ignore virtually anything that poster has to say on ni . 
  it 's quite possible he 's basing his entire woefully uneducated viewpoint on his personal hatred of little old * me . 
  * i wish i were kidding you . 
  no actually , we do . 
  that 's rather why so many british and irish died . 
  considering we were blowing you up over this issue , i really would n't sound so snooty . 
  do n't indulge the troll account . 
  not a lot of surprise in these polls today , eh ? 
  the big man was a welcome sight about stormont , and what 's happened to him is so sad . 
  damn right . 
  that first step is always the hardest , let 's get there and have people bitch about the results . 
  spoilers , the results will be pretty good . 
  i 'll disagree . 
  if it were not for the ira i and my community would n't have equal housing rights , the ability to stand in our own government and the ruc would still be here as a corrupt police force and tool of oppression . 
  how does that change what we achieved in spite of them through struggle ? 
  i 'm glad the violence is over ( presuming brexit does n't send us down yet another hole with their border nonsense ) but that violence was necessary , it 's never * not * going to have been for the sake of our community , our parents and our children . 
  whatever floats your boat . 
  not really , no . 
  they very much are not all equal . 
  neither i nor my community would have equal voting or housing rights without the ira and we would n't be able to represent ourselves and our people in government . 
  it 's originally accredited to james joyce , actually . 
  but as far as i know it was popularized by the famous hunger striker bobby sands . 
  as a norn ironer whose family grew up during the troubles , it 's not really that much of an oversimplification at all . 
  we were refused basic rights including housing , healthcare and the ability to govern ourselves . 
  the state police service was used as a tool of oppression . 
  catholics were interned in the streets of belfast for being catholics . 
  and for every civilian the ira killed , the unionist paramilitaries killed 3 . 
  despite modern social mores , equivocations are n't always justified . 
  as an actual norn ironer - ha . 
  we 're working on it . 
  as a norn ironer currently voting hard against brexit and dup craziness , it 's still nice to hear every now and then . 
  our allies are in nato and russia has historically been terrible to its allies . 
  we would never have any reason to allow it to place its equipment on our shore . 
  the single and sole document on earth referring to this `` deal '' was an incidental referral in an old piece in der spiegel . 
  no other document records it even existing , and the parties involved have repeatedly said it never took place . 
  considering this was during the most documented era of recent history , that should tell you something . 
  it can shift its external focus wherever it likes , the problems it has are internal . 
  a weak economy is not an enticing carrot . 
  i 'm sure i would n't know , how is it threatening montenegro ? 
  more so , * why * are you threatening montenegro ? 
  `` enchanced . '', 
  autocorrect , would n't you know . 
  i can only go by your flair . 
  aggression from who ? 
  currently you guys are the only one taking negative action against monetenegro , and are the only ones likely to do so in the future . 
  this is not something where there is a bloodless party , let 's be crystal clear on that fact . 
  sympathy for serbians does not equate with removing blame for their own actions . 
  i certainly hope this works out well for you guys and brings you closer to the rest of us . 
  those are reasons for montenegro to continue with its current course , not stop . 
  kremlin has lacked a deft touch at foreign policy for a while - when all the other guy has are sticks and no carrots , any carrot we dangle at all looks good . 
  hopefully . 
  it would be nice to see a return too the ideas of reason and progress after the last year of brexit , trump and erdogan inspired ultranationalism and vitriol . 
  it 's truely a shame that it is heading this way , but it 's down to the turkish people to decide how far they 're willing to suffer erdogan 's abuse of power . 
  you do n't agree that because , as an established tory voter , landowner and 1 % er , you are specifically set up to gain as much as possible from it never changing , to the detriment of those beneath you . 
  which is what has happened , from belfast to bradford , glasgow to grimsby , all over the country . 
  as a northern irishman , would you to explain that one to me again ? 
  perhaps over the dead bodies of my family who never knew equal rights or surcease from persecution ? 
  or even equal representation in their own bloody government ? 
  / u/trucidator constantly tries to spin things for his brexiteer cohorts , being a 1 % er as he is , from a position of wealth and privilege not afforded to most and thus interested in protecting his gains . 
  to be clear * you can entirely ignore any mention of the referendum being `` enchanted '' as meaningless * you can rest assured support for brexit has not risen at all but that * he is trying to spin * acceptance of the result * as * support for the result * which is really just a reason you should take anything trucidator ever says with a grain of extra large salt . 
  he has an agenda and he 'll happily misinform you to push it . 
  you 're aware that eu staff have * already * left british universities , private hospitals , the nhs and any number of research programs and joint business ventures specifically because they were made into scapegoats and second-class citizens by the scare-mongering oafs behind brexit ? 
  are you also honestly that selfish to think that because the uk currently gives more in donations to the eu than it receives in rebates ( ignoring the rights and privileges it affords citizens and investment , funding and partnerships from abroad ) that it is not worth it ? 
  as someone from outside of london , that 's incredibly self-centred and wrong . 
  that 's exactly the odious kind of thinking that will lead to an end of the united kingdom . 
  for the sake of arguement , since brexit i as a northern irishman have been pushed to seeking secession and unification . 
  i was for most of my life a very soft nationalist , content to remain in the u.k after the rights and privileges hard won from the troubles and peace pro was . 
  but i just do n't want to be part of this unjust union anymore , it does n't represent me and i do n't see any reason to tether my country to it . 
  hopefully soon we 'll part . 
  in addition , china is doing astoundingly well in a simply amazing short amount of time . 
  look at the difference between shanghai now and 20 years ago . 
  that in beijing or guangzhou or tianjin or wuhan or chongqing . 
  the national infrastructure . 
  the power grid . 
  the changes to environmental law . 
  the corruption-busting . 
  the space agency . 
  for the feats thypehve undertaken for a region of their size and population and unskilled base of a mush-mash of different cultures and religions and languages they 've done amazingly too . 
  are they perfect ? 
  god no . 
  but the effort is worthy of praise , and the massive success is self-evident . 
  whenever they see corrupt politicians lying to the public they get rid of them . 
  it 's s shame that in the u.k. we voted for them . 
  things british people do n't vote for : * their prime minister * their chancellor * their secretary of stste * their secretary of defense * their foreign secretary * their entire upper house of parliament * their head of state that 's not why brexit changed my politics so much though . 
  it was the vileness and obvious flaws of a campaign built to fail that attacked the weakest in society so the comfortable could be * more * comfortable and friends would feel less welcome .
