  i do n't believe anybody could disagree with that . 
  have you met / u/trucidator before ? 
   the gov 's desire to be a `` champion of free trade '' or for `` ambitious ftas '' is incompatible with the gov 's desire for full sovereignty and rejection of foreign influence : `` being a champion of free trade and full sovereignty is simply a fantasy ; '' this is the simple fantasy at the very heart of brexit - you ca n't ask people to come to you while waving them away with the same hand . 
  even children know this is nonsense , and it 's very surprising that an entire nation let itself be fooled into thinking it is n't . 
  * poses with shovel in dirt , giving the camera a sly thumbs up *, 
  to be fair that 's on their first minister ( who tried to pretend northern ireland voted leave when it voted remain ) and deputy first minister ( who 's been very ill ) . 
  they 're both out now though and elections are coming , so we 'll see what happens from there . 
  no , it 's not . 
  she 's meant every word she 's said so far . 
  wow . 
  it 's weird now that we 've got such a crystallized view of our external threats . 
  * putin wants an end to us . 
  * trump wants an end to us . 
  both of 'em . 
  sure that 's why we come out so smooth and easy-going . 
  well said !, 
  it 's hard thinking of a time i 've been more offended by a politician than trump 's attitude towards disintegrating the eu . 
  and i 'm from northern ireland , so you know i 've had some shit thrown at me . 
   she is a conservative ( one that went a little towards the middle of the spectrum , but still not left leaning at all ) bare in mind this title has been used to describe nixon , reagan and both bushes . 
  it 's almost entirely meaningless . 
  it 's use is as a uniter of similar ideals when faced with threats like the ussr ( at the time ) or putin 's russia and , hell , trump 's america now . 
   no vision for europes future and how our sociaty and wealth will survive in the future . 
  i agree that 's something i would like addressed * right away * and i think this is a marvellous opportunity to do it . 
  some direction is better than * no * direction , and i trust merkel , germany and france to reflect my ideas of that future more than i do trump , putin and theresa may . 
   i hope a little trump will bring us a little together , i want europe to survive and have a strong voice in the world agreed !, 
   deviantart i 'm at the office so i ca n't open this , so i 'll just assume it 's nsfw . 
   third rome that 's what moscow calls itself , actually . 
   yes but some vision on how europa should look in the future would be great , and telling us about it ( instead of just solving one problem after the other ) agreed . 
  there have been opportunities to define what the eu is about in the past ( the russian invasion of ukraine on the borders springs to mind ) and with the uk out there 's a chance for more cohesion and a determined picture of what we 're going to look like moving forward . 
   she is not that kind of leadership person , i blame the us media for pretending she could be the concept of `` the leader of the free world '' is a media-created position specifically * for * the us president * by * the us media , but if we 're taking the term to mean anything at all - that it stands for liberty , openness , progressiveness , rule of law and protection under that law - merkel is by far the best person equipped to shoulder this burden . 
  i know german 's get queasy whenever they 're asked to step into the political spotlight but this might be an opportunity to define what not just you ( collectively ) but what we all in the eu ( collectively ) stand for . 
   otllll also what is zis word ? 
  abandoning the rest of your narrative again was probably a good idea . 
  you probably saw you were getting a bit putinesque with the `` proofs !, 
  anyhoo  the poll showed 39 % percent of people opposed to the uk leaving the single market . 
  i 'll just repeat myself : when you 've got a poll showing 50 % of people agreeing with you , to say that is the public opinion is outrageously duplicitous . 
   i really do n't mind how you define `` access to the single market '' and am happy to debate with you using your definitions , even if those definitions are not how they are conventionally used . 
  you can use almost any definition you choose and in practise your statement will be wrong . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
   i am afraid you have not showed me which prominent leave campaigner argued that the uk should stay a member of the single market during the campaign . 
  there 's that careful wording again . 
  must we next entertain the prospect that policy is only suggested if it is put forward by gove or johnson while tapdancing on a rainy tuesday ? 
  or will you have the integrity to admit that this was a common public debate amongst brexiters everywhere from primetime tv to the tabloids ? 
  switzerland . 
  norway . 
  post-truth britain , eh ? 
   the poll was weighted to reflect national demographics and shows a majority wanting to leave the single market . 
  when half the public does not agree with it it is not , as you tried to claim `` the public 's opinion . '', 
  it 's remarkably duplicitous to try to claim so . 
  you 've wisely abandoned the `` every country on earth has access to the single market '' narrative you started . 
  good choice . 
   when i use the expression `` membership of the single market '' , i mean eea . 
  switzerland has partial membership of the single market . 
  there is no universally accepted definition of `` access to the single market '' . 
  during the referendum leave voters were arguing for membership to , access to and leaving the single market . 
  switzerland . 
  norway . 
  post-fact . 
   which prominent leave campaigner or campaign was arguing for single market membership during the campaign ? 
  switzerland . 
  norway . 
  ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/pb_piris_brexit_12jan16.pdf ) [ post-fact trucidator . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/09/30/britain-needs-to-stay-in-the-single-market-in-order-to-make-the/ )  at the time of the referendum , 48 % were opposed , but given that we voted to leave , most people think that we should leave the eu . 
  half your country opposes the entirety of what you are doing . 
  the half that does n't is split over the particulars . 
  opinion masked as truth . 
  post-fact trucidator . 
   this is not really the case . 
  as mentioned , look at the sky poll of yesterday and also the yougov poll of today . 
  a poll of predominantly brexit voters split 50-40-10 . 
  that does n't even support your * own * assertion . 
  post-fact . 
   this is really a very hostile way of debating with someone . 
  then stop trying to bend the facts to your argument instead of your argument to the facts . 
  i 'm not here to indulge your personal preferences . 
   it really depends on how you define `` access '' . 
  no it really does n't , not every country has access to the single market . 
  your statement was false . 
  post-fact britain . 
   during the referendum campaign very few leave campaigners ( and none of the prominent ones ) were arguing that the uk should be members of the single market . 
  i 'm curious to see how carefully you think you have to word a statement for it to pass mustard . 
  you have n't managed it here yet . 
  leave was publicly split on maintain single market membership , single market access and leaving it all together . 
  we all remember the debates about the swizterland model , the canada model , the norway model . 
  post-fact brtain , eh ? 
   of course it is the position of the uk government ( see may 's speech made on tuesday ) . 
  it seems also to be the uk public 's position ( see sky opinion poll of yesterday ) . 
  half your country outright opposes leaving the eu and the other half is split on the single market . 
  post-fact britain . 
  you forgot to answer the question . 
  i 'll just repeat it . 
   i 'm curious as to what choice you think you 'll have . 
  you 're in a weaker bargaining position than the us , the eu , china and india . 
  you 're country 's split in two . 
  scotland 's leaving . 
  ni might be too . 
  your bargaining position rests upon london 's service-based banking industry which is easily moved offshore and already moving in some cases . 
   are you expecting the revival of rover ? 
   i think they are serious about it and know that it is a possibility which they are prepared for . 
  i think assuming your government is prepared for * anything * flies in the face of their immediate history .
