  i 'm confused why you would think anyone would not see that ? 
  i stated that the british empire , where england forced ireland into hegemony , was not the same as the eu where the uk voluntarily applied to enter and later leave . 
  you responded that i said the eu should `` be compulsory . '', 
  this is the kind of transparent dishonesty that drove you to vote for a border and then desperately try to convince everybody else that you did n't . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the uk 's membership in the eu was by application and voluntary . 
  ireland 's involvement in the british empire was not . 
  perhaps some history research would help you better the next time you vote for a pointless border between us where we currently have none . 
  yes , all things you voted for . 
  you just blamed the irish for brexit by leaving the yoke of the british empire under english misrule . 
  your bigotry and ignorance is scary . 
  i pity the half of the country that is being forced into submission against their will . 
  hopefully they wo n't have long to wait to get back into the eu . 
  simple reality is you voted for it against our wishes and against the wishes of your own people . 
  it 's been another 10 . 
  the trick with brexiters is `` use simple reality . '', 
  it is sorted out . 
  it wo n't be sorted out after brexit , because you voted to have a border . 
  nope , you voted for the border . 
  this is all on english heads . 
  in a surprising twist the atlanta falcons have become the first european team to win the super bowl !, 
  aw , see that 's nice . 
  no , your country voted for a border . 
  you had this knowledge beforehand and decided you wanted it . 
  that 's the problem with a campaign founded only on english ultranationalism - it only fools the english , and now they have to try and explain away their awful decisions . 
  no that 's you brexiteers voting to put up this wall between us . 
  this whole thing is your mess . 
  so no , you did n't realize it was a trick . 
  that 's a bit sad . 
  no , you dictated that . 
  you voted to leave the eu and instate this border wall . 
  you knew it would happen and you decided it was what you wanted . 
  this is all on you . 
  you 're aware the sovereignty arguement was meaningless , right ? 
  i mean it sounds like you int was n't just a trick to fool gullible voters . 
  that ca n't be the case with you , right ? 
  no , you would . 
  you voted for it with full knowledge of this against the warning of every other expert or involved party , including ireland and the eu . 
  this is england 's decision , and england 's fault . 
  the entire world and half of england are united in this . 
  you are dangerously unequipped to deal with the real outcome of this . 
  except of course that 's not the case and never was . 
  but you 've rather embarrassingly bought into the sovereignty buzzword . 
  well this is getting sad . 
  i mean i 'm not arguing with you here . 
  it really is . 
  i 'd be frustrated as all hell if i was one of the 48 % . 
  i 'd be marching in the fucking streets . 
  you 're imposing it . 
  you voted explicitly for it . 
  you had this knowledge the entire time and voted for it . 
  it was never hidden from you . 
  this is what you wanted . 
  negotiations with non-eu states go through brussels . 
  also mate you can stop embarassing yourself with the sovreignty stuff . 
  not even all of england bought that tabloid line , and it was crafted specifically to appeal to you . 
  but enough about the english army . 
  justification works that way , yeah . 
  is n't that right , my vietnamese friend ? 
  er , who mentioned a united ireland ? 
  when when weve got plantations , the internments , the penal laws , the famine , the ruc , the lack of representation , no hospitals or housing rights , the police force used as a tool of oppression and all , you do n't really need those quotation marks around oppression . 
  one of the hilarious symptoms of catching brexit fever is english people campaigning on ultranationalism imagining everyone who is n't english is doing a racism against them . 
  there is no party c . we are all currently party a. 
  soon you will be party b. 
  you should be alarmed if this is new to you . 
  to kill the oppressive state which had the , under the yoke and prevented them from acting in government , getting hospital beds or housing rights and using the police force and army as a tool of murder and oppression . 
  y' know , all that fun stuff . 
  english ultra-nationalists like farage tend not to fair so well in ireland . 
  we 're good with it . 
  our voice inside the walls of brussels is small whether or not you lads are there . 
  but it 's listened to and considered , and that counts . 
  heck it 's when brexit failed in northern ireland and scotland . 
  and sending guns and money , thanks . 
  no , the blame for brexit lies with britain . 
  that 's not up for debate ... anywhere outside england anyway . 
  this is an english decision . 
  to try and place the blame for brexit on anyone other than britain is hilariously deluded . 
  we 've already seen this . 
  the white paper was embarrassing in trying to play chums with us in the north , and even on this subreddit we 've seen brexiteers like / u/trucidator and / u/heknarf attempt to place the blame on brussels instead of westminster . 
  it 's ... truly cringeworthy . 
  speaking as a northern ironer who grew up along the border , of course it did . 
  that 's part of the reason ni voted remain and the referendum saw the heretofore unprecedented movement of unionists to cross party lines and vote remain with nationalists . 
  brexit itself is a spit in the face of the poor in general and northern ireland in particular , people in the north are under few illusions about that . 
  aw see that 's nice . 
  aw see that 's nice . 
   monetary system , economy , you can probably conflate these but as other people have said this can be pretty easily solved by adopting the euro or pegging the currency to it/the sterling . 
   foreign affairs yes that 's the chief remit westminster has over scotland and northern ireland . 
  this is n't specific to scotland , hong kong has the same problem with beijing . 
   i admit that i do n't know too much about scottish goverment in uk , but i do n't believe that they have a current goverment that could easily govern on its own at the moment , a lot of things would have to be negotiated between scots and uk ( or what is left of it ) for scotland to even start negotiating with eu . 
  there 's honestly not a lot that has n't already been covered . 
  it would be a lengthy process but one with an easily discernible beginning middle and end . 
   all i am saying that its not that easy for them to get in eu if they leave uk and they should not bet on just eu before leaving uk i imagine it 'll be easier than you think . 
  each case it 's judged on it 's own specific circumstances and given public opinion i would n't be overly surprised by whatever happens . 
  scotland has the scottish court system , education system , health system ... what are you talking about here ? 
  foreign affairs and military ? 
  it 's almost entirely functional apart from certain matters westminster `` reserves . '', 
  to imply it 's non-functional is dishonest . 
  is it fuck . 
  sweet , get in there you crazy krauts . 
  how is northern ireland in the top fifth of this ?
