  it was the willingness to shoot themselves in the foot if they could say the bullet was smelted in surrey . 
  i grew up in northern ireland . 
  i * know * what lack of sovereignty is . 
  you do n't . 
  none of you do . 
  and i know when i see someone lying to others for their own gain , mssrs . 
  johnson , farage & gove . 
  i know when i see a selfish gambit gone wrong . 
  and i 've had enough of it , i became a hardline republican . 
  previously i was happy for unification to come when it would , as my people in northern ireland had achieved after the troubles and the peace process rights and privileges britain was n't interested in assuring us - things like equal housing rights , rights to represent ourselves in parliament , and the right not to be abused by the loathesome state police . 
  but no more . 
  i do n't want to be associated with you any more . 
  i honestly ca n't trust you to govern yourselves - a peaceful , successful state - never mind us , a small , split and troubled one . 
  it 's been made clear that you 've elected generations of career politicians who do n't care about us or even your own country , and i want us to part now . 
  i moved my vote from the sdlp to sinn fein along with almost everyone in my previously light-green little village . 
  hopefully we 'll get the peace and unity we want under sensible governance elsewhere . 
  now i appreciate you do n't want political union . 
  that 's fine . 
  it 's silly to me - i definitely trust german and french politicians more than i trust british or northern irish ones - but i can understand why . 
  i ca n't fathom spitting in the face of your friends and political , scientific and economic progress , or the realities of a changing world filled with strife where we are collectively a bastion of decency and good values together , or where we 'll be forced to contend with superpowers old and new , belligerent and aloof in the us , china , india and russia . 
  i want to do that together , but it 's clear that `` together '' can no longer mean `` together with you . '', 
  and to my fellow remainers in england , scotland and wales that makes me sorry , but i think you understand what i 'm saying . 
  to the brexiteers , well , you 'll complain about this many years from now , i just hope you learn something from it . 
  that 's literally * the reason it exists * the reason we entered it * the reason i voted remain, 
  i think - yeah - yeah i think i hear the sound of some backtracking coming from over there !, 
  good lord what nonsense . 
  this is absolutely very serious . 
  we should all be immediately pushing for our local politicians to make sure this is understood . 
  they ca n't do as they like to us . 
  choosing not to pay your largest trading partner is not a smart move . 
  then again brexit was n't a smart move . 
  surely you 're not suggesting a narrative is being pushed ? 
  see you again in another 7 days , alt account !, 
   kicked out hoooooooly shit, 
  i think you need to hush little alt account . 
  take a breath and step away from the computer , lad . 
  same to you , mate . 
  i 'm both irish and british . 
  take your embarrassing nationalism and aim it elsewhere , / u/casualview . 
  and now come the eye-rolling charges of bigotry . 
  grow up for god 's sake . 
  yes , you are collectively responsible when you whine for month after month poster after poster en masse about the reporting of how disastrous brexit is and what an odious nationalist , bigoted , anti-expert mess it ended up being . 
  unpleasant facts do n't go away because they happen to * your * country , your reactions to those facts are what people remember and most english brexiteers end up doing exactly what you just did ; whining and very-quickly resorting to petty charges of ... 
  * bigotry . 
  i rather think you have yourselves to blame for that ; it was the same for russian posters after russia invaded ukraine , and american posters after the us invaded iraq . 
  edit : and indeed i 'm already beaten by several british posters in this very thread complaining about / r/europe . 
  and here come the english brexiteers to * spin 44 % saying they want one and 46 % saying they do n't as saying they do n't and * complain broadly about / r/europe, 
  thanks goscinny & uderzo for some of my childhood 's favourite comics , and for almost breaking my back in that wooden coaster in parc asterix . 
  he 's also dangerously proud and arrogant , which makes him think he can do whatever he wants in the face of facts and expert advice . 
  it 's okay , we 'd laugh too . 
  you repeating yourself only makes it sadder . 
   haha wow , that just got really sad, 
  it would be nice if this were an end to the wave of idiot-nationalism that damaged britain , the phillipines and the like last year , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
   haha wow , that just got really sad, 
  you voted for a hard border with full knowledge aforethought . 
  discussion ends . 
  haha wow , that just got really sad, 
  yeah , that sounds about right . 
  so that 's a no then . 
  that 's legitimately a no . 
  lovely . 
  you 're literally arguing that * x * means * y. 
  * i think intellectual dishonesty is the best label you could hope for considering . 
  anyway , off you trot . 
  i 'm not sure why i expected a guy who voted for a campaign founded on complete lies not to try and fabricate arguements out of whole cloth , but here we are - a dishonest brexit voter literally saying black is white . 
  i get that you 're a brexiteer but you do understand * your political system * why it 's built to resist change and * why that 's a bad thing right ? 
  i mean i get that you 're really invested in brexit and good for you , but you 're already aware of the fraudulence of your own statements , so why bother even asking them ? 
  i 'm not expecting your country to be le to effect political change even though your people want it , because you 're system is set up for that not to be so . 
  you can thank electing a lifetime of career politicians , the fptp system and leaving your media unchecked for that . 
  i mean , you probably will * actually * thank them for that ( which - lol ) because this is a game of football to you rather than an actual debate on macro-political macro-economic policy , but then that 's your cross to bear , not mine . 
  because that assertion is inherently fraudulent , doubly so when one consults the data you yourself linked  * the assertion that 48 % no longer want to remain is false - the linked article merely asserts most of them accept the outcome of he referendum * there 's no link between both of the above and voting tory * there is , quite obviously , no proof that these people voting tory are `` happy '' to do so did you think you could defend such a patently fraudulent statement and not get called on it ? 
  you already have my response in your other post , you 're just being silly now . 
  there are no remain-supporting parties apart from the lib dems who , even before brexit , were a distant third . 
  and beyond that , the elderly gents who voted brexit are split among all constituencies , which is why the referendum vote * map * looked much more one-sided than the actual vote count . 
  and labour have tailored their response to that , because the british fptp political system is laughably broken  but of course you knew that already , so why you even wanted to ask must have been purely out of pride . 
  see my other post p . as much as brexiteers would like to pretend otherwise , even they know the difference between accepting the results of a referendum and changing your mind on it , 
  i 'm not going to respond to you if you 're just going to spam the same post over and over , 
  another winning irony-free sentence fragment from the author of `` we are going in full stop '' and `` you pick the amount of lube ! '', 
  i get that you brexiteers are the immature emotional types but you really do have to come to terms with the difference between accepting a result and agreeing with it . 
  which you do n't seem interested in doing , because ... see above . 
  and yes mate , remainers were united in wanting to maintain the status quo . 
  you chaps were and continue to argue about the make-believe you bought into . 
  oh well , it 'll only hurt yourselves . 
  capitalize chief , and you should probably avoid using so many sentence fragments while you 're at it . 
  oh gross , he 's still here !, 
  see my response to the other guy who linked that very same article . 
  while i do love the chav talk from a teenager , this shows allmost exactly the same numbers still hold their position on brexit . 
  it 's literally the first topic in the article . 
  you really have no idea what you 're talking about , and that 's pretty funny . 
  look out little englishman !, 
  the big bad european is going to take all your `` sovereignty '' , 
  you do n't need to capitalize `` newspaper '' there , chief . 
  we 're not , no . 
  because you voted for a border when you voted for brexit . 
  as you 've been told dozens of times before by dozens of people trucidator . 
  you do n't get to run away from the consequences of your own actions . 
  do you ever stop to listen to half the male-believe shit you end up typing ? 
  it 's like you 're writing the hobbit . 
  hundreds of thousands of remainers marched against this , as opposed to a couple hundred brexiteers who continue to argue with each other . 
  brexiteers seem really nervous about shifting the arguement on from their silly decision .
