   sovereignty amazing how tainted this word has become . 
  it 's now so ubiquitous whereas previously i 'd only see it in ck2 threads . 
  because people understand what an implied promise is and do n't like being made fools of . 
   `` we send $ 350 million to the eu every week . 
  let 's fund our nhs instead . '', 
  they did n't , no . 
  i 'm not sure you know what you 're talking about if you think you remember remain campaigning to leave the single market . 
  sure , but you 're not going to get a better deal than you had . 
  this is the consequence of believing nonsense . 
  even half of your own country disagrees with you . 
  yeah they just paid for and drove around this giant lie on the side of a bus for 3 months because it did n't matter to their voter base . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong , my mockery goes deeper than `` they got caught out on a lie , '' which is absolutely what the $ 350 million bus fiasco was . 
  it 's that both the campaign and it 's supporters made similar empty promises to the public and each other * even when they conflict . 
  * hence trucidator inferring ( but not promising ) help for these nebulous african economies at the expense of britain . 
   this is one of the wonderful things about brexit , we can put in place new free trade arrangements with african countries that are not protectionist . 
  and you can start putting that $ 350 million back into the nhs every week . 
  oh , the things brexiters promise that they * could * do . 
   no deal is better than a bad deal . 
  which you did n't have , considering you are in this very thread currently arguing for the same privileges which you earlier voted against , including :  free trade deals are mutually advantageous . 
   free trade deals are mutually advantageous . 
  you had one . 
  you voted against it . 
  * there is a long , drawn out , weary sigh * that 's dumb . 
   i expect some people who voted remain to be angry , considering brexiteers argued vocally and publicly between themselves for the `` norway option '' and the `` switzerland option '' and the `` canada option '' i think you 're rather knowingly selling that metric short . 
  that was n't the campaign promise i recall hearing . 
  beauty , culture , attractive people , take your pick . 
  all empires fall from within . 
   not only was england a net beneficiary of european budget , wait , do you have a source on that ? 
  everything i 've heard said it was a net contributor ( unless i 've misunderstood you here ) . 
  london voted overwhelmingly to remain , and every major financial and educational institution involved in it counselled to do so . 
  it 's just unfortunate more people voted for this pointless thing than voted against it . 
  thin skin ? 
  i 'm certain redditors feel they can misdirect any conversation at any time , anywhere just by using the word butthurt , regardless of whether it has anything to do with anything . 
  it 's amazingly indicative of the poster using it . 
  that french one is also super true for japanese as well . 
  try and speak japanese to a native and they get more and more disgusted the better you get at it . 
  oh really , the guys on the ground ? 
  why was that ? 
  very nice !, 
  it 's quite an impressive building . 
  i hope the seminar on the workings of two bodies was n't too boring !, 
  this is a rather confusing statement . 
  the eu has [ 4 enchanced cooperation procedures in place , not 3 , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enhanced_cooperation#usage ) if you include the financial transaction tax procedure . 
  but that procedure is still a proposal in the negotiation phase and quite obviously not in force . 
   i 'm not sure what difference it would have made had article 50 been triggered immediately after the vote . 
  it 's the legal point of no return , which in this case rather than offering more uncertainty simply removes the option for the uk of returning to the known business and trade norms of the status quo and hurls them headlong unprepared into years of negotiations with their most important trading partner . 
  your statement was that they predicted direct harm and got it wrong :  it tells us that those people that predicted that the uk economy would be harmed by the vote to leave ( hmt , boe , european commission , imf etc ) got things wrong in their predictions . 
  which your own citations do not support . 
  not that cautious predictions had since been more positively revised . 
  please stop attempting to spread misinformation to further your preferred narrative . 
   both my earlier links contained economic predictions about the growth of the uk economy based on the vote to leave that have now been upgraded . 
  you have now moved the goalposts * again * to `` these predictions have since been upgraded . '', 
  both articles you cited referred to uncertainty based upon the referendum decision , not to calamity . 
   you are still being too hostile . 
  once again , do not use decorum to defend your use of misinformation . 
  you are repeatedly making statements not based on fact purely to support your own politics . 
  on top of this you 've now moved the goalposts again to `` both before and after the referendum , '' under the presumption that your next post will contain predictions post-referendum to try and support your earlier statements which your own cited articles did not support . 
  once again , please stop lying . 
  it is against the policies of this forum . 
  then you continue to intentionally mislead people and have now further doubled back your argument to predictions of vaguely defined `` harm '' which is not only pointlessly indeterminate but not supported by your own cited articles . 
   even if those predictions were made on the basis of false assumptions , do not try and change the goalposts . 
  you 've acknowledged you were willfully lying about the basis of the economic predictions , now please see to it that you do n't repeat these claims in future . 
   imf july forecast whose modest and reasoned predictions do not support your statement :  \u2022 with `` brexit '' still very much unfolding , the extent of uncertainty complicates the already difficult task of macroeconomic forecasting . 
  the baseline global growth forecast has been revised down modestly relative to the april 2016 weo ( by 0.1 percentage points for 2016 and 2017 , as compared to a 0.1 percentage point upward revision for 2017 envisaged pre-brexit ) . 
  brexit-related revisions are concentrated in advanced european economies , with a relatively muted impact elsewhere , including in the united states and china . 
  pending further clarity on the exit process , this baseline reflects the benign assumption of a gradual reduction in uncertainty going forward , with arrangements between the european union and the united kingdom avoiding a large increase in economic barriers , no major financial market disruption , and limited political fallout from the referendum . 
  but -- as illustrated in box 1 -- more negative outcomes are a distinct possibility . 
   european commission autumn 2016 forecast whose positive assessments do not support your statement :  modest growth in challenging times  commission forecasts 2017 euro area growth of 1.5 % and eu growth of 1.6 % hindrances to growth and the weakening of supportive factors . 
  economic growth in europe is expected to continue at a moderate pace , as recent labour market gains and rising private consumption are being counterbalanced by a number of hindrances to growth and the weakening of supportive factors . 
  in its autumn forecast released today , the european commission expects gdp growth in the euro area at 1.7 % in 2016 , 1.5 % in 2017 and 1.7 % in 2018 ( spring forecast : 2016 : 1.6 % , 2017 : 1.8 % ) . 
  gdp growth in the eu as a whole should follow a similar pattern and is forecast at 1.8 % this year , 1.6 % in 2017 and 1.8 % in 2018 ( spring forecast : 2016:1.8 % , 2017 : 1.9 % ) . 
   all member states to benefit from the current recovery  while the trend of widely differing economic performance continues , eu gdp is now higher than before the crisis and gdp in some member states stands more than 10 % above its trough . 
  over the forecast period , economic activity in all member states is set to increase further but to remain uneven . 
  and which limit discussion of the uk ( of any nature ) to a single reasoned paragraph :  risks to the forecast have risen in recent months and are clearly tilted to the downside , including as a result of the uk ` leave ' vote , which has raised uncertainty and can be seen as an indicator of heightened policy risks in the current volatile political environment . 
  external risks , such as uncertain economic trends in china and the risk of aggravating geopolitical conflicts have also risen . 
   your tone is too hostile for this forum , please change it . 
  please do not try and protect your repeated attempts to mislead people with false concern for decorum . 
   it tells us that those people that predicted that the uk economy would be harmed by the vote to leave ( hmt , boe , european commission , imf etc ) got things wrong in their predictions . 
  that of itself tells us something interesting . 
  you 've repeated this lie time and again , presumably in the hopes that people will eventually tired of correcting you . 
  predictions of a british economic downturn were predicated upon the repeated and public promises by the british prime minister david cameron that he would action article 50 , the legal point of no-return on leaving the eu , immediately after a leave victory , not upon the non-binding referendum result . 
  you know this , yet you 've continued to lie about it for months . 
  please stop doing so . 
  the problem is n't democracy , it 's * the voting system * the unchecked power of the rightwing media suffusing english society * the referendum itself, 
   `` schindler and i are like peas in a pod : we 're both factory owners , we both made shells for the nazis , but mine worked , dammit ! '', 
  - c. montgomery burns , on the shortcomings of the german manufacturing colossus . 
  this guy gets it . 
  those sideburns are n't regulation . 
  the impel response to this is things change . 
  * waves tiny eu flag *, 
  haha , that 's great !, 
  wow it 's like distilled worthlessness in a post , good job !, 
  defending basing your opinion on reading fucking sun articles by quoting memes . 
  astounding work . 
  that ca n't be right . 
  i loved these guys but particularly with their movies i had serious * tom & jerry * problems with them . 
  caesar tried so hard !, 
  i wanted him to win just * one time . 
  afghanistan choosing pakistan over the us is much more shocking to me . 
  who the fuck in the uk is voting for * iran ?
