  these should never have been permitted . 
   not to do something partisan you keep using that phrase and it 's just baffling . 
   it 's a bit rich that you 're accusing them of taking sides because they tried to stop the irish government from doing something massively partisan . 
  * stares at you in baffled silence * ensuring the legal mechanism agreed upon in the good friday agreement is able to function is `` massively partisan ? '', 
  it 's a reunification . 
  considering the rest of this thread is just a single english redditor making a tit of himself i 'll just take this opportunity to roll my eyes at the tories again and move on . 
  that or the modern irish state which britain arbitrarily partitioned 100 years ago so they could retain as much land as possible while ensuring a loyal unionist majority . 
   when they take possession of part of your country . 
  speaking as a northern irishman , boy is that rich . 
   one of the best ... working conditions is that a joke ? 
  nurses in the nhs are among the most overworked , overlooked and underpaid in the world . 
  there really is no reason . 
  it was a bad decision and now pride is forcing them to commit to it , simple as that . 
  i 'll take `` not showing up to westminster '' over the dup . 
  the sdlp is a nationalist party . 
  it 's like the flems and walloons if everybody was a jerk !, 
  the uup were the largest party and the dup were the fringe before the signing of the good friday agreement in 1998 effectively ended the troubles , but the dup whipped up outrage and fear among unionists about the concept of sharing power with nationalists ( and the endless sword of damocles of a united ireland above their heads ) that they swept into power and have stayed the main party ever since . 
  there is n't one . 
  the uup is the less-severe version of the dup ( at least until they got rid of their last leader for `` not being unionist enough '' ) . 
  every unionist party is significantly right-wing by most political spectrums . 
  as a northern irishman , it is . 
  the tories went into coalition with a more religious , xenophobic , fascistic version of ukip . 
  them . 
  i 'm sure everyone is going to be doing a diligent 5 minute googling this morning on who the democratic unionist party are , but let me just break it down for you - they are literally the worst party on the roster . 
  they are corrupt , bigoted , racist , anti-lgbt , anti-secularism , anti-fact , and a big pile of fucking cunts . 
  the tories got in bed with a religious version of the empire . 
  he did n't ? 
  he was elected head of the labour party which was pro-eu and was openly derided - including by me - for not campaigning as well as he could have . 
  as soon as the campaign was over he demanded compliance and support for brexit . 
  this feels like you 're being intentionally dishonest now . 
  he has n't changed his position ? 
  he instigated a 3-line whip to ensure article 50 passed for god 's sake . 
   you kidding me , right ? 
  corbyn has been opposed to the eu ever since the 1990 's . 
  did you accidentally respond to someone else ? 
  corbyn opposing the eu is entirely consistent with his lifelong policies . 
   corbyn has little backbone , the man has stuck to his principals in 34 years of elected office . 
  i do n't understand this criticism at all . 
  he has more backbone than most of westminster put together . 
   i really hope she is going to lose . 
  unless a truly * monumental * scandal surfaces over the next 24 hours do n't expect that to happen . 
  however , the good news is that the reason she called this snap-election ( to seize a tory super-majority ) seems all but impossible now . 
  she 'll try and make a win out of whatever result she gets , but she personally has taken a massive battering over this from all angles . 
   that 's not accurate . 
  people voted knowing that there would be some disruption . 
    whether that was the full godzilla style fall out that the remain campaign promised immediately after the vote , this is so hypocritical it 's staggering . 
  you can either condemn * some * remain outlets for promising damage ( not `` doom and gloom '' and `` world war 3 '' which were * literally * terms used by brexiters to hyperinflate and ridicule any notion of economic distress caused by brexit ) * or * you must admit brexiteers voted without consideration for economic consequence despite how frequently and resoundingly it was drilled home to them . 
  pick one . 
  does such a thing even exist ? 
   how many more article 50s do you want ? 
  you guys have a hard time understanding you were alone in your delusion , huh ? 
  riiiiiiight . 
  the obvious lie has already devolved from `` it 'll be grand ! '', 
  to `` it 'll be their fault , not ours ! '', 
  remainers have just cause to be smug/frustrated about now . 
  yup , as we were before the recession . 
  * waves celebratory ikea receipts *, 
  do you have evidence of the conspiracy and that the conspiracy is commit x ? 
   socialist found the american . 
  * nausiccaa intensifies *, 
  the police receive thousands upon thousands of warnings , most of which end up being utterly inconsequential . 
  it 's simply not possible to act on every warning in a logistical sense , and even if they had the manpower and time to do it there 's a limited amount of stuff they could do legally anyway . 
  until a guy actually * commits a crime * you ca n't charge him for it . 
  the reality is if someone wants to steal a van and plow it into a bunch of people there 's not much the police can do to stop him . 
  the politicians who have given rise to the terrorists * cause * however , * that 's * a different story . 
  hey i wonder who this is downvoted at the bottom of the artic - * yup . 
  every single poll i 've seen for years has had the tories in the lead . 
  pristine case of fact vs opinion . 
  the only tragedy is this tory wo n't ever acknowledge being wrong and learn from it . 
  * clair de lune intensifies *, 
  bbc question time is still being staffed by britain first supporters for britain first supporters , and it 's an absolute joke . 
  i have no idea what that second sentence is supposed to mean . 
  so fund criminals so that they do n't become terrorists . 
  we should be strengthening the rule of law , not tiptoeing around cultural definitions of how bendy a banana is . 
  that 's an advocacy for federalization and political union if ever i heard one . 
  london , sure . 
  but if london were all that mattered then they would n't even be leaving the eu . 
  oh absolutely . 
  people are just getting carried away despite the polls closing every election . 
  that picture is not flattering . 
  it honestly looks like someone 's pointed a gun at her . 
   i have not breached any rules of this sub and my comment has not been removed by the moderators . 
   the comment has not been removed . 
  oh , this was a *** fun *** read . 
  the uk voted to leave a huge amount of collaborative research groups when you left the european union and made it substantially more difficult for cross-borders partnerships and talent to reach the uk . 
  this was entirely by the uk 's design . 
  were the pursuit of academic knowledge it 's goal instead of the pursuit of flimsy rhetoric , it would not have tossed such agreements so casually to the wind . 
  she sounds like a mess . 
  ... she * is * pretty fit though . 
  i honestly looked up the mayor of rome because i thought that 's what m5s was . 
  help me out here . 
  `` why would we ever build our town up on this windy-ass mountain far away from water or arable land ? '', 
  `` trust me , reddit 's gon na love it . '', 
  side note , i always thought gothenburg was a really cool name . 
  sounds like a town ripe for skullduggery and clandestine ne'erdowells . 
  `` thank christ for his * low , * low prices on interior decoration . '', 
  some of this sounds really depressing . 
  what the heck happened to rome ? 
  i mean it empirically , provably * is very good for the us . 
  * so everyone is completely justified in ignoring this crazy old man 's idiotic ramblings , because he 's both wrong and going to forget about it in a day .
