  most of it by uk redditors pissed at their own government , who will be the worst ones off . 
  make shit decisions that effect a lot of people , get called out on it . 
  russians whined about exactly the same thing after their government invaded ukraine . 
  did n't change amthing . 
  i love that most of these are coming from british cartoonists . 
  yessss , this is the kind of shit-slinging i want * everyone * to engage in when trump is concerned . 
  a chicken can fight even if you cut it 's head off !, 
  analogy well-chosen , mr. juncker !, 
  despite calling the remain campaign `` project fear '' , brexit was heavily based in a fear of `` the other , '' and that `` other '' was both refugees/immigrants and the eu . 
  this is something i saw first-hand , and it 's gross . 
  i know this is a broadsheet and i 'm about to equate it to a tabloid , but seeing this next to the stupid bullshit the daily mail comes out with just really makes me flabbergasted . 
  hold your print media to account britain , please !, 
  * hushed gasps from the audience *, 
  oh come on now . 
  this was agreed long before the referendum happened . 
  oh fuck you italy , with your idyllic landscapes and dreamlike port towns . 
  i spilled my coffee and a seagull barked at me this morning . 
  not that we 'd have any experience with that sort of thing . 
  it 's a cool flag , is n't it ? 
  - obelix , probablement, 
  well , i 'm convinced . 
  could n't you surf to where the islands use to be and then surf back ? 
  no , * you 're * beautiful . 
  also : give us our hat back . 
  based on what metrics and at what cost ? 
  at the cost of offending your most important trade partners and splitting your country in two ? 
  you 're going to strike some big trade deals with nigeria and guam that you never previously had to replace all that stable and lucrative trade from the richest and most reliable trading bloc in the world , are you ? 
  i 'm not sure how any of that gives the impression that cutting ties with your closest allies and trading partners is n't isolationist . 
  it 's a removal from a larger trading bloc with everyone one of your closest allies and neighbours and a statement that you do n't agree with their policies and beliefs in favour of your own . 
  i 'm not sure how this is n't isolationist . 
   the biggest sign of protectionist instincts is brexit itself , does may know that ? 
  brexiteers commonly describe brexit as being internationalist despite it being massively isolationist . 
  oh man would that piss me off if i were a scottish citizen . 
  the concept that `` people can be corrupt '' is neither hard to understand nor worth time arguing about when you lack any ability to provide that that corruption is an any serious way present . 
  these are incredibly flimsy . 
  a 14 year old report about a single person ? 
  that 's evidence of a problem with corruption ? 
  except they 're staffed and run by conservative politicians . 
  and staffs the audience with far right group members . 
  it 's entirely an internal matter for them at that point . 
  if they wish to abide by the laws of an outside orgnization that they have no say in for ease of business , that 's fine . 
  it just seems to fly in the face of 9 months of rhetoric . 
  hat 's off to atat\u00fcrk , he was a very special man with a very special vision . 
  well to be fair neither did the welsh or the northern irish . 
  bbc in rightwing shocker . 
  super . 
  you have my sympathies . 
  internet teens do n't get a vote . 
  got some nice legs on you there , girl . 
  not all of us , actually . 
  thanks donny !, 
  i hope she rolled it up and ate it right in front of him before giving him a slap . 
  hookers though ? 
  forget about it . 
  generally speaking that 's my impression too . 
  also it means i 've probably bought a car or something and wo n't be going out for a while . 
  comparatively to 100 years ago the u.k. manufactures next to nothing , it 's industry is mostly in services . 
  although you still see the label on fashion items and rovers , if anybody had bought rovers . 
  a political protestor with a sense of humour ? 
  explain that one with your precious science !, 
  good morning , europe !, 
  because it was right wing . 
  you then equated that with invalid . 
  nobody is victimizing anyone , just try and keep your arguement straight . 
  i did n't make that allegation , you did . 
  i did n't equate right wing with invalid , you did . 
  now you 're trying to put words in my mouth based on what you came up with . 
  if you have your own opinion lead with that instead rather than trying to fabricate one for me so you can tear it down . 
  hah , yeah the canadian customs and security guys really are something . 
  i fly in and out of toronto a lot and hoo boy , those guys do n't mess around . 
  why did you decide to equate right-wing with invalid ? 
  do you imagine erdogan would pay much heed to allegations of vote-tampering ? 
  does he have the power just to ignore that ? 
  the obvious worry i guess is that that secrecy is compromised by erdogan 's cronies . 
  artistic license . 
   funny : earlier on you described his argument as then you 're quoting * me , * not him . 
  if you go back in * my * post-history you 'll see i described michael fassbender as the second coming of christ . 
  i would n't hang any irreligious arguements on * that * one though . 
   i think we can now safely concluded that however one decides to summarize/paraphrase/represent what he wrote in the article , you 're hysterically scream `` strawman '' - even when it 's your own paraphrasing . 
  no , i think what we can conclude is that you 're simply incapable of dealing with someone 's arguement when it 's carefully worded and thoughtfully laid-out , rather than a single line you 've purpose-built to tear down . 
  could you get in trouble on the actual polling day for voting `` no '' ? 
  until you stop putting words into his mouth you wo n't stop getting called out for strawmanning . 
  he did n't say `` engineered '' or enflamed . 
  there 's an entire article full of words there that he * did * say . 
  addressing what someone said as opposed to what they * did n't * is what an honest debate is about . 
  presumably then any country can be rich and , logically , any country can be poor then . 
  regardless of religion . 
  i 'm trying to consider the distances involved where this would actually be possible . 
  this is a tangent , but those are some stunningly beautiful buildings . 
  i mean . 
  you could simply argue with what he says rather than what he does n't , for a start . 
   shipping this is amazing . 
  fertilizer fer the spuds . 
  someone 's up past his bedtime . 
  no-one said that apart from you , but you attempted to present it as otherwise . 
  hence : strawman . 
  i hope this was informative for you . 
   oh , it 's the difference between `` needed '' and `` helped '' that is troubling you ? 
  well both their common use and your particular use of them in your arguement are entirely different , so yes it 's rather a point of concern . 
  for instance you would not use the word `` murder '' when you mean the word `` save , '' having as they do entirely different meanings .
