  what in god 's name is going on ? 
   and would n't have a functional goverment as soon as they leave , scotland , like northern ireland , has a devolved government . 
   of course not , there is no such mechanism in place right now . 
  but that does n't mean anything , if there is political will on both sides , anything is possible . 
  pretty much . 
  this is n't a statement of * intent , * this is a statement of * fact . 
  * particularly given the endless - and it honestly does seem endless - whining and bullshit spiralling out of brexit 's ongoing debacle i would n't be surprised at all to see growing support for a special system for scotland . 
  considering every country gets a special ascension process * anyway . 
  that 's studio ghibli-esque . 
  except no hills . 
  until then i 'll presume this is lukashenko doing what he always does . 
  your flag is too similar to ours . 
  we 're hearby abusing our power to force you to change it . 
  huehuehu - wait . 
  what 's the austrian version of huehuehue ? 
  you 've been to dublin then . 
  plus , how are you supposed to play it with all those cars driving on it ? 
  that 's pretty cool actually . 
  settle down there . 
  heck , when i was a kid and my parents took our family to america for holidays we 'd sit in a 2-hour course about how big cities work there . 
  it totally helps . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  how is this anything other than political ? 
   according to the dgse , russia intends to support the campaign of marine le pen `` on social networks , using computer bots which will generate positive messages by the thousands or by revealing the data and confidential emails of its opponents '' . 
  the thing is this obviously has an affect , and what is there to do to stop it ? 
  if you 're not settled on a candidate and you see thousands of posters talking about how great someone is you 're probably going to go along with them , rather than check if it 's true or not . 
  the fallout of russia allowing itself to become a dictatorship with a president-for-life who thinks he can do whatever he wishes and meddle where he pleases continues . 
  sponsorship of far-right anti-eu movements across he continent through financial aid and advice following the principles of aleksander dugin . 
  no i 'm being accurate because i 'm speaking with brexiters . 
  which is n't what captainreggie said :  i 'm only basing it on the fact that a lot of scottish nationalists are fond of the eu more than england, 
  you do n't know , as i guessed . 
  the answer is it is an incomplete list of * local authorities , * because as the quote states not all local authorities are counted towards wards or constituencies . 
  however we are talking about constituencies , and they are all there - [ you can check if you like ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_westminster_constituencies_from_2005 ) - and all the scottish ones voted remain . 
   i 'm not arguing that what he said is wrong . 
  i 'm arguing the significance of what he said . 
  you 're being pedantic for the sake of being pedantic . 
  it 's a complete list of constituencies . 
  what constituencies are left out of it ? 
  take all the time you need to answer . 
  i 'll be right here . 
  nope . 
   notes : this is an incomplete list as not all local authorities counted by ward or constituency . 
  those local authorities who were not tallied by ward or constituency ( and feel free to provide evidence of them if you have it ) were counted directly towards voting area . 
  [ pop . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/results_of_the_united_kingdom_european_union_membership_referendum,_2016#result_by_constituency ), 
  [ well do n't worry , here 's proof disproving you . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brexit#/media/file:united_kingdom_eu_referendum_2016_area_results_2-tone.svg ), 
  actually it is . 
  per your article :  a cluster of six wards in the banff and buchan area in north aberdeenshire had a strong leave majority of 61 % . 
  `` a cluster of six wards . '', 
  the current wards in banff and buchan are :  the aberdeenshire council wards of durn , banff west and boyndie , banff , aberchirder , macduff , gamrie king edward , buchan north , fraserburgh west , fraserburgh north , fraserburgh east , fraserburgh south , buchan north east , south buchan , central buchan , lonmay and st fergus , mintlaw old deer , mintlaw longside , boddam inverugie , blackhouse , buchanhaven , peterhead central roanheads , clerkhill , dales towerhill , cruden , turriff west , turriff east , upper ythan , and fyvie methlick . 
  yep . 
  proof to the contrary ? 
  the nuclear aspects of trident are the entirety of trident . 
  it is a nuclear deterrent . 
  well putin succeeded in fooling brexiters and americans , so he probably feels pretty good about himself . 
  fuck 'em both i say . 
  they prefer remaining in the eu , your statement verified that as being of a 2 to 1 majority in fact . 
  if it was n't worth singling out then why did you try and respond with a figure that shows a third of them voted to leave ? 
  shock-horror , / r/russia regular complains about people complaining about russian interference abroad . 
  * you 're * the one who singled it out . 
  pedants trying to pedant . 
  brexiteers do n't go in for logic . 
   36 % of snp voters voted to leave the eu . . i.e 64 % of snp voters voted to remain in the eu . 
  super . 
  does n't remove the problem . 
  poland had to meet criteria relating to exactly these areas before being admitted into the eu though . 
  you do n't seem to understand that the referendum was on proportional terms , and scotland is thereby not being represented properly . 
   i do n't think you understand what you 're talking about . 
  i imagine that would n't go down too well . 
  it does , because more people voted remain than leave in every constituency , which is the same system that gave leave the victory in england and wales . 
  you 're complaining because you do n't like the outcome , and you 're using dishonest reasoning to do it . 
  because more people voted remain than leave in every constituency . 
  still waiting . 
  what do you mean `` out of whack '' ? 
  just because there were fewer of them does n't mean they were underrepresented . 
  it means there were fewer of them . 
  well let 's address that problem then : where are people dying ? 
   you can blame it on whatever you want but the reality is that a larger number of people immigrating from these countries become issues as opposed to people immigrating from elsewhere in the world , whether that issue is refusal to integrate , promulgation of anti-secular laws , refusal to adopt lgbt rights or outright terrorism . 
  see that 's the problem with trying to handwave difficult decisions away ; it makes you feel good , sure , it makes you feel like you took personal moral high ground and you got a tasty one-liner in to boot , but it does n't solve anything . 
  so does that ability to withold consent carry with it any legal or political consequence ? 
  can you give me a link ? 
  well , sort it out then . 
  the devolved parliament represent the wills of their people in a way that westminster does n't . 
  hell , for ages half of stormont never even sat there . 
   the high court said it 's fine to ignore them . 
  where was this , i seriously must have missed it . 
  the devolved parliaments ( stormont and holyrood ) * might * have to give their assent to allow brexit to be triggered through article 50 . 
  this could be a serious point of concern considering both northern ireland and scotland voted substantially in favour of remaining in the eu . 
  if they do n't give their assent this could in theory stop brexit from happening because the legal checks in place prevent the majority from trampling on the interests of the minority . 
  however what that actually means in practice is up to the courts to sort out . 
  maybe they already have and i just missed it somewhere . 
  he 's anti-eu and pro-snooper 's charter . 
  this is not the man to represent the 48 % . 
  i hate him because he 's anti-eu , pro-snooper 's charter , anti-trident and pro-talky-with-putin . 
  he 's simply the wrong man at the wrong time . 
  the fact that the british right-wing press ( which sooner or later some pm is going to have to do something about regarding accountability ) hates him is just another nail in the coffin . 
  it 's ukip . 
  it 's a party for bigoted clowns . 
  shock-horror , account is 6 days old .
