  i would certainly like that , especially under the auspices of an englishman telling us what we want . 
  as a northern irishman , we 'll make that decision for ourselves , thanks . 
  it would yes , and i 'll certainly be voting to that effect , but we 've got some tough struggles ahead with the uk government and media arrayed against us . 
  still , the unionists showing the dup they were sick of their shenanigans is a marked step for progress , perhaps it will continue !, 
  no , it 's a matter for us and nobody else . 
  you do n't get a say . 
  that 's literally the law . 
  considering membership of the eu was a big part of the peace process and good friday agreement , of course we 're going to be very interested into what the european union has to say to us . 
  it 's just your pride making you think otherwise . 
  we can leave the uk pending a referendum to reunify , it 's as simple as that . 
  i 'm not sure what the confusion is here . 
  god it 's like someone read the wikipedia article summary for michael collins and decided that made him an authority on our history . 
   you are also forgetting the northern irish , who want to stay in the uk , what ? 
  no we do n't . 
  or rather more accurately , the unionists do and the nationalists do n't . 
  that sort of was the point of the decades of troubles and death . 
  that and british oppression and misrule . 
   uk nationalism , there 's no such thing , though . 
  you stoked english nationalism . 
  support outside of england in places like norn iron was strictly following party lines like the hard-right unionist dup . 
  well we 're all irish on account of being born on the island of ireland , that 's all there is to it . 
  i 'm not going to force anyone to self-identify though , i 've learned that growing up in norn iron . 
  um , we 're looking to break off because of brexit . 
  as are scotland . 
  actually we both have a bunch of * other * reasons but batty english brexiter misrule is currently top of the list . 
  * internet conservatives . 
  * victorian-era mindsets in the information age . 
   cause we like our sovereignty . 
  couple a things : a ) you never used that word in your life before brexit b ) you do n't know what it means c ) you do n't know what it is to be without sovereignty ( i do , thanks to britain ), 
   i 'd love a federal europe . 
  me too . 
  brexiteers just seized on the idea as something they hated but to me , living in northern ireland under their suzerainty anyway , it sounds like a wonderful step up . 
  yes , but if you * pretend * that that is n't true then / u/amanko13 's point makes perfect sense !, 
  that 's all we need to do : * pretend !, 
   european continentalism everyone now and then a post will just scream `` i read british tabloid rags '' at the top of it 's lungs at you . 
  this is one . 
  this was in response to the first lisbon referendum . 
  curious that he did not want the irish peoples ' votes respected for the second referendum when they opposed his preferences . 
  it was yeah . 
  presumably the first one , because the second one passed comfortably . 
  i doubt he 'd have supported that . 
  oh those irish , they 've been aroused into causing a nuisance again . 
  i do n't know , did they have progressives before orban ? 
  also it 's a bit weird to frame it as a choice between economic crisis and gay marriage . 
  i 'm honestly of the opinion that there 's not a sentence of that posted in good faith . 
  that 's pretty cool !, 
  this is extremely messed up . 
   britain drew the border to allow as many unionists as possible to stay in the union . 
  [ britain 's plan was for both governments to remain within the union regardless , friend . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partition_of_ireland ) hence there being two governments on the island at the time of partition . 
   never said we were the only victims . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  but let 's not pretend it did n't have it 's toll and we did n't have a marshall plan to fall back on . 
  it left a scar . 
  that 's true , but my point is that neither did poland or the baltics or the other post-warsaw pact states . 
  after the fall of the ussr they reached out to the west and made efforts to get their internal organs of state up to eu accession levels , and nowadays they 're much improved from where they were . 
  even adjusting for inflation poland has 4 times the average salary and gdp it produced in 1991 , and romania 's famous efforts to bust corruption are done with the eu as it 's totem . 
  russia never reached out in the same way , and i was always really confused about that . 
   i know who invaded whom . 
  but when coffins started turning up , well . 
  you know whose bullets those were . 
  okay speaking personally as a dude who grew up in what was essentially an occupied country , i just want to say first of all ; yeah it sucks that people died . 
  but people died because * russia invaded . 
  * this was something they instigated . 
  afghanistan did n't invade russia and it was n't a threat to it . 
  and i 'm not defending the us here , that 's just the reality of it . 
   as for grozny , western media condemned military action , despite green banners taking hostages . 
  it was n't western media that called grozny `` the most destroyed city on earth '' , it was the un . 
  the condemnation did n't center around military action in as much they condemned the * level * of military action . 
  the chechens were responsible for this too , absolutely , but russia was the nation state here , not the rebels , and [ we 're hearing about stuff like the novye aldi massacre . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/novye_aldi_massacre ) heck even today the city is still a third the size of what it was in 1989 . 
  the repeated trend in conflicts involving russia is that it 's an ugly war on both sides , even when they are the victim . 
  russia 's not alone in this by any degree , but compared to other major western powers it 's certainly the leader in this regard . 
  even considering iraq , i 'd say . 
   sure . 
  say your only son got conscripted and returned in a coffin . 
  then you turn on the t.v. 
  and what do you see ? 
  talking heads calling your son a murderer for following orders in grozny or kabul . 
  yeah , that 's one is gon na hurt . 
  are russian talking heads saying that ? 
  or do you mean you see that on american tv ? 
   better example . 
  your grandpa fought in ww2 . 
  and now , 70 years later , you log into reddit and see redditor mcreddit face call red army a horde of rapists and oppressors . 
  feel me ? 
  sort of ? 
  i 've seen what oppressive occupying armies can do . 
  [ the red army was absolutely guilty of that though , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_war_crimes#the_red_army_and_the_nkvd ) i mean that 's just historical fact . 
  it was * not * a welcome sight for polish people the way the american army was for french or belgians . 
  yes it responded to aggression rather than instigating it ( initially at least ) and it saved the ussr from the nazis but it was seriously a very foul force that is equated with the wehrmacht for good reason . 
  i 'm trying to draw a line as clearly as i can here and it 's difficult . 
  while i understand why it sucks to see your uncle or brother or whoever die in the line of duty for some war some asshole sent him on , for russia ( and america ! ), 
  in particular they are responsible for a * lot * of those wars ( afghanistan , vietnam , korea , ukraine , iraq ... ) and in some that they * were n't * responsible for ( world war 2 ) they committed some truly heinous actions which severely tar their legacy . 
   no argument here . 
  no point of my comment was in his defense . 
  if it seemed as such , my apologies . 
  no there 's no need for that , i was n't accusing you of supporting him . 
  i mean i understand * why * a lot of people choose to support him , russia before he took over was in a state of utter chaos . 
  i 've even heard some historians compare him to the american president fdr for saving the country from catastrophe .
