   so what can we do ? 
   that 's not a rhetorical question , what benefit do we bring to the table ? 
  i 've no idea what would be expected . 
  wait - is your argument now that if we ca n't contribute as much as a country 16 times our size that means we should n't contribute at all ? 
  i 'm seriously struggling to understand your reasoning here . 
   of course i 'm going to mention war , is n't the entire point of having a joint eu defence so that in a time of war it defends the eu ? 
  absolutely !, 
  that 's defense though . 
  you explicitly said `` why would we want to get involved in any future wars . '', 
  surely that presupposes that we 've been attacked ? 
  who would n't do that ? 
  goalpost movement quota : 4 and counting . 
   youngster here , as with everything in politics , it depends on the people . 
  in as much as young and educated universally skew progressive and old and uneducated universally skew conservative sure . 
   i do n't know anyone who 'd want anything of the sort . 
  for the simple reason of ` why bother ? ' . 
  our military is shit . 
  we 're not really gon na be able to offer much to the likes of france and germany . 
  who would be expecting us to be the 3rd military pillar of the eu exactly ? 
  that 's just silly . 
   islamic terrorism is a distant threat . 
  `` it 's safe now and it will always be like this '' is not a smart policy platform whether the danger be islamic terrorism or whatever comes next . 
  there will always be threats to security and so the mechanisms of security should be as strong and skilled as possible . 
   we already assist with the sharing of information on threats with other european countries ( as far as i 'm aware ) , what more can really do ? 
  again i 'm not sure who you 're talking to who expects ireland to contribute as much as countries 16 times it 's size , or why you would use that either . 
  sligo does n't contribute as much to state security as dublin , yet gets equal protection ( damn them all ) . 
   why would we want to get involved in any future wars ? 
  as mentioned earlier , we 're not gon na be much help . 
  let 's just stay neutral and leave the guns to the big boys . 
  who wants to get involved in wars ? 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  for something you 've already been told ? 
  fair play to you . 
  goalpost movement quota : 3 and counting, 
  no mate , progressive policy is n't defined by whether or not it benefits a nation-state . 
  your entire line of questioning is just daffy . 
  yeah , that 's still you mate . 
   as for my argument making no sense , if you can find one place were i 've said we should n't close loopholes i 'll give it to you . 
  if you ca n't then perhaps your criticisms of my position are imaginary ? 
  might as well just quote myself then :  yes , being fed by that delicious 0.02 % tax apple paid , mmhmm . 
   that certainly is an argument that makes sense and is n't just tabloid sensationalism . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  that 's implicit in every criticism of you . 
  it 's just easier when what you say makes no sense . 
  for good luck . 
  i associate latin with final fantasy 7 . 
  and my axe !, 
  ( i 'm from the north ), 
  damn dude , you 're not even good at trolling . 
  it 'd scare the pants clean off you . 
  yes , being fed by that delicious 0.02 % tax apple paid , mmhmm . 
  that certainly is an argument that makes sense and is n't just tabloid sensationalism . 
  i 'd say farage will never live that down , but i 'm sure he 'll come out with something equally absurd in a few months time . 
  he 's just like that . 
  yeah , we are . 
  the eu has always been popular among the young and educated . 
  it 's a trait shared by most progressive institutions . 
   if anything ths goes to show that at least 5 percent of people did n't really put a lot of thought into answering these questions . 
  yep . 
  that 's every survey that people are n't being paid to fill out , though . 
   what with talk of london 's financial institutions moving and migration to ireland ? 
  as fun as that would be , if they 're going anywhere they 're going to paris and frankfurt . 
  if you have n't figured it out yet , / u/an _ craca_mor is just going to keep harping against the eu until he gets us to leave . 
  * licks the salt from ur eyeballs *, 
  i 'm actually more afraid of the kite . 
  i think the reality is that the younger generation never viewed our neutrality as legitimate . 
  our allies are in the eu and nato . 
  russia are acting batshit crazy . 
  the islamic world is a mess . 
  everyone else is too remote to be a factor . 
  plus every pro-eu/pro-edf vote is a thumb in the eye of the global lunatics that spawned brexit and trump , so that 's a bonus . 
  ** before we go any further : in order to indent your quotations as i have been doing , just type  . 
  it took me ages to figure out what you were trying to say here . 
  **  so you argue market forces . 
  make a good thatcherite would you . 
  well now , i can sense which predictable direction * this * conversation is going once the redditor heard something he did n't like . 
   i never mentioned the poles but your assumption they are from a backward country is interesting . 
  i find them pleasant hard workers . 
  yep , i called it . 
  the passive-aggressive counterattack has begun . 
  okay scamp , here 's what you said :  `` plumbers , electricians etc from low paid eu countries work for less '' poles are by far the largest group of eu citizen migrants to the uk outside of us happy irish . 
  questions ? 
   sources please . 
  [ do your own bloody homework next time . 
  ] ( https://brexit853.wordpress.com/2016/09/26/fom-isnt-the-problem-the-problems-are-uk-governments-failure-to-implement-properly/ ), 
  whether they work for more or less than someone from the uk is irrelevant , they contribute to the economy and fill gaps where they exist . 
  also this :  plumbers , electricians etc from low paid eu countries work for less . 
  this lead to a local skills gap when apprentices were not trained due to the availability of this work group . 
  is utterly nonsensical . 
  i 'm not using hyperbole here : this is literally counter-logic . 
  apprentices not being trained due to * excess talent * is illogical . 
   in turn this lead to poor prospects for the young , literally a generation doomed to low paid work . 
  also this is hyperbole . 
  trade wages have stayed the same for decades . 
  blaming it on polish immigrants is trade cannibalization . 
  edit :  point taken on non eu immigrants but we had no control over eu immigration . 
  you did actually , tory westminster had access to regulations which would greatly reduce the amount of immigrants taken in from the eu . 
  it chose not to use them so it could campaign on an anti-immigration platform . 
  the british government * had * the powers to reduce immigration under the eu , it chose not to utilise them . 
  the reason why is twofold : 1 .
