  seriously , did this feature in the godfather movies ? 
  if ireland were a military dictatorship ruled by the same warmongering homophobe for 18 years and counting i 'd welcome the shit because then at least the soil would be fertile . 
  allright ? 
  okay sure , there was the time the uda shot a man cold in the head in front of my aunt and uncle after they came back home from their honeymoon . 
  there was the time the british soldiers booted my friend in the ribs with his boots on for not crossing the street in his wee village fast enough , breaking 2 of them and leading to him crying for weeks . 
  he was 10 . 
  there was the time the ruc pulled over my uncle on the way to newcastle and gave him a nice working over for having the tricolour sticker in the back window of his car , which they in the grace then put out for him . 
  there was the time my granda and his best mate were nearly shot dead in their own bar after some men in masks walked in and told all the dogs and irish to get out . 
  there was the time my mum was held for interrogation at a border crossing for going into louth to do her fucking shopping . 
  do you want more ? 
  i want to elaborate on the chinook one , because nothing - * nothing * - beats being 8 years old and seeing soldiers who you are told are there for your protection club your dad in the face and threaten to fucking shoot him if he does n't get back inside his house while they tore up his fucking field for their drills . 
  oh and compensation for that ? 
  good fucking luck !, 
  do you want more ? 
  there was the time my primary 2 teacher told us about she was late for school because the british soldiers thought her husband `` looked like someone they were looking for '' and drew their rifles on her family 's car on the way to school that morning . 
  i can keep going , let me know . 
  well the british paras did n't feel much like they were here for our protection when they landed unannounced in a chinook in my dad 's fields and dug him in the mouth with the butt of their rifle , but sure if you want to trade stories i can keep going . 
  do ye wan na ? 
  well , your army murdered our civilians , so you tell me mate . 
  brexiteers continue to shine . 
  er ... do you think his plan was to turn himself into the military afterwards or something ? 
  as an irishman from a catholic background , sure . 
  but they 're also freedom fighters . 
  do n't mind him , an craca mor 's just a hardline unionist . 
  at this point the war of pettiness with the kremlin is only going to end with every non-russian nation agreeing to call russia `` fagtown . '', 
  replacing signposts , maps , videos , movies , historical documents ; all of it . 
  vladimir putin , czar of fagtown . 
  how world war 2 turned at volgograd after the fags drove out the nazi war machine . 
  how peter the great went on a grand tour of europe and brought back the intellectual jewels of the renaissance for his fellow fags . 
  alan partridge would * absolutely * have voted for brexit . 
  is there a perfect reverse of the castle directly underneath ? 
  cool . 
  that 's pretty fucken sweet . 
  damn that 's a cool looking ( town hall ? ), 
  you got there . 
  because my argument is power and influence and yours is pedantry . 
  now back off you go . 
  i 'll take that as acknowledgement that being an insecure pedant you 're shirking from having your flaws pointed out . 
  cling harder to the word newspaper , perhaps it will achieve the effect you desire this time of deflecting from the fact that the world 's most powerful media mogul used his media empire to campaign heavily for brexit . 
  no , go on - cling to it . 
  do n't address the issue , that might actually cause you to bow to reason . 
  i focused upon his vast powers and influence , as he is - and if you disagree , [ now 's the time to make your case ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_assets_owned_by_news_corp ) - one of the most powerful media magnates on the planet . 
  and his paper , the most popular in the uk by leaps and bounds , heavily campaigned for leave . 
  where 's your disagreement ? 
  you seem to be incapable of responding to a simple statement . 
  perhaps you did n't see it ? 
  here , let me repeat it for you :  i 'm sorry did you just try and count a sunday newspaper on equal footing with the most widely circulated and popular newspaper in the country ? 
   so yes , you 're trying to equate the most popular newspaper in the country with a specialist piece , then . 
  you 're trying to downplay the influence of perhaps the most influential men in global media . 
   you are , it would appear , just that desperate . 
  the chlorine , mostly . 
  well , you want the jet to * look * good too . 
  shin-shin for the win-win . 
  so yes , you 're trying to equate the most popular newspaper in the country with a specialist piece , then . 
  [ you 're trying to downplay the influence of perhaps the most influential men in global media . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_assets_owned_by_news_corp#magazines_and_inserts ) you are , it would appear , just * that * desperate . 
  actually the brexit referendum was interesting for us up north * specifically * because we saw unionists cross party lines to vote for remain . 
  normally this would never happen . 
  had they all voted leave as their parties asked them to do ni would 've returned a leave majority . 
  it had a few interesting implications for the state of politics up here . 
  i 'm sorry did you just try and count a sunday newspaper on equal footing with the most widely circulated and popular newspaper in the country ? 
  please tell me you are n't * that * desperate , surely ? 
  his many newspapers and news networks supported leave bar the times , which he acquired by ceding editorial control . 
  you either do n't know what evidence is or you 're very bad at finding it . 
  if you do n't think he had very strong reviews on getting out of the eu then you do n't know rupert murdoch . 
  to paraphrase the man himself `` they stand to attention for me in downing street . 
  in brussels they do n't even know my name . '', 
  you 're an unemployed bricklayer on long-term disability . 
  who are you going to take care of ? 
  yay , somebody remembered us !, 
  also lol at hardline unionist tribalism . 
  you can say that all you like , the evidence does n't support you . 
  no , we 're pretty enamoured with the eu too . 
  * waves tiny eu flags *, 
  when this protest inevitably fails to change the president 's mind ( and it will ) , take solace in the fact that he 's just one man , with one neck , and rope is cheap . 
  it looks like they are . 
  some wind the day . 
  soft power counts more than reddit and buzzfeed headlines , i guess . 
  the us is involved in a lot of positive stuff worldwide , we just hear about the bad stuff all the time . 
  especially since 9/11 . 
  again , it 's not volume but effectiveness and image . 
   it does n't even come close to matching the mountains we can move from east asia to the middle east to south america in regards to economic , technological & cultural influence . 
  when you 're talking about economics and technology ( or military force ) that 's * hard * power . 
  that 's movement of zeroes and resources to effect change . 
  soft power is how much they like you for being * you , * not for the car you drive around in . 
  a lot of it has to do with image based upon principles , history and established foreign policy , the reception of your country overseas and such . 
  it 's fair to say the us has taken a dent in this regard ever since 9/11 and the war on terror polemics began in earnest . 
  right-wing presidents also tend to be poor for softpower ( trump , putin ) as they lean protectionist and nationalist ( i.e me-first ) whereas progressive presidents tend to be good for it ( macron , obama ) because they 're viewed as more internationalist and open to dialogue instead of demagogue . 
  that 's ireland street , right ? 
  down in the irish district ? 
  not being * transparently * corrupt and incompetent apparently goes quite a ways . 
  turns out hiding your flaws ? 
  works wonders !, 
  they should be . pfd for pretty fuckin ' dense . 
  soft power is not volume of cultural exports and diplomacy but the * effectiveness * of them . 
   dim sum  pierogi , tho even pierogi 's with spicy hot-sauce ? 
  i will ** fight ** you !, 
  do they still ban people from / r/polandball for mentioning polandball ? 
  soft power is essentially persuasion without any means of coercion , by they force or gifts . 
  it 's essentially a test of how much people like you for * you , * instead of liking you for your dad 's car .
