  why did you leave , then ? 
  and how do you know what it 's like now if you live elsewhere ? 
  your ego is ridiculous . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5xeoku/man_who_saved_two_children_from_manchester_fire/dehrsxd/?context=3 )  [ brexit would have happened if the vote had occurred 20 years ago , long before eastern europeans started migrating to britain . 
  believe whatever you want , but you are dead wrong . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5w415b/germanys_farright_party_hits_new_low_in_polls/de7lido/?context=3&amp;utm_content=context&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ), 
  that 's because / u/flapps is lying . 
  350 million per week back into the nhs . 
  the switzerland option . 
  the norway option . 
  the canada option . 
  cutting immigration by `` taking back control . '', 
  bendy bananas . 
  `` we 've had enough of experts . '', 
  there are no such things as british nationalists because britain is not a nation . 
  you meant to say russia there , no worries though , i got your back . 
  this is one of those `` cruel irony '' type things , is n't it ? 
  the kind of englishman who takes other people 's ' political opinions as a personal attack on him and ends up saying stuff like this . 
  / u/flapps is one of those `` everyone who disagrees with me is obviously lying '' type guys . 
  i 've had this kind of shit come at me personally more than once . 
  something tells me history wo n't forget that he almost single-handedly set this whole situation up . 
  he is definitely playing political football though , by stating his opinion on indyref2 in such a carbon-neutral manner as this he 'll look extremely mild in comparison to the inevitable caustic nonsense that may comes out with . 
  sure , okay . 
  i mean hopefully pis wo n't be around for very long so vov, 
  war of indepdenance ? 
  who were turks declaring independence from ? 
  their predecessor state was the ottoman empire , which * they ran . 
  yeah , that 's just cringeworthy mate . 
  english redditor in whining about fictitious oppression shocker !, 
  i agree but shut up corbyn you walking disaster . 
  britain : whining about reason and mocking the olive branch since 1066 . 
  sensible news , everyone !, 
  seeing redditors abandon their own integrity to try to pretend russia did n't invade crimea or that trump never made fun of republicans is one thing , but seeing / u/dokky try the exact same tactic for a universal arguement from 2 summers ago is so staggeringly an indictment of how dishonest he is that 's it 's shocking . 
  these kind of tactics always say so much about the user , and it 's always the same : we ca n't deal with reality , so we 're trying to pretend it did n't happen . 
  i assume you feel embarrassed , and i hope you never use this tactic again . 
  yeah sure . 
  clearly only to you , which really should worry you . 
  and in doing so acknowledged the truth that everyone else already knew . 
  of course it does . 
  you acknowledged england runs the u.k. 
  it 's a very small and obvious concession but you 're a nationalist so i 'm sure it was hard for you . 
  we 're caught between american governments and russian governments that seek our end . 
  and i for one am fucking pissed of about it !, 
  get your claws off of us !, 
  the continent is significantly larger and more populous and is n't a country that 's made of other countries . 
  genes no , cultures and history and discrimination absolutely . 
  this is what brexit does then , i guess , paint a world view of a homogenous uk in the minds of rural englanders that just does n't exist . 
  and then attack people who do n't agree with them , obviously . 
  you can call me whatever helps you out , you just acknowledged you were wrong so that 's me happy . 
  cheese it !, 
  nope . 
  i think you 're falling into one of those thinking you 're cleverer than you are type deals . 
  that 's just a flat-out character attack . 
  that 's pointlessly broad though . 
  ... well that escalated quickly . 
   so in fact by your logic , we bailed ireland out during the financial crisis ; northern ireland ? 
  sure . 
  you own it , you pay for it . 
  i agree it 's unfair , the countries should be separated and everyone will be happy . 
  and to reiterate , england runs the country . 
  that 's not up for contention just because you 're an englishman who feels resentful to scottish folks . 
  no , england absolutely does run the country . 
  i 'm a little taken aback you 'd try to argue otherwise . 
  furthermore the implication ( ? ), 
  that ethnic english and scottish do n't exist is puzzling . 
  if i 've read that wrong , then let me know . 
  because it looks crazy right now . 
  can you seriously not google this yourself ? 
  i do n't see how that 's true . 
  aww . 
  what is their current reaction ? 
  global slovenian hegemony . 
  considering half the country wants to stay and is only getting more and more pissed at their political class i would n't be surprised . 
  well that 's nice . 
  she kramer 'd the shit out of that entrance . 
  asean continues to be the funniest acronym in politics . 
  should we feel relieved or insulted ? 
  probably both , right ? 
   i 'd agree that the campaigns involved were incredibly poor , but i do n't think you can label the entire electorate , or even the ones that voted in one direction over the other as ignorant or entirely uninformed . 
  i 'd also argue that in terms of self interest , you can make the argument either way . 
  i do n't see how , and this is n't an admission of ignorance as arrogant as that sounds , this is me saying i see no reasonable circumstance where brexit improves on any situation for anyone beyond the one-percent . 
  the eu offers so many benefits and privileges and checks and protections and while i have confidence in the british legal system i have zero confidence in her politicians to not take advantage of her people . 
  in fact that seems to be what they 've done since the ink was drying on the referendum ballots . 
   again , no , you called them stupid because you think they are stupid . . sure . 
   would you say i 'm stupid ? 
  i voted leave , but i 'm certainly not ignorant of the either the arguments , the costs of the benefits . . 
  if you do think i 'm stupid , well , then i ca n't help you , if you do n't then surely there must be more people who voted on the back of their views and positions , rather than stupidity . . well what 's your rational and , separately , what 's your understanding of what the european union offers ? 
  when i 'm calling them stupid it 's done out of weariness , not malice . 
  the majority of these people were ignorant of the situation they were asked to adjudicate on , and many chose to believe outright lies directly in the face of honest council from a majority of both the uk 's and the world 's established institutions on economics , trade , education and diplomacy . 
   it was a referendum , the result was entirely in the hands of the voters and non-voters . . that 's disregarding the nature of it . 
  [ have you seen richard dawkins ' video on the subject which was discussed in the uk subreddit today ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-39218108 ) he sums up very succinctly why the nature of the referendum as it was offered to the public was inherently flawed . 
   wanting to leave a political union that you disagree with , whether that 's the uk leaving the eu , scotland making a similar decision at some point in the future if they wish , or indeed ireland fighting for independence from the uk is a valid position . 
  again these are false equivalencies though . 
  ireland did not and scotland does not have sovreignty , the uk does . 
  you can call it daft if it offends your sensibilities but it does n't change the nature of what happened . 
  an ignorant and uninformed electorate was led by misinformation and outright fabrications to vote against its own interest . 
  i called them stupid because they 're stupid . 
  they 're literally ignorant of the arguement , of the costs and benefits , and many chose to believe outright fabrications . 
  a majority of this blame falls on the tory government , but a significant portion falls on the people .
