  now you 're talking about `` cultural purity '' and it 's obvious your just a smidge of a fascist mate . 
  your country engaged in genocide on at least 2 occasions . 
  this was one of them . 
  nobody else did it for them . 
  they 've acknowledged emir roles in this themselves already . 
  you 'll need to square yourself with that . 
  see now that 's not even factually correct . 
  i was n't born on the island of great britain , ergo i 'm not british ( which is purely a geographical term after all ) . 
  that 's just your pride fucking with you . 
  you are a fucking lunatic . 
  not only did britain * not * give `` billions in aid , '' britain intentionally gave next to nothing and * kept exporting irish-grown food during the fucking famine . 
  * there were other famines in britain and ireland throughout history but this policy of malignant disinterest was literally * never * followed anywhere else . 
  get the fuck with hypotheticals and historical whitewashing . 
  are you wading into this conversation of me overturning this lie of `` billions and billions being spent on aid '' to explain that *** the reverse was fucking true *** to engage in whataboutism ? 
  britain is shorthand for great britain . 
  once again , stop trolling pindar . 
  tell me more , * the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  me too !, 
  did n't read . 
   we own the island . 
  you do n't . 
  really did n't expect us to have to explain this again today but there 's a bunch of british posters in this thread who are busy staring at their commemorative crockery of spitfires refusing to believe the name british is a problem . 
  hibernia and it 's fatter sister . 
  * slowclap * the english , everybody !, 
  you believing it has no political significance is irrelevant to its significance . 
  your ignorance is n't a defence . 
  yes ? 
  is n't that obvious ? 
  *** this user is not an imperilaist , everybody !, 
  i thought you brexiters like to say that the eu is n't europe ? 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  i mean , now that you 've acknowledged there 's a problem and all , here 's the solution , why are you avoiding it ? 
  british and irish isles is one of the replacements people are suggesting , actually . 
  er , you first i guess . 
  the name of the archipelago is extremely loaded with meaning and was promoted as such though . 
  up here in northern ireland ( where we 're not on the island of british but are in the united kingdom ) it 's still used as a weapon . 
  again , some have proposed the atlantic archipelago ( which has that lovely alliterative appeal to it ) or north atlantic isles or west european isles . 
  sorry mate but it absolutely is still a political term , there 's no way around it . 
  i appreciate where you were coming from on this though . 
  google lord trevelyn some time . 
  `` billions '' huh ? 
  would it surprise you to know your queen victoria turned away # 10,000 in aid to the irish from the sultan of the ottoman empirebecsuse she was only giving # 1000 ? 
  nobody 's suggesting a change to the name of the island of great britain , which you knew . 
  stop trolling please . 
  sounds logical . 
  no it was literally promoted as a term to enforce british ownership by dee . 
  we own the island . 
  you do n't . 
  i love that he downvoted you for this . 
  yes but / u/osgood _ schlatter decided not to point that out because it makes him look like a bit of a jerk if he does . 
  check this comment thread . 
  imperialists no , but it 's definitely always brits who defend it . 
  some have suggested calling it the north atlantic archipelago for what it 's worth . 
  it does n't matter , it 'll be paid regardless . 
  `` and for the record , i voted remain . '', 
  said / u/path _ grinder earlier today . 
  then the status quo should 've been maintained . 
  at the very least a supermajority should be demanded . 
  but you do n't care , because you do n't understand what 's going on and this is a game of football to you , so you 're simply cheering for your side . 
  also why do brexiteer englishmen like to bring scottish or irish unity arguements into this ? 
  there are arguements for those . 
  there are no arguements for brexit . 
  but then again you 're not really asking me a question , you 're just having a pop at the irish as you have done several times in this very post . 
  if you like i 'll return the compliment . 
  just do it one more time . 
  the amount of englishman attacking irish nationalities is almost as worrying as the rise of skinhead hatemongers in england . 
  at least nobody has been killed over it . 
  englishman attacking an irishman 's nationality because of his inferiority complex in his own arguement , news at 12 . 
  and another recent alt . 
  apparently a user with a bunch of alt accounts has taken offence to my comments ( seriously ) and is brigade going me . 
  so thanks / r/europe mods . 
  you guys rock . 
  super . 
  gosh i 'm sorry my response to him bringing income into his personal attacks on me is to be bluntly truthful about it . 
  how fucking thoughtless of me , eh ? 
  yeah , the plebs can toil away on 3 separate 4 hour shifts a day with no legal protection and damn well like it . 
  sounds about right . 
  i do n't give a fuck how you tagged me months ago and used this to justify a personal attack tonight . 
  ( you 're also not making sense - i 'm not sure how your story of us talking repeatedly lines up with you not posting in the subreddit for months ) . 
  put on your big boy pants and step away from the computer . 
  if you ca n't take that people will disagree with your political opinion in good grace you probably should have one . 
  given you hopping between alt accounts and attacking other users , you 're clearly extremely emotionally invested in this . 
  and yeah , i 've just talked myself into blocking you . 
  here 's one for the road - blocked . 
  first you stalk me and now this . 
  how the fuck are you still going on about me ? 
  people will oppose you on your brexit views . 
  be a big boy and get over it . 
  when you use * whining * about this as an excuse to attack * me personally * you look like a petty child . 
  i 'm not sure what part of this is confusing for you . 
  do n't feed the bigot , especially not one still in school as he is . 
  you do n't want him becoming a big , strong bigot . 
  just talk to him about scotland . 
  twist the knife and watch the hypocrisy bleed from his side . 
  i 'm sure for a high-school child in a destitute and bigoted family for whom # 50,000 is a lifetime of riches this conversation has only served to highlight your own ignorance and bigotry . 
  get some sleep now ; you 've got work in the morning for next to nothing and you 've got no say in the matter . 
  yes , it 's almost as if that was the topic that you waded into with both feet stomping thoroughly on your own sense , is n't it ? 
  to the vast majority of the working class that 's exactly what it is ; on-call enslavement to minimum wage work with reduced protections . 
  not a software job that you 've somehow managed to allow yourself to get signed to despite it paying below prevailing median . 
  not that a destitute bigot cares .
