  i 've lived in england and i 've absolutely received abuse because of my accent and told to `` go home . '', 
  when i see stories of polish families in the uk being attacked it makes me sad , but not terribly surprised . 
  hell , if this is the kind of treatment we can expect we might as well federalize now and pressure everyone into trade deals that favour us . 
  people still doubting that trump is anything but putin 's puppet are looking at this story and going `` oh , where did that come from ? '', 
   there can be no move now to split up the uk at this stage because a vote to remain in the eu in northern ireland or even in scotland is n't automatically a vote to leave the uk . 
  a vote to remain is precisely that - a vote to remain . 
  one does not necessitate the other . 
  however , scotland is pursuing the interests of it 's own people who voted to remain in that union by laying the groundwork to leave this one . 
  it 's entirely possible once stormont is resumed that you will see similar motions made in northern ireland too . 
  there 's no * `` there can be no move now '' * involved - there can indeed , they are parliaments representing the wishes of their nations . 
   it 's by no means guaranteed that scotland will be permitted another independence referendum or that such a referendum would pass when confronted with economic reality . 
  oh it 's by no means certain that scotland will vote to leave even after indyref2 , but by the same token there 's damn all westminster can do to stop them . 
  parliamentary assent is a rubberstamp in the case of an irredentist movement seeking to leave and any action taken to stop them will only fan the flames for their cause , and holyrood have already laid their own legal groundwork for the ref . 
  there 's nothing westminster can do to stop them short of sending in the troops . 
  which is as it should be - this is scotland 's decision , not england 's . 
   the fact remains that almost 40 % of scots voted to leave the eu , and leave would n't have won without votes from both scotland and northern ireland . 
  no , leave would have won without votes from scotland and northern ireland , because scotland and northern ireland returned more remain votes than leave ones . 
  that 's a strange tangent to run off on . 
   we voted as one country and will leave as one country because , for all the drama from a few loud voices online , the truth is that the eu is n't simply important enough an issue to split the uk up . 
  i 'd have hoped that little englanders would have learned otherwise by this point after the decades of dissent from nationalists in northern ireland and scotland , but your union is n't as happy as you believe . 
  it 's not even close . 
  it 's rather silly to see you try and speak for a nation that has never been more divided . 
  and what does that mean ? 
   to me it seems that ( the republic of ) ireland is pretty much talking about brexit a lot too ... 
  but i agree that arlene perhaps has not caught up with reality just yet . 
  i should 've been clear that i was talking about ni there . 
   it is a tricky one , i agree ... 
  however , in essence the problem is somewhat clear : the people of northern ireland ( as a whole ) need to decide whether they want to be in the uk ( which is leaving the eu ) or not and the new set of fms need to be open to discussions on this . 
  provided that this decision is peaceful and democratic , then we must respect their wishes . 
  their desire for the uk to stay in the eu does not trump the desire of uk voters as a whole though . 
  yeah i do n't see any path to northern ireland `` saving '' the result for remain . 
  the only questions that remain are purely legal ones that necessitate the presence of fms , particularly the question over whether any parliamentary act ( or whatever the mechanism is ) requires the consent of the devolved parliaments . 
  it seems inhumane that it would not , but it also seems unfair to overturn the result just because scotland and northern ireland want to remain . 
  so then it becomes a question between respecting the referendum and potentially splitting up the united kingdom , respecting the referendum and northern ireland and scotland finding an arrangement that works for them to continue participating in the united kingdom , or [ doing a lisbon treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twenty-eighth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland ) and focusing hard on the * non-binding * aspect of brexit . 
  england being in the state it is and the pro-remain half of the country almost entirely lacking representation , i really do n't see that last path being a viable one , so it 's mostly down to stormont and holyrood deciding how to proceed . 
  oh there are other reasons as well , i 'm just laying out theories . 
  although if you 're challenging that one in particular i 'm going to assume you saw a different campaign than me . 
   i do n't disagree with your analysis , but in my mind everyone on the ground seems to be aware that the result did happen . 
  oh everyone on the ground is . 
  our arlene 's head is just in the clouds . 
   not really sure how that is possible given the blanket coverage this issue seems to get !, 
  this is all that we are going to be talking about for years !!!!, 
  over in england , sure . 
  you 're talking about labour collapsing , ukip drying up , snp prepping for an indyref , red white and blue brexits and whatever , but considering the state voted to remain ni has been utterly silent on respecting the wishes of it 's populace . 
  that 's what i imagine will change ( if anything does ) if we see a new set of fms ascend . 
  goddamn poland , your dudes look badass . 
  are those a particular unit or are those just the polska regularz ? 
  half the problem is the tribal nature of ni politics . 
  successful party politicians essentially have jobs for life because nationalists are always going to vote for sinn fein and unionists are always going to vote for the dup , so cynical politicians act as if their policy positions do n't even matter and tend to rub it in people 's faces . 
  there 's skeletons in the closets that rattle the cage of course - sinn fein tends to have a lot of people related to ( or in the case of gerry adams and martin mcguinness , * actually in ) * the ira and the dup seem to be staffed exclusively by creationist homophobic racist bigots - but by and large unless it 's something particularly dark it 's all an open secret . 
  which was why the unionist support ( relatively minor as it was ) for remain was so surprising . 
  nobody really expected anyone to break from party lines on this , but many traditionally unionist areas ended up going remain . 
  there 's a lot of theoretical reasons for this - ni receives a lot of funding from the eu , brexit is a nationalistic campaign targeting english people that made no sense outside of it - but ms. foster has done her best to ignore it all . 
  that 's why this 'll be very interesting if she actually ends up losing her position . 
  the reason brexit has n't been such an issue here despite the province voting strongly to remain is * the first minister has been trying to pretend the result did n't happen * the deputy first minister has been very , * very * ill . 
  if there 's a new fm/dfm elected ( and despite everything , there 's every chance that arlene foster will be re-elected ) expect to see brexit receive substantially more coverage . 
  sinn fein will put forward their guy and the dup will put forward their guy and that 'll pretty much be that . 
  there 's a couple of interesting scenarios playing out this time around though : * martin mcguinness , senior sinn fein politician and the province 's only ever deputy first minister ( he 's literally held the position since it 's inauguration 10 years ago ) triggered the collapse by stepping down due to ill-health . 
  he was expected to step down this year anyway , this is just a bit earlier . 
  * arlene foster , first minister ( the positions are co-equal ) is going through a bit of a rough patch . 
  she 's not got great people skills at the best of times but she 's taken a lot of flak for two reasons . 
  firstly , she 's intimately involved in the dup 's [ rhi scandal ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-38466327 ) where she cost ni taxpayers half a billion dollars so ( long-story short ) her friends could claim benefits on a faulty energy scheme . 
  she responded to calls to step down with a cat meme . 
  * secondly , she 's lost a lot of popularity over her handling of brexit . 
  northern ireland voted strongly to remain and many think they should be holding westminster 's toes over the coals with calls for independence and/or reunification with the republic ( which we 're entitled to under the good friday agreement ) , and the referendum was unusual in that many unionists crossed party lines to vote remain with the nationalists . 
  however arlene has treated the result as a minor annoyance , refused to represent the majority of her province and referred to `` remoaners '' bellyaching over her ... not doing her job . 
  marty originally pointed this out and raised the calls for secession and reunification , but his decreasing health has largely reduced his ability to perform and the spectre of reunification - while admittedly more likely on paper now than it has been - still seems a large hurdle . 
  all this means there 's a real chance we 'll get 2 brand new first ministers who might actually listen to the people , which would be amazing . 
  they 're still absolutely going to be from sinn fein and the dup though . 
  okay that 's like if you put `` idyllic french village '' into a computer and it returned this . 
  i have never once understood this meme . 
  must be election season . 
  we `` re born with hearts full of neutrality !, 
  i guess if we all just read the daily mail , sure . 
  / r/ukpolitics poster detected . 
  i mean , except in a real sense . 
  it 's amazing watching half the world decide it 's had enough of facts and just wants to believe whatever it wants . 
  like , actual grown men believing this . 
  honestly attacking false reports in nationalistic media by increasing the fines on them and forcing the `` corrections '' to be printed st the same scale on the same page the very next day . 
  i 'd love to see the sun 's front page completely covered with massive we lied about the nhs/eu/hillsborough every fucking day until they go under . 
  ah yes , the beautiful town of eichenwalde . 
  yup . 
  outright sponsorship of irredentist political parties with an obvious goal of weakening its position abroad is enough for anyone ( though attempting to overtly affect their internal politics is odious enough even without a long term goal ) . 
  those are all frozen conflicts frozen at the behest of your government . 
  there 's not really much room to argue there . 
  maybe so . 
  i 'm curious about what you think makes you a target and why you 're not already considered one . 
  while it does , i 'd be happier with * a smaller overall deterrent arsenal * more states having arsenals * those arsenals using the 3-pronged delivery mechanism ( land , sub , airplane - i believe france and the u.k both just use the sub ) . 
  with russia being as active and hostile as it is under putin ( and his death and it 's inevitable collapse presumably still some years off ) i 'd rather the mechanism for delivery be as secured as possible . 
  so , marks out of 10 ? 
  that 's literally not taught in schools , for obvious reasons . 
  sure but then you finish and she 's nicked your shoes . 
  * that 's * using your portugal ,, 
  ah , anthromorphization . 
  the grandfather of the furry movement . 
  that 's the most french link i 've ever seen . 
  to be fair , it is a very groovy area of the world . 
  i really enjoyed my time in that whole region . 
  i 'd like to politely raise opposition to the depicted size of ireland , thanks . 
  or as we were known back in the day , hib .
