  perhaps we should actually * look * at the sources for isis , rather than moaning about them ? 
  oh but no , that would decimate your vague , nebulous attack on western secularism would n't it ? 
   so we drop some bombs here and there - the problem being even modern bombs kill thousands of civilians . 
  you 're probably looking for the us or russia if you 're talking about `` dropping thousands of bombs '' and even then they 're not dropping `` thousands of bombs on civilians '' unless * all * you actually read is the sun and fox news . 
   possibly even more than is will manage to slaughter . 
  oh for goodness sake . 
  you 're just abandoning all rationality now . 
   yet we will claim how great it is , because only russian bombs kill innocent women and children , not ours , ours drop puppies and kill the bad guys . 
  i 'm staggered by this sentence . 
  apparently you live in a world of easy answers and strawmen . 
   in the name of child protection , helping refugees , minorities , anti-racism and safety our freedom might get taken away in a bureaucratic dance . 
  this is where your already rambling and self-contradictory post collapses in on itself . 
  this body which promotes protection of human life , children and workers protection to an absurd degree you now criticize for it 's outreach in exactly that area . 
  utterly baffling . 
  it 's fine to question something , but at least make your argument coherent . 
  the joke so good he told it twice . 
  no they do n't . 
  they pay them . 
  plan ? 
  putin puppet number 3 rears her ugly face . 
  bloody amoral money-hungry politicians . 
  not a principle among any of them . 
  every single pre-ref prediction was based upon the prime minister 's repeated and public declarations that he would action article 50 immediately upon a leave victory . 
  has that happened yet ? 
  ** allright !, 
  ** allright , yes , if we 're doing this let 's publicly shame ourselves and do it . 
  here we go lads , nailing my colours to the wall here : * sweden * france * brazil * italy * spain * japan * usa and that 's just the * women . 
  * russia is way , way down the list . 
  although affordability is nice , i doubt i 'd be in a queue for four hours in the freezing cold looking to purchase some toilet paper and beets with my food stamps and just happen to spy an emaciated chain-smaking blonde with a glare that would peel the paint from a garden shed and who 's just * dying * to tell me how miserable life is while i slip her 50 glubecks so she can swallow what 's left of her childhood to help me keep myself warm . 
   thank god we have more people on zero hours contracts than ever , and the value of sterling meaning that we need to work harder to earn the same amount . 
  all for the ` privilege ' of being able to represent one country in trade negotiations instead of as 28 countries . 
  and le australian points baesd systsem . 
  strewth . 
  stop making pertinent comments . 
  you 'll only make him unhappy . 
   i know , from looking at your comment history , and we 're already here , are we ? 
   oh he was only referring to nazis in movies as opposed to nazis in real life , thank god you took time out of your busy schedule of posting ` uk growth forecast up 0.01 % ' to let us know !, 
  you 've copped to his narrative then . 
  except in any real sense . 
   you sound really upset over an internet comment , yet you are saying i 'm acting like a child ? 
  stop having a paddy . 
  i do n't like liars . 
   what is moral about letting thousands of migrants drown in the sea , many of which are chasing false promises , will face hardship in eu ? 
  what does this have to do with morality ? 
  these people are coming illegally at no promise from europe . 
  the issue lies with their own nations . 
  were it down to me i 'd entirely shut the door to these refugees and economic migrants and immediately relocate them to their last point of entry to the eu ( be it turkey , morocco , libya or wherever ) and leave them there . 
   what was moral about overthrowing the state of lybia ? 
  this was n't an eu venture . 
  attack this point if you want , it wo n't change it , it 'll just be you trying to tug at heartstrings . 
   is it great to lump actual war refugees with economic migrants ? 
  ask the economic migrants , unless you can distinguish between the two . 
  i 'd shut the door to the lot of them . 
  people do n't want to deal with them and it 's our decision , not theirs . 
  tough decisions come with easy ones . 
   letting actual war refugees ( especially those who have no money/power left to escape ) struggle to survive in horrible conditions in camps ? 
  jesus christ a camp in germany is safer than one in syria , it just happens to be wetter and colder . 
   is it moral that our actions provide breeding ground to some of the worst religious sects in the world ? 
  the invasion of iraq and afghanistan ( and libya ) were not eu ventures . 
  they wo n't be even if you cry really , * really * hard about it . 
  also , maybe we should stop passing the buck to ourselves and start asking some tough questions of these religious sects that seem to spawn so many `` jihadists '' ? 
   now we throw bombs at them and think that they will love us ? 
  what the hell are you even rambling about ? 
  we 're bombing isis . 
  are you / u/heusmann expecting isis to love you ? 
  are you * really * ? 
   now we will make deals with lybian armed groups , regime in sudan , watch erdogan usurp power . 
  so you want us to intervene in * more * states ? 
  invade sudan and topple turkey 's regime ? 
  no thanks mate . 
  they chose their leader - you might n't like him , i might n't like him , but tough shit , it 's their choice not ours and definitely not yours to change unless he declares war on us first . 
   yet they claim that we all adhere to some mythical shared `` european values '' that elevate us above others . 
  here 's the secret / u/heusmann - we do . 
  for some of us that 's the best thing , the only thing , that makes being european worthwhile . 
  not petty nationalism or number-crunching . 
  that we stand for something greater than ourselves . 
  that there 's some causes worth fighting to protect . 
  some things worth believing in . 
  rationalism . 
  the rule of law . 
  the protection of the citizen against the abuses of the state . 
  the fight against corruption . 
  the fight against outside powers . 
  liberty guaranteed by the law . 
  equality under the law . 
  brotherhood across the continent , from peoples who a century ago were killing each other but now travel to film festivals in berlin and sun themselves in dubrovnik . 
  a united celebration of our culture , our literature , our industriousness , our scientific achievement . 
  from joyce to proust , from tesla to curie . 
  the worthiness of being together in this union is not just what we are but we define what we want to be , and that 's both at odds with our immediate neighbours and something which we should be proud to protect . 
   these values supposedly are the absolute truth and who dare to think something else is an ` extremist ' . 
  here 's an example . 
  someone trying to say `` there is no truth ! '', 
  and muddying the waters to drag everyone down with them . 
  5 guesses where his allegiances lie . 
  thank god we as europeans are lucky enough to have the education , the information and the belief afforded to us to know better than this cynical , whatboustist wretch . 
  us giving off some mixed-ass signals . 
   well that not true . 
  that 's literally the empirical truth . 
  yes , which he knows , because he 's been told this before . 
  he 's literally lying like a child in school for the sake of an internet argument .
