  well , actually it does n't really matter . 
  his birthplace is a german village in austria today , i 'm not living far away and he spoke and wrote a lot in german . 
  but as of me , we have enough others , be it a hungarian , 
  probably even ignoring his german speaking culture , but deutsch west-ungarn became part of austria ( today burgenland ) for a reason , even after the war was lost . 
  pure american rightwing blogspam . 
   archival video footage highlighting nazi atrocities in greece, 
  liszt is today seen as austrian , though his birthplace belonged to hungary at the time . 
  interesting info , i 'm sorry you were downvoted so much !, 
  stop that fucking military spam on / r/europe !, 
  who was teacher of mozart , beethoven and many others ? 
  interestingly he seems more demanding to be played well than the two slightly more prominent ones , but if you once hear a great interpretation of haydn , you will know why i chose him as austrian . 
  on this globe , everybody belongs to a minority , as long as we do n't accept , that we are basically all emigrated africans . 
  edit : except those who staid ( could stay ) in africa of course , 
  soldiers have a lot of time for the web , i guess . 
  i am proud my country of austria is not on this list . 
  do n't forget india and china !, 
  power is bad for the mind , super-powers rely on a majority satisfied with [ ** panem et circenses ** ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bread_and_circuses ) , since the antique . 
  putin , the self declared nazi hunter in ukraine , loved by all european nazis , the true stupid do n't care for any logic . 
  if russia and the eu managed to unite , the whole globe could . 
  agreed , still feels like a trend , and be it a media trend . 
  i wonder why today the interpretation as toy gets more frequent than as spiritually motivated art . 
  we will mix and be happy as a society with a healthier color . 
  mixed people are the most beautiful and most healthy the same time . 
  eventually the term of human races will really become irrelevant . 
  also i think we need some fresh genes from africa , where we basically all are coming from globally . 
  outside of africa too much degeneration has happened already . 
  a 100 % white austrian with quite some nazi ancestors , 
  as said in my other comment , all other figures in that article are more interesting . 
  belarus sure has a very individual interpretation of reality in general , 
  agreed , but there are other stats in the article that may be more telling . 
  they did n't . 
  otherwise they would n't keep claiming . 
   they brought up things , considered already settled for a long time , not in a neutral light , but in the heat of the moment . 
  if you mean german reparations , they were never settled with greece . 
  they just did n't stop asking for what they ask since decades . 
  also all previous governments . 
  at least this time it got press coverage once in decades again . 
  / r/europe ? 
  i trust their motives . 
  i do n't understand their concepts . 
  i wonder what they will be able to achieve . 
  it 's in the hand of the britons to weaken the neoliberal power junkies , but i 'm afraid europe does n't really care enough . 
  perfectly fitting at topic : [ bypassing google 's password alert `` protection '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwegywcgqtk ), 
  whose truth ? 
  beware of everybody who claims to know the truth . 
  you would be less frustrated , if more users did what i proposed , 
  racism needs more to be opposed by users who do n't care about their comment-karma too much . 
  it 's easy to project the responsibility to some random mods , but more honorable to do something on your own . 
  do n't forget that there is absolutely no quality management for mods . 
  these are random people where you can be glad if they do n't fully ruin a sub-community . 
  expecting any bigger social intelligence , some kind of superior social abilities , is to be disappointed by reddit-design . 
  assad is going to tell them how . 
  brilliant idea . 
  the sunni dictatorship there really deserves all weapon support from the eu . 
  germany sent a lot of tanks , so what could go wrong ? 
  money seems dangerous to a reader 's iq . 
  journalistic neutrality ? 
  what an outdated concept ... 
  this plugin is vulnerable, 
  belief is an irrelevant measure in the light of historic facts . 
  yes , my wording is wrong . 
  should i have pointed out , that without us help most of europe would have been occupied by stalin ? 
  anger can make people quite crazy , think baltimore . 
  if you can really communicate you do n't need bodyguards . 
  impressing . 
  hopefully he has some success benefiting his country . 
   so adorable . 
  as austrian i wish i could share your view . 
  actually it 's more like a duckling that has invited a cat to play with the duck family . 
  liberators go home after liberation , not what happened in eastern europe . 
  also they do n't rape the women of the liberated , happened a lot here in austria . 
  we feel like the us did not only liberate us from nazis but from the russian army as well . 
  not really . 
  as german native speaker i 'm aware how german english actually is . 
  yes , that 's correctly interpreting my words . 
  corporatocracy is driving war and google is just part of it . 
  it 's a desperate attempt . 
  of course the global monopole of this private company is a huge danger for democracy and peace . 
  but mankind has no working defenses against it as of now . 
  it will take a long time to break that corporatocracy and develop a true democratic mind in the majority . 
  as if there ever had been one single `` search algorithm '' ... 
  sure , you 're talking about relevance , i was referring merely to `` shame '' . 
   media that challenge them/their beliefs to me that usually happens when the information is controlled by corporate propaganda and suppressing independent scientific findings . 
  they needed of course mono theistic religions to tell them to wash !, 
  did n't you know , before god spoke to us we were like stinky pigs ? 
  do n't know what 's the bigger shame of the human specie : being at war with each other or destroying the ecosphere ? 
  greece : operation payback http://i.imgur.com/nfgnfe2.jpg, 
  5 things muslims believe that make them better than idiots . 
  i do n't believe a majority would vote for it . 
  who should or would take that decision ? 
  yes , think of the difference of religions . 
  while christians believe god gave them earth to use it up , hindus and buddhists worship life in every form . 
  as a completely irreligious person i still admire hinduism and buddhism for this achievement . 
  it 's almost like modern physics , where neg-entropy ( life ) remains the big miracle . 
  on a side-note it 's still amazing , that india still has lions , tigers , elephants and rhinos . 
  but they will always only freeze in tibet , 
  i hope this becomes the top comment . 
   it really does not matter . 
  this . 
  as a starter check out http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_and_anthropogenic_disasters_by_death_toll and correct the values as of world population at that time .
