  most male citizens of the roman empire or ancient greece had to participate in at least one war during their life-time . 
  where 's the kickstart campaign ? 
  such important and interesting products are usually very successful there . 
   mankind di n't change a bit in 5000 years easy said , no proof available . 
  if we killed each other at the same rate as in the ancient world , probably the death toll would reach hundreds of millions each year today . 
  the ones profiting from that wrong image of the human being are the military industrial complex . 
  so what 's been first now , the shield or the threat ? 
  thanks , but no excuse for me to mix them up , 
  stupid me !, 
  you are absolutely correct , thanks !, 
  ~ ~ is n't his job to create confidence in the euro ? 
  how much money did his former employer goldmann sucks make due to this statement from mr euro ? ~ ~ edit : nonsense , see below . 
  i disagree , as we have nothing to decide here on reddit/comments , this is the best place to start a discussion from an idealistic viewpoint . 
  mankind is sadly far from reaching that desire , to unite as a species on a democratic globe . 
  but the direction of our social evolution is clear . 
  we are unifying constantly and the same time we learn , how to preserve individual liberty and justice in always more complex social structures . 
  we are even one species on the whole globe ... 
  it is already happening , just at a slow speed , not as a revolution . 
  i could n't see a reason , why in the long term people should be treated differently anywhere in europe ? 
  austria has 10 governments for 8 million people , that 's not the problem . 
  all nations should just replace each top government with the eu-parliament , that 's enough saving and great individual democracy for each region . 
  the idea of democracy in my personal view is to break power concentration of individual humans where possible . 
  only when the size of the power directly reflects the number of affected people it may be big . 
  it 's just great we already have all institutions needed and now only need the democratic will of the people to shift competences where the public benefits most . 
  well , it 's yet more a question of definitions and competences . 
  from the view of the euro nationalism has already lost a lot of sovereignty . 
  would 've been great that monarchy-monster had turned into a large democratic space , instead nationalism had to rise and die first ... 
  such as the us , india , russia or china ( with european professionality ) ? 
  most welcome !, 
  now imagine the eu would be one state , separating the idea of a democratic government from nationality , how much could we save and use for more productive things ... 
  you missed april 1 by 9 days . 
  feels to me as a similar perversion as male or female circumcision . 
  who would have thought in britain ... 
  thanks !, 
  missed that detail . 
  and what about rt ? 
  you trumped it !, 
   maybe the two of us would agree i believe we would . 
  my op was posted for sarcasm . 
  absolutely not meant to take any of his words really serious . 
   especially irrelevant when out of context and if i take him by his words , it does n't mean i identify with everything , as i do n't take him by my atheistic words . 
  i think you 're fighting a strawman . 
  a `` prost '' from austria , 
  in this particular case it does n't make sense at all , to take the most irrelevant line out of context - especially irrelevant , when taken out of context . 
  please . 
  we still lack the freedumb of the 2nd amendment allowing to kill each other by the hundreds every day . 
   `` values of responsibility , hard work , charity , compassion and pride in working for the common good and honouring the social obligations we have to one another , to our families and our communities . 
   `` these are values we treasure . 
  they are christian values and they should give us the confidence to say yes , we are a christian country and we are proud of it . 
  one should thank islamic extremists for these words of cameron . 
  so he can be reminded on other occasions . 
  to decide between a bloody brutal dictator and violent religious lunatics is this rock and hard place thing . 
  puppet master has spoken . 
  once made in britain was regarded as higher craftsmanship and sophistication than made in germany . 
  today rolls royce is owned by bmw . 
  that 's really sad . 
  i wonder how much the obsession with war and greed has caused that development . 
  i do n't think chairman , is enough that they are part of the council . 
  since thatcher the uk were afaik much more equal than others ... 
  dem irish never were conquered by the romans , 
   found a europe party , you say ? 
  is n't that a tad na\u00efve ? 
  of course it is . 
  but it is in the naivet\u00e9 of the idea that its power lies . 
  and let 's face it , only doing nothing would be truly na\u00efve . 
   europeans of all nations , unite !, 
  the moon might remain a safe place . 
   it 's ignorant to black out the whole middle-east as `` unsafe '' but chances are high , that if somebody leaves he has a reason other than economic circumstances . 
   and do you think the uk is the only country deporting refugees ? 
  not at all , every other country doing the same should be criticized as much . 
  that 's correct , however i often have the impression as if the netherlands love to hide behind luxembourg while being much more involved in tax fraud in absolute numbers . 
  thank you for this convincing argument !, 
  afghanistan , iraq , iran , libya and syria are no safe countries . 
  if somebody is afraid to go back there , chances are high , the person will not survive long , at least not in freedom . 
  now that changes everything !, 
  this lacks mentioning of [ ** the netherlands ** ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/ikea-accused-1bn-tax-evasion-europe-1543627 ), 
  but dem dirty gomoonisds !, 
  greatest european : johann sebastian bach greatest austrian : sir karl raimund popper, 
  absolutely , agreed . 
  after all , e = mc \u00b2 is also simple but still true  i 'm sure they equal einstein in their field . 
   marc chandler is the global head of currency strategy for brown brothers harriman . 
  matt dabrowski is a political risk consultant and was citigroup 's political analyst in new york . 
  when these `` experts '' start pondering possible problems of a country that 's often nothing less than their way of declaring an economic war they intend to win something from . 
  this regulation will offer interesting new views . 
  suddenly those who can afford current food prices will almost directly support those who ca n't , basically without any further investment from the social system for that specific process . 
  i 'm sure there 's more weird stuff in this , 
  bravo france !, 
  i hope the whole eu will adopt this principle . 
  where i live , kids get their hands on wine as early as they walk alone . 
  when the father is winemaker , kids will do everything to know what it 's all about , no matter how much some parents may even try to prevent it . 
  if kids go through the village as caroler at epiphany , they very often get offered alcohol . 
  meanwhile still a majority is certain that russia is strong with putin , amazing . 
  of course , completely same thing , but this time they promised not to lie again . 
   uncle sam promises not to spy on europeans en masse mum told me , not to believe these uncles in the street . 
  sure , if environment , social justice , equality and similar values were contained , why not ? 
  if the only topic is the protection of business of multinationals of course not . 
  please investigate international laws . 
  this planet is n't as a whole organized like the us wild west 200 years ago . 
  there is no following without following . 
  every state has to take responsibility for things done in the past if it wants to be the accepted successor in control of a territory and a population .
