  all eu members have agreed to the eus decision making progress . 
  you cant just randomly bail out of eu decisions as you see it fit . 
  if every country can cherrypick its responsibilities to the eu , the eu is basically dead . 
  do you really want the eu to collapse over such a small problem ? 
  maybe the us should destabilize a couple of countries and cause a massive refugee wave that might actually destabilize europe . 
  its not like gwb was much better . 
  he tried to drag us into a super self destructive war that still haunts us today even though we didnt participate . 
  yes trump is a problem , but so far he hasnt done nearly as much damage as gwb . 
  hell he might not be in office long enough to do as much damage . 
  considering that the party that put trump into the white house will most likely provide about 50 % of all future us presidents , i wouldnt be so sure . 
  the eu certainly has a lot of tough issues to fix in the next few decades . 
  but it does seem like , even though checks and balances seem to be able to handle a moron like trump , your political system is kinda fucked . 
  a lot harder than the eu , actually . 
  the eu can simply split if need be . 
  the brexit certainly showed that . 
  you dont have that bailout . 
  most arab countries have about as solid of a chance to reach superpower status as norway . 
  perhaps even less as norway is much more stable . 
   no -- remember , an employee does not and should not care what the utility cost to an employer is in providing a perk . 
  they should only care what the utility benefit is to the employee . 
  and on that point , the employee is normally in the best position to make such a call , and is free to make such a decision using input from the government or labor advocacy groups or whoever else he wants . 
  that isnt nearly as easy as you make it sound . 
  i would argue that accurately evaluating workers rights is non trivial even for large companies . 
  they can calculate what it costs them , but the value for the worker is not so easy to determine . 
  there is simply no realistic way for a single person to do so , there are too much factors and this would require a professional or a large org . 
  which means that by default , the workers would be at a disadvantage as they arent able to determine the net value of their compensation . 
  thats too much of a burden placed on the employee , especially because the sole profiteer is the employer . 
  the only thing that gets triggered here are you . 
  the original question was what the eu could do in an extreme situation to punish the us for directly acting against our interests . 
  the implication is , obviously , that it would be something very , very important . 
  an issue big enough to scrap the political alignment of the entire continent after 70 + years . 
  so yes if we were willing to go out of our way to get back at the us , we have options to do so . 
  nobody says they are easy , or cheap . 
  but the option exists . 
  and it would not lead to an instant invasion by russia either . 
  surely the russians would take at least 1-2 weeks to move a sufficient amount of equipment in position to invade the eu . 
  the us bases in europe dont deter anybody as most of them are in western europe . 
  the us have for the most part refused to establish any major bases in eastern europe , mostly to avoid conflicts with russia . 
  check this list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_military_deployments#europe what a deterring presence the us have build in eastern europe , oh my . 
  they almost have a thousand soldiers east of the old iron curtain . 
   because it 's irrelevant to the employee whether-or-not the employer is lying or inaccurate or not : he just takes the most appealing option to him with that statement alone your entire story collapses . 
  if the employer can lie to the applicant and for example make labor protection appear less valuable than it actually is , they can pay them a tiny premium in exchange for giving up much more valuable rights . 
  at that point the employer is using the regulation you propose to get a one sided advantage over the employee they can not current get . 
  that means a downward pressure on salaries as the employers will always try to get the workers to agree to the option that benefits the employer , not the employee . 
  because of their superior position in the negotiation and the lack of transparency , they will succeed more often than not . 
  which means your entire proposal ends up being a net loss for the workers , regardless of their choice . 
  you still operate under the assumption that every deal agreed on by 2 parties must be good for both parties . 
  that is not the case in real life . 
  if we * really * want to punish them for ignoring us , we could simply close all us military bases in europe . 
  you know , including the ones used for their drone wars in the middle east and the ones storing nukes . 
  then close their nsa bases , inlucing the embassies used . 
  that should get a reaction out of them at the very least . 
  we could also set up some nasty tarifs and maybe look a little bit closer into the business of us based big data and it companies . 
  i mean it also seems to be impossible to send a refugee to poland , so maybe we should rethink our own capabilities a little . 
  maybe send them to the next town for a start and see what happens . 
  take it slow and whatnot . 
  any country that leaves the eu rather than take a couple of thousand of muslim migrants deserves what it gets . 
  i 'm not even angry about it , but it becomes increasingly obvious that most ee nations should never have been invited into the eu in the first place . 
  feelgood politics is a problem in germany , but its gotten much better since september 2015 . 
  turns out most people that wanted refugees/migrants wanted them to stay somewhere else in germany , but not in their neighbourhood . 
  however , unlike most ee nations there are still relatively few people that just shrug and say its not our problem . 
  the quota is somewhat popular because its the only solution that can possibly work . 
  the main issue is that too many people dont realize that you cant set up a quota as a percentage of an unlimited amount . 
  a fixed quota with a fixed maximum number would probably be possible . 
  and honestly : if its not , than i say fuck the eu altogether . 
  if a few thousand muslims are too much of a burden for ee countries to carry , i say we just stop pretending the eu will ever work . 
  better kill it now and build a much , much smaller union with maybe 10 members around the core of germany and france . 
  its an utter joke that a country like poland takes over 10b in net eu grants per year , but categorically refuses to accept eu decisions because they are inconvenient . 
   the actions of germany have caused greece to be ` under ' for past decade or so , so do n't mind me if i do n't buy the act where you suddenly care . 
  fiscal policies ? 
  probably . 
  migration policy ? 
  absolutely not . 
  greece was happy that germany took refugees , because it took pressure away from them . 
  the bulk of reguees was comming anyway or already in greece by the time the crisis became a media spectacle . 
  if germany hadnt taken a million refugees , they would still sit in greece . 
  yes we need to close the borders , but we also need to deal with the refugees/migrants already in europe . 
  as much as i would prefer mass deportations , its very , very unlikely to happen , mostly because its simply not possible . 
  the problem with that is that `` growth '' and being able to afford things are typically measured by raw gdp , which is an utterly worthless indicator . 
  total wealth doesnt tell you anything without knowings its distribution . 
  also : while its a simplification ; as a rule of thumb money given to people with little money is spend faster than money given to people with a lot of money . 
  its spend more quickly most of the time and essentially enters the economy faster and is overall most useful for the society . 
  welfare money that is spend domestically is ultimately a local investment . 
   instead of saying , oh , `` companies have the right to fire people immediately instead of waiting n weeks '' , at least as a transitional measure , say `` companies must offer both options '' . 
  so an employee at a company of at least n people gets two options when being hired , one with those labor laws applicable , the other without . 
  of course , that also means that the employer will price in the cost to him of those protections , so the employee gets to see the dollar value of what they 're giving up . 
  and if that 's really what the employee wants , of those two options ... hell , then it is in the employer 's interest to offer it . 
  and it 's in the employer 's interest to accurately price those two options . 
  thats the kind of fantasy liberalism that doesnt actually work in the real world . 
  for once , the company always has a better negotiation position for 99 % of all jobs . 
  thats why workers right must be universal : so companies * cant * pressure workers to work without them . 
  because thats what you argue for here . 
  you also assume that the companies would be able and willing to calculate the price for workers rights accurately and fairly . 
  for once , enforcing transparency on this would be a bureaucratic nightmare as cost calculations can be very different between companies and depend on a ton of things . 
  but this would also allow companies to effectively eliminate workers right entirely . 
  large companies could simply take the current salary , claim its the no rights salary and then set up a much , much lower salary for those that actually want their rights . 
  tl : dr you assume an equal market with perfect transparency and negotiations with both parties at the same level . 
  while that is a widespread liberal fallacy , its still a fallacy . 
  in practice this choice usually turns out to be either very expensively or not at all . 
  because its the worst they dare to type .
