  the nato summit in 2014 didnt set up the 2 % target . 
  it made it mandatory . 
  germany agreed to hit the 2 % target because of this summit . 
  trump pretends this wasnt the case and then tries to claim germany agreeing to the target as his victory . 
  by the time he criticized germany , we were already on track to hit the 2 % target in 2024 . 
  nothing trump did or said had any influence the actual commitment happened under obama , 3 years ago . 
   using japanese troops outside japan would break the constitution and therefore making the acting government illegimate . 
   nice collection of alternate facts . 
  oh really ? 
  lets see : trump calls nato obsolete , direct video of him saying it :  http://edition.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/04/04/trump-comments-on-nato-during-the-gop-town-hall.cnn germany did not commit to the 2 % target because of trump . 
  merkel commited to it because of this nato summit ( official nato summit declaration )  http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_112964.htm point 14 mentions hitting the 2 % target by 2024 . 
  this was done long before trump even signed up . 
  in fact , this commitment was made ** before ** trump criticized the nato members for not commiting to the 2 % target . 
  perhaps try to keep yourself better informed before trying to discuss these issues . 
  just an idea . 
  so why do you worry about american taxpayers then ? 
  i mean its not like they have any influence on things like the nato anyway . 
  trump was elected on an american first plattform and openly campaigned against the nato . 
  but the second he was in office he forgot all of that because both the military and the state department probably told him that the nato isnt negotiable . 
  if trump didnt bail out of the nato , no other potus in the next few decades will and it wont matter what the public opinion on that looks like . 
  remember when the plane of the president of bolivia * was forced to land at gun point because erward snowden was suspected to be on board ? 
  do you think that would have happened if canada called , or china ? 
  it was a pretty drastic violation if diplomatic protocoll after all . 
   when you say things like `` milk it for what it 's worth '' you do n't exactly endear the people defending you , both the americans and your allies in europe . 
  they dont have to . 
  its quite simple : are the us willing to abaddon poland and most of eastern europe to putin to spite germany ? 
  i dont think so . 
  which means we need to do fuck all to appease them as they have zero leverage against germany . 
  realpolitik sucks if it doesnt fit your world view huh ? 
   that 's the kind of thinking you can only indulge in because of nato . 
  true . 
  but we are in the nato . 
  so why not milk it for what its worth ? 
  the us very much do the same and use their influence over europe to do whatever they want . 
  which makes it all the more amusing if they start whining when the tables are turned for once . 
  there is no purely defensive army . 
  if a nation has a military , it will be used for aggression sooner or later . 
  even a country like japan has started to adopt the `` preemptive defense '' rethoric to justify military adventures despite the fact that their own constitution does not allow it . 
  it is so goddamn hilarious when ` muricans get pissed because for once , nobody gives a shit about the opinion of the us goverment . 
  we need to get schulz elected and straight up cut our military budget , if only for the sake of seing people like you go ballistic . 
  germany actually doesnt benefit from the nato . 
  the us will never abaddon eastern europe , which means germany will always be safe . 
  its pretty funny that the us go all `` deal with it '' when they do whatever they want . 
  in this case : germany doesnt need the nato . 
  if you dont like it , sucks to be you . 
   and why is that ? 
  could it be because we are massively armed ? 
  could it ? 
  its because trade has become such an essential part of every nations wealth that nobody can afford to cut themselves off from it . 
  this means the only nations that have to fear war are poor ones that are too unimportant as a trading partner for both potential aggressors and potential friends . 
  the eu is save because if russia would send the tanks we would fucking destroy them economically without firing a shot . 
  the ukraine got fucked because they were poor and made the mistake to align towards russia . 
  you realize the irony that this collides with reality because as you put it  which means putin just needs to rig one little election to bring everything crumbling to its knees in this case , the us election, 
  selective use of arbitrary and awkward to enforce laws was always one of the favourite tools of dictators . 
  so yeah chances are the persecution will focus on those that oppose him , while gays that support the regime will know not to advertise their tastes and keep supporting the regime or else . 
  meh the headline isnt really relevant . 
  tl : dr : the authority responsible has done this to prevent tv channels from redefining themselves as streaming service to escape regulation . 
  the regulation in question will change soon . 
   europe , much like a trained animal , needs a master it seems . 
  every country that isnt the most powerful one in the world by whatever rating is most important will always either be allied with the top dog or be on hostile terms . 
  there really arent much neutral countries in the world . 
  just countries that change allegiance more often than others . 
  and of course countries that are so unimportant that nobody cares to ask them which side they are on . 
  so we are supposed to force the us to support a statement that goes against their own interests ? 
  how would that even work ? 
  g7 is a purely informal plattform . 
  why should we ? 
  afaik its officially rented with a contract whatnot . 
  habeas corpus doesnt apply here because they arent charged with a crime and they can in fact leave whenever they want to by voiding their asylum application . 
  holding asylum seekers would be an action caused by the asylum seeker . 
  part of the asylum process . 
  their asylum application would simply include a statement that they agree to stay in the assigned facility and that leaving it voids their application . 
  that way you dont even need a ton of security . 
  after all finger prints are taken for the application so if they bail out of their asylum application , they cant apply anywhere else . 
  thats not arrest , they can leave at any point in time without being prosecuted in any shape or form . 
  well , except for deportation of course . 
  the city of berlin paid 1500 euro rent per refugee per month during peak times of the refugee crisis . 
  that is only rent , no food , etc. 
  you 'd think that a basic detention center would be able to beat that rate . 
   refugees shall be treated at least like other non-nationals in relation to they arent refugees until their applications are processed , thats the point here . 
  once they are granted asylum you obviously cant hold them anymore . 
  but those that arent recognized as refugees should be held until deportation . 
   no you ca n't . 
  the entire point of a constitution is that it applies unilaterally without exception . 
  not quite . 
  the constitution does not apply for every human at every given moment in time . 
  basic law enforcement alone means that even innocent people are constantly stripped of their rights for investigations and whatnot . 
  i am pretty sure it would be acceptable to hold people until their legal status can be determined . 
  that does mean that their application needs to be processed * fast * of course . 
  it also means that the second they wish to drop their asylum application they are free to leave ( the country ) . 
  but generally holding people to determine their legal status is 100 % possible . 
  hell its done all the time to citizens . 
  the toll isnt that popular in germany either . 
  among other things , its projected to operate at a loss because the administrative cost will eat all of the fees . 
  calais was the result of the french goverment going all out to fuck the refugees by letting them rot on their way to the uk rather than officially register them and keep them in france . 
  it was essentially the most selfish anti refugee option available in the situation since there was no efficient way to deport them . 
  france was criticized for treating the calais refugees like shit after all . 
  so that situation in calais must have been every islamophobe persons wet fucking dream . 
  after all it showed the world that france doesnt want or support evil muslims trying to scam their way into asylum . 
  france has taken virtually no refugees in the 2015/16 refugee crisis .
