  if necessary , there could be actual punishments for not following the asylum process . 
  just like you can get punished for not trying to find a new job while on welfare as a german citizen . 
  quotas are also hell of a lot easier to sell with a fixed cap . 
  its not like we can get around quotas , after all every eu member agreed to the concept of asylum . 
  but now we can get realistic quotas . 
  they dont have to abadon their religion . 
  they simply have to accept that secular laws are more important than religious ones and take precedence , without exception . 
  and those that we do take in will get a chance to have a somewhat decent life eventually . 
  but the great majority will not get this chance . 
  its not the nice way of doing things , but the practical one . 
  its simply very , very hard and costs a lot to integrate people properly . 
  especially muslims from regions where religion is still very dominant . 
  they wont be asked . 
  just like the hundreds of millions of africans arent asked if they 'd rather go somewhere nicer . 
  its harsh , but at the end of the day the majority of syrian refugees will not be allowed to build themselves a new life . 
  they can only hope that syria will eventually calm down enough to at least return and survive . 
  but their long term perspectives are bleak no matter what . 
  well germany actually couldnt do that . 
  i mean camps are fine and whatnot , but russia wont stop at camps . 
  they will eventually fight the rebels . 
  can you imagine videos of german soldiers gunning down `` freedom fighters '' ? 
  we 'd never hear the end of it . 
  fuck me i dont want to like russia . 
  well , so far so good i guess . 
  this doesnt matter . 
  there is no general right to asylum for russians . 
  they have to prove that they specifically are in danger . 
  meanwhile there is a general right to asylum for syrians right now . 
  also : the numbers are small for russians anyway . 
  the very fact that they want the men to fight to quote wikipedia `` against the enemies of islam '' rather than to fight for their families , country or whatever else is already a problem . 
  i mean they are obviously not calling for a spiritual struggle , they expect the physical jihad . 
  urgh these women are quite radical . 
  pretty sad that they are so indoctrinated that they wont see that their religion caused this trouble . 
  or more accurately , people taking this religion to serious . 
  the only somewhat reasonable person was the guy at the end . 
  the rest were basically wannabe terrorists . 
  weapons arent worth much on their own . 
  a guy with a rifle wont do shit against soldiers in body armor with automatic weapons and all the gadgets modern militaries use right now . 
  that also one of the reasons your weapon laws are so stupid : they are based on the assumption that a good , honest citizen would defend himself/herself against an unjust state with these weapons . 
  well you cant , doesnt matter how much guns you have . 
  you understand that eu members have agreed to the right for asylum ? 
  sure a lot of the current migrants do not deserve it , but some do . 
  and we have to take these . 
  if you dont agree to the basic concept of asylum , you can leave the eu whenever you feel like it . 
  thats actually not bad so far , though we need an eu wide solution . 
  and i can guarantee you that point 4 wont make it into an eu wide solution . 
  its also weird that orban wants to help greece because they get too much refugees , but doesnt give a shit about serbia . 
  at some point every eu nation has to take some refugees . 
  the sooner orban understands that and makes an offer himself , the better will be his position to negotiate . 
  most of those points seem alright though . 
  the problem is that the fence isnt a solution , its just a delay . 
  we need to use this delay to figure out something , but the most the eu can agree on right now is to have dinner together . 
  alright , then go ahead and tell the `` inhumane barbarians '' ( really ? ), 
  your great plan to fix the middle east . 
  because nobody else has one , but you talk like you do . 
  you cant fix bombs with bombs . 
  and democratic states cant possibly commit ressources for long enough to properly rebuild a nation from zero and magically turn it into a democracy . 
  we 've had to learn that the hard way . 
   it 's your responsibility as a human being to help them . 
  no its not . 
  dont get me wrong its really nice if we help these people . 
  but we cant help them all . 
  and above all else we should try to help them in ways that are beneficial to us . 
  mass migration is not one of these ways . 
  honestly : the best way forward for syria right now might actually be as a russian puppet state . 
  which is incredibly sad , but probably better than living under isis . 
   so combine that with the war going on , i doubt that more than 20 % of syrians ever had passports . 
  there are other documents to identify with . 
  we certainly cant give people asylum because they tell us they are from syria . 
  and its not like refugees are dumb . 
  a lot of them carry some sort of documents , be it a university degree , driving license , a certificate of birth , etc. 
  yeah you can work parttime and survive , it might actually be a little better than welfare in the end , plus not depending on welfare is always great . 
  but i dont think these people realise what kind of life you 'd have when only working parttime . 
  refugees first and foremost want to survive . 
  thats why they are refugees , they are actually fleeing from something other than bad salaries . 
  migrating for work and/or welfare isnt covered by asylum rights either way . 
  merkel has power , gabriel and his entire party do not . 
  the spd can be lucky if they somehow survive as a `` main '' party until merkel gets kicked out of office . 
  being the junior partner in a coalition in germany tends to crush parties and the spd has already lost a lot of voters . 
  some of the issues raised are understandable . 
  buts its pretty damn hilarious that a german company getting some sort of contract tangentially related to a crisis always means we 're going full greece . 
  this is how it feels to know that merkel will probably run your country for another decade . 
  nope , merkel can keep her job until she dies if people vote for her . 
   personally , i think governments should be able to mandate pay increases while forcing companies that can afford it that wont work . 
  accountants will make sure their corporation suddenly cant afford it . 
  the only way to do this is increasing minimum wages . 
  lidl does pay quite well for a discounter afaik . 
  i wonder : why does your goverment even care about these things ? 
  i mean the quality was deemed acceptable and 29 % were happy witht he food in general . 
  you guys dont give a damn that the rest of europe doesnt like your food , why care if a bunch of illegal immigrants dont like it ? 
  just ignore him altogether . 
  the guy is incompetent and will stick to merkels backside for another 10 years if it means a cozy post . 
  the way i understood the article , this guy faces an actual death sentence because of his terrorism conviction if he is send to iraq . 
  so there isnt much `` potential '' at all . 
  closing the borders is a delay , not a solution . 
  we need a solution to deal with the refugees , not just to force them into taking a different path to germany and sweden . 
  yes it is . 
  tell me : how many innocent can we afford to kill just to make sure the guilty die and your arbitrary sense of `` justice '' is satisfied ? 
  because thats what you get with death penalty : mistakes . 
  thats also why death penalty isnt actually cheap .
