  its not about whether or not this was legal . 
  i mean thats the first question you ask , but not the last . 
  the point is : if it was legal : do we want this to be legal ? 
  do we want to prevent this in the future ? 
  is there a way to prevent this in the future ? 
  just sitting there saying it was legal doesnt do shit . 
  yeah that sounds like shit he made up or misunderstood . 
  they can just get a few anti corruption laws done on their own . 
  that would most likely be seen as a positive sign by the eu and ez . 
  but thats the issue here . 
  the kind of reforms greece needs can not be imposed on them , yet these reforms are essential for the bailouts . 
  bailouts alone do nothing . 
  so if this doesnt work , maybe it really is the best option to part ways at this point . 
  damn sch\u00e4uble isnt very subtle nowadays . 
  `` temporary grexit '' isnt that hard to read . 
  once greece would have their new currency running ( which is the hardest part ) , there is no way they will get the euro back just like that . 
  judging from how the greek referendum went , i am happy we dont need these things . 
  hell most greek didnt even know what they were voting on and what the political implications of it would be . 
  for all i care greece can go all rainbow warrior on goldman sachs . 
  nothing of value would be lost . 
  but again nothing will happen . 
  yeah right , like these people will get punished . 
  i mean a realistic punishment would be to lock them up and throw the keys away . 
  they helped to ruin an entire nation for profit after all . 
  but in the end they wont be punished . 
  hell if they actually get punished they 'll get a few years and will be out of jail after a few months , they didnt murder anybody afterall etc , etc , etc. 
  i am actually leaning mostly left myself . 
  but i still think that a hawkish minister of finance is good . 
  its not about saying no to every proposal . 
  but it helps a lot if you have somebody asking tough questions and insisting on accurate projections and cost analysis for a project . 
  because the politicians that run the project often have reasons to sweep inconvenient details under the rug to get their pet project running . 
  a hawkinsh minister of finance adds the checks and balances a good goverment needs and helps defending the interest of the tax payers to a certain degree . 
  dont get me wrong , i am not against spending . 
  but goverments have a tendency to throw money around just to make themselves and their party look good . 
  its good that there is at least one position to limit this a little bit . 
  its not like the minister of finance says no to everything . 
  but the position helps making goverment spending a discussion rather than a contest . 
  actually it does make him a good minister of finance . 
  most ministers will always want more money for whatever sandcastle they have promised their voters . 
  its only natural that this happens . 
  a hawkish minister of finance balances out the natural tendencies to throw around money to satisfy voters and increase party popularity quite nicely . 
  its a natural counterpoint that makes sure there is a voice of reason when it comes to spending . 
  he wont do this without merkels approval . 
  well at least not if he plans on keeping a high profile job . 
  yeah he is mostly the old guy with the shotgun , guarding the treasury and telling the kids to get of his damn lawn . 
  his political instincts arent great . 
  schedules in a rail network are a huge mess . 
  all it takes is one train being slightly late and the whole thing collapses . 
  and overall : 80-100 km/h including stops is decent for a train connection . 
  there was a thread a few weeks ago that showed travel times within europe , and the balticum as well as the balkan were basically islands . 
  so even a mere 100 km/h connection to western europe will be a huge step forward for them . 
  if you cant enforce it with an angle meter its not ~ ~ draconic ~ ~ accurate enough !, 
  the irony is that the only way to punish those responsible ( greek politicians and banks investing into greece for high interest rates while speculating on bailouts ) is to let greece default . 
  technically speaking , this would even punish germany for abusing the ez with superior productivity of its economy without a transfer union . 
  and lets be real here : greece will receive humanitarian support after a default . 
  i honestly still think its the best option . 
  greece would be able to rebuild itself at its own terms , but also be responsible for its own fate this time . 
  meanwhile the banks that speculated on bailouts would get fucked and germany would get to pay the bill for the whole ez without transfers issue by losing the money already invested into greece . 
  the article seems to be written as a comment by varoufakis . 
  including the headline about breaking greece . 
  so what he does is set up a scenario that germany wants to break greece for fun before giving arguments for a scenario where germany wants a grexit for political reasons . 
  thats basically using hate as a clickbait . 
  because here is the deal : the implication of the headline , germany setting up greece to fail , is obviously something terrible . 
  meanwhile his actual line of arguments ; germany being in favor of a grexit to increase spending discipline in the ez isnt actually bad , its simply realpolitik . 
  if anything this article makes it pretty obvious that its probably frustrating to negotiate with him . 
  sch\u00e4uble wanting a grexit has nothing to do with some abstract hatred for the greece . 
  thats the issue here . 
  nobody is trying to destroy greece out of the sadistic pleasure of doing so . 
  and a politician that implies this much is clearly delusional . 
  well greece is going to shit if they leave the euro . 
  austerity will be paradise compared to what they will have to do to get their country running again after a default . 
  i am absolutely certain that if greece defaults and everybody gets to see how it goes , nobody will attempt to follow their path . 
  greece wont be able to pay its debts anyway . 
  doesnt really matter if they default or just get a debt cut before freezing the rest of the debt for 20 years and most likely getting another debt cut after that . 
  i 'd rather fix the problem that caused this mess ( even if it means voiding all outstanding debts ) , than having a chance to get maybe 50 % back while not fixing the actual problem . 
  how would an euro group decision affect or even include the uk in any shape or form ? 
  its not about the eu , its about the euro . 
  the uk has no business with the euro . 
  well i didnt say this law is a good idea , it certainly isnt . 
  the problem is that once you open this particular can of worms , journalistic integrity just goes out of the window . 
  if you dont stick to the basics , you dont have much arguments against people that write these kind of articles for much less well meaning purposes . 
  my selective memory seems to recall that the greek rejected a certain proposal revolving around austerity . 
  so the question is : if tsipras accepts an even stricter proposal now ; was he lying or just merely incompetent ? 
  i mean not seeing what such a referundum would lead to is incompetence . 
  not caring about the referendum and simply using it to gamble would be lying to his own people . 
  there isnt really another option . 
  n word privileges work everywhere . 
  germans are allowed to make fun of german stereotypes . 
  spiegel mentions some mental instability and confusion while the guy was arrested , but nothing conclusive yet . 
  not really . 
  i mean they could just introduce this `` article '' as commentary and i 'd be fine . 
  shocking how a political party that got elected because of impossible to realize promises would lie to the people of greece . 
  there is actually another option . 
  delay greece default to work on a formal procedure to allow nations to leave the euro . 
  this would further reduce the risk of collateral damage from a greek default . 
  doesnt really matter to me , its just a game . 
  i mean i dont mind playing the terrorist side in contemporary games and shoot stuff either . 
  at the end of the day its just pixels . 
  yeah hold up this nazi thing didnt go so well for everybody involved . 
  but we did sell you some shiny mercedes and whatnot .
