  an enemy that can afford to wage war against you will do so . 
  an enemy resorting to asymetric warfare and behind the scenes manipulation acknowledges that they cant actually win a war . 
  mind you we shouldnt underestimates russias manipulation and propaganda . 
  but the territorial integrity of the eu is not threatened by russia at the moment . 
  neighbours that chose be align themselves with russia for the most part and were ultimately punished for trying to break with them . 
  the ukraine is also not a member of eu and nato . 
  so essentially : this is not only their own fault , we are also under no obligation to do anything about it . 
  considering this , the sanctions seem a decent middle ground . 
  you might even argue that they are quite generous from our side because they cost us quite a bit . 
  so i dont think the ukraine has much to complain about regarding our level of support for them . 
  especially with their own corruption issues in mind . 
  except germany builds one of the best and most popular main battle tanks , has a very good self propelled artillery system , developed * the guns for the us main battle tank and has some very competitive infantry weapons . 
  we also have diesel electric subs that are way ahead of most countries . 
  technologically , germany is basically as advanced as it gets outside of the us and probably on the level of the us in some fields of military technology . 
  bases on other continents are completely irrelevant to deal with threats to european security from turkey or russia . 
  south american aint gon na declare war on us . 
  today ? 
  probably not . 
  today if the social developments of the last 50 years would have been locked away behind ridiculous majority votes and most of them wouldnt have happened ? 
  probably . 
  societies can change fast if their political system allows it . 
  a lot of important laws got through parliaments with only a fairly small lead . 
  i think a lot of people really underestimate how high a 66/67 % majority requirement is . 
  just check your own parliament records for how many decision were backed by such a majority . 
  less turks -  no turkish communities -  forced integration -  people stop caring about turkey because it means nothing for their daily lives . 
  afaik a lot of the yes voters in europe happened because erdogan send his goons into countries with lots of turks to campaign for him . 
  he obviously didnt send people to countries without large turkish communities . 
  left wing parties being russia friendly does happen , there is a socialist party like this in germany as well . 
  if you 'd need a 2/3 majority for important questions women wouldnt be allowed to vote in switzerland to this day . 
  oh and being gay would most likely still be illegal in countless countries . 
  a 2/3 majority requirement ususally gets fucked by lazyness . 
   who is gon na report the parents for not using german around their kids ? 
  the school would report it if the childrens grasp of language is so bad that properly participating in class isnt possible for them  what would the punishment be?a fine ? 
  for a start , yes . 
  there could also be mandatory language courses that have to be finished succesfully . 
  you have to give them a chance to catch up after all . 
   there are plenty of polish and romanian communities around germany , does this new law apply to them as well ? 
  the enforced language would obviously only apply for citizen and families that want to send their children to german schools . 
   what if this policy sparks a response from the turkish community and makes them even more hostile ? 
  doesnt matter , if this is done properly and legally bulletproof , they have no recourse . 
  a person that identifies as turk cant identify harder as turk . 
  sooner or later the pressure would force them to adapt . 
  thats how normal integration works : people are forced to change their way of life . 
  it just stops working if you have foreign enclaves in your country . 
  getting rid of dual citizenship would be a good start . 
  then focus on education and language . 
  make sure they teach their children the local language rather than turkish . 
  enforce this by law if necessary . 
  the actual challenge of capitalism is imo to stop putting it on a pedestral to worship it . 
  capitalism , free trade , communism are all empty words that are completely irrelevant to our society and should not be elevated into ideologies . 
  capitalism can be a tool , but its one of many tools and you cant use it for every situation you come across . 
  automatization isnt a test for capitalism just like drilling a hole isnt a test for a hammer . 
  if our current tool doesnt work , figure out what kind of tool we need . 
  that has nothing to do with this issue . 
  the issue with neonazis isnt what they consider a problem ( everybody gets an opinion ) , its what they consider the solution . 
  then again , this happened mostly because people let it happen . 
  goverment regulation is one thing , but supporting companies like google and facebook is everybodies own choice . 
  if you dont pay for the services you use , you are the product , not the customer . 
  the point is that with the flood gates open europe would have to get good at dealing with it or we 'd get right wing goverments all across the continent . 
  confused i imagine . 
  there are political reasons for domestic food production though . 
  we also subsidize a lot of other industries for various stupid reasons . 
  money can get the lgbt people out of the country i guess . 
  maybe get them lawyers to bail them out of any legal issues ? 
  pretty sure they can claim asylum in just about any eu country after that . 
  if you want to get technical , he didnt mention islam . 
  ( yes i know he meant islam ) the question is : if these would be muslims wearing the very same clothes , doing the very same things : would it make a difference ? 
  dont you think its ever so slightly hypocritical that we 're going full thought police here ? 
  its kind of amusing that people get scared shitless by this , but think its all good because these are not muslims , these are * good christians * and they cant be evil . 
  military alliances dont mean much . 
  they are alliances of opportunity . 
  if you want to be cynic , a couple of small nations bending over for the first hegemon they can find . 
  the eu provided the cultural and economic backbone that kept these countries together . 
  the nato certainly helped . 
  but without the eu , efta and similar organisations , western europe might have dispersed politically and culturally after the end of the cold war . 
  - fdp are liberal in the economic sense . 
  they used to be civil rights liberals , but gave that up and have a bit of a reputation for being corporate whores these days . 
  - greens are eco conservatives that used to be left and still have some left wing members . 
  - linke are socialists in the widest sense of the word and havent figured out where exactly on the scale they want to be . 
  - afd are right wing populists against immigration and muslims in particular . 
  - cdu/csu are mostly centrist with the csu being half way between the centrist cdu and the afd on bad days . 
  - spd are social democrats , but have become fairly centrist and are often indistinguishable from the cdu . 
  ( not the csu tho ), 
  greens are not left anymore . 
  they are cdu voters that buy organic meat to feel good about themselves . 
  he said it not because he gives a shit , but because elections are coming up . 
  i think either ones would have prefered the us stayed out of iran rather than support a dictator that had to be removed by an islamic revolution . 
  but i guess the us just cant help themselve when it comes to oil . 
  yeah about that , you might want to ask some iranians what they think of it . 
  this is not a 51 % vs 49 % decision . 
  erdogan has been consolidating power for years . 
  many of those that oppose him now supported him for a long time . 
  this is their own fault . 
  turns out that strongman politician that consolidates power can lead to bad things , who would have thought ? 
  trump was reigned in by his military and the state department . 
  if he had putins power to steer his country as he pleases , we 'd all be in deep shit . 
  to be fair , if you take them out of their respective countries , i also prefer putin to trump . 
  a competent and at least somewhat pragmatic autocrat is much more reliable as a friend and enemy than a borderline insane narcist that makes shit up as he goes and has to be put on a leash by his own bureacratic aparatus to prevent him from going full nero . 
  i mean trumps election does benefit putin . 
  if only because trump is or tries to be the same strongman type and he is hilariously incompetent .
