   well they would save a lot of money on eu dues , that 's for sure . 
  i think they currently put in more than they get out ? 
  not really , i dont have the source right now , but the uk will save next to nothing if they want to stay in efta . 
  and i really doubt the uk will leave efta . 
  it would screw them hell of a lot more than the eu . 
  pretty nice to see that even after i put the arguments on the table , all you have is personal attacks . 
  guess you dont actually have any counterarguments and need to blow off some steam huh ? 
   all the anglos blame merkel , based on some magical words nobody can quote to me exactly . 
  people blame her because she has done very little to solve the problem . 
  the general opinion has turned around because of her incompetence , not because people suddenly hate refugees . 
  when merkel spoke up in favor of refugees , everybody expected that she had it all figured out . 
  this was obviously naive , and now people realize that merkel has no idea what the hell she is doing . 
  which is why so many people think she has lost control , but merkel still has a lot of support too because they like her pro refugee policies . 
   things that people much better educated and better qualified than you spend years trying to figure out come so naturally to you !, 
  actually , most of what i said was in the news already . 
  the imf has said multiple times that the greek debt is unsustainable . 
  this means the relevant options are debt cut or grexit . 
  several balkan nations have also had some sort of meeting with austria regarding the refugees flow . 
  greece didnt attent or wasnt invited . 
  this was also in the news multiple times . 
  so tell me , whats the chance to fix these 2 problems anytime soon ? 
  why would the balkan group suddenly take in refugees ? 
  why would austria suddenly open its borders again ? 
  why would merkel grant greece a very unpopular debt cut ? 
  why should the imf against increasing pressure from its 3rd world members participate in another greek bailout in 2-3 years without a debt cut ? 
  from my point of view : its not looking good for greece . 
  even worse : a lot of people would benefit from screwing greece over very , very badly and greece is in no position to do anything about it . 
  its not like i enjoy greece getting screwed like that , but it seems increasingly likely that greece will in fact get screwed , too many people would benefit from it . 
  so what exactly makes you think that everything will be fine for greece ? 
   yeah , and you think the collapse of greece will have no effect on the eu ? 
  or you just do n't care ? 
  i actually dont think a grexit ( and possibly greece leaving the eu ) would be that bad for the rest of europe . 
  leaving the eu would probably be devastating for greece , but v4 and the balkan would probably like it because it would allow them to just close the borders forever and let the refugees rot in greece . 
  mazedonia might jump at the chance to get their name back if greece gets screwed over completely . 
  a grexit would obviously be pretty bad for greece and it might just lead to a general collapse of the eu ( though thats unlikely ) . 
  but its not like greece has any perspective whatsoever with the euro . 
  that has nothing to do with high horses either . 
  even the us you admire so much just told the tsipras ( ? ), 
  to pay their debts when he visited the us . 
   especially when you bring in the u.s. , which was much kinder to germany and helped aid a recovery when the germans were struggling to stay afloat as the greeks are now . 
  a 50 % reduction of debt , a large part of it given by the u.s. to help rebuild a former enemy ... they could have said `` fuck the nazis , they have no leverage '' -- but did n't . 
  the us needed germany as a bullwark against communism . 
  if western germany would have failed , the reunification might have happened the other way and the cold war could have gone very wrong for the nato . 
  the economic support for germany was simply convenient for the us and they probably booked it as money to fight the soviets . 
  a strong germany was good for them . 
  i very much doubt the us would have done anything like this without the cold war . 
  just take a look at what they did for russia after the soviet union collapsed : basically nothing . 
  there was nobody left to fight , so there was no point in preparing allies for a fight . 
   amazing callousness in this post . 
  no need to think about the greek people whatsoever i guess , just `` leverage against the eu . '', 
  thats how it works , even between allies . 
  your goverment does the same . 
  greece simply doesnt have anything against the rest of europe . 
  so the `` rage '' against the eu / u/3rwan mentioned wont happen . 
  if anything the greek should try to elect a useful goverment for once . 
  to fix what actually got them into this mess . 
  so what are they going to do about it ? 
  worst case they elect a golden dawn or w/e its called goverment and cut ties with the eu . 
  which would be annoying , but i dont think anybody in the eu would care too much . 
  greece has absolutely no leverage against the rest of europe . 
   so somebody other that the parents can decide that the rules are `` bad '' ? 
  yeah , for example : its not legal to beat your children anymore . 
  rules arent automatically good . 
  these rules are draconic and most likely bad for the childs development . 
  we are not the us . 
  if you want us level fiscal politics go ahead and elect a hard core pro eu goverment . 
   no multiculturalism just means that two cultures live together in a country . 
  but it explicitly means that cultures dont need to merge or anything like that . 
  which is fairly dangerous for long term social development and can lead to polarization over trivial issues . 
  i seem to remember south africa faces these kind of problems . 
   sure , but at least the user will have a choice to stop upgrading , revoke company keys etc. 
  its about consfiscating the phone , then forcing it to upgrade a custom upgrade provided by apple . 
  pretty sure you cant do anything against that and it has been used multiple times by apple . 
  multiculturalism means being an immigrant country without strong social pressure to integrate and assimilate . 
  which is a stupid idea to begin with and has indeed failed as the suburb riots in paris as well as the general social problems in immigrant heavy cities show . 
  in the future we have to make sure to pressure especially `` refugees '' to properly integrate and assimilate . 
   that 's not how politics work at all . 
  you do n't go in front of your entire electorate and tell them woops , you 're sorry , my bad . 
  i dont think you know what you are talking about . 
  admitting you made a mistake and announcing concrete ( ! ), 
  steps to make up for it is very easy to sell . 
  its the classic turnaround used in us politics and if done with a little more substance it will work even in germany . 
  but thats the problem here : merkel doesnt regret anything . 
  she got a significant popularity boost from her pro refugee policies and she will get a significant popularity boost as soon as the refugee numbers go down . 
  which is ironic because they will go down because of other peoples policies that merkel rejects . 
  hell she claims that such policies cant work in the first place , but for some reason they do work . 
  the only thing merkel cares about is herself . 
  she doesnt give a shit about germany , she doesnt give a shit about europe . 
  she wants to stay in power and if that means making germany pay countless billions for a million or more refugees then so be it . 
   i really am surprised how people still believe that merkel wants to take in all the refugees . 
  of course she doesnt want to take them in anymore right now . 
  she is a populist and public opinion is changing . 
  but words are cheap and what she wants doesnt matter . 
  what matter is what she did to actually get things done . 
  and she hasnt done anything * effective * to stop them from comming . 
  so sure she might not be as naive as some people think , she is merely ridiculously incompetent . 
  much better . 
  pretty funny that people argued a permanent state of emergency is totaly fine and that nothing can go wrong with it . 
  this is what you get if you let politicians get away with crap like that . 
  will be fun to see what happens if this bill is implemented .
