  eastern europe will talk shit no matter what germany does . 
  its just backround noise either way . 
  you monster . 
  basic vanilla ice cream , the top of which is shaped like pasta , with red strawberry paste on it that looks like tomato sauce and white chocolate flakes that look like grated cheese . 
  irony doesnt work on reddit . 
  9 out of 10 times , the guy baiting `` retards '' is just a retard . 
  until you get a family or have to buy something that really needs a car to be transported . 
  so why isnt there an eu level decision to end it ? 
  it seems like its such a crystal clear decision that nobody other than germany should really oppose it , right ? 
  go ahead and unite the eu against evil germany . 
  yeah uhh i do want to be optimistic , but i 'm fairly sure this is going to get bloody . 
  the best one can hope for is that nobody dies or gets permanently crippled in some form . 
  and yet , even the populists parties that constantly shit talk the eu dont want to leave ? 
  why is that ? 
  oh right , because the eu is ultimately very beneficial for poland , hungary and v4 . 
  if you dont think so , just leave . 
  are you mad you cant send another senator to one of your eastern european vassals to end north stream like you did with south stream ? 
  as long as europe buys gas from russia we are dependant . 
  the pipeline simply cuts the middleman and makes the supply more reliable . 
  the ukraine and poland have no god given right to get a cut of the gas price germany pays . 
  go ahead and get the eu to formally end to the northstream project . 
  as if a more diplomatic approach by macron would change that . 
  all companies in europe have this choice and decide otherwise . 
  the paragraph is intentional . 
  i wasnt atalking about the ukraine . 
  long term solutions are more important . 
  at the end of the day short term solutions are just a bandaid to buy time . 
  it doesnt even matter if our short term solutions work or not , we cant just stop fixing a problem because we cant decide how to deal with the symptoms . 
  do you have a personal issue with something ? 
  i didnt say being conservative is any better or morally superior to being religious . 
  but it is different . 
  i didnt talk about being enlightened either . 
  you might want to pursue your personal crusade somewhere else . 
  the ukraine wasnt exactly paradise 5 years ago . 
  but yes , there would probably be less right wing populists and nationalist nutjobs because it would be harder for them to find an external enemy . 
  i get the feeling that the only reason he even lives to this day is that he is somewhat known and would it would be inconvenient to kill him . 
  if his proxy isnt as well known , he/she might have an unfortunate accident . 
  actually , thats wrong . 
  germany is very conservative , but not very religious . 
  dont let the cdu name fool you , the c means very little these days . 
  i cant think of a single german politician that actively advertises his/her religion . 
  religion is much more private in germany and means very little for politics . 
  i mean its probably too little , but its never really too late . 
  better do something now than never . 
  sieging isnt exactly trivial , the sieging army needs to be orders of magnitude larger than the defending force . 
  there is also always the risk of reinforcements for the defenders that would put the sieging army into a bad spot . 
  at the end of the day a castle serves the same purpose of getting a good lock on your door : increase the effort required to screw with you . 
  its not going to prevent a dedicated person from doing so , it just makes it more unlikely . 
  oh and the size of your dick is obviously proportional to the size and number of your castles . 
  their own incompetence , mostly . 
  but would you say its a good situation for a democracy if a society cant actually change their goverment ? 
  no matter what , its going to be cdu+x for 4 , most likely even 8 years . 
  hell i wouldnt bet money against merkel for the 2029 elections at this point . 
  as if thats the reason for why he cant sign up for the election . 
  there was no great start . 
  it was 50 bored people on reddit , shitposting . 
  schulz never managed to turn that into something substantial and actually disliked it and wanted to distance him self from the hype . 
  the `` hype '' was never real , it was just reddit shitposting . 
  nobody with a brain ever thought he 'd win , realistically , it would have been a huge victory if he stayed relevant at all until the elections . 
  this way the elections would have at least given the impression of a democratic process . 
  as it stands right now , the purpose of the election is to determine which party will be allowed to suck up to merkel next . 
  a politician that does nothing of substance doesnt deserve praise . 
  its pretty simple . 
  everybody that falls for this is an idiot . 
  merkel doesnt care about video games at all . 
  she 'd gladly regulate them to hell if that would boost her polls and help her for the election . 
  praising a politician for pr is just utterly insane . 
  the uk wouldnt accept a basic deal without major convessions . 
  if nothing else , they would never officially commit to adopting the euro . 
   why not be trialed in the original country ? 
  their legal system might suck . 
  the entire charge might be made up by corrupt officials , etc. 
  religion is a tool to excercise power . 
  beliefs are what makes you stand up in the morning . 
  the latter is fine and exists outside of religions , the former is universally bad . 
   we do n't have the kind of islam that plagues the middle east . 
  its worse because you are actively working on getting it . 
  erdogan is playing a dangerous game by using the religion card for his political plans . 
  sooner or later he will lose controll and then you guys end up with a ton of religious people that disagree with your goverment . 
  good luck with that . 
  because its meaningless pr and if merkel wanted , there 'd probably be a couple of legal things should could do . 
  but that would be work and some of her dinosaur voters might oppose it , so she has to go for the most meaningless and unimportant token gestures . 
  words are cheap . 
  merkel does whatever it takes for some free pr . 
  this is unimportant enough that her conservative voters wont mind , but might get her some sympathy by young people and gamers that think she actually gives a shit . 
  low effort , low risk . 
  perfect for merkel . 
  tenants have a lot of rights in germany , probably much more than in most places . 
  that increases the risk for the landlord . 
  also : it would be fairly trivial for the tenant to say they didnt understand part of the contract , which would void the contract . 
  no landlord wants to deal with that , unless they charge a massive fee for it . 
  a lack of language skills is an acceptable reason to not rent out to somebody . 
  if anything comes up , communication would be hard and the company might simply not be able to deal with you . 
  if you want to know what nato peace looks like , check the border between turkey and greece . 
   the uk leaving the eu does n't make the eu stronger . 
  yes it does . 
  it doesnt magically fix all problems , but it makes solving some of them easier . 
  and honestly , the sooner countries like poland , denmark and hungary figure out where exactly they want to be , the better for the eu . 
  leaving the eu doesnt have to be a hostile populist shitshow like the brexit . 
  if some countries think they are better off outside the eu , thats perfectly fine .
