  a quick fix . 
  merkel saw an opportunity to improve her poll results and she took it . 
  she didnt think ahead at all . 
  thats how she runs her office . 
  nobody that actually has or had any power to change things believed that taking these refugees would benefit germany in any shape or form . 
  actually , i am against the current plan for greece . 
  but even so : greece is different . 
  greece is part of the eu and more or less a partner to us . 
  when we allowed greece to join , we accepted at least some degree of responsibility for eachother . 
  the eu is in general quite useful for germany and i dont mind our contributions to it . 
  these reguees are of no use to us . 
  i dont mind taking some refugees . 
  but the basis for taking refugees shouldnt be : how much refugees exist . 
  it should be : how much can we conveniently integrate . 
  because lets be realistic : the chances that they will ever return home after getting asylum or subsidiary protection are close to zero . 
  the mena region is perpetually fucked . 
  its an investment into people that offer us nothing . 
  oh and into people that hate our culture . 
  i would prefer we invest into our own citizens . 
  but hey , thats just me . 
  it is wasted , because it could be used more effectively , for more important things . 
  and yes , even if you can basically print money , opportunity cost exist . 
  this argument never counts when discussing any other investments . 
  also : jobs like language trainers and social workers are paid very , very badly . 
  germany doesnt need shit jobs like those . 
  they tried that . 
  now they pay 10 billion to get it out of the mine again because its not safe . 
  nuclear power in germany is very much a stupid idea . 
  considering the fact that not a single german city is on that list . 
  it just might be . 
   are paramilitary organizations beating up people in the streets by the thousands for their political views ? 
  i mean erdogan basically stopped the peace process with the kurds to discredit the kurd aligned mainstream party and make sure they dotn steal his votes . 
  nobody cares about values . 
  the us allied with saudi arabia because it suits them . 
  they will allow turkey to stay in the nato even if it becomes a terrorist breeding super conservative islamist shithole . 
  just as long as turkey is of some use to the us , of course . 
  it really doesnt matter how a dictator gets his position . 
  being elected probably isnt even rare for your average dictator and autocrat . 
  which is odd , norway does have oil ... / s, 
  pretty good to fix something as stupid as this . 
  didnt even know that people were castrated for being gay . 
  hope they get an appropriate compensation for their prison stay and things liked missed pension payments and whatnot . 
  weird that they only mention men though . 
  guess women got away with being lesbian ? 
  i mean they seem to be decent about it . 
  the building seems to be mostly intact , no plastic shit all over the place and no giant banners or something like that . 
  even the wooden barriers between tables fit in with the room . 
  well as i said : `` afaik '' . 
  i honestly dont even care much about these things . 
  as far as i am concerned these people can do what they want if they get the go ahead from a psychologist . 
  are those people even ( legally ) recognized as female ? 
  i sort of doubt it . 
  i mean without the actual sex change surgery , their change isnt pemanent . 
  breat implants and hormones can be reversed afaik . 
  not without assistance . 
  and even then , its only possible for f -  m transgenders because they keep their internal equipment . 
  m -  f transgenders lose their testicles and therefore their reproductive capabilities . 
  their only option would be freezing sperm before they lose them . 
  but this is based on the parents behaviour . 
  and even then , is there any evidence that this is more than different types of parent-child relationships that merely often align with genders , rather than be restricted to genders ? 
  that is not correct , you must have a very shitty card . 
  basically every single super market that isnt a 50 year old 12 m \u00b3 one man shop accepts debit cards . 
  credit cards have little to no use , everybody uses debit cards anyway . 
  hell a lot of supermarkets allow you to pay absurd things like a 30 cent bun with debit cards . 
  without a doubt to make more money , the lawyer should know its a pointless endeavour . 
   in what way exactly ? 
  merkel isnt conservative , she has no political alignment at all . 
  the spd are social democrats on paper , but have been moving towards the middle of the spectrum since schroeder . 
  they have lost a ton of votes for it , but now they are so weak that they have no chance of being the senior partner in any coaltion again . 
  they basically have to chose between allying with merkel for instant power , or breaking up with her and rebuilding the party for a decade to get the trust of their traditional , left wing voters back . 
  right now most left wing voters consider them traitors , idiots or simply think they are incompetent . 
  since the politicians dont give a shit about the party and want the instant power , they do whatever they can to get into the goverment . 
  even if it means slowly burning out the party . 
  statistics like this are kind of meaningless . 
  almost every major party will support merkel . 
  spd , greens and fdp will always sign up for a coalition with her . 
  only afd and die linke would probably refuse a coalition . 
  there is really no party that would not ally with merkel , but would also not fuck up if elected . 
  merkel will get reelected 2017 , regardless of what she does until then . 
  dont underestimate merkels ability to turn around on a dime if her current policies become unpopular . 
  if the media burns down the turkey deal , for example by painting a horrific picture of the eu bowing down to a dictator and religious fanatic , merkel might just accept whatever other option is at all possible , or at least sellable . 
  wait , didnt they vote for a grexit ? 
  i seem to remember the result of the referendum was a rejection of the proposal . 
  but syriza didnt give a damn and ultimately accepted an even worse version of the same proposal . 
  oh , well i guess i was confused by the `` vote '' in the intro . 
  thought its like an official recommendation by an expert commission or something like that . 
  he probably knows that there are still a lot of turks that want to join the eu . 
  chances are he is just fishing for their votes and support with cheap statements that dont actually reflect his policies . 
  for the community , probably . 
  but once anything involves politicians , they can always delay and force their successor to deal with it . 
  or just shift blame to others , like the police or social services in this case . 
  hell some politicians might enjoy this because they can use it to appeal to conservatives with hard line policies that make them look competent without actually fixing the problem . 
  too bad they rejected the registration of deactivated guns . 
  if there is no common standard for deactivation procedures , forcing deactivated guns to be registered would certainly help . 
  breaking up local power structures that actively fight agaisnt state intervenition can be very nasty and requires a lot of ressources . 
  maybe the local goverment and the police simply dont have the ressources or the experience in doing this effectively . 
  mechanics would be weird . 
  pretty sure both wheels would move when steering , doesnt sound like the most elegant solution to be honest . 
  junker should probably just shut up already . 
  i doubt that his comments on a brexit help the remain side in the uk at all .
