  is it really that unlikely that at least most of those have bribed somebody here or there ? 
  i mean some cultures/nations basically force you to bribe goverment clerks to get anything done in a reasonable amount of time . 
  hell i 've seen a lot of blogs/articles about doing goverment/tax paperwork in italy and they werent kind . 
  its not so hard to believe that this can be the case in russia too . 
  you miss one point : once greece is out the eu doesnt have to throw them any more money . 
  i mean most of the `` loans '' given to greece will never be payed back anyway . 
  a grexit would mean that we wont have to throw even more money into the shredder . 
  some humanitarian aid is hell of a lot cheaper than another decade of bailouts . 
  debt relieve will never make it through all the necessary parliaments . 
  if the imf walks out of this bailout package , grexit will become the most likely option again . 
  what kind of lesson would that be ? 
  the plan was always to let greece go if the very half hearted support they got wouldnt be enough . 
  if the iwf bails out the ez can say they did what they could , but the iwf didnt want to help and sit on their existing offer . 
  that offer is obviously useless and will ruin the greek economy , forcing greece to issue a new currency aka grexit . 
  which is what a majority of the ez nations prefers right now . 
  that because a lot of people think that the greek will starve if we dont bail them out . 
  starving people in europe tend to be a better motivation to spend money than the abstract benefits of space exploration . 
  i am all for scifi and space exploration , but there are too many problems down here to go crazy with space agency founding right now . 
  this bailout isnt mean to save greece . 
  its meant to humiliate greece to force them to leave the ez on their own because there is no formal mechanism to throw them out . 
  everybody knows greece will get fucked if this passes the parliaments , thats the entire point . 
  the hardline nations in the ez will not give in , it would be political suicide . 
  if the imf doesnt give in , we will most likely get the grexit now rather than in 3 years when the current bailout plan would run out . 
  they said greece wont go anywhere without debt cuts . 
  if anything this will collapse the bailout agreement and put the grexit back on the table . 
  the imf doesnt want to throw money into a bailout that is obviously not going to work . 
  basically : without debt restructuring , the imf would most likely lose their money to a future debt restructuring/default . 
  they 'd rather have other creditors cut their demands . 
  it depends on your parents income and the number of siblings you have . 
  those people elected populists just a few months ago . 
  those people decided to spit in the face of their allies when they voted no . 
  democracy isnt just about getting to decide things , its about taking the responsibility for your decisions as well . 
  to be honest , greece must suffer in order to sell any kind of bailouts to the parliaments of the creditor nations . 
  the no vote is seen as an insult to everybody that tried to help greece , now they pay the price for this . 
  at the end of the day tsipras thinks this is better than a default . 
  i would have prefered a default and consider it a better option for both sides , but this is what we got . 
  and you guys thought merkel got the wrong priorities for the negotiations . 
  afaik said 2 boring and stagnating parties have to vote to change the system . 
  and thats never going to happen for obvious reasons . 
  if i were you i wouldnt say these things lightly . 
  you know some people might get ideas . 
  we also deal with putin , obama , china and sell tanks to saudi arabian dictators . 
  that doesnt mean we are happy whatsoever with how these people run their nations . 
  they probably think a grexit is too risky but expect sch\u00e4uble to whip the lazy bums a bit here and there to make sure they remember their part of the agreement . 
  i am still confused why tsipras accepted the deal to begin with . 
  shouldnt he know that this wont work and the greek will have his head for this once they see the actual effects of the new austerity programe ? 
  it wasnt a lie , it was politics . 
  i leave it to your cynism to figure out how much of a difference that makes . 
  because the greek got themselves into a situation where they can and will blame germany that we let them starve if we dont give them the bailout they need to continue their irresponsible style of running a state . 
  as i said , if anybody capituated it was germany . 
  the greek got themselves into this situation by electing generations of incompetent and corrupt politicians . 
  yes they shouldnt have been given the euro , yes europe made mistakes , but the core problem and the reason why greece is fucked while others are not is the fact that greek goverments suck and have sucked for decades . 
  the insulting austerity they have to suffer was a means to force them out of the euro . 
  it didnt work because the greek are desperate to keep the euro so they can burn for all i care . 
  and nobody trusts greece to actually do what it takes . 
  this survey doesnt mean that we like greece , it means that we give them money knowing they will fuck up anyway . 
  talking about capitulations huh ? 
  just take a look at the fact that only 18 % believe that the greek goverment will actually implement the reforms and you get why so many germans like the rough handling of greece . 
  it was syrizas choice to hold a referendum against the warnings of the ez , it was the greeks choice to vote no against the warnings of the ez . 
  you can only spit somebody in the face so many times before they beat you up . 
  that would have destroyed europe right there . 
  greece had to be delayed to buy other problematic nations time to fix their shit . 
  well the problem is that greece had to be given a harsh treatment either way . 
  i am pretty sure that one reason for this humiliation is to make sure more important nations like spain or italy dont step out of line . 
  so ultimately , greece just got fucked pretty badly for mostly political reasons . 
  and we still face the option of a default once the greek realise what the price for keeping the euro will be . 
  not sure if this is better for europe after all . 
  i dont think this will happen to be honest . 
  and even if , a greek default still has its advantages . 
  meanwhile , given how brutal the negotiations were and how harsh the agreement seems to be for greece , this will probably keep italy and spain in line . 
  1 . the kfw subsidiary was an example of what kind of org could manage the assets . 
  it was not part of the artual proposal 2 . the actual proposal said that the fond would be managed by the greek 3 . 
  you still cant read beyond headlines , if you dont fix that , you should probably stop posting for the sake of this sub, 
   but now we see there is no solidarity between governments lessons learned . 
  dont call your creditors nazis and terrorists , it might dampen the mood . 
  it seems you cant read beyond headlines . 
  taking a loan means becoming dependant on others . 
  you agree to this when you accept the money . 
  but why should the ez believe him at this point ? 
  he can just randomly hold another referendum , or the greek can just vote an even more obscure party into the goverment . 
  there isnt any trust left . 
  this offer actually makes sense from a certain point of view . 
  if you cant trust a nation at all , force them to give up the competences needed and do it yourself . 
  we didnt break the rules so badly that we had to beg our allies for 400b worth of bailouts . 
  i am not saying that this is the humanitarian thing to do . 
  a grexit will obviously be quite devastating for greece . 
  but it could be the kind of hard decision that is ultimately for the best . 
  greece should never have gotten the euro . 
  mistakes were made on both sides . 
  we have an opportunity to fix this mistake once and for all . 
  merkel has no political vision at all , or at the very least doesnt act on it and prefers waiting for political opportunities . 
  the current situation is an excellent opportunity for her . 
  several north/east european nations are annoyed by greece , drastic options are on the table and might find enough support to be realised . 
  this is the perfect situation for merkel to enforce her vision of europe and the euro and demolish those that dont share it ( italy and france ) . 
  actually , i am certain that both merkel and sch\u00e4uble consider a grexit beneficial for the ez . 
  it would harden the ez and establish a precedent of how to deal with nations that cant play by the rules . 
  it would be a harsher , not so friendly eurozone . 
  but also a more stable one . 
  sure there would be a blacklash and the mood in europe would darken a bit , but it could actually turn out well for both greece and the ez , eventually . 
  your comment is about as useful as the article .
