  10b this year will probably be 20b next year . 
  merkel is basically inviting people right now . 
  they come with an idea of western culture that isnt realistic . 
  a lot also had no clue what europe is like and were served a lot of bullshit by the friendly logistic personel that organised their travel . 
  did you see the news with the dead child at the beach last week ? 
  thats why these people dont go all at once . 
  lebanon has 2 million migrants because they let them rot . 
  the us gives no benefits whatsoever to migrants either . 
  any migrant reaching germany cost several hundred euro per month for at least a year and we cant deport them at all until their asylum application was denied and and their case is through the courts . 
  if worse comes to worst that means several years at 500-800 euro per month for every single migrant . 
  so yes we absolutely cant afford to take everybody . 
  then again back in \u00b4 39 nobody could get out of the reich by saying `` no thanks , we 'd rather do this on our own '' . 
  what do you think would happen if desperate people that have absolutely nothing to lose meet armed border guards under order not to let anybody in no matter what ? 
  mind you i am not entirely against taking this way , but it would be bloody . 
  and if they would gave gotten support it would have changed absolutely nothing . 
  the us killed a lot more people in iraq than assad killed in syria . 
  the afd just had a split , the liberal wing left and the far right conservative wing is now basically all thats left . 
  once we get some large scale elections they will most likely position themselves somewhere between the npd and cdu . 
  i wouldnt have considered them under lucke , i certainly wont consider them without him . 
  for once i generally like the euro , even with all of its current problems . 
  afd is as much of a bad joke as die linke and the npd now . 
  its basically all the same red brown pile of extremist shit . 
  well yes you are right . 
  once the war started there was no chance that assad would ever regain controll of syria . 
  he went to far and now just about every syrian probably hates him , even those that might have been ok with his regime before . 
  but that doesnt change the fact that syria is a failed state and the west did absolutely nothing to prevent it . 
  thats one of the main problems we have . 
  despite all attempts , the nato has yet to succesfully rebuild a single nation . 
  iraq is still a mess , afghanistan is still a mess , lybia is a mess , syria is a mess and will remain one . 
  if we are realistic about it ; we simply can not rebuild nations after wars like this . 
  we cant do it fast and as democratic nations , we cant commit ourself to a decade long rebuilding process . 
  so our only chance is to prevent these kind of wars , even if that means supporting dictators . 
  thats what happens in a dragged out civil war . 
  it also happened in iraq when the us lead coalition ended up killing hundreds of thousands of iraqi civilians . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/casualties_of_the_iraq_war#overview._death_estimates_by_group this supports my point , preventing this war from the start would have been really good . 
  i honestly dont know much about that . 
  i know that sometimes when a coalition between a large and a small party is likely and people prefer voting for the smaller party they will split votes . 
  but this is somewhat specific and i havent done it myself . 
  it usually depends how well the 2 parties get along and happens mostly if both parties have commited themselves to a coalition before the elections . 
  what does that prove ? 
  because its quite logical that assad mostly fights secular rebells . 
  after all , those are the rebells nobody else wants to fight . 
  i mean at this point its too late for syria anyway . 
  the war means all sides got more radical and desperate and a peaceful solution is next to impossible . 
  probably going to vote for the pirate party again if possible . 
  not that they are a useful party , but the big parties are basically all shit and at least the pirates wont ever be relevant so voting for them cant do much damage . 
  might check if their candidate is from austria though , just in case . 
  looks very staged , but nice music nonetheless . 
  well yes , but at some point either the imf bends even more which seems increasingly unlikely as non european imf members lose interest to pay europes bills , or they demand debt relief . 
  so there is a chance that the imf wont bend and merkel has to make a decision between debt relief and a grexit . 
  and i for one absolutely hope that merkel will refuse to agree to any bailout without the imf . 
  fastest way to resolve the issues with greece . 
  but you are right , she most likely lied about it . 
  but dont worry i wont forget that at the next elections , unlike most germans . 
  the rational decision always was backing assad . 
  yes he is a dictator , but assad would bring stability which not only syria , but also the iraq desperately needs . 
  backing assad was the only option to stabilise syria without a massive intervenition that nobody wants . 
  as it stands syria is basically screwed and will most likely not recover in the next 5-10 years . 
  its going to be yet another failed state that breeds terrorists . 
  its also their only weapon against the west . 
  terrorism mostly spreads terror , its not exactly an effective military tool . 
  i dont think sanders is a populist to be honest . 
  trump surely is an all out populist and declared himself to be some sort of anti politician i think , but sanders seems to be mostly a left leaning democrat . 
  then again this is also the reason the oh so corrupt and self serving nd politicians arent in jail yet . 
  i guess the greeks crying about that will be crying about syriza in a few years then . 
  much better than trying to change things and hold politicians responsible for their actions . 
  its alright to play hardball if you have a plan b in case you get a nasty ball to the face . 
  he had no plan whatsoever besides getting his ass elected . 
  you cant seriously think getting elected based on a lie and then just throwing away your own country once the lie doesnt work out is how democracy is supposed to work . 
  as i said above , if tsipras isnt held accountable for his shit , why should any greek politician ever care about anything but themselves ? 
  their voters are obviously willing to roll with it . 
  `` i will not accept austerity '' `` lets have another vote to make sure we 're on the same page here , no austerity '' goes on to accept austerity thats worse than the last offer . 
  you can flip a coin if he is dangerously incompetent or lied to his people with full knowleddge of what would happen . 
  either way he got elected with a lie . 
  its not much of a choice isnt it ? 
  everybody is a corrupt bastard , alright . 
  so start holding them accountable for it . 
  it doesnt matter where you start , just start . 
  tsipras would merely be a good choice because his lie was a public one and the results are very visible . 
  so start arresting this dirt and once the anti corruption thing gets rolling you can take on more difficult to prove cases , like whatever nd did in the past . 
  because she didnt give in randomly just because syriza lied to their own people saying that she would ? 
  syriza and syriza alone fucked this up . 
  they gambled and lost pretty damn hard . 
  if greece ever wants to have a competent and honest goverment tsipras has to go to jail for his lies . 
  if he doesnt , he is just yet another head of goverment that lied to the greek and got away with it and nothing will change . 
  its not like we stopped all energy imports from russia anyway . 
  i really dont see the issue . 
  we are buying oil and gas no matter what , whats so bad about building a new pipeline ? 
  i am not judging them , i am merely pointing out how they can take this much people in and why we cant . 
  its perfectly fine for them to handle refugees like they do because they have to take so many . 
  turkey and the lebanon can take this much refugees because they let them rot in a camp . 
  its easy to take a million if you give them next to nothing and are willing to throw them out at a moments notice if they get inconvenient . 
  if every single refugee costs you hundreds of euro per month for most likely several years and you cant throw them out at all once they reach your soil you have to be very careful . 
  the father made the decision to risk the lifes if the entire family . 
  there is a reason why a lot of the migrants and refugees we get in europe are male , because they arent dumb enough to risk their entire family and send the father or older childs alone at first . 
  this guy took a massive gamble based purely on the promises of people that were 100 % sure to be criminals and had a very good reason to lie to their `` customers '' . 
  if you risk the life of your family because a bunch of profit hungry , lying criminals tells you its going to be worth it you deserve no pitty for whatever happens . 
  alright so we made the rules for this . 
  it was still this families decision to risk their very existence for a chance to reach europe . 
  while you are right to some degree , thats a fucking terrible example .
