  she would be a nobody if she wouldnt be married to the potus . 
  thats pretty much the complete opposite of what a power ranking is supposed to show . 
   clearly not real muslims . 
  at least i have experience talking to people who studied theology . 
  so how many of the muslims in the world do you think fit your idea of being a muslim ? 
  because i have this creeping feeling that one or two might not perfectly understand the quran . 
  might just be me though . 
  they probably all studied theology . 
  thats a clickbait headline btw . 
  the article explicitly mentions that one of the reasons why they cant be jailed is that this would prevent them from being deported as quickly as possible . 
  this doesnt prevent the police from arresting people until their legal status can be determined . 
  it also mentions that simply returning to the eu after being deported is a perfectly valid reason for jailing them . 
  have you read the bible in its original language ? 
  do you know anybody who has read the bible in its original language ? 
  because just a few days ago i had a talk with and about some refugees in germany . 
  4 of them , from 3 different nations . 
  all of them said they read the quran , but they dont understand shit . 
  they read the words , but they dont know what to do with that . 
  do you really think this is a rare occurance ? 
   the part that pisses me off for the tourist is how suddenly the state department or whoever is suddenly responsible for you by law even though there 's a million warnings ` dont swim in the water , sharks ! ', 
  dont they get fined or have to pay part of the expenses ? 
  afaik it can hurt a lot to rely on this kind of safety net . 
  i mean realistically , only the head of goverment or head of state of g8 nations have a chance to compete to begin with . 
  so unless the us elect clinton , there wont even be any theoretical competition any time soon . 
  kirchner isnt in office anymore , rousseff is suspended right now and michelle obama had next to no power to begin with , and even that is going to fade with her husband leaving office soon . 
  i mean isnt his black talk show woman rated higher than michelle obama in the us ? 
  most of your album is heavily edited anyway . 
  you can make every shithole look like paradise with this amount of editing . 
  the content of the quran doesnt mean shit , just like the content of the bible doesnt mean anything . 
  those books are so old that you rely on translations and interpretations to apply their commands to modern day life . 
  which means you rely on other people and organisations to interpret and translate the books . 
  at the end of the day , these organizations shape the actual beliefs of most believers . 
  most christians are christians on paper only . 
  afaik there is a certain degree of social pressure or perceived social pressure that makes people identify as christians for polls and whatnot when they reallistically are agnostics . 
  there is a lot of modernization to be done that wont even affect doctrine as much . 
  stuff like the spending of high ranking religious officials , transparency of the vatican bank , a more down to earth focused approach rather than preaching from the pulpit , etc. 
  the old man in an ivory tower approach doesnt work anymore and doesnt make the church attractive for anybody . 
  afaik francis started working on some of these things . 
  the catholic church doesnt speak for all christians . 
  and the islam is even more fractured than christianity . 
  so yes you can be a muslim and give no fucks . 
  just like you can be a christian and not give a damn about the pope . 
  so how do you feel about your taxes being used to build street you 'll never use ? 
  because just like everybody can watch bbc content , the brits can watch everybody else content . 
  and i really dont get how `` but they could watch it for free '' is an argument . 
  how does that even affect you ? 
  because the content is good and people want to watch it ? 
  i mean objectively , there is no reason not to pay for it . 
  other than greed that others can watch the stuff without paying for it . 
  but thats not much of a point if you can watch other nations content for free as well . 
  so weird that your number is this low . 
  i am pretty sure there is money to be made with recycling . 
  at the very least enough to recycle a few percent . 
  i mean outside of the comedian thats your head of state , turkey doesnt seem that backwards of a country . 
  dude , we 're selling cars as fast as we can . 
   sure , many people do it , but it 's not `` natural '' for people to do that . 
  such actions suggest some kind of mental illness , defect , or similar condition . 
  so everything unhealthy isnt natural ? 
  what ? 
   if i have a condition that makes me want to pull my hair out and eat it , that might be `` my right '' to do so , but it does n't make it natural . 
  if its a condition that can be found in many species its very much natural . 
  i mean how could it not tbe natural if its part of multiple species gene pool and behaviour ? 
   it 's a christian school . 
  they believe the bible . 
  and people are shocked that they 're being taught the bible ? 
  were not in the middle ages anymore . 
  religion has to accept scientific progress . 
  did you read the article and see the pictures ? 
  that doesnt read or look like a healthy school enviroment . 
  the curriculum also seems to suck and teach very few practical things . 
  like we would accept this kind of excuse for islamic fundamentalist schools . 
  i dont think you know what you are talking about . 
  you dont have to plan an economy . 
  but it is possible to make investments in a certain technology more attractive by supporting it with subsidaries and market friendly regulations . 
   they can speak turkish when whenever they want , as long as they speak also german and respect german laws . 
  so for your its the sign of well done integration if 3rd generation migrants refuse to speak the local language unless they must ? 
  thats interesting . 
   i know how bad it is . 
  but i do n't think islam will be how it is now too much long . 
  why ? 
  do you have any actual indicators that point towards that ? 
  because everything i see is that europe gets increasingly conservative because of failed dealings with refugees and migration rather than the refugees and migrants suddenly all becoming liberals . 
   they will eventually become more european . 
  you mean like the 3rd generation turks that still identify as such and speak turkish whenever they can ? 
  i dont think you realize just how bad europe is at integrating muslims . 
   we are talking about europe having more muslims than non muslims . 
  being them 5 % now , it will take centuries for them to reach 50 % , unless something unusual happen . 
  you dont need 50 % for social problems and polarized societies . 
  there are in fact schools in germany with a migrant level of 20-30 % yes their fertility rate goes down within i think 3 generations . 
  but they do in fact have a lot more children until then . 
  a guaranteed market is pretty nice to have and takes out some of the risk of inventions . 
   you called it . 
  you are an abomination . 
  most people are lazy and do as little as possible . 
  that 's the nature of almost everything , not just humans . 
  this has nothing to do with lazyness . 
  working 60 hours a week isnt exactly healthy . 
  it basically means you have next to no time for anything else . 
  its not sustainable and the only people doing it are entrepeneurs that want to get their business started to work less later on ( or to be lazy later on i guess ) and poor people with no other choice . 
   anyone with a weak leader/dictator and a need for cash .
