  you think thousands of people getting purged every month is a sign of a stable society ? 
  stable is not a moral category . 
  as far as i can tell , erdogans power is quite secure . 
  the fact that he successfully oppresses his opposition makes turkey more stable , not less . 
  you might not like it , i certainly dont , but the chances of any sort of revolution against erdogan and his system are very low . 
  technically speaking , his above comment could have been rather bleak sarcasm . 
  a missed opportunity , really . 
  turkey has exactly the leader it wants . 
  stop blaming others for the failure of your own society . 
  erdogan was elected * multiple times * before he had the power to make sure he stays elected . 
  gdp is an indicator . 
  the fact that it fell this much this quickly , but nobody blames the goverment for it means that turkeys society is in fact durable and stable . 
  * which isnt always a good thing * , but still . 
  so far its talking big and doing nothing substantial . 
  the new privacy shield was a joke from the start , the fact that the eu accepted it already shows how gullible the officials are . 
  all things considered the eu has only fucked up this problem so far . 
  so lets see if the eu actually manages to * do * something useful about this , rather than just talk about it . 
  if german citizens rent a building and invite a guest to hold a speech , there isnt much that can be done about it . 
  the angle that was used here is one of the few possible options . 
  yeah , these days they dont bother with locking you up . 
  if the goverment wants you dead for political reasons , you just get an umbrella to the leg and its done . 
  * your * media has ignored it in favor of news about orange boys latest tweets . 
  european media has not ignored it at all . 
  pretty sure the formalities regarding her guilt are already done . 
  the eu wouldnt demand the funds returned if it wasnt clear and proven that they were missused . 
  and the eu has to escalate this . 
  its bad enough that a lot of politicians already blame the eu for various thing it didnt cause . 
  if the eu would actually determine that eu funds were missused , but would not try to do anything about it , it would lose a lot of credibility . 
  it would also lose a lot of money . 
  because suddenly a lot of politicians all across europe would `` missuse '' eu funds , knowing that the eu doesnt dare to prosecute . 
  she messed up the eu funds investigation on her own . 
  she had the chance to return the missused money silently and get away for free . 
  her greed and possibly her atrocious financial situation prevented her from doing so . 
  i dont see why she should get special consideration for this . 
  the un criticizes nations that they believe give a shit . 
  like , if they tried to criticize north korea , kim would print the pictures of him they 'd use in a 50 meters tall version and have them put on every building in pj\u00f6njang , celebrating that the un formaly recognizes north korea as best korea . 
  that would be awkward . 
  so the un stick to countries that wont make fun of them too openly . 
  its pretty funny that they set up their mandate in a way that doesnt allow them to work on actual problems . 
  because if they tried to , their agents would be shot or thrown into jail . 
  i guess we should enjoy this criticism . 
  if these refugees would be distributed by any sort of logic , ~ 80 % would end up in the us and uk . 
  yeah dude , we obviously only let them in to have easy targets for 70 years worth of racist jokes we couldnt find an outlet for . 
  i mean its still germany so thats a total of 5 jokes , but still . 
  that would be insane . 
  the proper course of action is to display a warning that the news was flagged as misleading and then link the fact checker profile that clears up the misinformation . 
  you dont get just how much of a problem this guy was . 
  he was already bailed out by germany once , we paid terrorist 500k to save this moron from his own stupidity . 
  what do you think do the locals think about this , the people that suffer from the terrorists we paid ? 
  this guy is a walking , sailing , bag of money for terrorist nutjobs and his idiocy makes things worse for everybody that already has to deal with terrorism in these countries . 
  when you reach the point where your own selfish idiocy ruins other peoples lifes , you do deserve to face the consequences of your idiocy yourself . 
  sailing isnt covered by human rights . 
  if you walk into a minefield for no reason at all , you dont get to complain if you lose a leg . 
  getting yourself into danger for no other reason than the thrill of it is * very * different from fighting for the most basic of human rights . 
  if anything you are insulting the victims of genuine oppression by putting this guy on their level . 
  if thats true that he got what he deserved . 
  i am glad he didnt get bailed out this time . 
  paying terrorist to get morons like him back just fucks the locals that suffer from the terrorists . 
  they wouldnt care that germany would have to bail out a citizen , for them it would be germany financing terrorists . 
  nice that we avoided that . 
  it speaks for all citizen , no matter what . 
  its a key part of democracy to accept if your ideas are rejected by a majority . 
  if you cant accept that , you dont deserve the right to campaign for your ideas to begin with . 
  you cant just randomly reject your elected goverment because your party lost an election . 
  hell this is why the us are so fucked up , even beyond trump . 
  the us are pure partisan politics . 
  there is no society , there are 2 parties and the one you dont support is the enemy . 
  we dont need this shit in europe . 
  what exactly do you lose if you buy a product purely based on * hearing that its a good product * ? 
  brands use different formulas in different countries all the time . 
  afaik coke is very different in the us than in europe . 
  hell afaik its very different in the us compared to mexico . 
  something about sugar vs corn syrup . 
  so the question is : which coke would you want to force them to sell in romania ? 
  the us one , the mexican one , the western europe version ? 
  how the fuck would you get proper regulation out of this ? 
  you have to be more specific than that . 
  say : a product in ee contains more sugar than the same product in germany . 
  good because more sugar , or bad because more sugar ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  but that has more to do with romanian food standards rather than company double standards . 
  and honestly , i always check the contents of sausages and compound meat products i buy pre packaged . 
  in fact i decided against buying a 70 % meat bockwurst just today because wtf is the remaining 30 % ? 
  you cant trust these things anywhere . 
  a goverment is usually considered to speak for its citizen when it comes to foreign policies . 
  i mean thats one of the core parts of the whole sovereignity thing . 
  curious what they will do about it though ? 
  you cant force a company to sell a certain product in a country . 
  its perfectly normal to have different versions of the same product for different markets . 
  its not even a problem , consumer tastes are different . 
  but if you accept that , how will you get an objective standard as to what constitutes a lower quality ? 
  what if the customers in a certain country like a product sweeter and thats why it contains more sugar or w/e ? 
  i dont see a way to do much about this beyond symbolic outrage . 
  surprisingly good judgement from the judge . 
  lets hope the sentence doesnt get repealed by a higher court . 
  if we really get a full scale eu military , that wont be much of a problem . 
  the production of different types of equipment could be spread out . 
  afaik germany produces state of the art tanks and diesel electric subs at the moment . 
  so we could make these . 
  i 'm sure other countries have their own specialities as well .
