  ultimately , they want gema to succeed to get a precedent for better licensing world wide . 
  how would a defense budged do anything for us ? 
  if we had a 400b anual budget , the us wouldnt have bombed iraq because we said so ? 
  hell no . 
  and you miss one important factor as to why it worked for us . 
  the us stayed until germany was a stable nation again . 
  the iraq and afghanistan are breeding grounds for terrorist because the us didnt take the responsibility for their actions and pulled out as soon as it became inconvenient to stay . 
  if you bomb a country to shit you are responsible for whatever happens to this country until you rebuild it into a stable nation . 
  the us bombed nations , then abadoned them . 
  youtube wants gemas product without any legal claim to it . 
  gema can charge whatever the hell they want for their product . 
  its up to youtube to pay the price if they want to broadcast content of artist represented by gema . 
  gema has a right to this content , youtube is the one asking for something . 
  second most useful means after english ? 
  if so , whats the first most useful foreign language in the uk ? 
  french ? 
   gema ; english : society for musical performing and mechanical reproduction rights . 
  [ ... ] gema represents the usage rights stemming from authors ' rights ( e.g. , mechanical licensing , broadcast licensing , synchronization licensing ) for the musical works of those composers , lyricists , and publishers who are members in the organization . 
  simply put : youtube broadcasts music and videos from artist gema represents , but refuses to pay gema for the right to do so . 
  since youtube doesnt pay , gema forces them to delete any material from artist they represent . 
  youtube gets back on them by displaying a message that basically says `` gema doesnt allow us to show this to you '' . 
  thats why people think its all the fault of evil gema . 
  mind you gema is a piece of shit and despite being a private organisation they collect their fees ruthlessly as if it was their god given right to take your money . 
  but its still not their fault if youtube doesnt want to pay their fees ,, 
  which reinforces my point . 
  you cant use a law based on local language use to enforce a copyright over 2 continents . 
  hence this shit cant be in ttip . 
  if they would be `` functionally identical '' , it wouldnt take nearly as much effort to get ttip done . 
  in fact ttip would be mostly redundant . 
  but this law only makes sense if its strictly applied to one nation or area with a homogenous language use . 
  if you put this into ttip , it simply wont work . 
  why should kleenex not be allowed to protect their tm in europe just because its a common term for tissue in the us ? 
  its not common in europe and therefore should be a possible trademark in europe . 
  thats just dumb . 
  at the end of the day products with names that clearly refer to locations should come from this location . 
  its one thing to make black forest style cake , its very much different to sell the same cake as black forest cake . 
  it isnt . 
  stop lying to your customers . 
  its completely absurd if you have to check the small print and most likely do some further research online to find out if the product you bought actually comes from the region that the name implies . 
  eh thats not bullshit , not at all . 
  youtube simply refuses to pay what the gema asks them too . 
  youtube could literally get this sorted any minute by just agreeing . 
  the panorama thing was weird , but at least germany allows public photography so whatever . 
  if you dont give your tax office clerk a nice present for christmas probably : /, 
  then again this calculation only makes sense if you dont plan on continuing your freelance work . 
  because if you do , you get the advance tax `` back '' which would probably drop the tax burden below 50 % . 
  now close to 50 % is pretty damn high , but not as absurd as the 61 % you ended up with . 
  its true for the more wealthy nations in western europe . 
  freelancers simply need to make hell of a lot more than employees to cover their typical tax/insurance disadvantages . 
  20k a year doesnt justify the hassle of freelance work in western europe imo . 
  so who would `` humiliate '' greece by making freelance tax a mess ? 
  because last time i checked these things would have to pass your parliament . 
  and those laws are probably older than a few years anyway . 
  so you ( or at the very least a majority of greeks ) voted for the people that gave you these great laws . 
  the reason for these refugees is in fact mindless military intervenition . 
  isis is a direct product of the us intervenition in iraq and the us support for syrian rebels . 
  you guys were messing around and destabilizing nations , turning them into failed states that provided the room for isis to become powerful . 
  your retarded foreign policy of bombing nations to shit without properly rebuilding them is causing most of the crap we see in the middle east right now . 
  so why dont you clean up the mess you caused for once rather than make fun of the people that were smart enough to see your bullshit warmongering for what it is ? 
  its also not necessary for us to accept a more active military role outside of europe . 
  there is no point in any military actions outside of europe and the adjacent waters . 
  i dont think you realise just how many tanks germany still has . 
  sure a lot of those are in storage , but still . 
  we also have a substantial amount of nuclear weapons that can afaik be dropped from tornados . 
  have them us offer them guarantees for their territorial integrity in exchange for giving up their nukes if it happens . 
  this can only end well for everybody involved . 
  this is what i meant with efficiency issues . 
  they are able to produce at a profit , but the margin is lower than what other companies can achieve and they cant afford to sell at the low prices in russia because of that . 
  the article mentions efficiency issues . 
  maybe they have to sell abroad to get a higher price because they arent as efficient as the foreign competition ? 
  thats normal for industrial products . 
  they probably produce parts that are combined with other parts into a finished product that is sold as made in germany . 
  its fairly logical too , for once germany has no large scale mining industry anymore , yet our main export products are fairly metal heavy . 
  stuff has to come from somewhere , and its not just ore and raw steel we buy from other nations . 
  still not a problem . 
  nations outside of the eu have their own currencies they can use to balance the books . 
  nobody is afraid of a grexit anymore . 
  greece got a bailout out of populism and pitty . 
  in the end we will throw money into the fire until somebody grows the balls to kick greece out or basically call off all debt . 
  the current situation isnt sustainable either way . 
  if russia wants isolation they can have it . 
  russia is in a position where they need to open up and attract foreign capital to get their economy running before the oil runs out . 
  if they chose to isolate themselves because putin says so they will get the bill for it in 30-40 years , and its not going to be pretty . 
  an i7 from 2009 will run just about anything you 'd want to run on a pc , especially on a work pc . 
  the progress of ( commercial ) pc hardware slowed down because consoles limit the gaming market so drastically . 
  yes you can be too large for balance , you actually prove my point . 
  germany cant force anything unto others because the eu was designed to make sure of this . 
  but people think we can do this , because we are larger than the other eu nations . 
  whatever you want to do within the eu needs the approval of a certain majority of the eu members , size alone wont get you anywhere . 
  germany can at best meditate and put positions foward as a representant of a larger group of eu nations , but thats it . 
  the greek bailout/austerity progame is actually the most recent example of this . 
  germany voiced the opinions of a large number of other eu nations . 
  somehow that ended up as a `` fourth reich '' on twitter . 
  its not only the current goverment , but you can only blame the past for so long . 
  syriza is just as much responsible for this as the previous goverments . 
  they tried to bluff in a high stakes game and ruined not only their nation , but also the reputation of their goverment when the bluff was called . 
  they also lied to their own people multiple times . 
  chances are your goverment will bomb a hundred nations into freedom and democracy before germany starts a war . 
  the entire point of the article is that to quote `` too weak for hegemony , too large for balance '' . 
  germany cant in fact force anything onto the eu , yet everybody watches up to us and expects us to do so .
