  hell you wont see me arguing about the point the article tries to make , but its just not a very impactful piece . 
   you really think greece has been the first country that wanted the imf to stay out , yet the imf got involved anyway ? 
  greece was free to refuse the imfs money and figure out something else on their own . 
  they took the money . 
  thats the disadvantage of depending on others : nothing is ever free . 
  greece chose to depend on other and got fucked for it . 
  its hardly the imfs fault that greeced needed imf money , its solely the fault of the greek . 
  the ez obviously fucked up pretty badly as well . 
  but in my opinion a default on a credit is always , and without any excuse , the fault of the recipient . 
  they certainly stay because of a few magical policies . 
  you dont have to like the imf , but they dont destroy anything . 
  the imf isnt the police , if you dont want their help , just dont take their help . 
  the african countries that suffered because of imf policies can blame their own idiot/corrupt goverments for it . 
  it means having to use less european money . 
  which makes bailouts easier to sell to the voters . 
  it also creates a lot of pressure . 
  the eu isnt completely retarded , they know how the imf runs their programs . 
  the point is that they wouldnt be able to go to a rich country . 
  a global distribution scheme for refugees would mean the end of any local asylum applications . 
  if it works , any refugee would only have to choice to apply for asylum in this system , in which case they would be send to whereever capacities are available . 
  or they couldnt ask for asylum . 
  hell refugees could be forced to live in the community they are assigned to under threat of losing their asylum rights if they refuse to cooperate . 
  thats something we should right now anyway . 
  eastern europe is a description , not a judgement . 
  it doesnt mean you 're all evil commies . 
  anybody west of poland considers poland eastern europe . 
  its mostly about which side of the fence you were a couple of decades ago . 
   the un coordinates government actions and funding -- it is n't a magic well of money . 
  aside from maybe pulling in more money from the us or japan , the point is that syria and the middle east in general isnt a european problem . 
  in fact , the entire un refuge policy is completely useless . 
  you cant just randomly force nations to take in the entire population of nearby countries in case things go bad . 
  the only way to make the uns asylum definition work would be a global distribution network for refugees . 
  it wouldnt be hard either , simply set up a new charta for this with some sort of socio-economic base indicator for refugee capacity . 
  every nation that signs this gets to distribute every refugee they get ( except for their share obviously ) . 
  this would be an incentive for nations in unstable areas to join . 
  distributing the maybe 5-10 million refugees in europe/turkey/jordan would be no problem at all if they 'd be spread out over most of the world . 
  without a distribution scheme like that , most sane nations will ignore any migrant waves and simply close their borders . 
  which means that every migrant wave will completely fuck over some nation that is too close to close borders or something . 
  the only reason the current migrant wave hasnt already collapsed several nations is because the nations that suffer most from migrants either let them rot ( and hope some un agency feeds them ) or are greece and let the eu pay the bills . 
  sooner or later , a migrant wave will run over neighbouring nations and cause a chain reaction of instability . 
   through ** freely ** elected representatives, 
  democracy isnt just being able to vote . 
  it takes a lot more , checks and balances , human rights , freedom of press , etc. 
  i mean would you call assads syria democratic ? 
  he was elected after all . 
   most of the so called refugees are economic migrants . 
  the fact that they make a beeline for germany and sweden gave that away months ago though . 
  this article doesnt seem all that well written and researched anyway . 
  germany actually stopped the usually mandatory interview because it wasnt possible to conduct it for a million migrants . 
  thats the actual problem : a thorough `` investigation '' of an asylum application takes a lot of time . 
  if you plan to take a 1-1 ,5 % of your total population worth of migrants within a year , there is no way in hell you can keep up formalities . 
  so we just take most if not all with the main criteria being their country of origin and hope for the best . 
  afaik , white meat is also better for other reasons like antibiotics use . 
  they simply dont need as much because the animals dont live as long or something like that . 
  though there is the practical problem that minced meat from poultry is appareantly very difficult to handle . 
  my butcher wont sell it even on order because cleaning their equipment after making it is a huge mess . 
   they want a better life , not just money . 
  they are going to germany , sweden or england if they let them not just because of benifits , but because those countries are open and will let them work . 
  asylum is not intended to provide anybody `` a better life '' . 
  thats in fact counter productive because its a huge burden on the asylum system that leads to stricter asylum laws even for those that actualy flee from war rather than bad salaries . 
  there are a lot of options , lets see . 
  - simply call every town and ask them to figure out their capacity to not just temporarily shelter migrants until they are processed , but permanently take them and integrate them properly . 
  - make a budget for migration , calculate the cost per migrant and take people in until the budget is gone . 
  - some sort of referendum . 
  thats probably an incredibly bad idea , but an option anyway . 
  - ask towns/communities/states / nations how much migrants they * want * , this could also be done on an eu level . 
  ask everybody how much they want , then set up camps in turkey/greece to register migrants for the program and send everybody the number they gave . 
   you take that away , then these migrants are going to be even larger problem and for a longer period of time . 
  but you would also get hell of a lot less migrants once this is communicated properly . 
  thats the point , why do people even bother to go to germany or sweden rather than just stay in any of the countries they pass through ? 
  because they want to have a better life . 
  they dont give a shit about safety , they want money . 
  you will never stop the migrant flow as long as they will have the opportunity to make money . 
  its pretty harsh , but europe must reduce the incentives for migrants to come . 
  because the population in the mena region is only going up for the forseeable future . 
  the eu has a limited scope . 
  making sure that member states respect certain standards for their laws is part of this . 
  investigating every case of a potential violation of rights isnt . 
  thats what courts are for . 
  pretty sure the guardian would have brought this to court if they thought they could win . 
  it doesnt matter how much people need asylum . 
  all that matters is how much we can take before we get substantial social/financial/political problems and how much we want to take . 
  this also means that separating legit refugees from economic migrants isnt that much of an issue . 
  at least not for us . 
  actually , no . 
  i am saying that the one million migrants we have taken in last year is more than we can handle and that we need to close our borders and discourage migration until we have processed and integrated the current group of migrants . 
  germany already has a bit of an integration problem because of the millions of turks we got 40 years ago . 
  this makes integration of additional migrants much more difficult than you 'd think . 
  so what we should do is to discourage further migrants from coming . 
  then work on integrating the migrants we already have and the remaining turks that still arent integrated . 
  once this is done , we can talk about opening the borders again . 
  every syrian in germany is an opportunist . 
  you dont travel through this much safe nations without being one . 
  now , its understandable for them to try this , but the point still stands : asylum is not supposed to give poor people a better life . 
  its supposed to keep them safe . 
  they were safe in any of the countless countries they passed through on their way to germany . 
  they kept going because they wanted fat welfare . 
  most of africa and large parts of the middle east are , for the forseeable future , beyond hope . 
  too bad we cant take in a billion people . 
  what these countries need is an internal rebuilding effort to create a stable society that can keep the religious and ethnic issues under controll .
