  varoufakis was backstabbed by the greek goverment , no the eu . 
  they stopped him form taking greece out of the euro and got rid of him shortly after that . 
  hell at the time , a lot of ez nations would have supported a grexit . 
  so what ? 
  its not like you cant leave . 
  the uk are basically about to get out , so i dont see any reason why this option wouldnt be available to you if there really is a majority against a federal eu . 
  but there is no majority for `` just free trade '' . 
  the eu didnt come up with the political integration over the last few decades randomly . 
  the current eu is a result of a lot of unilateral or majority decisions in the past . 
   yeah it 's religiously nuts but if they had democracy they 'd be even worse so it 's to our benefit to keep the regime and encourage slow liberal reforms . 
  weird how this excuse appareantly didnt count for iraq or afghanistan . 
  and the saudis do in fact finance terrorism . 
  its hell of a lot easier for them because sunnis are much more wide spread too . 
  the eu has different rules for voting though . 
  for example the council needs 55 % of the members , but much more importantly : it needs members to represent 65 % of the eu population for a decision . 
  so effectively : almost 2/3rd of the eu have to agree . 
  thats a very significant majority and far away from the 49/51 situation . 
  the majority , obviously . 
  and i wouldnt say it would hurt the eu . 
  sure an eu without the uk and maybe some other nations would have less political weight to throw around . 
  but at the end of the day its better to have a smaller eu that works well and actually has common goals and ideas about how to live together . 
  than a eu that defines itself purely about its member count , but is eternally crippled by competing interests and special deals for every other member . 
  thats the idea isnt it ? 
  the countries that want close political integration stay . 
  the countries that dont want this leave and just take the free trade that will most likely be maintained . 
  if the massive sunni majority wouldnt at least partially support assad , he 'd be long gone . 
  afaik ethnicy doesnt matter much to assad , i dont seem to remember any cleansings by assad or anything similar before the war . 
   who else is going to help ? 
  this migration wave is an eu problem that needs to be solved within the eu . 
  we can pay others to temporarily reduce the symptoms of this . 
  but the problem will remain until we fix it at the source . 
  this means getting a eu migration policy and fix the incentives that draw migrants to us . 
  its unlikely to happen , especially any time soon . 
  but its the only solution that will help permanently . 
  well i seem to remember that we will pay turkey 3 billion to take them . 
  that would be a start . 
  and again , details dont matter as long as you arent willing to act anyway . 
  migrants dont magically come to germany . 
  they come because they know they will be allowed to stay and they will have a good life with fat welfare here . 
  these factors that make them come can be changed . 
   the refugees didnt come because of germany 's statement in august , they already were pouring in since may . 
  it doesnt matter why they come . 
  what matter is that we allow them to stay . 
  until the nye attacks the general opinion in germany was about 50/50 . 
  even now 40 or so percent still think that `` wir schaffen das '' . 
  so yes , germany wants migrants and germany gets migrants . 
  and this will continue until we start doing something to make coming to germany less attractive . 
  you realize that this is in fact consumption as an absolute number ? 
  this means that the per person consumption in india is incredibly low . 
  i mean 6 countries have a higher beef consumption than india despite having most likely only a tiny fraction of indias population . 
  edit : an actually relevant statistic : http://beef2live.com/story-world-beef-consumption-per-capita-ranking-countries-0-111634 india is place 58 in beef consumption per capita . 
  the us for example consume 25 times as much beef as india per capita . 
  even the eu consumes more than 9 times as much beef as india per capita , despite also having a lot of poor members . 
   7th in domestic consumption . 
  source for that ? 
  because it sounds like an absolute number . 
  and it would be quite impressive if thats the case considering how much people live in india . 
   i 'm absolutely opposed to islamic groups that aim to attack the western civilization but ... why stop them ? 
  mostly because we typically cant take away citizenship easily . 
  so we cant prevent them from coming back and we cant just randomly arrest or kill them because of due process . 
  it would also be excessively impolite to shoot people on sight which might be a problem in the uk . 
   the only reason cs is allowed to be used against people is because it has been tested on animals . 
  * edit : nevermind . 
  * our police actually uses the anti animal spray thanks to a special dispensation from a minister . 
  now the german police isnt under suspicion for being particulary effective right now , but i doubt they would go as far as asking for the permit if the spray wouldnt be effective . 
  and beyond that the point still stands : the spray isnt the perfect protection , but its the best practical protection . 
  even if you are a militant pro arms activist : do you really believe that a bunch of women and girls dressed for a party at nye would carry guns ? 
  i dont think so . 
  that would be pretty good . 
  europe has relied on us hand out for too long . 
  it would be very healthy for our society to have to pay for our own defence . 
  well i guess just about everybody is aware that we will need to reduce meat consumption for ecological reasons sooner or later . 
  either that or eat lab grown meat that was never an animal to begin with . 
  you have 2 neighbours , 1 of which could be bribed out of a war with a sufficiently large amount of maple syrup and another that wont be a threat even if they magically fix all of their problems and enjoy 50 years of economic growth . 
  you could probably cut your military spending by 90 % and you 'd still be perfectly safe . 
  and this is why nobody uses the legal self defense spray in germany , i wasnt even aware that this exists . 
  the spray that people do use is technically not allowed to be used against humans . 
  its designed to drive of animals , as far as i know up to bears . 
  its very strong and if you just happen to carry one and get into a bad situation , it is legal to use it for self defence . 
  thats what people do , not use some shitty anti human spray that doesnt work . 
  yeah thats totaly a good example . 
  so which kind of weapons would help an untrained 90 lb woman to defend herself against 4 trained kung fu masters at short range ? 
  a p90 ? 
  i dont think you understand what pepper spray does . 
  its very much sufficient to get out of a bad situation . 
  and most people that buy it are simply panicking anyway . 
  they buy it to feel better , not to actually defend themselves . 
  a few months in office and they already sound like putin . 
  those guys are really getting work done !, 
  which changes precisely nothing . 
  it is indeed worrysome if a refuge center is even used as a reason for needing increased security . 
   you always need a security plan ( sicherheitskonzept ) for public events of a certain magnitude ( varies depending on local laws ) . 
      this is politics and shitty journalism at its best . 
  let 's see how much crap we can blame on refugees . 
  they needed a security concept on short notice which they didnt need in the past because there is a refuge center close to the planned course of the karneval . 
  this is 100 % a refugee caused problem . 
  greece got to stay in the ez , the price for that was austerity and no debt cuts . 
  if the austerity camp would have `` won '' , we 'd have a grexit . 
  yeah , the word we use for that is anecdotal . 
  i dont doubt that the author made these experiences , but i dont not see how this article has any more value than a random post on facebook .
