  you can jerk off on canadian migration policy all day long . 
  it works because they never actually have to enforce it on an actual border . 
  importing cheap workers is a myth . 
  nobody that had any actual influence on the decision uses that argument . 
  it was used by a hand full of random idiots to retroactively justify the decisions made . 
  democracy as a system and tool isnt above critique itself . 
  there is a reason why most countries are representative democracies rather than direct ones . 
  the latter tend to be very populist . 
  at the end of the day , a good decision is better than a democratic decision . 
  it just so happens that democratc systems tend to be slightly better at makign good decisions and slightly more stable because the transfer of power isnt nearly as cutthroat . 
  the us can not protect estonia either . 
  if russia goes all in , the baltikum and most of eastern europe will be overrun no matter what . 
  and europe is very much capable of defending itself without the us . 
  nah , but everybody that isnt an idiot knows taht the nato deal is pretty good for the us . 
  case in point : germany gets precisely nothing out of the nato . 
  unless trump plans to sacrifice eastern europe to his boss in the kremlin , he has absolutely no leverage whatsoever against germany . 
  this demand is more comical than threatening and the only reason anybody in germany would give a damn about it is that its too funny to be all serious and diplomatic towards trump . 
  if only because it makes his idiocy all the more obvious . 
  if the us want the play games , germany could leave the nato tomorrow and we, 
   they all agreed to pay 2 % by 2024 . 
  the us just want them to show plans on actually doing that . 
  alright then , i 'll spill the beans . 
  germany plans to meet the spending target by developing super carriers and buying 5 complete carrier battle groups . 
  from china . 
  there you go , that should make trump happy now . 
  chances are its going to be hell of a lot cheaper to treat him in europe . 
  prices for treatments are typically negotiated by the insurance companies , and they have a much better negotiation position than joe mcaverage negotiating about not dying . 
  its just a matter of picking the right country . 
  but this has absoutely nothing to do with healthcare and insurance . 
  most european countries should be capable of treating your farther . 
  it was an honorable bombing . 
  the russians are the real monsters here . 
  you probably wont believe it . 
  but they have people on the internet . 
  that post things . 
  that arent true . 
  if you look at some current cases of entire societies giving in to fatalism , you 'll find that this isnt as unlikely as you think . 
  and even if they vote , there is a good chance they vote for populists . 
  fun fact : people with lots of money have more influence on politics than people with little money . 
  and considering the recent examples of smart public decisions like the trump election and the brexit : what makes you think that when it comes to dealing with this particular problem , everybody will suddenly act rationally ? 
  the question isnt if its bad because we know its going to be bad for our current society . 
  the question is : do you trust your politicians to make sure the people that get left behind by increasing automatization arent left behind and ignored and are given chances to educate themselves for better jobs ? 
  because it doesnt matter how nice the world could be with robots and every human employee being a super brained engineer or artist . 
  what matters is how we get there without large scale worker riots and without screwing us over . 
  just not for the people that delivered pizza for a minimum wage before . 
  i think you dont understand what i 'm saying . 
  i know they voted against their own interest . 
  i am saying : they deserve what they get . 
  can you really say that you have done absolutely everything even remotely possible to fight for the remain campaign ? 
  how many uk citizen have even bothered to participate in the campaigns in any shape or form ? 
  democracy requires participation beyond throwing paper into ballot boxes . 
  any society that doesnt accept that has bigger problem than whatever the brexit will do to the uk . 
  and if `` your '' team would have won by 2 % you 'd still be jerking off on it . 
  the rules for this referendum were clear from the start ; simple majority . 
  it was also very clear that this would be a decision , not a recommendation . 
  like it or not , remain had a chance to win , they only came ~ 3 % short after all . 
  if you want a democracy , you have to accept that sometimes your team loses by a really tight margin . 
  and this behaviour was yet another great example of why greece is in the gutter : because politicians can do whatever the hell they want and arent held accountable at all . 
  even if you dont like their decision , the brexit is the correct choice for democratic reasons alone . 
  but its easy , they are sorted alphabetically from top to bottom , like a list on the map . 
   i am pretty sure you cant just dictate the language within the boundaries of the gg easy , you dont dictate it , you make them do it voluntarily . 
  its not even hard : extend the goverment enforced collection of church taxes to particulary large and cooperative muslim organisations . 
  this would essentially be free money for them , probably too good to pass up . 
  after all individual greed is the most reliable human motivation . 
  so you offer them that , but in exchange for that they have to register their preachers and they have to meet some sort of standard , including language standards for their sermons and the texts they use , standards for the education of their preachers , etc. 
  i 'm sure it would be possible to work out something along these lines and it would secure significant influence on mosques . 
  combine this with a ban on foreign founding for mosques and the german mosques should be better of financially than the competition and spread out . 
  how tall would those ten men be ? 
  so why care about it ? 
  shrug and move on . 
  spoiler : there are millions of people out there that hate you , hate your country , hate europe and hate everything you appreciate without any good reason and without ever having met you . 
  it doesnt matter at all . 
  you cant change them , their opinions have no influence on your life whatsoever beyond any influence you give them . 
  stop being so thin skinned . 
  i mean she voluntered to deal with random foreigners . 
  its essentially a very shitty service job . 
  you 're gon na have bad experiences in service jobs . 
  get used to it . 
  sounds like you just met a couple of jerks . 
   was sitting next to her . 
  she did n't care about hurting me at all . 
  why would you feel hurtif somebody says something negative about your country though ? 
  you cant seriously be so deluded to think that your country is perfect and above critique ? 
  i mean it probably plays into some stereotype , but i dont give a damn if somebody shit talks germany because they had a bad experience on vacation here or something similar . 
  shit happens , i dont care at all whether or not some places in germany arent fun to visit or if some random shitter had a bad time . 
  also : rich students from arab nations dont respect anybody , be it in poland or germany or singapore . 
  might want to rethink your lifestyle and diet then . 
  you know , just to make sure you 're still around and healthy enough to travel when it happens . 
   that being said , the eu also does n't , as a whole , have the second amendment rationale -- that is , one could say that the point of having a gun in ( much of ) the eu is only to hunt , whereas in the us the rationale was very clearly to allow shooting people who would have military equipment . 
  isnt there an argument in the us that the 2nd amendment was only meant in a sense of a civilian militia that replaces a national army to ensure the independance of states and communities by limiting the power of the federal goverment ? 
  rather than meaning every random joe and jane should carry a gun whenever they feel like it ? 
  i also dont think that having guns really does achieve anything in the theoretical `` self defense against the goverment '' situation that is often brought up as an argument . 
  for once there have been cases where people tried to dig in with guns for stupid reasons like not wanting to pay taxes and stuff like that . 
  to my knowledge , none of these people `` won '' . 
  in practice , no citizen is ever going to `` defeat '' the state/military in a contest of arms these days . 
  military technology and tactics have changed a lot since the days of riflemen firing volleys in formation . 
  if the evil state wants to kill joe mcjoe they just send an attack helicopter and that rifle of his wont mean anything , automatic or not . 
   tons of guns are military surplus assault rifles converted to semi-auto only , so it actually is restricting what people are allowed to have . 
  it doesnt restrict what ** kind ** of gun people are allowed to have , that is semi automatic long rifles . 
  it only restricts the specific guns people arent allowed to have ; that is anything that wasnt always semi automatic .
