  i mean imagine mexico would be a muslim country with a culture comparable to iran ; there would be 11 million illegal muslims in the us . 
  he pushed for a very dramatic change in policy for the uk , one that wont be easy to implement and work with . 
  and then he bailed out rather than own up to his shit talking and help to lead the uk into the future he wanted . 
  whether you are for or against brexit , it wont be easy or convenient to get it done . 
  he should take responsibility and finish what he started . 
  and the us have more illegal mexicans . 
  ever used a map ? 
  while a lot of t_d posters are right wing nuts , this article here is from an okay source and shows something that is genuinely problematic . 
  if your argument boils down to `` go back to t_d '' , you arent any better than the worst t_d posters . 
  do you need a police stamp of approval to decide that this is a dick move and shouldnt be done though ? 
  not everything that is wrong needs to be a crime . 
  hurting other people 's feeling does not justify police intervenition . 
  and arresting people for doing something that is harmless , because of their intention for doing it , is thought policing . 
  the problem is what they were arrested for : spreading hatred . 
  now that can be a viable charge if people call for violence against certain groups , but for burning a book ? 
  i dont think so . 
  not everything we disagree with needs to be dealt with by the police . 
  thought policing will screw us harder than the islam ever could . 
  he isnt even as bad as gwb yet , i mean he is trying his best , but still . 
  you dont get it . 
  his plan worked for him . 
  he came to europe with a goal , he left after getting what he wanted . 
  the long term effect of his incompetence for eu-us relations is utterly irrelevant for him and his own party . 
  all that matters is that he looks good . 
  turmp doesnt give a damn about politics , he cares about his own position . 
  he has improved his position with this visit . 
  it would be a massive loss for germany as all the plans for further integration would instantly be gone . 
  germany needs a stable eu more than a big eu . 
  the uks net contribution is completely irrelevant compared to being able to advance eu integration . 
  well he didnt have to win an election to get the brexit he wanted . 
  she will have a very small majority . 
  if some of those people elected on a more radical plattform decide to rebekl against her to save their own hides , her majority might get uncomfortably small . 
  so its only bad after the fact ? 
  we shouldnt bother to stop questionable and autocratic behaviour and legislation early ? 
  just whine about it later ? 
  he didnt say that macron abuses his power . 
  the question is : how much power does a democratic leader need ? 
  how much power should be given to intelligence agencies and police ? 
  the french president already has too much power for my taste , afaik its one of the most powerfull presidential offices in the world . 
   there has been criticism as usual by human rights organisations , lawyers , and judges , but it does n't register with the public at large . 
  it didnt register with the russian or turkish public either , why should france be different ? 
  dont worry , any joint units would be used with a veto system . 
  its not like we would agree to anything else either . 
  if a deployement goes against any countries interests , they either cancel the whole thing or the country recalls their troops from the mission . 
  this whole project will start out very slowly . 
  realistically , the only short term benefit is experience in coordinating international operations . 
  which isnt that bad i guess . 
  i am pretty sure that at least 90 % of the german and french soldiers that speak each others language also speak english . 
  you dont need every grunt to speak perfect , accent free english . 
  the officers need to be fluent , the rest should be fine with basic language skills that arent that hard to learn/teach . 
   for example , does that mean france -- hypothetically speaking -- would have to give up on its leclerc tank in the future in order to improve interoperability between germany and france and save on duplicated hardware ? 
  would they dare to make that step is more or less my question . 
  shouldnt be a problem . 
  things like this already happen in the framework of airbus . 
  france would be compensated by some means , some tanks could be produced in france for example . 
  considering just how much equipment a full military needs , it should be possible to spread out development and production to 5-10 countries without massive logistical issues . 
  if tanks are mostly made in germany , ships could mostly be made in italy or france for example . 
  we dont have to go full airbus and spread the production of a single product over half of the continent . 
  workers rights are social issues . 
  things like minimum off days a year , parental leave , protection against being randomly fired , health and security standards , regulations for ergonomic and human friendly work places , and many other things that do not directly revolve around ones income are also part of workers rights . 
  your monthly salary isnt worth shit if your company can treat workers like consumables that they can shovel into the fire and discard one they are burned out . 
  what ? 
  workers rights und unions literally do just that . 
  its basically a gang sign , most religions have specific poses for praying though . 
  isis was founded in iraq , by ex members of sadams regime that were essentially expelled from society because of us pressure . 
  the us have forced the iraqi post war goverments into a hard cut with regime personell , rather than trying to integrate those that werent complete monsters into post war society . 
  if the us didnt prevent integration efforts , isis might have never become as large as it is , might have never been a threat in syria and the syrian civil war might have been very different . 
  of course it is speculation , but the us have certainly done a lot of damage in the region and refuse to clean up to take responsibility for any of it . 
   it 's not macron surveillance law , he is trying to remove the current emergency laws without panicking all the right wing . 
  this is not comparable in any way with may 's crazy talks . 
  if he proposes this law and pushes it through with his parliament followers , its his law . 
  blaming the evil right wingers is just hilarious deflection . 
  macron might be the most powerful president of france in decades after the elections . 
  its very telling if he uses this power to push police state crap . 
  as others in this thread have pointed out : ee countries would be torn apart for policies like this . 
  free is kind of a useless absolute that nobody can define . 
  but the tendency certainly isnt looking good . 
   yeah , that part i have a problem with as well . 
  no one has a right to sex . 
  that 's just crazy . 
  but this isnt a right to have sex . 
  if a psychological evaluation says that the lack of sex caused by certain conditions causes distress , anxiety and other issues , dont you think that this should be treated ? 
  in such a case , it would be a symptom of a medical condition after all . 
  so if it turns out that its cheaper to pay for a prostitute once a month than to send them to a medical professional 3 times a month , wouldnt that be a net gain for everybody ? 
  the patient gets a more satisfying treatment , the healthcare system cuts costs , etc. 
  i mean this doesnt sound like a tax paid brothel subscription , its just a somewhat exotic treatment for a medical condition . 
  i mean its kinda hilarious and hard to wrap your ahead around it , but it doesnt seem that terrible of a solution if used properly . 
  in theory , in practice a lot of things can happen if all parties involved just ignore the rules and do whatever they feel like . 
  personally : i believe that the uk is gone , once they have actually left the eu . 
  insecurity and fears of political instability are the actual reason . 
  speculation is the tool that makes sure that these things are priced in instantly , rather than naturally over time . 
  then go ahead and alter them . 
  as it stands the decision is made . 
  until it is changed its binding for all members . 
  the point still stands : if you set a precendent that ignoring eu decisions is possible , it will backfire . 
  and neither your country , nor poland or hungary will like it if other countries start ignoring eu decisions that are inconvenient for them . 
  the problem is : should countries be allowed to simply ignore eu decisions ? 
  you cant just say `` i agree with them so what they do is right '' . 
  because its sets a precendent for future actions . 
  hell i think the quota is a pretty stupid idea , but it is an eu decision .
