  its a scary thing to be honest . 
   people who are desperate desperate about what ? 
  that the camps in turkey were boring ? 
  this guy traveled all across europe to sweden because thats where the money is . 
  desperate my ass . 
   just erdogan things . 
  apparently telling the government 's dirty deals to the world is `` treason '' . 
  its not like snowden or manning got away any better . 
  and even though the scale was very different , its fundamentally the same thing . 
  whistleblowers and journalists that publish secrets are persecuted everywhere . 
  nothing lithuania does will make it able to defend itself against serious russian aggression . 
  forcing people into military service is too harsh for something that wont do anything . 
   it will allow millions of turks to live in other european countries , and that is bad because `` they do n't share our values . '', 
  yeah , thats easy to say if you dont know what you are talking about . 
  there are more than enough ( ethnic ) turks in germany and even those that adapted perfectly to living here are often not really integrated at all . 
  i know quite a few turks that are super sensible when it comes to their ethnicy and despite being born in germany consider themselves turks . 
  i 'd rather not make this any worse by allowing all turks to move to the eu at their discretion . 
   for 99 % of turks , they have no control over these issues . 
  they do , its called voting . 
  if the turks dont care as much about these things , but the eu does , maybe this simply wont work out . 
  i dont get why there is so much bad blood just because of different priorities . 
  though i personally dont want turkey in the eu , ever . 
  well yes that can happen . 
  but putin has been telling everybody how strong russia is . 
  hell one of the things people credit putin with is restoring russia after the disastrous decade before him . 
  simply put : eventually pride and the reality of poverty will collide , and putin will have a hard time to explain things . 
  its not just about money , its about pride . 
  a recession doesnt break a country instantly , but the feeling of loss , of regressing to something you thought you left behind can be very strong . 
  this abstract feeling of loss can be just as powerful as the objective loss of wealth when it comes to changing the `` mood '' of a population . 
   it 's still better than it was in 2009 , and could very turn around in 2016 . 
  but that doesnt matter . 
  this isnt just about money . 
  its well known that the feeling of loss is much , much stronger than the feelings of not having something in the first place . 
  knowing that they will lose income and might have to dial back their expenses is a much stronger feeling than say not getting the raise that you thought you 'd get next year . 
  thats not actually bad though . 
  for once you can earn a little bit of extra money , even right now . 
  and much more importantly : if you allow people to work without cutting welfare , all you do is reduce their salary by the same amount that you pay them . 
  because companies will abuse this to hell and back . 
  basically : every company that can make use of one of the many exception from minimum wage would use this to hire people for absurdly small amounts of money . 
  this could only possibly work if our minimum wage would be 100 % bulletproof , which it isnt . 
  the current minimum welfare is already close to a thousand euro per month . 
  the main difference is that right now , you must react to application offers from the agency and you must attend if you are invited . 
  erdogan went hard on the kurds/pkk before the elections to polarize things and drive the kurdish party out of parliament . 
  its probably not the only reason , but it certainly didnt help . 
  while i agree in general , bosnia adds virtually nothing to the eu in this regard . 
  i can imagine that quite a few `` patriotic '' russians might use this . 
  not sure if the population as a whole is indoctrinated enough to buy it tho . 
  so does every company that you ever paid with a direct transaction . 
  pretty sure the evil oligarchs already have the bank data of most russians through some of their existing companies . 
  i dont really see how this makes things ( much ) worse . 
  his water is amazing . 
  i personally dont care much about paintings , but the water especially in the ninth wave is pretty nice . 
  if you 'd live in china , you 'd probably be more worried about mao than hitler . 
  well its not actually a problem . 
  the russians want putin . 
  yes he probably manipulated elections . 
  but his popularity is still at a level where its unlikely that he is in power solely because of manipulation . 
  now as far as i am concerned its a perfectly valid , if ridiculously stupid , decision to elect a wannabe dictator like putin . 
  i mean turkey is about to make the same mistake , france is about to make their state of emergency permanent , the new polish goverment is trying their best to look like generic orbans , etc. 
  rather than tell the russian what they should want , we should fix our own issues . 
  the sanctions against russia seem to do alright so far , let them run for a while and focus on more important things . 
  nobody says putin is a great person and a just leader . 
  but there are more than enough politicians in europe and most likely the us that are just as corrupt and power hungry . 
  they simply dont have the power he has , yet . 
  in fact , vw already had solutions for some of their cars to fix the exhaust . 
  they could have used these things anytime they want to . 
  but afaik one possible solution would have cost about 100 euro per care over what they did use . 
  so it was ignored for cost reasons . 
  correlation vs causality . 
  google it . 
  it works with everything , everywhere . 
  humans are fucking morons . 
  nobody is immune to social reflexes and manipulation . 
   are you people crazy ? 
  it 's not terribly difficult to make hitler and nazism unappealing to 90 % of the people . 
  the book also has chapters about politics , populism and similar stuff afaik . 
  considering the political climate in europe right now , its not hard to imagine that teenagers wont understand why this is so bad . 
  thats actually not true . 
  for once , canada has one land border , the us only borders canada and mexico . 
  that means both are very unlikely to get much random migration , they can pick as they want . 
  and in fact : the us do have a problem with illegal mexicans . 
  its not an economic problem because they get no welfare , but imagine mexico would be a muslim country . 
  suddenly the us would have 11 million illegal muslims that are treated like shit and have next to no rights . 
  that would be every islamist preachers dream . 
  if only she would help people . 
  she doesnt give any fucks about the refugees . 
  she simply saw that a majority of germany was in favor of them and let them all in . 
  this was a 100 % pr move from her . 
  if she would care about refugees , she wouldnt have let them rot for years in turkey and jordan . 
  it is not a coincidence that merkel only spoke up in favor of migration after there was a significant majority for it . 
   how she is still apparently popular in germany is beyond me . 
  its quite simple . 
  the `` benefits '' of this migration policy are instant . 
  because you know , we are so great for helping out all of those poor , poor refugees fleeing from the bad food in turkey , on the balkan and in austria . 
  and all of those other evil orbans out there are basically nazis . 
  we get to call others nazis !, 
  wohoooooo !, 
  the costs of this crisis will only hit us much later and wont be as obvious . 
  more unemployed ? 
  must be just random unemployement .
