   greece needs a debt write off . 
  a grexit is also a debt write off . 
  in fact : having greece leave the ez in exchange for an actual , 100 % debt write off would probably be easy to sell in germany . 
  it would allow greece to rebuild without all of the evil supercapitalist pigs that are totaly responsible for the greek debt . 
  pretty sad to see in the same picture with the much warmer lights in the backround . 
  isnt it possible to get `` warmer '' light leds ? 
  yes , she will get away with this and is all but guaranteed to be reelected in 2017 . 
  most germans dont give a shit about politics . 
  they also like to make themselves feel good . 
  taking a lot of migrants in makes them feel good . 
  especially because the cost of these migrants will only become obvious over the course of the next 10-30 years . 
  by then merkels reputation as a great humanist is probably cemented . 
  her problem is that her intentions are quite spontaneous . 
  she didnt give a damn about a few million muslims rotting in turkey for 3 years . 
  germany had afaik 100k or more unprocessed asylum application before this crisis hit us . 
  we were completely unprepared for this , because merkel or her goverment didnt do anything to make this easier . 
  which is also why i would assume that she doesnt actually give a shit about people . 
  she only spoke in favour of mass migration once a significant majority in germany was hyped about helping those poor , poor people . 
  it was a pure pr stunt and even though a lot of germans like to forget about that , it worked . 
  her popularity spiked and the whole nobel peace price discussion was a very good indicator for how ridiculous things got . 
   if she is representing the views of the people then i find it hard to criticise her for that . 
  her job is to lead , not to follow . 
  she also always has a significant delay . 
  her `` invitation '' came at a time when people started to get annoyed at the fact that she wasnt saying or doing anything at all . 
  now she again , took a lot of time to act at all . 
  she basically swings between periods of not acting and hasty , improvised crap . 
  thats not how politics work , thats reactionary shit that she also likes to sell as `` alternativlos '' . 
  basically : she is always right and can do no wrong . 
  its certainly surprising if erdogan would be stupid enough to allow a connection like this to exist . 
  erdogan having no problem about working with ultra conservative sunni organisations on the other hand , shouldnt be all that surprising . 
  policy failure or intentional idiocy by employees is hard to fix by installing a new os . 
  and more importantly : imagine that some powerplants would always hop on the new os and would have run on windows vista for several years . 
  terrifying thought . 
  well we failed just about everything we tried in the region . 
  we ended up with a bunch of failed states and a slave kingdom that hates us and pays people to fight us as our only stable `` friend '' . 
  so i 'd say it cant possibly get much worse if we just stop toying with other peoples lives . 
   when has leaving the me to its own devices ever worked though ? 
  when has invervening in me ever changed anything for the better ? 
  yes the region is completely fucked . 
  but so far any intervenition has only made it worse . 
  i say we leave them alone and focus on our actual problems . 
  iraq is still sending refugees 10 years after being pacified . 
  nothing we can do in syria will make the syrians in germany go away . 
   why just draw the line there . 
  one could say the final goal is an across the board gender mixing . 
  no more male and female 100m sprint , just the sprint . 
  thats different . 
  it makes sense to give genders a different start when they actually make a difference . 
  different muscle and bone structures for women and men are very much a thing would would distort the competition . 
  its like having weight classes for boxing , it makes the game better . 
  outside of situations where muscle structures matter , there is next to no reason to use different standards . 
  yeah , this feels like a really terrible decision . 
  i like the decision as it stands , but if this would have been about a country in africa the decision and its perception would have been very different imo . 
  i dont see how this could get worse than what we currently see around somalia . 
  neither of the sides in such a saudi civil war would want to disrupt the trade in the channel . 
  doing so would basically be suicide considering that just about every nation out there is interested in keeping the channel open , including china . 
  whoever messes with the channel would get stomped out like a bug . 
  i mean i am not saying that a saudi civil war would be good for us , but i doubt it would have any dramatic consequences for europe . 
  at the very least it shouldnt be much worse than the issues we have with syria at the moment . 
   all the radicals that saudi has been exporting in the last few decades would return home to fight in the war . 
  al qaeda , is , and `` moderate '' groups would all have a presence . 
  hezbollah and co would also show up and it would turn into a full blown war between numerous terror groups . 
  the country has a very young population so that 's a lot of people who are able to fight . 
  oil revenue would ensure that every group is well armed and the natural resource wealth would inevitably cause greater conflict . 
  you dont realise that sa is fighting a war against the west right now . 
  they use their money to indoctrinate muslims in europe to fight against us . 
  whatever happens to sa cant be worse than this for us . 
  its quite simple : why do the saudis fight with their money right now ? 
  because its the most effective way for them . 
  they know very well that any sort of open warfare against the west would be completely futile . 
  they know that if they can keep recruiting western muslims for their medieval ideology they can destabilize us more than any open war ever could . 
  if the sa goverment falls the nation will break apart , oil sells will collapse and the money will be needed to fight localy rather than aboard . 
  the profit of contested oil field is hell of a lot lower than the profit of a safe oil field operating at peak efficiency . 
  a nation that already fights us day by day doesnt get any more threatening if it collapses into cilvil war . 
  they are several borders away from europe and do not own nuclear weapons as far as we know . 
  their support for radicals will probably collapse in case of a civil war , so whatever happens there cant be worse than what the saudis do right now . 
  how will turkey stop these people from getting on boats ? 
  by asking nicely ? 
  by consfiscating every shit boat on the coast ? 
   and she was willing to act knowing it would cost her popularity and even possibly her position you are completely wrong about this . 
  her popularity went through the roof after she spoke in favor of mass migration . 
  it might be hard to believe , but about 3-4 months ago a lot of germans were ecstatic about taking in migrants . 
  she miscalculated how things would work out , but this was yet another typical case of merkel politics : always follow the largest herd . 
  turkey cant do much . 
  what needs to be done is reducing the attractiveness of coming to germany . 
  its ironic that people say we cant possibly protect our border , and build strawmens of walls and shoting people on beaches . 
  but then merkels pays turkey for the walls and shooting and its suddenly the perfect solution . 
  its not about solutions . 
  its quite simple : merkel jumped on the refugee train because it was popular and she will leave the train once she is sure that its popular . 
  she does not care about those migrants . 
  if she would give a single fuck about them , she would have worked to prepare germany for this 3 years ago . 
  she would have made sure that we can actually take a million or more migrants and treat them properly . 
  but she didnt , because germany didnt give a damn about a bunch of muslims rotting in turkey , so merkel didnt care either . 
  when that changed , merkel jumped on a train she doesnt dare to leave , yet . 
  she is not a moral person , she is an opportunist that miscalculated ( slightly ) . 
  we discuss music and history scientifically . 
  we do not force people to like a certain style of music . 
  in fact , germany teaches religion in school . 
  but its optinal and most importantly : its taught theoretically . 
  just like we teach history or any other topic .
