  bam , european solution . 
  which wont work and every ceo that isnt a pants on head moron knows it . 
  minimum wage wont go down so easily . 
  and these people will take at the very least 5 years to have any relevant qualification . 
  hiring illiterates wont do anything for german companies . 
  this is bullshit and everybody with a brain knows it . 
  these people arent qualified to bend a straw and the spd will never give up minimum wage ( they wouldnt survive the next elections if they did ) . 
  so this whole argument doesnt make any sense , even if you wear a tinfoil hat . 
   especially as a lot of people think she wants to have refugees in germany and europe . 
  but that is what she wants . 
  or at the very least , that is what she works towards . 
  merkel ignored the entire refugee crisis up until the point when the first ones were coming to germany . 
  she had years to do something about it , to support turkey , to make a plan of how to stabilize syria , to do whatever the hell she wanted to do . 
  but she did nothing . 
  if she wanted a solution that results in the refugees moving anywhere but germany she should have done something towards that goal years ago . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  all merkel does right now is damage control for the state elections coming up . 
  more like : if you leave the eu and dont want efta , the eu has no obligation to give you a special deal . 
   do you actually say that your news and fellow citizens in germany will not blame them for being inhuman ? 
  who gives a damn about hypocrites ? 
  let them blame , pretty sure merkel will actually be happy about whatever macedonia does to stop the flow . 
  because her `` humanitarian '' politics only work if others get their hands dirty . 
  she cant say that in public though . 
  she needs to play her role to look good . 
  this has nothing to do with democracies . 
  if a nation decides to take a path that leads away from the ideals and principles of the eu , the eu should have a mechanism of kicking this nation out . 
  if you elect a goverment you accept the consequences of doing so , even if that means getting kicked out of the eu . 
  its not `` wrong '' because the eu doesnt claim to be right . 
  this isnt a matter of morals . 
  if you want to be in the golf club , you got ta play golf . 
  playing football on the golf course will get you kicked . 
  if the voters want to stay in the golf club , better elect a goverment that plays golf . 
  its simple : make sure its not worth coming . 
  simply set up a few eu founded camps in greece and italy and force the refugees to live there . 
  dont allow them to leave the camps and dont give them cash welfare . 
  make sure the camps are safe and everything will be fine . 
  she didnt really destroy much . 
  she merely kept her mouth shut while everybody else was constantly blurping out stupidities . 
  if anything , her pathological fear of acting when its not absolutely necessary got her where she is now . 
  well we cant officially do this , but we will end up defacto ignoring it . 
  the usual hypocrisy . 
  stupid people . 
  probably some neo nazi moron with too much time . 
   seriously though , as much as i support helping our baltic buddies , how exactly does an expanded role in europe get paid for ? 
  the us simply want to play world police . 
  your nation cant live without it and its perfectly fine if small nations abuse it . 
  if you dont like it go ahead and elect an isolationist president . 
  hell sanders and maybe even trump might cut the us military spending . 
  why dont you at least pretend to be more civilized than the people you bash and let the feminists speak for themselves ? 
  it doesnt matter if we grant them asylum or simply fail to deport them properly . 
  either way we create an incentive for those people to come to germany . 
  if you cant get a solution that works for 100 % , get one that works for 95 % . 
  since we didnt get a consensus , we got the next best thing . 
  well the ukraine is evidently not able to take back these regions . 
  so they can sit there and be angry and let their country rot to afford a pointless war . 
  or they can accept what they cant change for now and move on . 
  the ukraine should just accept the reality that crimea is russian for now and ( re ) build their damn country . 
   that depends on what the criteria for failure is , and how badly the alternative solutions - which at this point seem to boil down to operation fuck greece - will fail in comparison . 
  no it doesnt `` depend '' . 
  merkel failed . 
  she announced her open door politics at a whim , without any preparation . 
  she didnt lift a finger do make this work . 
  she didnt just fail in general , she failed to properly do what she wanted to do . 
  now we pay 1500 to house a single migrant for a month . 
   there need to be reductions in political integration , and countries need to be able to choose to join or leave certain aspects of the eu freely . 
  i 'm curious , i personally believe that we will get/need a multispeed eu as well . 
  but even right now , there is the option to leave the eu and join efta . 
  sure you dont really save money doing so , but you would be permanently exempt form further political integration and noone would bother you about it . 
  so why not just do this ? 
  a true eu reform and multi speed structure might take decades to set up . 
   soon the first frontpage picture of a woman/boy who died hanging in barbed wire will plaster the press ... resembling some ww1 trench pricture . 
  but its just hype and drama . 
  just like the picture of the boy that drowned a couple of months ago . 
  it was used for dramatic effect , but fundamentally didnt do anything . 
  its not like people have stopped dying either , pretty sure we still get corpses on a weekly basis , but nobody cares anymore . 
   then they are simply going to live here illegally . 
  and that 's not helping anybody . 
  illegals are simply a matter of effective deportation . 
  we will need an effective deportation process anyway , so its not like having more people to deport changes anything . 
  well we watch the rest of africa starve . 
  and those refugees certainly wont starve unless they want to . 
  turkey does take them . 
  yeah spying on goverments is the actual point of intelligence services . 
  but its not like this cable will prevent any spying . 
  probably just makes the rabble feel better and the goverment look competent . 
  for all of the crap they do , neither the us nor china are medieval slave kingdoms that stone people for trivialities . 
  saudi arabia is a special case even for dictatorships . 
  sanctions are sometimes used to send a message . 
  creating awareness for the medieval barbarism in saudi arabia certainly doesnt hurt . 
  europe will survive without eu28 . 
  a smaller eu , or even 2 blocks , one eastern and one western would be perfectly fine . 
  the most important part of `` the project '' is efta/eea anyway . 
  the political part of the eu is evidently not working so we might as well get rid of it or restructure it . 
  she was also known to be spineless , lazy and incapable of planning ahead until her next breakfast . 
  merkel was ultimately elected because she doesnt do anything . 
  it was easy because surely , you cant do much wrong by not doing anything , right ? 
  turns out that sitting on your ass isnt an especially useful qualification for a politician . 
  who could have known . 
   stop the war in damned middle east . 
  alright then .
