  the doctor pepper that is pictured here is more expensive and typically costs 1,30 $ for a 1 liter bottle , but still . 
  ~ ~ 1,70 $ for a 0,33 can is insane . ~ ~, 
  actually , it can . 
  you might not like it , but destroying isis doesnt mean killing every single `` member '' . 
  it means killing a couple of hundred high ranking people and integrating the rest into society again . 
  the problem is that you and your politicians will never accept that the second part is the important one , and as such you will never be able to fix the problem . 
  a lot of terrorists are terrorist because they literally have nothing better to do and started working for the first person that offered them an opportunity and sold it with a good story . 
  you can only bomb organisations , not ideologies . 
  isis became the new big thing after al qaeda was gone and gobbled up the people that had supported them . 
  once isis is gone , another organization will eventually pick up their supporters . 
  you will never end terrorism with bombs . 
  you just force the nutjobs to rebrand . 
  germany meets all mandatory obligations of the nato . 
  and greece military spending is one of the main reasons for its current crisis . 
  he helped getting rid of evil badguy gadaffi for you , or rather the group he belonged to did . 
  guess you shouldnt have allied yourself with terrorists ? 
  the alt right prefers shooting people for jesus . 
  then again , maybe they go bigger if trump does actually get impeached somehow . 
  social media and search engines are natural monopolies . 
  somebody could create the objectively best social network in berlin tomorrow and it would either never reach critical mass or be bought by facebook instantly for 10x its value just to shutdown the competition . 
  at this point it would take goverment intervenition to break facebooks and googles monopolies . 
  case in point : even google failed to break facebooks monopoly . 
  most people just dont care about features and details of the network they use , they just stay where their friends are . 
  momentum is pretty big in this business and facebook was simply the first one to get big . 
  honestly , religions dont deserve any special protection anyway . 
  being religious is a choice in europe . 
  yes your parents can raise you to be religious , but they can also raise you to be a football fan . 
  at the end of the day there is no objective reason why religions should receive any special protection . 
  you 're a brit posting in an eu sub , and its his fault that you use an us definition of a term ? 
  what ? 
  what has their opinion on trump to do with their political alignment ? 
  trump isnt exactly a picture perfect conservative . 
  it doesnt take a goverment full of nazis . 
  at the end of the day one alt right sympathizer 's misguided attempt to gain favor with * somebody * might be enough for a leak . 
  though i agree that the ideology of a guy leaking isnt terribly relevant either way . 
  but thats what you want it to be , isnt it ? 
  you cant have a massive international finance hub without a massive , international finance community . 
  and your very own `` conservative '' goverment wants more of that , as long as the evil eu people stay out . 
  didnt bush try to conn the nato into supporting it though ? 
  i do remember the coalition of the willing crap , but i somehow though this happened only after france and germany told him to fuck off . 
  i wouldnt underestimate the effect of the afghanistan and iraq wars . 
  those were nato operations that were ultimately caused by the us whipping the nato into shape to play cannonfodder for them . 
  especially because it turned out we were right to stay out of iraq . 
  if the above question would have been swapped for `` should germany protect eastern eu members against a russian invasion '' , the result would probably be much better . 
  the eu has a significantly better reputation than the nato , rightfully so to be honest . 
  sure it will start like this , but why should it stay like this ? 
  broadcaster will prefer good local content over bad one and will pay more for that . 
  whats going to happen is that with a guaranteed market , there will be more incentive to produce local content . 
  companies love reliable revenue after all . 
  more local content being produced means more material to pick from for netflix and friends . 
  that means competition between various companies making local content . 
  that means that * eventually * , the quality will improve . 
  this policy only protects local content from competing with international content . 
  its not really going to prevent competition between local producers . 
  this is basic demand based economic policy . 
  which typically tends to work out decently well . 
   my brother had a friend in his class that is a gypsy . 
  he went to school untill third grade when his parents pulled him out of school since `` that was enough education '' to then teach the kid how to steal and fake fix cars etc. 
  the question is : why were they allowed to do this ? 
  because this can be prevented if there is the political will to do so . 
  that means nothing . 
  all it takes are proper laws and police to enforce them . 
  germany for example fines parents for not sending their children to school and i think its theoretically possible for parents to lose their children / legal guardianship in extreme cases of this . 
  quotas dont decide what content gets published . 
  quotas enforce a certain quantity , not quality . 
  oh please , capitalism is not a perfect tool and doesnt actually sort out stuff by itself if left unregulated . 
  there are a million regulations already and they make sense for the most part . 
  unrestricted capitalism is quite a bad idea . 
  the point is : once the quota is in place and the companies are forced to offer `` local '' content , they will eventually make good local content . 
  since they cant just nope out of this kind of content , there is no reason for them to only produce terrible content . 
  sure they want to do it cheap , but cheap doesnt have to mean terrible . 
  that assumes that we have a perfect market with perfect competition , full transparency and `` enlightened '' customers that dont just consume the product with the biggest marketing budget . 
  spoiler : we dont . 
  this kind of protectionism is fairly normal and its actually not bad at all . 
  your country most likely supports local art in some way , funding museums and whatnot . 
  at the end of the day , this quota is just art funding . 
  and its actually a good way of doing it . 
  unlike quotas for regular tv , nobody actually has to watch that because its all on demand . 
  its just a library quota . 
  did you confuse your own screenshots ? 
  its the german news site that has the article about melania and the nyt has nothing of the sort . 
  frankfurt is kind of a bad place for the eba . 
  the ecb was explicitly set up in frankfurt because there was no other eu agency in the city . 
  it was meant to be far away from eu agencies to emphasise its independance from politics . 
  so i doubt the city will get an eu agency , and certainly not a financial one . 
  so do you oppose all art/culture funding because it creates bad products ? 
  thats what this is : funding for mostly local art . 
  the main role of politicians isnt just making decisions , its making decisions * and explaining them to their electorate * . 
  a politician that cant explain why a certain policy or project is good is a failure and shouldnt sign up for reelection . 
  our society is way to complex for every joe and jane to know all the details . 
  if the politicians cant explain at least the basic concept and pros/cons of a law , they realistically shouldnt vote on this law to begin with . 
  you guys literally have the death sentence . 
  one of your degenerated states has , just ~ 4 weeks ago , executed 7 or so people in a week because the drug needed for it was about to expire and you couldnt find another supplier . 
  merkel is recovering . 
  the opposition cant really attack her on the refugee issue , because all of them basically want more refugees or supported her policies . 
  the fdp isnt liberal though . 
  they cherry pick a lot . 
  they yes man 'd mass surveilance laws after campaigning against them , then went full retard and set up tax exemptions for their main campaign donators that increase bureacracy . 
  thats some solid liberal policy right there . 
  yeah with rrg we might go completely crazy and finally do the unthinkable : invest money domestically to drive up demand as eu and imf have asked us to do for a few years now .
