  well , yes . 
  when merkel spoke up in favor of taking refugees , her popularity went through the roof . 
  people said she would get the nobel peace price for this and everybody put her on a pedestral and denounced the evil balkan and ee countries as nazis . 
  thats why merkel did it : to boost her popularity . 
  thats also why she has been changing her opinion and reversed some of her decisions : because public opinion turned around . 
  merkel didnt give a shit about greece , merkel didnt give a shit about the refugees . 
  she cares about her own popularity and she acts accordingly . 
  i honestly dont think merkel will be able to think beyond germany . 
  she is too fixated on her own popularity and maintaining her position . 
  this isnt even that much of a problem in general , virtually all eu goverments only act for their own countries . 
  but merkel made it a problem by positioning herself against basically everybody else . 
  again , despite the fact that all other members also had to meet the standards , their interest already do not align at all . 
  so what you are saying is evidently wrong . 
  because eu28 is already barely working because of too many conflicting interests . 
  this only gets worse the more nations we offer a chance to join , especially if those nations have completely differente interests than the existing members . 
  at some point a construct like the eu becomes too big to work effectively . 
  at some point enlarging it further is against the interest of the population . 
   no one is promising turkey anything . 
  they have to live up to the same standards being set for everyone else . 
  if they can not reach those , then they wo n't be able to enter . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  we promise turkey a chance to get into the eu . 
  everybody , including the goverments on both sides , knows that this is a lie and turkey will never be allowed to join . 
  thats not very `` exactly '' isnt it ? 
  this doesnt change the fact that people will feel betrayed if you promise them a carrot for showing tricks , but you dont actually ever give them the damn carrot . 
  this is pure poison for long term foreign policy . 
  hell i have seen this used as an argument by turkish users in this sub as to why they dont care about the eu anymore . 
  they know they are being lied to and they dont like it . 
   because a less corrupt , less totalitarian and more democratic turkey equals a more reliable trading partner , political partner , military partner and is something most nations ( and eu ) want along their border regions . 
  this argument is terrible . 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  if turkey joins , should we promise syria eu accension to stabilize the eu border ? 
  the eu needs an idea of where it stops . 
   but is n't eu the one who is trying to bribe turkey ?? 
  the eu isnt doing anything , a few politicians around merkel negotiate this afaik . 
  or just dont support these shit flingers and keep your adblock active . 
  it doesnt even sound that bad . 
  its perfectly fine if a company decides not to offer their product for free and hope that people watch ads . 
  this block wont work anyway . 
  they should figure out a better business model if the current one doesnt work . 
   it 's not that they do n't care it 's that their priorities are to deliver value to shareholders ; not to ensure their suppliers treat their workers properly . 
  which is why i argued that customers can do a lot . 
  customers can buy from companies that do demand social standards . 
  its obvious that companies dont do anything for social reasons , but if there is demand for product produced with high social standards , companies will offer products like this . 
   the country needs a more active labour movement and responsible politicians . 
  it also needs mass-empowerment of women . 
  reforms dont happen randomly . 
  the workers have no power . 
  if they demand better conditions they will be fired , why do you think do they work in conditions like that to begin with ? 
  its very hard to do anything without economic pressure . 
  but western customers can do a lot to help those countries . 
  large companies can simply demand certain social standards and the factories that produce for them will be forced to comply . 
  this is one of the few situations were nasty fuck you capitalism can really do some good . 
  germany doesnt have a permanent depot for nuclear waste . 
  some of our temporary depots turned out to be failures and the waste had to be moved out again which costs absurd amounts of money . 
  a lot of people also dont want a repository anywhere near their home and some politicians sabotage national efforts to find a suitable site for a permanent repository because they are afraid to be punished by their voters . 
  on top of those mostly pragmatic arguments , there is also some degree of post fukushima panic . 
   i do n't know , but they certainly need that money , desperately . 
  pretty sure the roma could get help to get out of their clans if they wanted to . 
  if they stay in their clans and `` beg '' , its their own fault . 
  then again that doesnt justify humiliating beggars , even if they are fake beggars that beg to pay for some clan chiefs aston martin . 
  aiding illegal border crossing is often a crime on its own and doesnt warrant a treason charge though . 
  syria isnt yugoslavia . 
  syria is more on the scale of the problems in iraq and afghanistan . 
  in case you didnt notice : we are still granting iraqis asylum today , a decade after we liberated them . 
  the west is evidently unable to stabilize countries like this . 
  even obama understands that there is nothing to gain by sending ground forces into syria . 
  the only solution to this problem is reducing incentives for the refugees to come , or simply get permanent hard limits for refugees . 
  merkel is a populist , she never cared about the refugees . 
  with public opinion changing and the afd starting to become a threat , merkel will just adapt her own opinion until she is popular again . 
  she has already started to be a little harder and more demanding in interviews before the recent state elections . 
  it seems like she feels she needs to do more now that the afd did so well . 
  it also means she doesnt get much done because results usually require you to work on something for an extended period of time . 
  depends on the exact definition . 
  i could imagine that fyrom citizens would get a lot of trouble for doing something like this though . 
  muslims arent indigenous . 
  they live in cities just like we do in europe . 
  forcing them into learning the language and not treat their wives and daughters like property doesnt destroy their culture . 
  and yes the state obviously has to provide language training for those people that actually migrated to sweden . 
  but children born in sweden should not require language training . 
  if the parents sabotage their childrens socialisation , they should lose custody of the children . 
  no , she tells them what they want to hear without actually working on anything . 
  merkel constantly makes random turns to her entire policy based on poll results . 
  she has no foresight whatsoever and she refuses to work to make any of her random ideas work out properly . 
  just a few examples : merkel wanted the exit from the nuclear exit . 
  fukushima happened , and she suddenly wanted to get rid of nuclear power . 
  fukushima changed nothing for germany . 
  the arguments against nuclear power in germany are very different , but the public panicked and so did merkel . 
  greece is the same , merkel went hard on greece and let sch\u00e4uble put greece into place repeatedly . 
  but then she just randomly gave in and agree to a plan that helps neither the ez , nor greece . 
  greece needs either a grexit to rebuild on their own terms , or a debt cut . 
  either of these options would have been difficult and might damage merkels reputation . 
  so she agreed to giving greece yet another loan they cant pay back anyway . 
  the refugee crisis is just the last example of merkels confusion and idiocy . 
  all she cares about is poll results and staying in power . 
  she has slept through countless problems without fixing any of them just because it would have been politically inconvenient . 
  dont worry , merkel has already changed policy and people are already whining about it . 
  merkel has no spine whatsoever , she will do what the polls demand and right now they demand less refugees . 
  how about forced integration , harsh penalties for parents of children that are born in sweden , yet dont speak swedish and things like that ? 
  culture can be enforced by law to a certain degree .
