  even her domestic majority is shaky at best . 
  she knows it though , its just an act by her to save face . 
  she might even be happy about this because it allows her to keep her position and play the determined humanitarian while also getting a solution to the refugee crisis for free . 
   this is only because retarded regulation so every single country in the world magically has the same retarded regulation ? 
  not a single country recognizes the genius of these new reactors , not even the countries actively building new reactors use this amazing technology ? 
  because you know , insurance companies tend to be good at evaluating risks , certainly much better than you and i. 
  do you have link to those new `` safe '' reactors ? 
  yeah you probably still buy clothes produced in bangladeshi slave factories that burn down with half of the employees inside once in a while . 
  or smartphones that contain metal from mines with a substantial worker throughput . 
  i dont doubt that burning coal is bad . 
  but the new german coal plants are much better than the european average that is used by the site you linked . 
  and thats assuming a site with this kind of name provides neutral data to begin with . 
  but the point stands : nuclear power isnt economically viable without subsidies . 
   turning off a perfectly functional plant because of crazies is economically unsustainable . 
  dont have any real arguments huh ? 
  nuclear power is not competitive without massive indirect state subsidies and rule exemptions . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economics_of_nuclear_power_plants#insurance ** `` and the premium cost of full insurance would make nuclear energy uneconomic '' **  yes . 
  a thousand cubic meters of waste for thousands of years . 
  surely an impossible task . 
  we can not build a 10 by 10 by 10 m safe storing unit . 
  germany is in fact incapable of storing nuclear waste permanently . 
  its sad and a little bit hilarious , but thats the situation and there is no solution in sight . 
  wasnt the brexit referendum basically an idea of cameron to improve his own political image ? 
  i seem to remember he played with the idea for a while and ultimately went for it for personal gain , but now he got screwed because nobody wants to play his game and a brexit isnt as implaussible . 
  mind you everybody knows the uk wont leave , but its a lot closer than cameron thought . 
   the difference between sexuality and schizophrenia is that one thing is a disease ( that can be cured treated but thats a weird definition . 
  so are you saying that if we eventually develop medicine that can in fact tread gender dysphoria or w/e its called , we should use it over sex changes/gender reassignments ? 
  anyway , there is a reason why we make a difference bewteen gender and sex . 
  you can change somebodies gender , but you can never truly change a persons sex . 
  well not until we get some ridiculously advanced gen therapy or something like that . 
  but right now , not trans person will ever get the `` full '' experience of the other gender . 
  though it obviously still helps them to get as close as possible . 
  we had left wing terrorism in germany as well . 
  like actual bomb building , smg emptying , taking corporate officials hostage terrorism . 
  every ideology can be abused and twisted into terrorism . 
  its not a good idea to ban ideologies because of this . 
  eating animals isnt evil . 
  but the animals we eat dont have to suffer . 
  you can eat animals that had an okay life . 
  dont get me wrong : i dont research the farm that produced every piece of meat i eat . 
  but if i get the option to buy meat from nicer places i do so . 
  they probably speak english so they dont kill eachother over answering this question . 
   more likely just russian culture . 
  its really part of the soviet legacy . 
  just like child care in germany is terrible in the west , though it has improved in the last 5-10 years . 
  meanwhile child care is awesome in the former gdr because they simply continued it after the reunification . 
  refugees trying to reach germany have for the most part not a single clue of how things will work out or how life in germany is . 
  i dont know why , but they are for the most part to stupid to use google and get a realistic idea . 
  i have no reason to believe they will know about this legal change . 
  chances are they will keep believing the promises of the friendly logistic personel they pay for the trip . 
  that doesnt matter at all . 
  what matters is that a significant majority of ez members backed the current plan for greece . 
  germany simply took the hate because we are an easy target . 
  it depends on the situation . 
  usually integration works because people are forced to integrate . 
  without doing so they wont get a job , wont find much friends and whatnot . 
  if they dont want to integrate , then they can probably find more than enough friends that speak their language , can live of welfare or work for people that also speak their language , etc. 
  basically : integration does work unless you have an existing parallel society that neutralizes the typical disadvantages of not integrating . 
   if you 're going to claim that all of these countries succeed because they are exceptional in some respect , all i have to do to counter you is citing how the countries in the eu are exceptional in their own right . 
  the countries i mentioned have economic advantages tied to their specific geographic localtion . 
  the advantages you mention are political and economical advantages people worked for to achieve . 
  a good location for a trading port or oil fields are very different from that . 
   greece is in the eu so they ca n't play the part that papua new guinea well there were people arguing that a grexit would lead to greece being forced out of the eu for some legal reasons . 
  if the deal with turkey fails ( and lets be real , it will fail because the quota to distribute the refugees wotn happen ) , we might get a very ugly solution with greece outside of eu and ez . 
  yeah the only was to solve this problem is getting an agreement that wont reduce the actual numbers at all , but give turkey a good reason to open the gates and let everybody try their luck at reaching greece . 
   the turkish are opportunist , they have a good hand . 
  germany is being pragmatic , they know to solve this problem they need turkish help . 
  this wont solve anything though . 
  just think about it : the total number of refugees will stay the same . 
  even worse , if we do this turkey has 0 incentive to stop any refugees from crossing illegaly . 
  after all , for every person that gets smuggled into greece , turkey gets rid of 1 syrian . 
  so they will want to have as much people as possible take the trip to greece to reduce the numbers they have to take care of . 
   hungary the scapegoat for vetoing this proposal ? 
  hungary was always one of the most vocal opponents of merkels policies . 
  by far not the only opponent , but orban really had his fun with making merkel look bad . 
  singapore is rich because its a tiny nation ( low expenditures ) in an incredibly good position for trading ( massive income ) . 
  norway is rich because of oil that will run out sooner or later . 
  switzerland isnt nearly as independant as you think , they are ultimately terminally dependant on the eu and participate in the eea . 
  if the eu wouldnt be so friendly , switzerland would most likely be poor or forced to join the eu . 
   so there are both successful and unsuccessful countries that do n't try to compete with the us or china . 
  at the end of the day , those countries still depend on china or the us . 
  thats the problem : do you really want your prosperity and the wealth of your society depend on the whims of the us electorate ? 
  i dont . 
  but right now europe does depend on the us because we cant get things done on our own because of too much pointless bickering and populists pandering to their local audience . 
   i 'm all in favour of a federal europe , but we ca n't force it out of fear or geopolitical ambition . 
  we dont have to . 
  i would prefer a `` superstate '' to start out with only germany , france and the benelux . 
  everybody else can join if they accept the rules 100 % and without any exceptions or special conditions . 
  if they dont want to , thats fine by me . 
  a summary like that just makes the inevitable screwing of greece and the general sucking up to the little sultan feel even worse . 
  oh well , as the quote says , the people that got us into this mess are still in charge and have no plans to fix it anytime soon . 
  you might not like it , but what are the options ? 
  that the balkan , turkey and the eu in general suddenly become selfless and help greece out of the pureness of their hearts ? 
  because right now , an increasing amount of goverments/nations would benefit from just cutting greece off completely . 
  helping greece would require a lot of work , a lot of good will , a lot of solidarity and a lot of money . 
  the internal pressure to make the refugee crisis go away means goverments look for an easy way out that doesnt require any of those . 
  that easy way out is turning greece into a giant refugee camp . 
  the eu and ez are far beyond any concern for long term problems . 
  all they care about is solving the short term problem . 
  which is ironic , because this crisis was mostly caused by a lack of foresight .
