   and i can not think of any reason why these basic rights and values could n't be entrenched in a meritocracy , on the contrary , there would be less incentive to limit these rights as opposed to a ` democracy ' because people 's careers do n't depend on them . 
  a meritocracy simply cant work . 
  the ultimate problem of human society is that there is no objective way to figure out who is best at running it . 
  a meritocracy would quickly turn into a monarchy , because those that are allowed to invite others into positions of power could demand loyalty . 
  simply put : an incompetent politician that gets elected has to deceive millions of people . 
  in a meritocracy , an incompetent person that wants power only has to deceive a small number of people . 
  from a statistical point of view , this means extreme results ( incompetent/powerhungry people getting power ) are more likely in a meritocracy . 
  possibly because they are historic buildings that are harder to renovate . 
  so the `` damage '' is more severe . 
  then again it usually ends up being rather hilarious if an offender thinks they can mess with the judge . 
  hell we should try to have all cases of migrants done by female judges . 
  either they adapt to it and learn . 
  or they end up offending the judge and getting a broadside for it . 
  the sheets with german translations were more or less heavy handed pick up lines . 
  the mass theft was most likely organised , the sexual assaults were probably not . 
   using your logic     vaclav havel should n't have written books that trashed the communism ; solidarnosc members should have shut up and gotten back to work in the shipyards . 
  boris pasternak should just have burned the manuscript of doctor zhivago so his medical career would n't be threatened . 
  oh please . 
  this professor will have no influence whatsoever . 
  thats the problem with his `` protest '' . 
  its ineffective . 
  its certainly worth taking risks to protest stupid policies or oppression . 
  but this guy took a * pointless * risk . 
  because there is no possible way that he will get anything done . 
  he should have done something more effective if he wants to protest , something that has any chance at all to have an impact . 
  hell he could probably write an article for a local newspaper or something like that and move more people . 
  the only way this ridiculously ineffective protest will ever be relevant is if the university goes full stalin on him and crushes his carreer . 
  chances are it wont be quite so dramatic and his efforts are pointless . 
  well the university can probably send him a strongly worded letter or even fire him . 
  chances are though , that he wouldnt be fired for his opinion . 
  he 'd be fired because he made his employer look bad at a public event . 
  but i dont know the exact details of what a university can do in this case . 
  i mean the guy is an idiot anyway . 
  his opinion doesnt really matter , he should have known that this is both pointless and bad for his carreer . 
  merkels polls are still at like 30-40 % . 
  its pretty hilarious to be honest . 
   to be honest i 'd dare to put netherlands or benelux as a whole ahead of spain and poland , due to their economy size compared to their population . 
  but thats the point , population is important . 
  which is why italy does in fact have weight , they are simply unable to use it . 
  germany and france dont have a magical contract . 
  as i said elsewhere , italy could try to set things up with other large nations like spain or poland . 
  the eu tends to prefer unilateral solutions , the representants of over a hundred million eu citizens have considerable power in negotiations . 
  but rather than talk to some of the stronger partners outside of germany and france , renzi whines about not being france . 
  so maybe this is just a problem of france being smart and italy not being smart ? 
  or france being dumb and sucking up to germany while italy tries its own thing and fails ? 
  its certainly weird . 
   italy is a g8 country like britain france and germany . 
  take a look at what the nato quint is and you will realize that the us has italy in high consideration ( it 's a contact group that includes the `` big four '' and the usa ) . 
  italiy 's nato and g8 status means very little for eu decisions . 
  what the eu needs for political decisions is representing 65 % of the population . 
  spain and even poland have decently large populations and appropriate influence on eu decisions . 
  italy could talk to them and get shit done , even against the will of germany and france . 
  what the us think of italy is of no consequence for europe . 
  still , those 3 are the 2nd row after france/uk/germany . 
  those 3 have large populations and decent to good economies . 
  so it would be up to them to change things . 
  yup , the uk might be on the way out , and the 2nd row after france/germany would be poland/italy/spain . 
  poland never was particulary wealthy to begin with , spain and italy got crushed by the crisis . 
  with how the eu works , population is very important . 
  so those countries that are both large and wealthy tend to have the most influence . 
  and thats fine imo , democracy is a numbers game . 
  having easy access to guns isnt bad because it causes crime and violence . 
  its bad because it makes the result of violence much more severe . 
  as much as it sucks to be robbed and maybe get a fist to your face , its a lot worse to be robbed and shot dead . 
  oh please , shut up . 
  german law explicitly allows to use basically anything in self defense . 
  now there are limits , the means of self defense have to be appropriate . 
  but if a women is attacked by somebody pepperspray is perfectly fine for defense . 
  shooting somebody for touching your ass should be out of the question though , and thats good . 
   a lot of people might suggest that america is more violent because of guns . 
  but this chart below shows that gun violence is perpetuated largely along racial lines and is related more to economic inequality rather than anything else you dont get more violence because of guns . 
  but you get worse violence because of guns . 
  if 2 people want to fuck eachother up they will do it with guns or without . 
  but if they do have easy access to guns this wont end with a few bruises . 
  the quality of violence is the problem in the us , not necessarily the quantity . 
  ( though that could be an issue too ), 
   there are 120 countries in that list with a higher homicide rate than the us , even though the us has more guns than any other country . 
  i could have picked any country to disprove the `` theory '' that more guns cause more crimes . 
  but i chose the baltic states because : bullshit . 
  most of these 120 countries are much worse of economically and/or have substantial political problems . 
  the us are a very wealthy , stable , western democracy . 
  the only meaningful comparision would be with other , stable western democracies that are about as wealthy . 
  you picked a comparably poor nation to make your argument look better . 
   few people are saying brown people are actually evil . 
  most are saying that because the brown people follow a religion that is not compatible with western standards there will be problems . 
  is that so ? 
  then why did everybody suddenly think worse of the current migrants which mostly come from syria , afghanistan , iraq and eritrea , despite the fact that the suspects of nye were supposedly from morroco and algeria ? 
  i really dont think the rape panic crew took a very sophisticated approach to this . 
  ultimately : there are a lot of good reasons to oppose this migration policy . 
  the nye events are at most a minor one . 
  and its not like islam has changed one bit because of nye . 
  people were just deluding themselves . 
  so yes a lot of people got what they deserve . 
  they supported idiot policies and politicians blindly , now they can run around and panic because evil brown people with evil religions are out to rape everybody . 
  most people really only have themselves to blame for this . 
   well , germans sense very well that they are being fucked over by the political ruling class and this wo n't change any day soon , due to the inherited guilt they keep telling themselves they still have . 
  nobody was fucked by a detached elite . 
  the germans wanted this migration policy . 
  merkel got a huge popularity boost from it that lasted months . 
  right before nye , even after all of those migrants reached germany , 50 % of the people still agreed with merkels policies .
