  religions and their beliefs can be examined and discussed , but they shouldnt be preached in schools . 
  its not an obligation either way . 
  i wouldnt mind if the us would pack their shit and leave europe entirely . 
  in fact this would be very good for europes long term development . 
  very few european nations even have a relevant navy . 
  afaik even the german navy is alrightish because we have a hand full of good subs and everybody else outside of france and the uk doesnt have much . 
  i sort of doubt that spain or italy would move their light carriers to asia to support the us in playing games . 
   you either face the fact that a million or five refugees is nothing in a european union with 500 million citizen that is simply wrong , 100 % wrong . 
  you cant treat these people like random well educated migrants with western backrounds . 
  these people need a lot of education ; language , culture , values . 
  we are already stuggling to house them . 
  we have to sabotage our own integration efforts and house them in overcrowded emergency shelters because we are already at our limit . 
  we will not be able to integrate the ~ 900k migrants we got this year , its that simple . 
  we already have 3rd generation migrants that arent integrated properly . 
  i see no indications that things will magically get better with another million people that need to be integrated . 
  you also missed the part where i explicitly said that we should find a political solution and communicate it properly rather than try to close border , builds walls and shoot people . 
  guess it didnt fit into your narrative huh ? 
  oh trust me , its very much possible to force parents to sent their children to a regular school or kindergarten . 
  germany is very strict about these things and it works well most of the time . 
  there is no point to fight the horde . 
  you have to make sure its not worth coming . 
  for example by only giving out temporary asylum that does not allow naturalization no matter what . 
  there are a lot of ways to make europe and germany a less attractive target for migrants . 
  most are probably better than my idea . 
  but merkel doesnt even want to try , she doesnt even want to issue a statement to make up for her invite . 
  she flat out refuses to do the least she could to reduce this migration . 
  but somehow she is willing to court a wannabe putin like erdogan . 
  hell offering turkey easier visa during an election campaign is insane . 
  this shit would have happened if we had a chancelor with a spine . 
  they dont need to adapt . 
  we already have getto like neighbourhoods in large cities . 
  this migration only means we 'll get more gettos in medium sized cities and other places where a lot of migrants live . 
  its only this way because merkel is a moron beyond belief and doesnt allow another solution . 
  hell she still hasnt admited that her migration policy was wrong , even though she now courts an autocrat to fix it without having to admit her mistake . 
  this doesnt mean much in this case . 
  the only rules that you shouldnt break is economy related stuff . 
  ignoring human rights doesnt matter at all . 
  but go ahead and seize the assets of a largish international company and you are fucked forever . 
  it doesnt have to die . 
  or rather : spirituality and beliefs dont have to die . 
  nobody on this planet cares what you believe in as long as you keep it to yourself . 
  things only get messy once you use religion to discriminate against others or actively try to convince others to join you . 
  its quite possible that large scale organised religions will actually become irrelevant sooner or later . 
  people wont suddenly stop believing in random crap , but the random crap will be irrelevant for their daily life . 
  would be pretty funny to test that . 
  if they arent willing to fake being gay they dont need asylum hard enough . 
  probably once putin and the oil is gone and russians will sell their soul for economic support . 
   demoralization does not work . 
  the russian state media spins the sanctions as punitive and provocations . 
  the majority of russian will buy into the narrative that the west wants to bring them down and the west is to blame for their problems . 
  this is ironic as the counter sanctions against food imports is the reason they are suffering more with higher food prices . 
  they wo n't go and blame vova putin any time soon . 
  in theory , yes that could happen . 
  in practise : putin will not get away with blaming the west forever . 
  because he also makes fun of the west . 
  eventually more and more people will ask themselves : if the west is weak , how can it hurt us ? 
  if the west isnt weak , why are we ? 
  sure it will take a while , but propaganda doesnt fill your stomach . 
  sooner or later hunger will be stronger than the news . 
  most importantly : war simply isnt an option , for nobody . 
   why should the us care if russia is taking over and annexing parts of a european country ? 
  why does the us have to entangle itself in alliances that force us to defend weak countries like the baltics from russia . 
  because the us has a serious hardon for geopolitics and influence . 
  you want to have your fingers in every pot you can find . 
  the least you can do is pay for that . 
  nobody gets away with anything . 
  sanction are the most effective way of fighting putin . 
  because thats the target here ; putin . 
  by ruining russia financially and showing them that life under putin sucks we can get rid of him or at least weaken him . 
  open war would simply not work . 
  russia has a fairly large military and things would get bloody . 
  this would play into putins hands . 
  there is also the chance that he will use nukes once his own ass is on the line . 
  he certainly wont give a shit about the russian people . 
   throw my cousin out of my house and his wife and kid . 
  because in the west people do n't care about extended family and i need to fit into your idea of what is and is n't acceptable behaviour . 
  no law tells you to do that . 
  you are free to live as you want , as long as you follow the laws that everybody else is meant to follow . 
  if you want to live according to some bullshit religious law , just move to a place that gives a damn about that . 
  oh wait you wont , because those places all suck balls . 
   and that 's exactly what feminism is . 
  what it should be . 
  there is a lot of bullshit that people call feminism , but that ends up being sexism from the other side . 
  hell even in germany we still give mothers priority for the custody of children after a divorce . 
   with that you show what kind of idiot you are . 
  which is weird , because killing a lot of muslims is the only thing we are guaranteed to achieve down there . 
  sure we 'll get quite a few terrorists too , but then what ? 
  isis cant be destroyed with air strikes , its pretty well known that war in general cant be won without ground troops . 
  i mean you are right that there isnt much to break in syria , but this war still drains our ressources and actually helps isis . 
  one of the key arguments for isis recruitment is to fight the west . 
  to give confused and desilusioned muslims a chance to be somebody , to fight for a glorious cause . 
  nothing does that better than a ground war against nato forces . 
  and we will give them this opportunity . 
  well either that or let syria rot in which case all of the bombs were a waste of money . 
  so ultimately : what excactly do we get from this deployement ? 
  the satisfaction of having shot back ? 
  having avenged the deaths of paris ? 
  because thats all there is to it . 
  there is absolutely no indicator at all that the nato has a long term plan . 
  and even if , we already know that the nato sucks at rebuilding nations .
