  just like the drunken rampages of saudi princes in europe dont get them into jail msot of the time . 
  if the supposedly much more modern iran isnt willing to endure a few women without veils , well then i dont see why we should deal with them . 
  and even more importantly : if we show that that we will bow down and betray our own values to appease them , it only shows how weak and gullible we are . 
  doesnt matter . 
  these politicians are down there to improve the relations with iran . 
  iran needs these relationsship more than sweden does . 
  they could simply tell them they wont wear the veils . 
  what is iran going to do ? 
  iran cant afford to drive europe away now that the us become more hostile again . 
  migrants need to adapt to our society because they want to stay here . 
  these politicians dont plan to stay in iran , they just visit . 
  just like you learn the language of another country if you plan to live there , but you might not learn it for a 2 weeks vacation . 
  at the end of the day he is just a criminal . 
  criminals have the same rights everybody else does . 
  he got a sentence , thats what he 'll have to deal with . 
  nothing more . 
  the legal system isnt made to make you feel better . 
  maybe you should get yourself a gun and take care of him yourself . 
  that would solve 2 problems at once . 
  there is currently no way to savely store nuclear material underground ( in germany ) so this option simply does not exist . 
  on top of that , nuclear energy is dependant on massive , indirect subsidies . 
  there would be 0 commercial powerplants in the world without it . 
  nobody wants a permanent deposit for nuclear waste near their home . 
  as such its perfectly reasonable to get rid of nuclear power . 
  its the only option , really . 
  modern coal plants arent really comparable to older plants like in poland . 
  its also hell of a lot easier and faster to build a coal plant compared to a nuclear plant . 
  companies are responsible for adapting their business models to existing laws and regulation , not the other way around . 
  doesnt change the fact that its unnecessary . 
  the majority of the list above is redundant , the list could probably be condensed to 3-5 modern terms . 
  hell dragking , dragqueen , butch , femme and androgyne are terms that have nothing to do with gender at all . 
  there is also no reason to have an extra term for transgender with a native american backround . 
  we 're not calling managers with a native american backround chief either . 
  public interest is an euphenism for goverment interest . 
  if half of germany dies , gold in the us can be exchanged for usd that can be used to buy supplies for the surviving half . 
  its not going to be a happy day anyway , but its nice to have . 
  also : the gold was in the us to begin with . 
  its the result of a trade imbalance in the sixties afaik . 
  if germany gets nuked , gold in the us can be directly exchanged for usd . 
  this is important as the currency of a nuked out country would be worth nothing as the state that backed it just evaporated . 
  investors want reliable investment . 
  this policy essentially helps to get more investments into renewable energy , driving the prices down faster than the market normally would . 
  ( eventually ) its obviously not healthy to do this forever , but right now the end justifies the means , i guess . 
  i mean the above post is kinda mean , but i 'd be curious if you have any arguments against what he said . 
  its a little crude alright , but it seems fairly realistic . 
  welcome to merkels world . 
  where lifting a finger is only an option 30 seconds before everything goes to hell . 
  please go into details how syriza are colonialist puppets that have not been elected by the greek population . 
  because i must have missed that particular news . 
   hell our current government got voted to do the opposite of what its doing and even ignored a referendum to do so exactly !, 
  and tell me , what have the greek done to hold their goverment accountable for this betrayal ? 
  not a damn thing . 
  syriza is merely the last of a number of corrupt goverments that were allowed to do as they please . 
  have you seen what happened in romania when their goverment tried to screw them ? 
  they got their asses up and did something about it . 
  your goverment and your institutions have been greek for decades now . 
  the only thing that wasnt greek was the money you spend on fantasies . 
  and yet , the greek demand that we bail them out before anything meaningful is done to address the problem . 
  the greek have learned nothing , they keep electing corrup and selfserving politicians and let them do as they please . 
  afaik the us have warned turkey that the nato will not cover them if they start trouble with russia in syria . 
  and right now turkey and russia get along well . 
  putin certainly wouldnt apologize otherwise . 
  that 'd be the corrupt bastards that caused the greek debt with populist crap . 
   the fdp is saying the same , leaving the eurozone and then debt cut . 
  which is the only option that makes sense . 
  because the loans we give greece right now are not loans , they are essentially gifts . 
  greece will never be able to repay them . 
  it simply does not make sense to spend any money on greece right now . 
  force them to leave the ez , then completely free them from all existing debts . 
  that would at least give them a chance to recover while freeing the ez from the black whole that is the greek budget . 
   greece has no good options left , it 's utterly fucked exactly . 
  greece has a choice of being fucked without any option in the ez , or being fucked with at least the possibility of improving their situation by leaving . 
  not very hard to see what the better choice is . 
  so essentially : you think its fine for the greek people to be selfish and act for their own benefit over the benefit of the society as a whole . 
  meanwhile if their politicians do the same its evil ? 
  fun fact : the greek politicians are the product of their society , not the other way around . 
  the greek elected generations of incompetent cleptocrats and populists . 
  now they get to pay the bill for it . 
  the greek people have elected their goverment . 
  the people governing greece are part of `` the greek people '' . 
  only the greek are to blame for the current status of their society . 
  germany doesnt need the us military in any shape or form . 
  this is purely a problem of out of controll intelligence agencies circumventing laws to spy on german citizens . 
   and while we might not like your electoral choices , we will have to respect them . 
  hell no . 
  we dont have to respect goverments that try to undermine the seperation of power to weaken the checks and balances of their democratic system . 
  normal people will care if their goverment ruins the countries reputation by protecting somebody that isnt worth protecting . 
   week argument nowadays . 
  former administration decided to commute manning 's sentence . 
  new administration is grateful to wikileaks , and approves of it 's tactics . 
  the new goverment approves of wikileaks recent targets , certainly not their tactics . 
  if they would leak anything about trump , he 'd explode . 
  sitting on a wallet of 3 trillion usd and having a goverment without checks and balances does that . 
  china also has a lot of catching up to do compared to most of the eu . 
  even though poland is well on its way back to coal . 
  the us are a net producer/exporter of oil/gas these days thanks to fracking . 
  mind you its an insanely dumb technology , but still . 
  pretty sure we are psychologically hardwired into group thinking . 
  if nationality becomes increasingly unimportant , groups will just be based on ethnicy , religion , philosophy , political party or something else . 
  in which case the uk would get their money back , just like everybody else that made commitments .
