  the 50m has nothing to do with the t&c fine this article is about . 
  this `` article '' has so little information that they need to drop a number for another random fine . 
  i dont see why these companies would give a damn unless the fine is in the range of billions . 
  it doesnt say how much the fine is going to be anyway . 
  the 50m seems to be a number for another fine . 
   the individual has no responsibility over a political election because the decision is made by the collectivity as a whole . 
  that is only mostly correct . 
  yes nobody will kill you ( well they shouldnt anyway ) because your goverment bombed some village in africa to kill terrorists . 
  you arent directly responsible for every single action of your goverment . 
  however . 
  your society as a whole is responsible for the direction it takes . 
  trump is a symptom of a number of nasty issues that the us as a whole refuse to tackle for a long time now . 
  the fucked up election system , the dominance of 2 parties that are so big that they suffocate the actual will of the electorate , fairly insane corporate media , a social system that would be embarassing for a developing country , etc. 
  i hate to quote others but : you are not responsible for the society you are born into , but you are responsible for the society you die in . 
  can you really say you have done everything in your power to improve your own society ? 
  dont think so . 
  he is your president . 
  you elected him , you accept the voting system that allowed him to become president with less votes than clinton . 
  you want to be a sovereign state ? 
  well then : trump speaks for you , all us citizen . 
  if you dont like that and want somebody else to take responsibility for the failures of your own society : call england and ask nicely about the whole colony deal . 
  no its not , its meaningless . 
  trump has done a hundred stupid/dangerous/insane things . 
  being impolite is really far down on the list of things we should care about . 
   do we , though ? 
  he has proven himself quite the opportunist and broke a lot of unwritten rules . 
  he has also shows which rules he wont break . 
  - putin isnt willing to start an actual war with any eu/nato member - putin isnt even willing to try the `` civil war '' game against a eu/nato member - and on top of it all : he isnt even willing to start a formal war against the ukraine . 
  so yes putin is an opportunist . 
  dont give him a profitable opportunity and he wont bother us . 
  trump is straight up crazy as well as incompetent , and he has even crazier people whispering in his ear . 
  some of which wouldnt be very out of place in an organisation like isis . 
  wont change a thing . 
  trump is just a symptom of how fucked up us politics are . 
  the fact that republicans supported somebody like him to get into the white house is much more problematic for europe than the guy himself . 
  a system that produces trump can produce much worse . 
   trump 's opinion is irrelevant , he 's already being swayed by whichever advisor manages to influence him most and it 's obvious presidency is way too much for him . 
  that makes trump a bigger problem for europe , not a smaller one . 
  trust is largely based on understanding how somebody acts . 
  what they stand for , what they stand against . 
  how far they are willing to go to further their cause . 
  we know what putin wants and what he is willing to do to get it . 
  we dont know shit about trump and its ridiculous that random shitters nobody knows might influence trumps politics to a massive degree . 
  eh i dont think so . 
  putin is just a lot better at keeping his crap out of the news lately . 
  we also know that he wants to destroy europe and we know how far he wants to go . 
  we dont know just exactly how hostile the current us goverment is . 
  we dont know how trump will affect us domestic politics for the future , etc. 
  trust is largely an emotional issue . 
  the enemy you know can be easier to trust than the friend you dont know anymore . 
  why ? 
  because an ant isnt colorful and pretty ? 
  why is killing an ant or be less of a moral issue than killing a flamingo ? 
  is the worth of an animal determined by how many there are , how fast they multiply or how long it takes to kill one ? 
  i dont think so . 
   also this kind of behavior is more common than you think . 
  a lot of people have childhood experience of hurting animals and or other children . 
  yup , the key factor here is that parents act once they see their kid doing something like this . 
  good parenting can easily fix this , there is no reason at all for therapy or something similar . 
  though the kids that killed the flamingo should obviously be punished . 
  why would you beat a child as punishment for beating an animal ? 
  want a beating from your parents for beating your children ? 
  i dont mind sanctioning russia , but that argument is stupid . 
  you dont like foreign powers financing your parties ? 
  well dont allow it . 
  force parties to open their books , or w/e you want . 
  if russia finances parties in your country the legal way , its solely a problem of your country . 
  you cant seriously demand sanctions against russia for doing something thats legal . 
  the problem isnt selling people the `` we killed isis '' line . 
  the problem is selling people the `` we 're gon na kill isis '' line . 
  not only will nobody ever believe you , you 're gon na get shit on fro supporting assad regardless of how much other monsters the west has supported and still supports elsewhere . 
  that doesnt really matter . 
  assad has too much blood on his hands to receive active support by the eu . 
  yes he might be the best option in syria . 
  but he is still a dictator that decimated his own population . 
  there is no way the eu could spin this into a story that sells well enough . 
  without a good story , there would be nopublic support and politicians would kill their own carreers by saying anything positive about assad . 
  `` it made sense a long time ago '' and `` its always been this way '' are meaningless arguments . 
  europe was build this way because europe existed under the boot of christianity for about 2000 years . 
  we have freed ourselves from the oppression of the church . 
  religion is very much up for debate . 
  merkel isnt conservative at all , most of the cdu isnt conservative either . 
  its a small part of the cdu and parts of the csu that are conservative . 
  if religious law would superceed secular law , we wouldnt live in a democracy . 
  tattoos , like religion , are a choice . 
  i honestly wouldnt mind completely removing all special protection for religions . 
  nobody cares what you believe in as long as you keep it to yourself . 
  but there is no reason to be forced to deal with other peoples delusions . 
  most religion in the west in diluted to the point where its more culture and tradition than dogma and doctrine . 
  most `` religious '' people cherry pick whatever they want from their traditions . 
  it makes no sense to give something as trivial as this any special protection . 
  employees that deal with customers should only represent the company . 
  that means no religious symbols , no political symbols , no symbolism from any ideologies . 
  its perfectly normal for companies to have a dresscode or a uniform . 
   companies that want to avoid hiring muslims can use this to keep them away how ? 
  muslims arent forced to wear a veil . 
  if anything its very much the choice of the applicant to show up to an interview with a veil . 
  if they value the veil more than the job , they dont get the job . 
   but this is n't about whether smartphones are worth it or not . 
  op said the payment plans themselves are the rip off .
