  no its not . 
  if hungary says they will take 500 refugees per year and dont give a fuck about the rest , they effectively take next to no refugees . 
  setting a limit ourself also means having the option of setting it very low , or to zero . 
  asylum ( for people fleeing from war at least ) is just a really terrible human right and the definition was stupid from the start . 
  its perfectly obvious to everybody with a working brain that asylum isnt unlimited . 
  ultimately , we decide where we set this limit . 
  laws have to be bulletproof . 
  the fact that people think laws that force us to take an unlimited amount of poor and possibly uneducated people are useful is ridicolous . 
  everybody knows asylum does have limits . 
  its just retarded political correctness that prevents us from acknowledging that . 
  integration by separation . 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  deport the trouble makers or throw them into prison . 
  or wait , even better . 
  since this happened in sweden which isnt far from finland , feed them finnish food as punishment . 
  seems to a cruel thing to do . 
  the consensus is that we live in a democracy and if people dont want refugees , they should have to right to not get refugees . 
  its honestly just merkel that doesnt get the message . 
  because europe wants mostly a solution for syria and doesnt care where it comes from . 
  the us mostly wants to oppose russia , even if that means no solution for syria . 
  basically : the eu would be fine with a plan that gives assad a few more years in office before he silently steps down to get a nice and cozy exile in iran , if that means syria will be stable . 
  the us just want to kill assad , piss on russia and dont give a shit about syria . 
  doesnt matter . 
  a lot of people have moved from rural areas and east germany to cities and west germany . 
  now here is the catch : integrating migrants works best in cities . 
  which means while if you look at totals , we dont have a housing shortage . 
  but in reality cities do have problems while east germany is slowly being deserted . 
  hell in some areas you can buy a family home for 50k , spend 20k and you have a nice place . 
  meanwhile in some cities its 300k for the same kind of home in a far out suburb . 
  its not about who do you prefer . 
  but giving the saudis a seat on the human rights council diminishes the relevance of the un . 
  if the goverments that get to vote on these things are fine with an increasingly worthless un , well ... 
  the point is that climate change is one of the reasons for mass migration . 
  its not a major factor or the main reason , but it doesnt help . 
  basically : they focus on fixing the symptoms , while actually making the problem worse . 
  yeah the 180 percent seem outrageous , but its really not much of a shock if thats the regular car tax anyway . 
  the problem with that phrase is that its objectively wrong if you take it too seriously . 
  i mean we can throw people into prison which is somewhat at odds with the concept of dignity if you dont have any more information than that . 
  which is why you cant just give people that phrase , you need a precise explanation . 
  its really not very accurate . 
  if you are fucked up enough , it could be interpreted as allowing you to kill your daughter/sister for ruining your dignity by having sex with a boy you dont approve of . 
  so its really a good idea to offer official translations for that . 
  so why did you pick the job ? 
  nobody forced you into it . 
  you dont like it ? 
  learn a different job . 
  if you do like it , you 'll have to make a choice between a nice job and a good job . 
  just like everybody else . 
  a lot of crafts have vanished in the last 100 or so years . 
  there is no right to do a certain type of work and make good money doing so . 
  you cant seriously argue that wages in general are too low while also arguing lidl cashiers make too much . 
  hell i have a carpenter in my family . 
  his parents werent rich or anything , but he is still successful and makes a lot more than a cashier at lidl . 
  so its not like its impossible to have a good life with that job . 
  i dont like them that much , but i think france is probably our most important ally . 
  also one of our most useful allies , especially in europe . 
  germany and france can get a lot of shit done together and are ultimately the core of the eu . 
  the very term hate speech is stupid and can be used to silence people you dont like . 
  there is a reason we dont have a precise legal definition for it and it shouldnt be used at all . 
  my stance on sarcasm is that its not good enough if you have to mark it . 
  but dont worry , one day its going to work even for people that fight it . 
  these jobs are mostly for long term unemployed and kids/students these days . 
  its not as bad as it sounds though . 
  the main problem is that some companies cut `` real '' jobs and replace them with 2-4 of those minijobs . 
  the minijobs themselves are quite useful for students and kids . 
  hell a lot of students can probably only afford their education because of minijobs . 
  it certainly made my university life a lot better to have one of those . 
  thats is not true . 
  our pensions are at risk because we get increasingly fewer children and the populations declines . 
  migrants help stopping the population decline , which does indeed help our pensions . 
  if we 'd have the ~ 2,16 children per woman that are needed to sustain a population , we wouldnt need any migrants at all . 
  stacking shelves isnt even a real job in germany anymore . 
  discounters typically have a core of a few actual employees and hire minijobers to fill the shelves . 
  they get minimum wage too , but the ancillary wage costs are basically zero . 
  even if we would need a few million workers , we can always ask greece , italy or spain for some sort of program that encourages their jobless to go to germany . 
  would be hell of a lot cheaper for us and it might actually be useful for those nations too . 
  if you are born in germany and chose this profession , you should really know what you 're getting into . 
  its mostly bad for older people that didnt see this comming . 
  as it turns out : a murderer is a murderer regardless of whom he works for . 
  and until the greek guy fired back with an assault rifle , this was probably murder . 
  or we can just go ahead and organise an accident for him . 
  much easier . 
  also : most european nations extradite to you . 
  which is why snowden is in moscow , 
  educations isnt just about making money . 
  its quite simple : if the islam is the problem , how can there be moderate muslims ? 
  its because they were raised/educated differently . 
  hence what i said : education and integration . 
  or are you seriously going to argue that there are no moderate muslims at all , that all of them are radicals ? 
  no there isnt . 
  what are you going to do if the followers dont give up their `` ideology '' ? 
  you will force them to give it up , punish them for not doing so . 
  aka you will persecute them for their beliefs . 
  which will radicalise the moderate muslims and cause a bigger shitstorm that you can think off . 
  because persecuting religions has always worked out so well . 
  islam isnt the issue here , lack of integration and education is . 
  thats what facebook says . 
  if you want to run a business in germany , you will subject to german rules and oversight like every other business . 
  this legal bullshit with having your hq in a country that doesnt give a fuck wont work . 
  this is still censorship .
