  the prices in the us are lower so vw has a lot of pressure to reduce costs . 
  so yes european vws are actually better cars than american ones . 
  they do cost hell of a lot more though . 
  vw is not a cheap brand in europe . 
  i dont think much german engineers and executives were involved in that to be honest . 
  this smells like the us branch went a little too far when attempting to reduce the production cost . 
  there was an article in the spiegel a few days ago that said that using a slightly more expensive part would have allowed the jetta pass the test and keep its current performance . 
  it would have increased the cost by about 77-100 euro per car , which is probably why it wasnt done . 
  compare now  these economic parasites are forced on eastern europe by brussels . 
  to a few years ago  these economic parasites are forced on western europe by brussels . 
  learned anything yet ? 
  these ships wouldnt make much sense for us . 
  we have only 10 * or so frigates/destroyers and our navy is mostly designed for self defence and minor peacekeeping operations . 
  these ships can in theory be used as mobile base of operations for patrols in the mediterranean , but it would be stupid to spend that much money just to have them do this . 
   we are as much european as any of the balkan countries and it makes me mad that people think of us as some kind of extremists that will murder innocent people for religious matters . 
  thats because a lot of people demonize the islam . 
  you can find posts on this sub that basically go : every single muslim is a terrorist and there cant be such a thing as a moderate/secular muslim . 
  it was technically an independant nation . 
  if the ukraine would be willing to go this far , a `` west ukraine '' could probably join . 
  sanctions cant really hurt putin directly . 
  the only way of hurting him is ruining his popularity . 
  for example by ruining russias economy and making his voters pay for their decision . 
  some russians here said it already : russia is wealthier than ever . 
  thats why the russians are happy with putin . 
  take their wealth and you take putin down . 
  source ? 
  because the current economic sanctions hurt russia a lot . 
  and i dont see any nuke waving here . 
  a lot of countries in eastern europe still believe that an invasion could happen at any time . 
  it obviously wont happen because putin isnt retarded , but the opinions towards russia wont change anytime soon . 
  are these ships some sort of secret despot edition vessel you cant sell to normal people ? 
  this deal is stupid . 
  you arent done with anything . 
  your economy is still massively dependant on oil and gas . 
  your goverments budget is still massively dependant on oil and gas . 
  you randomly start wars and make enemies when you should be using your current wealth to improve your economy . 
  go ahead and burn off all of your finger prints permanently . 
  these migrants are for the most part trying to improve their live , not to ruin it permanently . 
  the current economic sanctions are a more effective tool against russia and putin than a direct war . 
  remember : russia has a lot of nukes . 
  now i dont expect them to use these weapons . 
  but you simply can not destabilize a nation that has this many nukes . 
  if only a few of those nukes end up in the wrong hands we 're royally fucked . 
  japan will not start a war . 
  the goverment tries to play a dangerous game , but the population is still very much pacifist . 
  the nato has some sort of rule that they cant accept internally messed up nations . 
  this is probably the main reason for putins little war , he doesnt want to claim the territory , but he can make sure the ukraine will never get into the nato . 
  germany followed the dublin rules . 
  we simply used a clause that allowed us to help greece by keeping migrants we didnt have to keep . 
  helping greece is hardly prove of german egoism , especially since the rules allowed it anyway . 
  nobody disregarded dublin . 
  dublin 2 had a clause that allows nations to voluntarily take care of migrants they could rightfully send back to the first eu nation they entered . 
  germany used this clause to help greece . 
  it was all within the established rules . 
  we could simply pick those we take out of the camps properly . 
  its certainly better than letting the rich refugees play hunger games in the mediteran and see who survives . 
  honestly : these people are beggars . 
  we help them because its the decent thing to do , but they should realise that they are not in any position to make demands . 
  thats the issue here . 
  these people need to understand that they didnt come to paradise , that their smugglers lied and exaggerated a lot . 
  i 'd really prefer they learn these things from somebody talking to them with an indoor voice . 
  but at the end of the day i dont mind watercannons and megaphones if the indoor voice doesnt work . 
  if you keep transfering sovereignity to the eu , it doesnt really matter what you call it , it will be a federal state . 
  though you dont have to worry , thats very unlikely to happen during your lifetime . 
  ironically , because hungary refused any cooperation on this matter , germany could theoretically distribute some refugees . 
  because it was originally planned to distribute 54.000 from hungary . 
  its probably not going to happen and we 'll just take more immigrants from greece for this , but its sort of funny . 
  mint sauce . 
  mint . 
  sauce . 
  you are making me agree with a frenchman . 
  i dont think any of us is happy with * that * . 
  greece was screwed long before merkel blurped out her little invitation . 
  it certainly didnt help , but once you are swimming in shit it doesnt really matter how deep it is . 
  i agree . 
  but working around rules rather than changing them to be practical invites corruption and all kinds of other issues . 
  if the rules suck , lets change them . 
  the quota doesnt ignore anything . 
  the current mechanism isnt working . 
  greece is drowning in migrants and cant possibly handle them alone . 
  quotas are a proposed solution to help greece manage this mess . 
  stuff has no bite . 
  a good salad needs some solid ingredients that need chewing and have a more distinct taste . 
  i personally would never make salad with any kind of lettuce . 
  i greatly prefer radish , cucumber , peppers , tomatoes and stuff like that . 
   we are not obligated to take these people in your country agreed to the right of asylum . 
  if you dont want to agree to that , have your goverment change this . 
  but as long as your goverment doesnt change this , you are in fact obligated to grant people asylum if they meet the conditions . 
  its not about how much you need it . 
  its about that fact that you take it . 
  you take the benefits of this oh so terrible eu , but you refuse to share the burden when shit hits the fan . 
  the eu recognises the right to asylum . 
  if you dont like it , change that . 
  you cant cherrypick solidarity . 
   if you take around a million , you simply spend too much money on flights , and it would not be fair thats actually not true . 
  a refugee in germany costs 12000-13000 euro per year . 
  those that are given asylum will cost this much for several years . 
  a single flight from turkey is basically nothing compared to what we 'd need to spend on these people anyway . 
  even if you dont want to pay for the ticket , just send busses down there to pick them up . 
  its about the procedure itself , not what kind of transport is used .
