  so the argument of stopping the refugee waves from syria is useless : they wont stop . 
  we still get people fleeing iraq after all those years . 
  i have no reason to believe that the nato can fix syria any faster . 
  so what is the realistic best case scenario ? 
  because i dont see any scenario that would be a relevant improvement of the current situation . 
  our terrorism problem has to be fixed at the source . 
  this source is in france , in belgium , maybe in germany too if the news are to be believed . 
  so why are we going to syria ? 
   diplomacy is the way to go - as long as it is possible . 
  but you ca n't argue with is , they will continue to do terror no matter what , as long as they live and their dream goes on . 
  their dream can only be destroyed if it is no longer archievable , and this means when they finally loose in the all-out-war that is the middle east . 
  thats just wrong . 
  i agree that at some point a military deployment will be necessary , but the current one is futile . 
  all we do right now is to randomly do something in order to appear busy and satisfy the frenchies desire for vengeance . 
  this is literally an eye for an eye . 
  they hurt us , we hit them . 
  this whole operation has no long term strategy , no plan , nothing . 
  its pretty funny how people in europe were super arrogant about the us pointless war on terror that ended up sustaining the terror it was meant to end . 
  but right now we do exactly the same . 
  we invade a country that is tangentially related to a terrorist attack in europe and we do so without any long term plan . 
  well at least we kill some muslims right ? 
  i actually checked it before i posted because its not a word i use a lot . 
  http://www.vocabulary.com/dictionary/autocratic * `` an autocratic leader is one who rules with an iron fist ; in other words -- someone with the behavior of a dictator . 
  '' * autocratic behaviour is not necessarily connected to dictatorship , it merely means behaving like one . 
  for example putin was also very much elected and is very popular , but he could still be considered an autocrat . 
  leo.org also puts autocratic somewhat close to egomanical . 
  yeah , but orban is still an autocratic moron . 
  he just looks good because merkel tried basically everything she could think of to make him look like a reasonable person . 
  the market doesnt give a shit about ecological issues . 
  the main problem for vw is the bad pr from lying and cheating their customers . 
  as well as the cost of fixing this issue directly and making up for the ruined reputation . 
  actually , its just merkel . 
  she will be blamed for whatever happens with the migrants . 
  because she wanted them when most other didnt . 
  so if she fails germany will be forced to pay the bills for her incompetence while the rest of europe will be smug about the fact that they saw this coming . 
  the problem is that our moron politicians will not stop meddling and will not stop to suck the united states dick whenever possible . 
  so i very much have no problem at all with the fact that our military rots . 
  its not like we need it anyway . 
  sure it would be nice , but right now europe wants to depend on the us . 
  so we might as well let them pay the bills for our defense to get something out of that cooperation . 
   is there a reason that their fleet has been allowed to decay like this ? 
  germany isnt very interested in war , our budget reflects that . 
  more importantly : while our military is probably managed badly , i dont see any problem with the numbers posted above . 
  sure we only have like 29 working tornados . 
  so what ? 
  right now we need i think 5-6 . 
  and even those 5-6 are send into a war that has no long term plan or any perspective . 
  the nato failed afghanistan and iraq because we went there without any plan . 
  right now we simply repeat that very same mistake . 
  if even the deployments we actually participate in are questionable , i dont see any reason to improve the equipment of the german military . 
  i dont think its important to know trivial statistics about your own country . 
  most of those questions arent even very useful information . 
  yeah , i think you are blind . 
  everybody outside of a few european nations ignores it already . 
  you know that turkey and other neighbours of syria would have to take care of the refugees ? 
  you know that we dont have to lift a finger ? 
  i wonder why that doesnt happen . 
  maybe because its a terrible fucking idea and nobody will ever stick to this when shit hits the fan ? 
   come back from your fantasy land and may be people can actually discuss with you what to do about the people currently at our doorstep . 
  you missed the point . 
  i simply gave a reason why the un refugee carta is irrelevant and should be ignored ( and how it would make more sense ) . 
  we will not find any solution for the current problem until we accept that it will involve getting our hands dirty . 
  right now we just pay turkey to do the dirty work for us , which not only doesnt make it any better . 
  but also forces us to support a religious autocrat . 
  the law that says turkey and other direct neighbours must take care of all refugees and have no right to send anybody away to say europe ? 
  that law seems very practical and well implemented . 
  we dont free anything . 
  all we do is make sure that the nasty work that has to be done to protect our interests is done out of sight and can be blamed on somebody else . 
  because lets face it , no european wants to see pictures of frontex gunning down refugees . 
  but its totaly fine if turkey does it for us and we can feel smug about the fact that `` this wouldnt happen in a civilised european nation '' . 
   the un refugee convention prevents turkey from doing this , as the warzone starts at our border . 
  even if it were n't the law , the press would be so bad that it would n't a genuine option . 
  the un refugee convention is garbage . 
  you cant seriously expect to make every single nation responsible for whatever amount of refugees can possibly reach them . 
  this convention needs a global refugee distribution scheme to work . 
  hell it should just be replaced with a binding treaty . 
  everybody taht agrees gets to distribute any refugees they get while also taking a share of everybody elses refugees . 
  distribution key is based on say gpd * population . 
  everybody that doesnt agree doesnt get to send refugees way . 
  without a system like that , the un refugee convention could single handedly cause the collapse of nations and ultimately a chain reaction . 
  which is why nobody actually gives a shit about it , only some nations in europe care because it makes them feel better about themselves . 
   that does n't solve the problem though does it ? 
  it still leaves 2 + million refugees in turkey without adequate support and another 2 million-ish in lebanon . 
  we wont take those anyway , it doesnt really matter why they rot in lebanon and turkey if we let them rot no matter what . 
   do n't worry ablut human rights when europe 's own survival is at stake that crap doesnt help anybody either . 
  it is not about survival , its mostly about protecting our wealth and the social achievements we have fought for . 
  being overdramatic just makes you look like a dumb racist . 
  accept that defending our own interest must sometimes be done at the cost of the interest and potentially lives of others . 
  then decide just how far we are willing to go . 
  its certainly better than to be shy and run our own societies into the ground because we are afraid to act and fix our issues . 
   because europe believes in human rights . 
  thats the excuse used , but not an actual reason . 
  i mean we just outsource the general dog kicking to turkey . 
  it basically doesnt change shit . 
  our actual problem is that politicians are simply afraid to be honest about these issues . 
  they are afraid of an honest , public discussion . 
  because that would end up showing that basically everything that was done so far was either a terrible idea or simply ineffective . 
  so what you are saying is that putin got a headstart and erdogan still has a long way to go to catch up ? 
  well at least he is trying ... 
   is this situation our fault ?
