  in case you dont know , neither afghanistan , nor iraq are even close to save right now . 
  and thats more than a decade after they were bombed into democracy . 
  you 'd have to be very naive to think that syria will be a safe place to live within your lifetime . 
  this dinner isnt public . 
  and diplomats are supposed to be somewhat smart and most importantly : discret . 
  it was absolutely possible to handle this in a discret way . 
  but the iranians blew it and gave the french an opportunity to , well lets be real to be very french about it . 
  meh , a lot of people realise that the us salaries are much higher and whatnot . 
  then again this isnt exactly good for things like the cost of your healthcare . 
  or you can be smart about it , study in europe and go back to ` murica and make ` murican money while still having next to no debt . 
  thats just stupid . 
  if they dont want to be seen with wine , simply dont take picture with wine . 
  a dinner isnt a public occasion . 
  there should be no issues if they are seen on a picture that clearly shows them not having a wine glass while the french guy does . 
  the guy got what he deserved . 
  he lived in sa for years and reaped the benefits . 
  turns out that if you dont want to be treated like shit , you shouldnt live in a nation that treats people like shit . 
  or you should at least be smart enough to avoid getting caught . 
  people are getting upset all the time . 
  you confuse action with reaction . 
  its the politicians that dont give a shit about all of this money wasting , despite the public uproar . 
  which is sad because money isnt the problem . 
  21 billion dont mean anything for our budget , hell we might get a balanced budget anyway . 
  the actual issue is that you cant buy integration . 
  a crucial part of integration is that immigrants are forced to adapt because they are few and they need to adapt to the majority . 
  but in a lot of places we simply have too much migrants and they can live in their own little migrant colonies . 
  this isnt too late , because its not a news . 
  this isnt a universal decision , actually sending back people will be decided on a case by case basis . 
  i doubt we will send back any relevant amoung of syrians . 
  i mean in theory we send back everybody but syrians already . 
  in practise we dont send away anybody . 
  which makes this `` decision '' a joke . 
  populist crap that has no effect , but is means to calm down the increasingly frustrated population . 
  this isnt a blanked decision . 
  this will be decided on a case to case basis according to spiegel . 
  they even admit this means that effectively , we wont send away syrians anyway . 
   why not turkey or iran , china even ? 
  do they really want to be here or is it just a matter of money ? 
  because absurd political correctness and feelgood politics are mostly limited to western nations . 
  the saudis dont give a fuck about others . 
  iran and china would probably either not take them in or let them rot/starve . 
  meanwhile germany gives you free stuff and if people are mean you say so into a camera and can play victim until you get what you want . 
  try that elsewhere and you 'll get trouble somewhere in between being laughed at and being shot . 
  well yes . 
  didnt you read all the news about what google had to do to be allowed to operate in china ? 
  arming everybody doesnt even work in your country . 
  so there is no point to spread this crap . 
  but if you escalate , the criminals will always escalate further than the potential victims . 
  you arent going to carry a gun with you at all times on your way to work , when going out with friends , etc. 
  the criminals that go out to rob people might . 
  if all weapons you can easily buy suck , the playing field is much more even than if you could buy dangerous weapons like guns . 
  because in practise , most criminals that want them will have them , but most citizens wont . 
   its an absolute statement of fact which is n't grounded in reality , and i ca n't be bothered to debate an argument based on a falss premise . 
  actually , it does make sense . 
  even if you carry a gun , if somebody ambushes you and points a gun at your face they will have an advantage . 
  its the same for basically every weapon . 
  so whatever weapon is used , if both parties have the same weapon the attacker will always have the advantage because they are prepared . 
  if you dont have any opinions yourself , you are just a puppet for those around you that do . 
  in merkels case , she is very populist most of the time and almost afraid to act . 
  which is why she didnt even think of doing anything about the migrant issue until it was too late . 
  even worse when she finally did act she simply did something that was popular back then . 
  merkel didnt want to be the woman that broke europe . 
  she didnt have the spine to do what it takes because she didnt want to take any risks , she is generally not fond of taking risks . 
  too bad that a good politician sometimes has to take a risk . 
  merkels greece politics were what people expected her to do , right until the end where she failed to go all the way . 
  and it wasnt just the german opinion , there was a majority in europe in favor of disciplining greece and making an example of them , germany just took the heat . 
  the map is rigged like crazy though . 
  the colors are chosen in a way that makes the difference between east and west look huge . 
  though the actual difference between light blue shades and light red shades is next to nothing . 
  if you keep in mind just how much money germany spends on wellfare , our result is actually terrible . 
  i am saying that france and spain for example could take * some * migrants and maybe the uk could take more than 20k over x years . 
  i wouldnt mind if we pay poor nations to take them . 
  integrating migrants isnt about money , its about making sure they are a minority so they are forced to integrate . 
  oh and eastern europe could take some too . 
  but hey i know its totaly fair if germany takes 80 % of the migrants that come to europe . 
  then again you probably voted for merkel and are perfectly happy to take as much migrants as she wants you too . 
   realistically , you can not limit the amount of refugees unless you have a revolution . 
  thats just wrong . 
  we have laws that say we dont have to take any migrants that enters germany from a safe eu country . 
  since all migrants come from save eu countries , we can deny every single one asylum . 
  we just dont do it and mind you i dont think we should deny all . 
  but we should only take as much as we can actually integrate , and we are past that number for a long time . 
  if we take more than we can handle , we 'll get parallel societies and raise our own terrorists because these people wont integrate . 
  you can still get around it by having access to the end points of the encryption . 
  and once companies arent allowed to talk about backdoors anymore , they can build them straight into their os and you are fucked . 
  encryption doesnt do shit if you cant controle the hardware and the os . 
  go ahead and show me this official definition , and show me how our laws violate it . 
  quite surprising that tiny nations even bother with a national airline like that . 
  dont airlines rely heavily on economics of scale ? 
  well we already ran out of actual houses long ago . 
  right now most migrants are put into tents , containers or rapidly build wood `` houses '' . 
  though merkel doesnt give a fuck about that , she will not change her politics until public opinion is about 5 minutes away from large scale riots . 
  i mean she isnt accountable for anything anyway . 
  her party cant afford to drop her and all other parties dont have anybody that could take her job anyway . 
  democracy isnt worth much if there is only one option . 
  merkel will most likely win the next elections in 2017 . 
  neither her own party , nor anybody else has a candidate that could even begin to oppose her . 
  so chances are its at least another 6 years of merkel for everybody . 
  merkel thinks we can take an unlimited amount of migrants , so we take an unlimited amount . 
  that we can obviously not take an unlimited amount is fairly obvious , but merkel prefers feel good politics over inconvenient realities .
