  what imports are you talking about ? 
  so what is le pen going to do against those evil muslims murdering gays ? 
  because the evil islamophile socialist goverment you have right now gave no fucks about refugees already and took only a token amount , i seem to remember that the number was 30k at some point . 
  so what kind of evil islamophile policies are you trying to fight by voting fn ? 
   uber is a very scalable business . 
  a lot of the costs ( i.e. 
  app development ) have no linear relationship with the number of rides that are being purchased in the system . 
  when they reach the tipping point they can start to generate money fast . 
  uber wont scale . 
  they have already been forced to actually employ people rather than give them freelance contracts in several countries . 
  uber also starts to buy its own fleet and experiments with self driving cars . 
  the moment these wannabe companies step out of the internet , their business model breaks . 
  by attempting to go from pure online services to actual real world service with employees and a their own car pool uber essentially capitulated and surrendered their business model . 
  that would be the most basic criteria . 
  there are other points to adress : mono cultures , gmo , social aspects for the workers , etc. 
  uber runs a 2 billion deficit with a 10 billion revenue ( in 2015 ) and stays afloat purely on venture capital . 
  uber is your archetypical silicon valley bullshit that burns money and runs solely on hopes and dreams of crushing an entire market and fantasies of being a `` scalable '' business . 
  too bad that unlike big data companies like facebook , uber doesnt actually have a long term business model other than crushing the competition before dialing up prices and become more expensive than regular taxies ever were . 
  after all , the vc gangs that financed billions of operational losses will want their money back . 
   this absolutist stance will kill any middle ground . 
  you 'll lose people on both sides . 
  how so ? 
  every nation in the world draws a red line . 
  i would compare it with citizenship : afaik just about any country requires some sort of oath or written commitment to its constitution . 
  the eu already requires certain commitment from nations that wish to join . 
  i just say we need to both advertise and enforce these commitments more aggressively . 
  in the past there was a lot of political will to ignore half hearted commitments for the sake of growth . 
  both the eu and the ez have made that mistake and it honestly blew up in our face . 
  at some point we have to revisit these policies and make it very clear what it takes to be a member and which options are available for those that arent willing to commit . 
  indecisiveness and half hearted rules that are enforced only at the whims of politicians will turn the eu into the corrupt , bureaucratic moloch that people are afraid of . 
  i mean just look at greece and where it got us that we ignored our own rules when greece applied for the ez . 
   that 's eu control over the people 's representatives speaking freely -- with what is approaching a sanction as the `` or else '' this isnt about free speech and random opinions . 
  the goverment of an eu member has decided to spend money on a pr campaign that as far as i can tell only says `` stop the eu '' . 
  the eu very much deserves to know whether they should abide by this and stop their evil schemes of funding hungary . 
  you know , just for the sake of clarity . 
   what the hell happens if the eu is indeed wrong , but thinks it is n't ? 
  humans are fallible , as are all institutions comprised of them . 
  does the eu then force politicians to cover for them , or risk being kicked out when their voters see the money dry up ? 
  if the eu is wrong and its getting really bad , each member state is clearly able to leave the eu . 
  or simply stop paying the membership fees or something similar . 
  its not like brussel will invade if members started that pull away . 
   the eu is given a tool to effectively use a nation 's voters against the government , and may exploit this for any number of negotiations . 
  do you see such a power as compatible with the legitimate role of national governments as checks to a foreign institution wielding ever more cards ? 
  the eu has these tools already , sure not as effective , but they exist . 
  and as you can see already , national goverments are actively sabotaging the eu while benefiting from it . 
  so yes i do think the eu needs tools to deal with member states that blatantly try to sabotage the eu as a whole . 
  if the eu ever wants to be anything close to a federation you need to draw a line . 
  you need to have a certain commitment to the eu for every member . 
  i mean i dont mind at all if nations leave the eu because they think its better for them . 
  let them go , offer them eea membership , thats perfectly fine . 
  but if you are in , then you are fucking in . 
  if you have complaints , let them hear . 
  but dont hide behind empty bullshit and waste money on shit talking the people that fund your own country . 
  that or that the eu needs to remind goverments of countries that take billions of eu money that these funds should not be taken for granted . 
  the eu needs to enforce this at gun point . 
  there is no point to support goverments and countries that pay lip service to the eu while blaming it for all the evils ( and their own incompetence and corruption ) in the world . 
  honestly : a large scale anti eu campaign started by the goverment should be grounds for an investigation to determine if the countries eu grants should be reduced . 
  yes . 
  at that point i would only be willing to let the uk stay if a ) all special conditions are scrapped and b ) they confirm it in a new referendum . 
  without a new referendum to confirm staying , the uk would simply try to leave again after the next elections . 
  this kind of comical indecisiveness is really bad for both the eu , the uk and the economy in general . 
  so if the uk wants to stay , we 'd need a rock solid commitment to avoid fucking around with this issue for a decade . 
  well , uber is now held to the same standards by the court decision you are complaining about . 
  since they dont meet this standard they get banned . 
  too bad i cant read the article because its blocked , but i guess thats the idea of the ban . 
  yeah regular taxi companies should just stop paying taxes and pay their employees slave wages to compete . 
  the cost would mostly be for the occupation itself which is necessary to create a democratic system . 
  the us spend trillions on iraq and afghanistan and it still wasnt nearly enough because they bailed out long before they should have . 
  that should give you an idea what we 'd be dealing with . 
  these caps are already better than most data plans you can buy in germany . 
  you can still buy 750 mb/m for 10-30 euro per month here . 
  a non rushed military action would be a 30-50 year occupation with a rebuilding effort comparable to germany/japan after ww2 . 
  good luck getting a budget for that lmao . 
   what really makes this odd is their tight ties to turkey ( trips , political activity , membership in organizations concerning turkey ) not the paperwork saying they are turks . 
  thats exactly the point . 
  people that are dutch citizen , but are culturally turks , that limit their political activities to turkey and that vote in turkish elections and referendums are effectively turkish citizen and only turkish citizen . 
  they could just live in the netherlands on a work visa and nothing would change . 
  so why bother giving these people citizenship ? 
  why allow them the privilege of being a dutch citizen when all the netherlands are to them is a source of a better salary while their lives revolve around being turk and part of turkish society . 
  people like these arent `` dutch turks '' , they are turks living in the netherlands . 
  the point is that because of their dual citizenship , there will be next to no diplomatic pressure to release them . 
  if turkey would detain dutch citizen with questionable charges like these , the dutch goverment would try to bail them out . 
  with dual citizenship , these people are at the mercy of erdogans thugs . 
  i mean it probably makes me an asshole , but i love this . 
  this is a very effective punishment for dual citizenship . 
  should be a good incentive to decide where your priorities lie . 
  this is the assad option though . 
  in order to get him to give up his position , assad needs to win first . 
  and he will obviously need some sort of comfortable exile in iran , chances are he wants to take his money with him too . 
  that is effectively , an assad victory . 
  but i agree that its probably the only realistic option . 
  there is no such thing as a necessary evil . 
  but you cant just bomb away a state unless you want to actually commit massive ammounts of troops and money for at least 50 or so years to rebuild something stable that will last . 
  so i guess its more of a convenient evil than a necessary one . 
  the spd wanted harz4 welfare to be significantly higher , the idea was 500 euro afaik . 
  ~ ~ it was the cdu that insisted to lower it to the ~ 350 or so euro that it started out as . ~ ~ the mechanism isnt even that bad , a few changes and it would be acceptable . 
  i agree that an spd victory is highly unlikely though . 
  even if you had only a german id , there is no way you could hide being from bavaria . 
  there was really no hope for you from the very start i 'm afraid . 
  but its fine , we dont judge you as long as you at least try to learn our language .
