  once the migrant crisis isnt the biggest bloc in the news anymore , their polls will collapse . 
  either that or they get out of their corner , which is highly unlikely . 
  i hate bumper stickers in general and i do not own a flag . 
  i personally dont care much about patriotism . 
  especially since a lot of the problems germany has are better handeled at a european level anyway . 
  german politics are also a mess and have been for as long as i can remember . 
  i do appreciate our achievements though . 
  most of our rights are still rare outside of europe . 
   of course it 's possible , they just do n't have the political will . 
  most migrants could be sent back to the countries they came from . 
  this has nothing to do with australias solution . 
  maybe read up on it before you come up with your magically easy solutions . 
  you are right , but that doesnt change the fact that an australian solution is flat out not possible for europe . 
  will they ? 
  so which north african country is a ) on good enough terms to do this for us and b ) stable enough to be able to contain the migrants once we ship them there ? 
  also : which country can even take several million migrants ? 
  the camp in calais says otherwise . 
  there is no partner to send them too . 
  australia isnt magically competent . 
  they have just found people to take the migrants out of their hands . 
  nobody will take millions of migrants from europe , it doesnt really matter how much you want it . 
  still , moving those datacenters to the eu is good for us . 
  it means local investment and increased accountability . 
  the point is that the nsa is already starting to get pressure form us companies because their customers are now aware that they are being spied on 24/7 . 
  this will increase pressure on us corporations which in turn increases pressure on us intelligence agencies and politicians . 
  the only way to force the us to fix their shit is making sure it costs them money . 
  eulas dont ever superceed laws . 
  they can write eulas all day long , no court will ever give a shit about it . 
  i guess most people are surprised by the fact that the eu is willing to step up and screw over us companies . 
  i personally didnt think that there was a chance for any relevant consequences by european politicians . 
  unfortunately its one of the few situations where it might end up doing something useful . 
   they 've always moved from place to place to flee persecution or hate . 
  but why even bother with `` hate '' if you arent very religious and its not translating into violence ? 
  if somebody would call me a christian pig or something like that i would shrug and move on . 
  its not like jews are hunted down everywhere in europe . 
  most of them probably face at most some superficial adversity in their daily lives , if at all . 
  i am always puzzled that so many jews consider themselves jews rather than say french . 
  i mean there is a history of persecution , but its weird that this matters even today . 
  and on top of that : a muslim that considers him/herself a muslim before considering their nationality would be blamed for not integrating . 
  but nobody bats an eye when a jew identifies as such . 
  actually , even the us declassify ( some ) documents after a certain amount of time . 
  i seem to remember that a few weeks or so ago we had a news about some 50 year old us document being declassified . 
   save them and then jail them . 
  putting lives in danger is a serious crime . 
  the smugglers arent in the boats . 
  typically one of the migrants is in charge of the boat in exchange for a slightly lower fee or something like that . 
  the news/drama a few months ago about the boy drowning mentioned that the boat was steered by the boys father . 
  unfortunately , this is very dependant on proper communication . 
  the migrants were promised much more than they get even right now by the smugglers . 
  so we need to communicate the real situation properly , even if we dont cut their freebies . 
  so far the german goverment isnt even doing anything about clearing up these lies by the smugglers , so any cuts wont really make a difference for the migrant waves . 
  actually , no . 
  the problem with greece is that its impossible to properly guard the sea if its only a few kilometers from coast to coast . 
  the smugglers also sink their own boats to force the greek to `` save '' them . 
  a landborder is much , much easier to controll and its no problem at all to send people back . 
  this is why we pay turkey , the problem is just that turkey doesnt do what they must . 
  `` letting go '' of greece would be just about the ultimate dick move , but it would work very , very well . 
  these people mostly want to feel safe . 
  the effective danger is next to nonexistant . 
  chances are traffic accidents are a greater threat . 
  but it helps to calm them down which is very helpful . 
  we dont need guns to do that , there is literally not a single advantage in selling these people guns over spray and i am glad our laws make sure of that . 
  she saw a chance to get good pr for free and used it . 
  and its pretty bad that this part of their bullshit becomes increasingly true . 
   it should be noted that these are public broadcasting stations , which are funded by mandatory fees so as to guarantee their independence . 
  they arent independant though . 
  their boards are staffed by politicians or their lackies . 
  its quite noticeable that the political composition of the boards changes according to whos in the goverment at the time . 
  their budgets are also decided to some degree by politicians . 
  sure the money doesnt take a detour through the national budget , but its still controlled by politicians either way . 
  these broadcasters are as close to state tv as you can ever get without being reffered to as such . 
  its been done for a while afaik . 
  its also a very good policy . 
  if anything this should be done by more than 2 states and it should be communicated much more openly . 
  its a pretty good deterrent . 
  merkel is responsible for the current situation in germany . 
  sabotaging minimum wage to fix the problem she ignored and possibly caused would be insane . 
  any religious organisation outside of our legal reach should not be allowed to finance religous activities in europe . 
  get your priorities straight : religious organisation have to adapt to laws , not the other way around . 
  if the mormons cant adapt to new laws , its their problem . 
  mind you its not going to happen anyway , because we have too much fanatics and pointless `` conservatives '' in our goverment . 
  but it should happen and it would be right . 
  he is also still lecturing ee for not participating in this shit . 
  so dont get your hopes up , there really isnt a good politician left in germany . 
  i dont give a shit about these morons . 
  minimum wage is very good for social stability in germany . 
  we can not afford to sacrifice it on the altar of merkels ignorance . 
  also : minimum wage means migrants are forced to go through proper job training to get work rather than settle for exploiter jobs no german would touch . 
  it basically helps enforcing mandatory integration , which is good . 
  its not like thats a problem that could be easily fixed . 
  certainly easier and cheaper than integrating a million muslims . 
  since the vatican is in europe , no . 
  why would you ? 
  though especially in germany the church has way to much rights . 
  the state shouldnt collect taxes for them , i dont give a shit for the history reasons for it either . 
  what does that matter ? 
  if they cant found their activities from the local members , they are out of luck . 
  why ? 
  is it so bad of school serve a variety of meals that appeal to a broad spectrum of people ? 
  i couldnt care less if schools serve meals that fit muslim , vegetarian or even vegan diets .
