  for german universities , that typically means a bit more to the left and a bit more crazy about political correctness . 
  which basically explains this kind of incidents . 
  to be honest , some of these `` veils '' should just be illegal and are illegal in some countries as far as i know . 
  take this picture for example : http://www.limitstogrowth.org/web-graphics/burqachartpoll7muslimnationspew.jpg imo , the 2 most left options are unacceptable . 
  everything else is a matter of choice . 
   same with women working or staying at home , depending where you live you can be cast out by society for choosing either . 
  yeah thats not the same . 
  the consequences of not following these local preferences are next to none . 
  sure other mothers might dislike you for working/staying at home , but the influence on your life is minimal . 
  thats the core issue here : its not a choice if making the wrong decision basically ruins your life and causes your family to actually cast you out or your husband to divorce you . 
  but is it really a major realignment ? 
  who is poland going to align with ? 
  this sounds more like `` we are mad at you and we want you to know that we are mad so we had our chieftain say that we are mad '' barking dogs dont bite . 
  they dont want to do that because nobody would use their shitty sites anymore if they did . 
  thats the hilarious part about this : companies trying to get around the basic rules of the free market . 
  as opposed to say : use ads that arent annoying , dont track peoples every move and occasionally contain malware . 
  its probably raw desperation by the company execs to salvage their bad business model and make up for their own idiotic decisions . 
  and then you mute them and go grab a drink or take a break . 
  the point still stands : you cant be forced to watch ads . 
   but they 'd never be able to compete with western style innovation who said that ? 
  did you even read my post ? 
  i explicitly said china lacks good brands , not quality , not creativity or competence , brands . 
  it doesnt matter if chinese companies make perfect products , most costumers are monkeys and blindly buy brands . 
  you cant say that . 
  everybody knows the vodkas are going to march on kiev any day now !, 
  basically : china has no good brands and nobody is going to buy a chinese car unless its hilariously cheap . 
  some companies are expanding internationally , but it would take decades of work to get a decent reputation and sell even regularly priced cars . 
   as they can just move production to china , there is no way to keep this up . 
  yes there is . 
  in germany vw can afford to pay a factory worker with a common apprenticeship qualification 4-5k a month . 
  china isnt an option for these kind of jobs , in fact china is having a bit of trouble in recent years and companies are returning to europe . 
  welfare states are perfectly functional and will remain perfectly functional for the foreseeable future . 
   so the problem is with how the koran is interpreted yes  but this is n't to do with islam ? 
  no its quite simple : you cant fall back to a simple black and white mentality and say all muslims are bad . 
  doing so would be stupid and very , very bad for the west . 
  we need to find the exact sources of islamic terrorism . 
  chances are its mostly a combination of the saudis and similar groups funding radical preachers across the world and low education levels in some mena nations . 
  basically : as long as we allow the saudis to spread their medieval death cult ideology , there is no point in bombing groups like isis . 
  sure isis will fall just like al quaeda , but their financiers and supporters will ultimately just bankroll the next group . 
  eliminating organisations like isis or al quaeda is only useful to buy us time to get to the root of the problem . 
  yet its handeled like those groups were the root and everybody goes all `` mission accomplished '' when the real work would have to start at this point , not end . 
   if there is one good muslim then islam can not be the cause of terrorism . 
  its not about islam though , its about certain islamic cultures . 
  there are quite a few islamic nations that dont breed terrorists like crazy because of their culture . 
  our current issue with islamic terrorism goes back to the saudi financed radical wahabism and other extreme sects from the middle east . 
  well either that or i must have missed the countless south east asian suicide bomber muslims . 
  egypt is like pakistan , they play nice with the us for money , but dont actually give a shit most of the time . 
  israel likes to exist and sticks to the west for that reason alone . 
  turkey has its own agenda and isnt exactly reliable , the us even reminded turkey that the nato wont support them if they start to mess with russia . 
  they couldnt afford the ticket to syria . 
  and the green party got into parliaments for hugging trees , so what ? 
  single issue parties arent necessarily bad . 
  in fact they can be necessary if the establishment refuses to act on certain issues . 
  the greens grew into a serious party and left behind a lot of their fundameltalists and the pedo problems . 
  maybe the afd can grow into a serious party as well and leave behind their neonazi sympathizers . 
  wait i thought we do have a rule that you must post a translation ? 
  its one of the reasons why i havent posted any links yet because i am too lazy to translate it . 
  by getting educated people out of the country and hoping the rabble will keep breeding ? 
  well they were citizens , so certainly not refugees . 
  but maybe i should stop trying to reason with you , i 'd just embara * c * e myself . 
  `` they could have used encryption , they didnt , but its totaly possible that some day a terrorist will use encryption . '', 
  obviously by panicking and collectively blaming all muslims for whatever happens . 
  then get rid of a few more essential rights and maybe give the intelligence agencies that have failed to do their job so far more power until they finally get it right . 
   poland has assessed the risk yeah , right . 
  they totaly calculated the risk of increased terrorism , weighted it against the economic benefits of taking in refugees and decided not to do that . 
  they wouldnt just say `` nope , not our problem '' and be done with it . 
  but its an interesting contrast to the muslim panic we face right now . 
  can we get an explanation for this ? 
  i mean those numbers look kind of arbitrary . 
  pretty interesting . 
   seventy per cent of all deaths from terrorism in the west since 2006 were by lone wolf terrorists with the rest being unknown or group attacks by more than three attackers . 
   eighty per cent of deaths by lone wolf terrorists in the west were driven by right wing extremism , nationalism , anti- government sentiment and political extremism and other forms of supremacy . 
  so 56 % of the deaths caused by terrorism were non islamic lone wolf terrorism . 
   that their culture is shit , they are animals . 
  i hope you are not representative of your culture then . 
  because i 'd take a random syrian over you any day . 
  we tried that with you guys a while back , ended up being a huge pr mess . 
  how do you deport citizens that convert ? 
  because those are often the problem . 
  it is . 
  even the catholic church only grows in africa and south america these days . 
  why ? 
  because those regions are poor and people need * something * to get up in the morning and go about their life . 
  thats because we saw how the last 2-3 attempts worked out . 
  villepin is right , you cant kill an ideology with bullets . 
  you have to go the the source : what drives people into the arms of those terrorists and who lures them into such a medieval cult ? 
  it has nothing to do with dignity . 
  there is nobody to threaten us anymore . 
  russia is a joke . 
  they could do a lot of damage if they wanted to , but it would be completely suicidal and they would suffer hell of a lot more its quite simple : there is no person that would benefit from attacking europe . 
  even putin wouldnt gain anything . 
  he got his adventure in the ukraine , it already drains the increasingly limited ressources russia has . 
  its not even that different from you guys . 
  without china , the us could basically cut their military budget by 80 % and nothing bad would happen . 
   what 's supposed to be the facebook alternative/replacement , then ? 
  a replacement for the relevant parts of facebook would be whatsapp ( and similar aps ) even that isnt really necessary , regular mails and messages work for most people . 
  afaik facebook actually has a bit of a problem with getting kids on board these days . 
  its nothing special anymore when your grandma has a facebook account so a lot use more modern services . 
  shit talking doesnt work while you are begging for other peoples help . 
  i mean you already had to delete your post above which is actually pretty funny .
