  yes . 
  because they arent refuges if they were safe already , which is quite logical if you think about it . 
   if the responsible agencies use the german law to the full extent , willkommenskultur is over . 
  according to the current laws only people who enter germany without setting foot in a safe third country can qualify for asylum . 
  if they do that , merkel will simply have them replaced by somebody that follows the party line . 
  she doesnt even have to fire people , just assign them a different position . 
  so this will never happen . 
  since this wont ever happen . 
  yes . 
  thats not actually the point of any ( working ) democracy . 
  thats actually anarchy and most people really dont like it . 
  a democracy doesnt only give you rights , it also gives you duties . 
  some people like to forget that . 
  as i said , if you have more problem than you can handle , just figure out where to start and get going . 
  in this case , forcing them to register might be a good start . 
  which is weird , as i said germany has quite a few ways of forcing people to live a `` proper '' live . 
  for once school is mandatory , but there is also the option of paying the rent part of welfare directly from the authority to the landlord to make sure the money isnt used for anything but rent . 
  so it would be very hard to explain if german politicians would criticize similiar methods in ee . 
  thats a really weird excuse from your goverment though . 
  it doesnt matter if you have a thousand problem and cant solve them all at once , just pick one and go ahead . 
  start in one disctrict or whatever , but start . 
   they did n't attend any form of education so they ca n't find any jobs . 
  most of them dont know how to read or write . 
  since they do n't have these skills , they dont make their kids go to school either , they see it as pointless . 
  now , their kids are condemned to live like that . 
  that does seem like a decision though . 
  still strange that they are even allowed to live like that . 
  this wouldnt be possible in germany , school here is mandatory . 
  i mean they are basically 3rd world foreigners that happen to live within your borders . 
  they should be forced into proper living standards for their own good . 
  there is no point to give these people money . 
  what they need is education , either for themselves or at the very least for their children . 
  if thats costs money , so be it . 
  if this causes follow up costs , so be it . 
  but we shouldnt support living in a mud hut . 
  and i am fairly certain that this is not representative of the living condition of romania as a whole . 
  so , they basically decide to live like this ? 
  it seems weird . 
   but you know , opportunism usually involves taking the easy way . 
  not really . 
  opportunism is about using opportunities that present themselves . 
  such as suddenly being in the position of getting to live in a nice country that would never allow you to migrante under normal circumstances . 
  it doesnt even matter if they move for welfare or better salaries , its opportunism . 
  i mean we shouldnt blame them for using whatever option they have to advance their own interests . 
  but we shouldnt be afraid of using whatever options we have to protect our interests either . 
   they are looking for safety and some kind of perspective . 
  do you own a map ? 
  or do you need me to write up a list of save countries between turkey and sweden ? 
  and btw , this `` perspective '' you mention ? 
  thats precisely what opportunistic means . 
  dude . 
  europe can not take care of the worlds problems . 
  it is simply not possible . 
  so how about we help the migrants to survive and spend the rest of our quite limited ressources on developing europe ? 
   yes , but instead of some random flag they would see ours every day when having to fight for food . 
  they wont see any flag , and they will be free to leave . 
  the camps will be an option to survive and be safe until they can return to their homes . 
  and honestly : this is all we are obliged to give and all we can afford to give . 
  we cant take in millions of migrants and treat them to the standards we set for out own people . 
  we can evidently not safe the world . 
  there is no point to destroy ourself trying to do it . 
  at least the guy got lucky this time and cant be extradited . 
  fuck junker though , the guy is a parasite . 
  no shit , its not like all of those migrants own boats or swim to europe . 
  this was not a democratic election though . 
  just a few days before the election , opposition aligned media outlets were stormed and forced to set up akp friendly editors . 
  even the oecd found some manipulation . 
  this election was a farce . 
  since russia never tried to hide their efforts in syria , chances are it really is just wheat this time . 
  i mean once you send bombers there isnt much thats worth hiding in a wheat shipment anymore . 
  yeah because russia is totaly playing games in syria . 
  i mean you can hate them all you want , but they didnt hide much this time . 
  the news of russian troops moving in came only a week before the official announcement . 
  and afaik bombing only started after this . 
  probably low . 
  erdogans seems more interested in a putin style privately owned pseudo democracy . 
  that way he can be all smug about his democratic legitimation . 
  that has nothing to do with this though . 
  nobody has to change anything or come up with any new products . 
  companies will simply keep selling their product , only that its not quite as effective anymore . 
  demail didnt work because it was a stupid idea that nobody wanted . 
  people do seem to like iphones and i dont see them stop buying them because encryption sucks now . 
  lets just treat all migrants in europe the way they are treated in turkey . 
  that would actually instantly fix all problems with them . 
  i mean most would just die in the winter . 
  you can still sell it as encryption . 
  after all the people that voted this goverment into office probably dont know better . 
  if that disturbs you , dont think too hard about honey and wine gums . 
  hint : vomit and pork fat . 
  thats just wrong . 
  all car manufacturers abused the pathetic test standards , but only vw actively used cheating software . 
  you cant compare these things . 
   and i know , you probably think `` education for their kids , so entitled !, 
  '' , well if you do n't want those kids to grow up to be the next isis you better get them some damn education . 
  those kids growing up as refugees right now are going to be the generation which will have to rebuild syria and that is going to be damn difficult without a half decent education . 
  and then you realise that a lot of european nations struggle to make proper education affordable for their children . 
  this kind of `` but they suffer '' crap is just a really terrible argument all around . 
   according to my friend germany is very picky on selecting `` elite '' immigrants . 
  by elite i mean people who have at least a bachelor degree and transferable work skills , and fluent in german . 
  thats the actual issue .
