  also : merkel is way too hesitant to come forth with anything that you could label progressive . 
  so chances are the eu will stand still until germany gets a chancelor that actually wants the job . 
  south korea is actually working on a blue water navy . 
  but they already have vessels comparable to the mistral class and since they can build these ships locally , they wont import them . 
  japan has their `` helicopter destroyers '' , south korea has their dokdo class that fills the same role , taiwan , malaysia and the philipines are too small to operate mistrals . 
  france got screwed badly for trying to sell to 3rd parties , not sure if they want to try again . 
  also : those ships are basically light carriers . 
  there arent much nations that have the money to buy and operate ships like these . 
  you need to have a sizeable navy to protect them and their main purpose is power projection . 
  nobody will spend a billion on a ship that is only used for disaster relief every few years . 
  so who would even want ships like these ? 
  brazil ? 
  india ? 
  saudi arabia ? 
  just doesnt seem all that likely . 
  meh i believe it once money has changed hands . 
  these ships are highly specialised and way to expensive for most nations in europe . 
  its too late for that , you already joined * our * new empire . 
  you just dont know it yet . 
  yes `` we '' are . 
  the preinstalled browsers actually made a huge difference . 
  afaik the use of ie dropped a lot once ms had to offer other browsers because of things like large corporate networks and whatnot . 
  internet isnt a niche tool anymore , its used by a lot of people that have zero clue . 
  if their os has a browser `` build in '' or offers them some handy apps for certain things , they will just use those and never think about it again . 
  because google cant be allowed to abuse its dominating position in the market for mobile os to push its own apps . 
  its the same with microsoft . 
  they cant be allowed to abuse their position in the os market to force ie onto everybody . 
  what would the other 2 be ? 
  heat management and ? 
  so we got the navigational deflector already . 
  eta for warpdrive and shields ? 
  that would most likely be calculated with american `` beer '' . 
  i dont think anybody in europe really gives a damn about how much * budweiser * they could afford . 
  no , but if a corporation wants to be able to run their business in germany they will have to play by the rules . 
  german rules . 
  not really , its just a field test for the polymer technology . 
  but if we get lucky , we 'll get 5 euro coins soon anyway . 
  a corporation is an economic/legal tool that has a certain role in the economic system we currently use in the west . 
  and nothing more . 
  no its not . 
  because if this argument would be true , you 'd get a corporate dictatorship really fast . 
  the salary and wealth of 1 million people is worth less than the human rights of 1 person . 
  or at least , it should be . 
  simply put , the rights of natural persons are supposed to be more important than the rights of legal persons . 
  guess google thinks otherwise . 
  not really . 
  or rather , they are not sufficiently worried to actually do something about it . 
  which basically means they dont care , words are cheap and all that . 
  the only reason she is still in office is that she crushed the competition within her own party and the spd has no relevant and competent people at all . 
  merkel was also credited with the economic improvements during the last decade even though a lot of this was based on schroeders massively unpopular reforms . 
  because everybody pays taxes and its a matter of scale . 
  cutting the salary of a very , very small group of people doesnt have this kind of impact . 
  mind you i agree that he was right to cut these salaries , but there is always the possibility that he used his power over their salaries to get them to cooperate . 
  thats the issue and the most likely reason he was overruled . 
  because there was the possibility him abusing his power . 
  keep your russian minority in check and pray . 
  but also : i dont see finnland get rolled over as easy as the ukraine . 
  i mean your military is surely able to do something with a nation ( half ) full of conscripts , right ? 
  forcing 100 % of the population into this crap rather than 50 % means more annoyed people that want to get rid of this 5 to 10 years later . 
  but russia doesnt have that much options left . 
  they dont actually want the ukraine . 
  they cant roll over the baltics as easy because nato . 
  the only other nation at the russian border would be belarus , and nobody in the west would shed a tear if lukashenko bites the dust . 
  russia is gone at this point . 
  putin had his propaganda running long before the sanctions . 
  at some point you have to say fuck it and make them pay the bill for their shit . 
  even if they are just forcefed putins propaganda 24/7 . 
  no , i am saying that the us were able to spend a lot of money they made out of nowhere or got loaned at conditions that are not strictly based on economic indices because of the us unique position in the world . 
  and yes the ability to make money or take basically unlimited loans at favorable conditions is very useful to get out of an economic crisis . 
  the us system works only because they can create money out of nowhere . 
  that is not the case for almost every other country in the world . 
  i really wish you 'd be fined 300 euro , mate . 
  russia is , at least on paper , a democracy . 
  whats your excuse for selling military aircraft to an outright dictatorship like saudi arabia ? 
  all kinds of companies make deal with dictators every day . 
  hell germany sells tanks to saudi arabia , those guys arent any better than the iran . 
  there is a big difference between defending borders and bombing other nations for political convenience . 
  yeah its quite important that we can say no if some right wing morons want to bomb another country into freedom and democracy again . 
  because as a matter of fact , it hasnt produced any good results so far . 
  basically : small dogs make more noise . 
  he is either a complete moron , or he did this for pr . 
  really not sure what i 'd bet on . 
  its not like we probe every chancelor nowdays to check if they are secretly a nazis . 
  inaction is bad , there are quite a few things that should be discussed and worked on and merkel does nothing . 
  she might make a good bureaucrat , but her position needs a little more motivation and a little more foresight . 
  merkel is either not interested in actually doing things or , more likely , crippled by the fear of failing . 
  she doesnt make a move unless she knows its going to work . 
  she isnt willing to take even the slightest risk to get something done . 
  well he is wrong . 
  people in germany dont use violence as fast because life is pretty good here . 
  a dictator that can do whatever he wants is obviously going to cause tensions and violence in the population . 
  i mean speaking your mind is just as likely to get you into a cell as throwing a rock . 
  the spd ( 2nd most popular party ) recently had a `` discussion '' if its worth nominating an actual candidate at all . 
  so no , its basically a merkel show . 
  but were people really so unused to managing money/their assets ? 
  my parents lived in the gdr and were quite savvy when it came to managing their money and things like loans after the reunification . 
  seems weird that this would be such a widespread problem in russia . 
  wow these people are naive . 
  how can you take a loan without knowing who exactly gave it to you ? 
  meh i have no pity for idiots .
