  they take pride in their shallowness . 
  no it wouldnt be lol . 
  russia isnt a superpower anymore , but they would crush the ukrainian military if they would go all in . 
  it would probably take all european nato members to push back a serious russian assault . 
  russia didnt fly thousands of airstrikes against the ukraine at the very least . 
  without airstrikes and missile bombardment , the iraq war would have been a lot messier . 
  this isnt a ukraine vs russia war . 
  this is a bunch of russians without direct support like airstrikes fighting against the ukraine . 
  if russia wanted a real war , it 'd be days until they take kiev . 
  russia has no actual interest in taking the ukraine . 
  lybia was an operation started by france the the uk i think . 
  plus isis . 
  afaik isis was founded by a bunch of people that met in an iraqi prison . 
  supporting the rebels/terrorist in syria that ended up destabilising the country didnt help either . 
  so you guys can go ahead and discuss who takes these people with your friends in the uk , spain and poland . 
  gl with that . 
  they sure did exert their dominance like a dog . 
  really an ambitious bunch . 
  its right here just fill out this form ... and the other stack of forms over there . 
  the wonderfully patriotic mother most likely voted for this `` cunt '' . 
  some people just dig their own graves . 
  yeah its pretty funny that she probably did this solely for attention and it works out . 
  spiegel online at its best . 
  she isnt just fed up paying rent . 
  she merely had to travel a lot between her own home , her university and her boyfriends place . 
  to be fair , soldiers know what they are signing up for . 
  you can thank the us ( and your goverment ) for ruining the image of soldiers in the last 14 years . 
  you arent feeding anybody unless you own or pay for the food . 
  then again this news is kind of irrelevant . 
   existance itt imbeciles try to talk up to their betters . 
  israel might be less creepy . 
  but while relations with iran are improving , relations with israel will only get worse with every new settlement . 
  you realise that especially the refugees from syria are often middle class families that simply booked a hotel in turkey before taking a boat ? 
  they might need asylum , but they arent all poor . 
  hell there were quite a few articles on spiegel about the fact that one of the main problems of these people is that the greek hotels and supermarkets on kos simply refuse to serve them because they are from syria . 
  they can actually afford hotels , but arent allowed to rent a hotel room . 
  practical experience says otherwise . 
  if its an issue for you that chocolate prices are too high , chances are you dont need asylum anyway . 
  fighting populism with populism huh ? 
  lets discuss this by posting pictures of crying children from all sides and decide who is right by voting on who looks more fucked up . 
  because this post was pure hate speech and you would get punished for saying these things in a situation where you can be held accountable . 
  but i guess calling people cavemen , morons and terrorists is a good way to have a civilised debate where you come from . 
  the point is that you shouldnt treat it like something mythical . 
  glorifying wars into some sort of clash of fate is dumb and doesnt do anything . 
  this isnt butterfly effect , the world would keep spinning without these things happening . 
  if anything we should take a closer look at it and figure out what went wrong ( hint : a lot ) . 
  all it set in motion was an unprecedented killingspree by a deluded us military and a bunch of equally deluded friends . 
  talking about it like it was some sort of historical event that changed the destiny of mankind is dumb . 
  it was a bunch of humans being racist assholes and making the rest of the world suffer for it . 
  doesnt matter if they like it . 
  you bomb a nation to shit , you are responsible for whatever happens to them . 
  the proper way of doing this would have been to either not bomb them to begin with , or just go all in . 
  send eu troops for peacekeeping , for at the very least 30 years . 
  rebuild the whole place from 0 . 
  no elections , just infrastructure and education until you get rid of the tribes . 
  after a few decades you can try to start low level elections again . 
  the eu didnt do either so its our problem , just like the us are responsible for afghanistan and iraq . 
  yes sure , back in the day kids werent a problem . 
  after all the wives would shut up , dont think about getting a job at all and just press out babies and take care of them . 
  thats not really an option anymore . 
  meanwhile , making sure people can support both a carreer and a family is a practical way of improving birth rates . 
  and i personally know people that struggle to do that because they simply cant find a place for their kids . 
  our problem is that some people had to bomb lybia and iraq . 
  bombing lybia removed one of the few semi reliable partners we had that would have allowed an `` australian solution '' . 
  bombing iraq and supporting syrian rebels basically led to isis . 
  tl : dr stop messsing with random goverments you dont like and there will be hell of a lot less refugees . 
  i am talking about the fact that there arent nearly enough kindergartens and horts . 
  for example , take a look at this : http://www.statistikportal.de/statistik-portal/kita_regional.pdf, 
  no they cant . 
  not with the current style of goverment . 
  maternity/paternity leave doesnt mean much . 
  the most important thing is having a nursery that allows you to work . 
  it doesnt matter if you cant work for one year , even without maternity/paternity leave . 
  it does matter if you cant work properly for 5-10 years because you cant afford/find somebody to take care of your child in the morning . 
  its the other way around . 
  there isnt enough support for parents to have children and a job . 
  so people have to make a decision , most chose money . 
  for once germany didnt participate in iraq , afaik uk , france , spain and poland send the most troops to iraq . 
  aaaaaaaaand we found the commercials we 're going to run on the balkan . 
  thank you for your participation . 
  absolutely not , i can deal with syrians , but bavarians and yodeling is too much . 
  germany cant handle this much weirdness . 
  sure that works at the moment . 
  but tell me , why should germany take a single refugee from syria or iraq right now ? 
  we didnt cause this , ist quite frankly not our problem . 
  i say we send every single one of those refugees to the countries that participated in these wars , especially in iraq . 
  because surely we dont have to pay the bills for other nations stupidity . 
  or do we ? 
  most , if not all of these operations outside europe are minor peacekeeping operations . 
  sending 500 soldiers to help train local goverment troops is slightly different from sending 200.000 to bomb the local goverment out of office . 
  the latter would have to be completely ruled out if a hypothetical eu army is meant to be practical . 
  if the uk ever wants back they will be ridiculed for it and all special benefits like lower contributions will be gone . 
  geopolitical power mostly comes from the willingness to deploy to enforce your interests even far away from your actual territory . 
  there will never be an eu army that focuses on power projection . 
  thats actually wrong . 
  if anything the eu parliament and only the eu parliament should be in charge . 
  if the parliament says roll out , the military comand structure can take care of the details . 
  its simple , make it a strictly defensive org with very specific reasons to go to war . 
  most notably , limit all operations to direct border states and members . 
  if the definition is sufficiently narrow , you can get away with a simple majority vote for operations .
