  i will not trust a traitor like merkel to do the right thing for our future when it comes to ttip . 
  its a damn shame that we have to rely on other eu nations and the eu parliament because our own goverment are spineless idiots . 
  if merkel accepts nsa espionage because its the comfortable thing to do , why do you think would she even care about not signing ttip even if it were bad for europe ? 
  hint : she wouldnt . 
  ttip could be the end of europe and merkel would sign it like the us bitch she is . 
  `` you see , you dont just come to russia , syrian friend . 
  so russia has decided to come to you now . '', 
  probably more efficient than using them as living batteries . 
  at least migrants are a renewable resource these days . 
  you are considered eastern europeans in germany too . 
  get used to it . 
   the sad fact is that this town is facing quite the emergency and all other options ( building new housing , renting existing flats from private owners/companies ) are not possible due to time and cost constraints or even because the flat owner would not want refugees to live there . 
  just relay this information to the next level above the town and tell them they can not host these refugees . 
  its certainly better than this . 
  also : i am pretty sure this is illegal because this specific law to protect tenants doesnt know this kind of emergency . 
  i can only hope the tenant brings this to court . 
  he is allowed to apply for a job . 
  if the employer can not find a eu citizen for the job , he can actually get it . 
  if a eu citizen can be found for the job , i dont see any reason why a refugee should get it . 
  after 15 months in germany , he will be allowed to take jobs like everybody else . 
  its really not that bad , all things considered . 
  so how angry can a couple of drunken englishmen possibly get if i call their chips , chips ? 
  shhhh , we know they overheat after about 5 shots . 
  we sell them to the saudis as peace making effort . 
  dont tell anybody . 
  that really doesnt matter . 
  you cant just take controll of property to make up for the failure of politicians . 
  this is not a force majeur , this is incompetence . 
  the politicians responsible should be punished for this shit , but obviously wont . 
  every single person that is homeless in germany choses to be homeless . 
  you are guaranteed to get a home , paid by welfare , if you want to . 
  some people are alcoholics or otherwise addicted and use the money they get for rent to fuel their addiction , but even then there are programs for that too . 
  its really fucking hard to be homeless in germany . 
  if you want a home , you have a home . 
  its stupid because it sets a precedent for people losing control of their property for refugees . 
  this will cause a lot of hatred towards these refugees . 
  its also stupid because our own goverment invites people , yet somehow cant manage them . 
  forcing people to rent their property out to refugees because of goverment incompetence is ridiculous . 
  especially because these incompetent morons that caused this will not get punished in any way for such a drastic violation of rights . 
  your problem is that you treat capitalism like a religion . 
  its not . 
  capitalism is a tool , its a useful tool for a lot of situations , but not for every situation . 
  a proper approach is picking the right tool for the right situation , rather than glorifying a toolbox and throwing out everything else . 
  in this situation , properly fighting corruption and corporate bullshitting requires some decidedly uncapitalistic tools . 
  its called speculation for a reason . 
  i dont think anybody will shed a tear if these apartments drop like a brick . 
  not sure if the owners want to use the flat , but they should be able to move in and kick out the refugees at any time . 
  this should be the legal base for that : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/eigenbedarf_%28mietrecht%29 basically : an owner can kick out tenants if they need the space themselves . 
  and yes they will be compensated for damages . 
  just like every owner of a house will get compensated if his tenants trash the place . 
  they want to seize empty high class flats . 
  basically somebodies 3rd home they dont really use most of the time . 
  its pretty stupid and it will cause a lot of hatred for the refugees , but i guess thats the shit you have to do if you invite people . 
  its pretty dumb all things considered . 
  also : the owners will recieve rent for this . 
  the whole point of this action is that these flats are * empty * . 
  its still stupid , but nobody gets kicked anywhere for this . 
  the owners also get paid for their trouble . 
  thats irrelevant , we sold them a license to do so . 
  pretty sure the smoking issue is mostly limited to eastern europe these days . 
  at least in my social circles , very few people smoke , even compared to 5-10 years ago . 
  can confirm overweight though , sorry :(, 
  afaik , the deal was stopped by the minister that would have to approve it . 
  though i cant find much sources on that right now . 
  anyway , the deal certainly should have been stopped , the saudis are fucking terrorist . 
  it is yet another example that corporations fundamentally cant be trusted and need to be kept at a tight leash . 
  the only reason vw is actually getting punished for their shit is because the us have some influential agencies that can punish corporations quite hard for fuckups . 
  if the agency that lead the investigation would be toothless , none of this would have ever reached the public . 
   ( the politicians surely got paid by vw for that , heh ? ), 
  no need to bribe , a german state owns 20 % of vw . 
  thats obviously going to create lets say complex loyalties . 
  its a long way from left wing to `` treat meat eaters like smokers '' . 
  now the headline seems to be fake anyway , but it would be nuts to say that . 
  the main issue is afaik eating `` hidden '' fats and suggar . 
  i dont think that cooking a meal with a steak , potatoes and beans or something like that is unhealthy . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  the goverment was aware of software with the goal of detecting fuel consumption test . 
  so , there was no proof that this software works , no proof that its used widely and no proof that the ability to detect these test lead to manipulation of these test . 
  this might blow up in a lot of peoples faces if more evidence pops up . 
  but this alone means basically nothing . 
  communists could also randomly shoot people in the face to enforce their agenda . 
  mind you doing it like this has certain advantages , but it gets really awkward once you have to explain that in front of an objective court . 
  but i agree with you that we should execute christians in the streets . 
  go do your part , comrade . 
  unfortunately , religions tend to do well when persecuted . 
  its also a bit of a dick move to persecute people for their beliefs . 
  so how about live and let live ? 
  its quite simple . 
  a military dictatorship will blow up sooner or later . 
  egypt in particular had such a dictator until not too long ago and was praised when people rose up against him . 
  you 've got to be seriously fucked up to think that sisi is any better than basically every other military dictatorship out there . 
  this is an engine control software . 
  it has next to nothing to do with vws retarded manipulation . 
  you are trying to ban hammers world wide because a hammer was used to build the airplanes that flew into the wtc . 
  its the other way around . 
  people arent syrian unless they can prove it . 
  its not just trimlines . 
  afaik sometimes parts like suspensions and undercarriage are different . 
  you wont cut prices down this much compared to europe just because the trimlines are different . 
  vw still produces much cheaper cars for the us market than for the european market .
