  yeah sure its whataboutism , but realistically : being , on paper , allied with turkey isnt all that bad . 
  as far as morals go , i would rate turkey only marginally worse than the us . 
  and still quite far ahead of charming friends of ours like saudi arabia and arguably , even china . 
  and even then the stupid foreigners dont get it done right . 
  people brutalized by proper american cops dont get to walk away from it . 
  these turks are amateurs . 
  quite literally on popular demand . 
  turkey gets what it deserves . 
   and it would require the 27 to be dumb enough to open hand of its defense in favor of a foreign force . 
  which of these 27 countries can defend itself against russia on its own ? 
  because if they cant , their defense is already in the hands of a foreign force . 
  one eu army would be significantly more efficient than 27 eu armies . 
  the only reason the eu isnt a military super power with the existing budgets already is that we have split budgets , split procurement and split command structures . 
  an eu based integration of military forces can ease and potentially solve all of these problems and therefore save money and increase the capability of our military , in theory of course . 
  there is no shortage of funding at all . 
  the only country we have to worry about is russia , and russia has a significantly lower defense budget than the eu combined . 
  as such , all we need is to make sure the budget is used effectively and the various budgets are integrated well enough to actually work as a unit if they need to . 
  according to wikipedia , facebook had a revenue of 27b and a net income of 10b in 2016 . 
  since the fine is meant to be 1 % , it certainly looks like its based on net income , profits essentially . 
  gluten free diets are unnecessary and might in fact be bad for you if you arent allergic or anything to it . 
  gluten isnt actually unhealthy . 
  companies have much stricter documentation requirements than individuals . 
  and yes companies are already liable for things that you can get away with for free in a lot of cases . 
  makes politicians feel better about themselves . 
  `` punish '' is a big word for tickling facebook a little . 
  because you dont get to write off your costs . 
  a companies net income is comparable to your annual savings , essentially the money you have left after `` operational '' expenses . 
  i dont think so . 
  indices went up after trumps election because of a widespread deregulation boner . 
  this drop is just a correction . 
  i think the general impression is that because the us are larger/more powerful/very bigly , obama tried to leverage some sort of superior position . 
  basically : it was meant as an endorsement , but it came across as an order . 
  it says so in the second paragraph . 
  it already happened last year . 
  they only double the fine now . 
  pretty sure this only applies until the uk is actually out . 
  once they are , they can apply the existing framework to eu workers as well . 
  alright , let me put it this way : if solidarity and adherence to eu rules is suddenly not enforced anymore , why should germany continue to pay for the eu budget ? 
  if rules become recommendations , we could simply ignore rules that are annoying for us as well . 
  just let everybody do whatever they want , muh sovereignity and all . 
  we havent made it clear at all . 
  nobody gives a shit what you say , people look at how you act . 
  we acted in a way that rewards illegal entry and smuggling with welfare and a perspective for german citizenship . 
  the question is : how far are you willing to go for that ? 
  because this is a matter of solidarity . 
  if you bail out on the eu on this matter , other eu nations will start cherry picking eu regulations and commitments . 
  once this starts , the eu is done . 
  mind you i was against merkels migrant/refugee policies because they are hilariously inept and utterly stupid . 
  but still : is poland willing to split the eu and maybe leave the eu over this issue ? 
  the last round of bailouts wasnt meant to solve problems , it was meant to delay them . 
  most politicians are only in office for 5-10 years . 
  1-2 rounds of bailouts typically make a current problem , somebody else problem . 
  there is no support for a full scale debt cut , and the imf wont support this mess for much longer . 
  so at the end of the day the delays are only useful to humiliate greece and force a grexit . 
  on top of randomly burning a couple of billions per year . 
  the politicians agreeing to these delay - `` bailouts '' are simply afraid to say so . 
  what did you expect would happen ? 
  magic money fountains ? 
  your problems will not be solved in brussels . 
  if you ever want to get out of this mess , find a domestic solution . 
   how exactly do you propose greece prevent these airplanes leaving its airspace again ? 
  offer them asylum . 
  if you attack the embassy personell , even if self defense , the police would gun you down like a dog . 
  what is the eu supposed to do ? 
  you want to stop incursion into your airspace ? 
  make sure these jets dont leave your airspace again after doing so . 
  erdogan doesnt care who signs the concerned letters he throws into the trash . 
  but we have more than enough examples of appeasing autocrats , i dont think it has ever worked . 
  imo , the one flaw that will kill the eu is not standing up for the things its supposed to stand for . 
  if we tolerate autocrats and dictators in the eu , there will be more of them in the future . 
  huxit is that way -  you will probably be much happier as a member of the glorious eurasian economic union, 
  i hate to say it , but the eu owes you nothing . 
  its up to you to fix your country , both for you own sake and to actually meet eu standards . 
  if you cant do that , the eu has no obligation to play nice to prevent your country from leaving . 
  if your populations lets orban trick them into an us vs them mentality because of justified and correct critique from the eu , well sucks to be hungarian i guess ? 
  if they were elected by an election process that isnt actually democratic , yes . 
  its a conflict of interests . 
  his office requires him to defend his national interests against russian national interests . 
  his ownership stake in the factory requires him not to become a persona non grata in russia , which might compell him to go easy on russia . 
  this isnt rocket science . 
   from their own words , western interventionism is just secondary on their shitlist on why they do what they do but that doesnt matter . 
  there are always nutjobs . 
  in every country . 
  their ideology and stated goals mean absolutely nothing . 
  if the middle east would be more stable , there would be less terrorists . 
  thats all that matters . 
  considering that they can never do this on their own and are quite dependant on western support , they should care . 
  western support is dependant on whether or not the ukraine is worth supporting , which is largely determined by how corrupt they are . 
  right now the answer to that isnt exactly clear . 
  the moment that the ukraine becomes a corrupt shithole , we have no more reason to support them . 
  at that point its just two worthless regimes screwing with eachother . 
  the ban is fine . 
  but you cant ban russian services for `` security '' reasons , and then allow your president to own businesses in russia . 
  ( if thats true ) that just smells like your goverment is only willing to restrict everybody else in the name of national security , while maintaining and protecting their own interest over national security . 
  this isnt about freedom of speech then , its about corruption . 
  doesnt make your country look any better to be honest . 
  never going to happen . 
  the nato is perfectly fine with autocrats and dictators . 
  its just a tool for us foreign policy these days . 
  and they love to have their fingers in every pie .
