  you can use nukes without committing collective suicide . 
  and what else does russia have ? 
  nigeria is growing and one of the larger nations in the region . 
  its very possible that it develops into a regional power over the course of the next 50 years . 
  population is one of the most important factors for political and economic power after all . 
   as syria shows , russia can still project military power any time it is willing to do so true , but i wouldnt be so sure if russia will be able to deploy forces like this in 30-50 years . 
  which is what my original post was about . 
  it also wasnt the most impressive of deployements . 
  what does that have to do with my post at all ? 
  the last us civil war was quite some time ago . 
  i also didnt say that i mind the us stance , you can book it as realpolitik if you like . 
  not sure if you noticed , but russia is not a global power even right now . 
  nukes arent good for anything but collective suicide and a seat on the unsc . 
  there is a reason the only countries that are afraid of russia are less than a thousand kilometer away from its borders . 
  russia is still a major threat to its smaller neighbours , but thats about it . 
  russia wont be relevant even in a multi polar world . 
  chances are that after the next few decades , india , brazil and maybe even indonesia and nigeria will be more important than russia . 
  russia is just poverty , oil and nukes . 
   yet to get that stability he is demanding the uk accepts things the us never would : unrestricted immigration from much poorer neighbours and international courts overruling domestic law . 
  the us also accept the medieval death cult that is saudi arabia as an ally for the sake of stability . 
  they really dont give any fucks about details or morals . 
  they just want stability no matter the cost . 
  international law is usually very vague and means very little . 
  i can assure you its possible to seperate these `` couples '' , you just have to get it right and prepare some legal arguments . 
  joke 's on you , starbucks doesnt really pay taxes anywhere . 
   so what gives here ? 
  german politicians like to suck us dick . 
  and as i said above , on top of being the correct decision , it was also the decision that wouldnt anger erdogan . 
  chances are thats just as , if not more important for merkel . 
  why is that so ? 
  the transaction seems irrelevant . 
  well yes it is . 
  but it also happens to be the right decision . 
  its not merkels job to decide whether or not somebody is guilty . 
  so she lets the courts that are supposed to make this kind of decision make the decision . 
  thats how its supposed to work . 
  its actually going to be a much more powerful message if a court decides b\u00f6hmermann is not guilty . 
  because this will set a precedent that erdogan can officially go fuck himself . 
  a court decision has much more weight than a backroom decision by merkel . 
  it will actually give satirist a legal base of whats allowed and allow them to fire away . 
  they wont have to make satire at the whims of merkel , they can cite the courts decision and the law for their case . 
  indecisiveness is a bitch . 
  nasty decisions dont magically go away if you delay them . 
  too bad a lot of politicians can get away with not doing their duty . 
  its not really `` another '' crisis . 
  its just the old crisis coming around again . 
  i must insist they try the * bratwurst * !, 
  yeah the lack of a unified library and increasingly more exclusives on netflix and amazon make netflix obsolete . 
  afaik the company is struggling at the moment . 
  maybe the whole thing wont work out for them . 
  honestly , `` norway status '' is probably the best deal that is at all possible in case of a brexit . 
  what do i do when they flee into an enclosed area ? 
  what am i supposed to do if they leave for the synagogue ? 
  the eu doesnt really need turkey . 
  if anything it would be better for the eus long term development if we would be forced to deal with all of those migrants ourselves . 
  the eu doesnt want to get rid of android , they want google to stop using it to push a lot of their other products and services . 
  revenue isnt profit . 
  margins might be shit and ~ 2 % of their revenue might be a huge deal for them . 
  not really , the guy is a moron and probably bad pr for his party . 
  the production quality and the look of the potential buyers doesnt feel right for something recorded with `` hidden '' cameras . 
  i think the turkish goverment doesnt really care very much about educating people on this topic . 
   so you 're using a hypothetical situation where gaddafi wins the war with his magic rusty cold war mig 's to justify everything happening to europe currently ? 
  no he doesnt . 
  but he is correct that being able to bomb the rebels might have made a difference . 
  in case you didnt notice , russian jets made the difference in syria and more or less salvaged the impotent regime . 
  because the reinheitsgebot is an important selling point of german beer and a good marketing argument . 
  it helps to distinguish german beer from other beers and especially that sugarpiss that sells as beer in some countries . 
  even from a purely economic point of view : it would be stupid to get rid of the reinheitsgebot . 
  its quite obvious why this isnt popular with the companies selling sugar piss . 
  * biermixgetr\u00e4nk * works much better . 
  well he cheated his way out of a sentence . 
  its not nice , but it would be weird to refuse funding because a member of an organization has a criminal past . 
  that would open the door to all kinds of favouritism and corruption . 
   so we should not grant asylum to those that legitimately have a claim to it either ? 
  so how many asylum applicants ca we take ? 
  because africa will produce hundreds of millions of people in the next century . 
  tried that 3 times , failed 3 times . 
  how often do we have to try and fail before you realize this isnt going to work ? 
  i really dont get why these small companies are so desperate to get rid of the reinheitsgebot . 
  you can brew and sell whatever you want , you just have to figure out a different name . 
  securing peace and prosperity in europe . 
  we are not responsible for the wealth and health of the mena populations . 
  these particular people took a rather extreme risk and it backfired . 
  their problem . 
  why do we have to work on a solution for this ? 
  europe cant save the world . 
  we could simply alter out laws to reduce acceptance rates . 
  a lot of countries take next to no refugees and nobody cares . 
  still , we might not need turkey as much if more people come directly from africa . 
  its only worth paying the little sultan in ankara if doing so actually gets rid of the refugee problem . 
  once this isnt the case anymore , we have no reason to entertain him anymore and can cut him lose . 
  its a bit of an abstract problem . 
  and since most oganizations that are trigger happy about discrimination lawsuits probably dont care much about discrimination against men , it might take some time . 
  discrimination . 
  education doesnt always prevent stupidity . 
  ultimately : even university education is only a very specialized craft . 
  you can be the greatest in your field of work and still stupid as fuck . 
  thats just wrong all around . 
  just go ask an us citizen with german/irish/italian ancestors if they feel at home in their ancestral homes . 
  spoiler : most wont .
