  we do that by not giving them any long term perspective in europe . 
  no welfare , no naturalization , no option to build themselves a regular life . 
  if they want safety , camps can provide that . 
  if they want money , they can get the hell out . 
   that would just be a ferry service with officers who have guns . 
  not really . 
  as the post you quoted said , we need eu founded camps in greece and italy . 
  we need to force all migrants to register in the first eu country they enter , without making this nation responsible for paying the bills alone . 
  eu founded camps , run by frontex and used for mandatory registration in coastal eu nations would be a huge step forward . 
  it would take away pressure from greece , it would provide an eu level base organisation that can be used for further eu level migrant policies , it would take away the motivation for economic migrants ( they cant just walk through europe unregistered until they get fat welfare ) and it would still provide actual refugees with the safety they came for . 
  remember : these migrants dont just come to europe randomly . 
  they have clear expectations and if we can take away the base for all unrealistic expectations , their numbers will reduce . 
  in fact , thats the only possible way . 
  you can pay turkey to shoot migrants if you dont want to do it yourself . 
  but the flow of migrants wont stop until we remove the incentive for them to come to europe . 
  having turkish soldiers rather than greece ones shoot migrants isnt progress at all . 
  self driving cars dont pay money into the welfare and pension system . 
   it 's a constant flux of immigrants arriving . 
  you solve the current batch of immigrants and others will arrive . 
  nobody says france has to accept them . 
  just process them and deport if thats what you want . 
  its certainly better than letting them rot in this `` camp '' . 
  this camp is most likely already a no go zone for the police . 
  if its not taken care of , it will become a haven for criminals . 
   calais is the result of schengen sadly . 
  calais is the result of french incompetence . 
  those arent millions of people . 
  it shouldnt be more than a few thousands i guess ? 
  france is perfectly capable of processing a few thousand migrants , whatever the result may be . 
  they simply decide not to and let them rot , hoping that few make it to uk so its not a french problem anymore . 
  its quite ridiculous and i really cant imagine something like this to happen anywhere else in europe . 
  well i hope so at least . 
   i doubt that this is possible so easily . 
  i dont have an example at hand , but it is very much possible . 
  in fact , german law allows regular people to arrest criminals on the spot if they witness a crime and the criminal cant be identified . 
  the means of arresting people like that have to be appropriate , but restraining somebody for sexual assault should be acceptable , shooting a thief probably wouldnt be . 
  https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/festnahme#jedermann-festnahme the police can also arrest people if there are exigent circumstances ( * gefahr im verzug * ) , which should have been the case in cologne or if there is the risk that the person could escape identification . 
  again , this was probably the case in cologne . 
  call for reinforcements and invite the entire group to the police station for a night . 
  register everybody and take pictures . 
  this should go a long way of identifying the attackers . 
  and even that would be only playing around . 
  the real question is why this happened and what made these people do it ? 
  if the attackers were in fact migrants or other noncitizens , just flat out deport them and think about why they were let in in the first place and how we can avoid getting this kind of visitors in the future . 
   what should the police do ? 
  put them all in jail , just in case ? 
  actually , this is afaik done sometimes . 
  throw them all into jail for a night to sort out what happened . 
  i guess its kind of an end of the line move for the police , but still . 
   arrests are unlikely , because it will be hard to prove the individual crimes , as the attacks happend out of a crowd of people and there is no photo/video evidence and the victims will have a hard time identifying the individual perpetrators . 
  it still amazes me how nobody that was around or even got attacked/robbed took any pictures . 
  i mean it was nye , and just about everybody has a smartphone anyway . 
  that was a situation where any picture at all would have been super useful . 
  its also a lot less than rape , which is the point . 
  i have not seen any news source report any rapes , neither have i heard of any rapes from people living in cologne . 
  because they hate eachother and kill eachother indiscriminately . 
  it doesnt matter if some factions have noble goals if they pursue those goals like terrorists and war criminals . 
  if there would be the political will to implement any eu level migrant policy , we wouldnt have this problem . 
   stop it . 
  it was a gang of men sexually assaulting and raping women . 
  averages literally mean nothing in this accord . 
  oh shut the fuck up already . 
  nobody was raped in cologne . 
  yes some women were harassed , but thats very far away from rape . 
  thats how a democracy with a legal system that places the burden of proof on the persecuters works , yes . 
  you cant arrest people until they have done something illegal , shocking isnt it ? 
   except those two groups are something you made up and not reality . 
  no , thats how radicals recruit people into their bullshit ideologies all over the world right now . 
  they find people that are dismissed , discriminated or diminished by others , then tell them they mustnt be ashamed of what they are , etc. 
  they offer understanding and slowly pull those people into their crappy cult . 
  thats a very basic recruiting mechanism for any ideology . 
  simple , judge people by things that matter : words and actions . 
  a muslim isnt an automatic threat , a muslim that listens to radical preachers and tells others that charlie hebdo had it comming probably is . 
  it divides society into 2 groups , the west and the muslims . 
  this means the good muslims are stuck on the same side as the terrorists . 
  this is basically every islamist preachers dream . 
  a large number of discriminated muslims that are treated badly by the west and seen as inferior for being muslims . 
  i mean there are a lot of things that are considered offensive that really shouldnt be , muhammad caricatures for example . 
  but that doesnt mean islam in general is a problem . 
  if anything the culture in the middle east and the radical islam sa promotes are the problem . 
   the fact that you call self defense against a mob of violent humans `` murder '' says all we need to know on the subject . 
  killing somebody whos worst crime is groping a woman or possibly stealing is not appropriate . 
  you cant just go from 0 to 100 force randomly . 
  you are free to defend yourself . 
  shooting unarmed people is far beyond self defense and would get you into jail . 
  if you are harassed like this or you see a woman harassed like this , by all means defend yourself . 
  floor the attacker , send them flying . 
  but there is no way in hell shooting would have been acceptable in this situation in cologne . 
  the police , by its very definition , doesnt solve problems . 
  the polices punishes crimes , and the issue here is that these people wont be punished . 
  the only realistic chance of punishing them would have been to arrest just about everybody on this place , register them and take pictures that the women that were harassed can check later on . 
  the fact that this didnt happen is the issue . 
  and its mostly an issue with the planning of the cities police . 
  the police had too few officers on site and all they could do is try to clear the place . 
  this worked more or less , but ultimately didnt do much . 
  they couldnt do more because they were few and i guess its hard to tell how much people of a large group would be dangerous . 
  because murder is an acceptable tool of self defense against harassment . 
   you 'd think this sub , which had a nice cirlcejerk going at the thought of putin helping assad to stabilize syria would understand what having a tyrannical , but stabilizing leader in control of a country would entail . 
  assad was at least a somewhat secular ruler , not a fanatical , slavedriving sunni king . 
  thats the main reason why people dont judge assad as hard .
