  they would be responsible and wouldnt be able to fuck around . 
  now they have very little reason to actually commit to unpopular reforms unless they are forced too . 
  every single tough call will have to be forced upon greece from the outside . 
  this is not sustainable , and it gives us a precedent that goverments can run their nation into the ground and have the ez pay their bills until the end of time . 
  the uk is simply more open to us suggestions and can act as a foot in the door for the us . 
  also : since the eu relies on a unanimous vote for treaty changes , the us basically get a veto by proxy as long as the uk remains in the eu . 
  i also want this punishment for shitposting . 
  it simply doesnt make sense to have 2 federal parliaments in europe . 
  if the ez scales up the integration and gets a parliament , the eu as a political entity is basically redundant . 
  i agree , they would basically all die if they try to fight . 
  hell if you take greece on your way there , we might not mind as much . 
  greece will take the bosporus ? 
  how would that even work ? 
  greece is in no position to start a war . 
  if anything mutti would not allow it . 
  turkey wont be kicked out of the nato , though they wont get into the eu either . 
  yeah he got quite the broadside from the media for it . 
  though he didnt give in or take it back as far as i remember . 
  well austerity would have been very good for those nations , about 10 + years ago . 
  sure the enforced austerity with bad timing sucks and is probably somewhat counter productive . 
  but the only reason they have to suffer through this is because they didnt manage their spending properly in the last few decades . 
   and sure as hell they liked how she told the syrian kid how immigration has to be stopped interesting . 
  didnt expect this to be relevant outside of germany . 
  he got so much hate for this , even though it was probably accurate . 
  fifa will not strip russia of the world cup . 
  hell blatter has basically weaseled out of his resignation already . 
  these numbers seem highly unrealistic . 
  even 1k cigarettes per citizen , per year is completely absurd . 
  which makes it a useless statistic . 
  if they mix up protest with actual attacks , they obviously cant call it terrorism . 
  i am sorry , but punching somebody in the face is a different level of offense than calling him an asshole . 
  yes racist remarks and hate speech are bad , but you cant possibly put it in the same category as burning down refugee centers . 
  oh dont worry . 
  if anybody hates you its probably for the combination of your name and the weird shit you post . 
  and even then most people will probably be annoyed at most . 
  that doesnt mean much . 
  i personally only ever see old people buy it , like 50 + . 
  hell most young people dont buy newspapers anyway . 
  and as far as online news go , spiegel reigns supreme . 
  i dont see why anybody would hate greeks . 
  they have shitty voting habbits and should probably work on their tax morale . 
  but why would you even hate people you dont know for abstract things like that ? 
  its really about whos is the more pathetic of the two . 
  if berlusconi is right , putin is pretty damn pathetic for handing out a job like this to a friend . 
  if berlusconi is wrong , he is pretty damn pathetic for talking shit like that , probably just for attention too . 
  and i thought schroeder was embarassing poor italians . 
  wow , now i represent germany all of a sudden . 
  i am not even wearing a suit , damn . 
  one would think that this kind of behaviour would result in them being warned once and kicked out of the country next time they try to mutiny . 
  what the hell is this site ? 
  i mean i am not the greatest fan of the us , but this site smells like propaganda . 
   contrary to what germans think , the us military withdrew and then only came back when it was clear that the soviets had their minds set in reunifying west germany under their control . 
  if thats true , it actually reinforces my point . 
  america had no actual interest in helping germany and pulled out . 
  until they noticed that the commies wanted ( west ) germany at which point the us came back . 
  not because they care about germany , but only to make sure the soviets dont advance . 
  now i know that germany did benefit a lot from the us support after ww2 , but the support was given for rather pragmatic reasons ( to stop the soviets from advancing ) . 
  similar as to how the nsa spies on german citizens nowadays for , at least from the dissorted view of an intelligence agency , pragmatic reasons . 
  in this case , its kinda weird that americans are annoyed when they are told that the us are not an ally to germany . 
  after all , their espionage clearly is against our interest . 
   at the end the of day trying to undermine the relationship is like cutting off your nose to spite your face the question is : who undermines this relationship ? 
  the nation that uses mass surveillance against their allies , or the allies that dont want to be subject to this kind of thing ? 
  the usa made a conscious choice to do this . 
  they knew that this wouldnt be popular if it was ever exposed . 
  i said it below , its perfectly fine for intelligence agencies to spy on their competition . 
  but prism style programms and agencies like the nsa basically undermine democracy directly , and not just the democracy in europe either . 
  wikileaks is obviously only a front for the chinese/russian/iranian intelligence agencies that plot to destroy the western world by creating drama between the us and its allies . 
  we must stop this communist conspiracy and stand up against wikileaks , for freedom , for america !, 
  its like straight out of the mouth of an intelligence agent . 
  its kind of amusing actually . 
  people thought * vorauseilender gehorsam * was a german thing . 
  you dont get it . 
  nobody cares if an intelligence service spies on another intelligence service . 
  that is actually their job . 
  something that shouldnt be their job is mass surveilance of the entire population of nominal allies . 
  and call me naive or whatever , but i dont see france running a prism style programe . 
  while you are right , the last party that went out of their way to please the hotel lobby in germany got kicked out of the parliament at the next elections . 
  so i guess they have to be more subtle now or something , at least its progress . 
  and you guys are wondering why anti americanism is a thing nowadays , even in europe . 
  it has to be hilarious to live in a city and maybe even work 9 to 5 in an office , but be somehow able to sell the tax office that you are totaly a farmer . 
  damn greece is really serious about their reforms . 
  this is what you get if your politicians are afraid of an open discussion on the issue . 
  if there is no public debate , some people will try to `` express '' their opinion through things like this . 
  i mean politicians all across europe are unable to find a way of dealing with these refugees or even discuss the topic . 
  eventually things will escalate . 
  whatever i hope we find the dirt that attacked the refugees and lock them up for a few years . 
  the usa are `` inspiring '' criminals within their own border to commit crimes so they can arrest them . 
  i dont see why they wouldnt inspire certain persons to commit acts of terrorism if it benefits them . 
  i also dont find it hard to imagine that if germany cuts intelligence cooperation with the us , that the us will never relay any information they find regarding attacks in germany , even though we 'd still be ( nato ) allies and whatnot . 
  then again if the uk and france would fall for this we might just call off the whole eu business and do our own thing again . 
  i dont think france would be so easily exploited though . 
  the uk , sure they want to be an us colony anyways . 
  but france is probably too arrogant for this . 
  and when it comes to intelligence business like this , you 'd have to assume that certain agencies wouldnt mind to make sure that there will be terrorist attacks if the german goverment ever cuts cooperation with the us . 
  they are complacent . 
  standing up to the us would be work , a lot of things would need to be changed and we 'd have to charge the leadership of our own intelligence services with high treason . 
  its much more convenient to suck up to the us , ask them not to spy on merkel and 5 other guys while ignoring everything else . 
  whatever , this crap will eventually blow up in their face and the usa will be considered as friendly as china or russia by a lot of people . 
  debt to gdp ratio is one of the core measurements used by the imf . 
  greece needs to imf .
