  they are just clueless like most politicians . 
  corporations have more parrots and money in brussels than civil rights orgs , so their voice is heard by the politicians . 
  and spending half of your life in a foreign country means you become foreign . 
  chances are you found a partner over there , raised your children there and really spend the core of your life over there . 
  papers be damned , you are a citizen in all but name and shouldnt have any right to keep a passport and voting rights for a country you havent lived in for 30 years . 
  dual citizenship has no purpose whatsoever , especially in the eu . 
  we managed to do it with catholics just fine . 
  eventually we will even stop them from fucking kids . 
   writing that into the constitution is noble , but is n't there some kind of recognition that there is an upper limit to the number of refugees that any country can ( never mind will ) take in ? 
  our own courts have determined such a limit for greece and stopped us from sending migrants back there . 
  we dont figure out a technical limit for ourself because that would be an inconvenient fact and nobody in germany wants to deal with facts . 
   what do people here even expect ? 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  our own courts were able to determine that greece can not process any more refugees and therefore we cant send them back to greece . 
  what people expect is that we stop taking everybody without regard for our own capacities to work with them . 
  because believe it or not , there is a factual upper limit for how much migrants we can deal with . 
  so why dont we stop the feel good policies , figure out what that limit is and be honest about it , rather than spread the propaganda that germany can deal with an unlimited amount of migrants ? 
  because we already know that we went way above our own limits with the ~ 900k migrants we took in 2015 . 
  and lets not forget that the bulk of these people we * not * given asylum , beause they didnt qualify . 
  the majority only received subsidiary protection . 
  oh wait that would be unpopular . 
  reality sucks if it gets in the way of ideology huh ? 
  they did , their eternal enemies are muslims and migrants . 
  followed by evil lefties and libruls . 
  basically the t_d list of evil people . 
  they were herded into a pen of fellow neo nazis . 
  any outsider going into the pen would have looked like a car on the streets of hamburg during g20 . 
  this is the same trash , maybe even worse . 
  a recent poll from poland came to the result that the population would prefer leaving the eu to taking 7000 muslim migrants . 
  so yeah , your optimism might be misplaced . 
  yeah right , lets just believe the lies of the fanatic regime . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  what are these evil people going to do ? 
  sa already supports what is essentially a war against the west . 
  how would backwater morons without oil money be any worse than that ? 
  its a cheap token policy that changes absolutely nothing . 
  they are still isis level monsters and finance terrorism across the globe . 
   yep , if he 's going to die regardless i 'd rather i did it , at least then i 'd have some control over how it 's done . 
  and yet , you 'd be charged with murder . 
  makes you think doesnt it ? 
   our choice is either the uk sells arms to them or another member of the un security council will . 
  so we should just not bother ? 
  sell arms to every regime in the world is perfectly fine ? 
  so why dont we sell to north korea ? 
  if we dont do it , china will sell them shit anyway . 
  space ressources will be claimed by those that can defend them . 
  thats not luxemburg or the un , thats going to be the us and china . 
  cute that a nation as small and irrelevant as luxemburg thinks they can claim anything in space . 
   if merkel feels she can say this during an election campaign , i am hopeful for what follows post september . 
  ez budget & finance minister seems to be on the table . 
  go cry in a corner , sch\u00e4uble . 
  merkel says it because public opinion has changed . 
  with the trump election , brexit , erdogans attempts to interfere in the eu , germans are more open for reforms now . 
  macrons election is also perceived as a progressive event , despite his actual policies . 
  so no , merkel hasnt changed at all . 
  public opinion did . 
  the eu needs stability and integration more than raw market size or gdp . 
  with the uk pulling crazy shit and generally being opposed to further integration its not much of a loss to let them go . 
  especially because * some * of the advantages the uk had will move over to the eu . 
  as if italy and greece are suddenly shitholes . 
  i doubt rome is that much worse than berlin . 
  but of course if you compare a village in southern italy with london , it doesnt look as attractive to young people . 
  at least until you show the prices for everything . 
  these 2-3 officers are armed and might actually have automatic weapons in the building . 
  this isnt a warzone , nobody in their right mind will attack a police station at a whim just because it looks harmless . 
  forcing people to have a terrible life doesnt do anything for a society . 
  by your logic , poland needs a good old russian occupation because you guys are obviously getting way too happy over there and need a dose of misery . 
  if you come up with hilarious ideas like that you certainly dont suffer enough . 
  brb gon na divide poland real quick . 
  putin doesnt want people that love putin . 
  putin wants people that think and act like putin . 
  that is conservative , autocratic , right wing , populist , having ambitions to be more than a public servant doesnt hurt either . 
  thats why for example putin and erdogan get along so well . 
  thats also why he supported lepen and possibly trump . 
  greece can not possibly ever pay back this money . 
  also : they are loans to condition dictated by politics , not the market . 
  therefore they are not just a regular every day loan , and the cost is much , much higher ( for the creditors , for greece its much lower ) . 
  if the german public had an actual say , you guys would be back to your own currency already . 
  forfunately for you , merkel is comically afraid to act so she will squeeze the life out of your country until she is out of office and somebody else has to take care of it . 
  all the while wasting billions of german money . 
  common budget for common budget oversight . 
  lets see what greece says to that offer . 
  spoiler : they say no . 
  greece was desperate to stay in the euro no matter what . 
  germany would have celebrated a grexit and offered a ton of money to get it . 
  but greece would rather bend over , ignore an election and a referendum and kill its own economy to keep the euro . 
   what does that even mean ? 
  you literally become richer in both cases . 
  capital bound in immovable assets * that you can not sell or monetize * isnt worth much for a private person . 
  sure you can back up loans with it , but thats about it . 
  meanwhile salary is straight up cash , and its not just a static sum , its continous income . 
  thats very , very different . 
  its only good if you have space to rent out . 
  owning your own home gets you nothing unless you can move out , in which case you either leave the city or pay the same inflated price you get to find another home . 
  real estate spikes in a city suck for 90 % or more of its inhabitants . 
  most of the `` artificial crap '' in discounters is the same stuff high quality brands use . 
  its down marketed and sold under a no name label , but made in the same factory with 90 % of the same ressources to maintain a high degree of utilization . 
  nobody builds a super food factory and a shit food factory . 
  companies build one factory and make 50 brands of food with it . 
  yeah except , no .
