  if your goverment likes being in the eu , none of their actions show it . 
  how long should the eu deal with constant unproductive bullshit from hungary until the magic solution comes around ? 
  because right now , i dont see hungary trying to solve this problem at the source as you said . 
  will that even make a difference for this election ? 
  i mean the takeover should be on peoples mind if these news companies suddenly change their tone over night , right ? 
  so this is probably more of a long term move to gain a foothold in albania , assuming it is some sort of coordinated plot at all . 
  no , thanks . 
  japan is comparably wealthy , most of the nations you mention are not . 
  well if poland does not agree to the decision making progress anymore , there is a very obvious and clean solution . 
  leave the eu . 
  dont dance around the issue , face it : is the deal you have with the eu still worth it for you under these circumstances ? 
  if it is , follow the rules , if its not , leave . 
  personally , i dont think that having to deal with refugees is worse than leaving the eu , but that is really polands decision to make for themselves , not mine . 
  at the end of the day , the rule of law needs to be respected . 
  you cant just stay in the eu and ignore every decision you dont like . 
  grow a spine and make a decision for yourself . 
  i mean he is kinda right . 
  i 've had the same experiences a couple of times here . 
  i really think merkel is an incredibly incompetent leader and made some terrible decisons that will make germany an objectively worse place to live . 
  but even i found myself defending her once or twice against particulary insane accusations . 
  i dont care about moral implications most of the time , but some lines cant be crossed and some of the `` solutions '' people like to parrot here are just outright self destructive and would hurt europe more than dealing with a million or so refugees . 
  there is no point to shoot yourself in the head to get over the fact that your foot hurts . 
  cant speak about other countries , but in germany a lot of `` left '' voters only care about people who look pitiful on tv . 
  they didnt give a shit about refugees in turkey , greece or italy until they became a media spectacle . 
  they stopped caring quickly after the refugee waves hit germany and the cost of hosting them became obvious . 
  its actually pretty funny how ridiculous the refugees hype was , especially now that a lof of people that were ecstatic about taking refugees would rather not talk about the last quarter of 2015 anymore . 
  poland , hungary and czechia joined the eu in full knowledge that while it tries to make decisions unanimously , decisions only require a majority . 
  and when a decision was made and ** supported by a majority ** , they were bound to follow it by rules they agreed to . 
  this is only a matter of sovereignity in so far that these countries agreed to hand over their sovereignity . 
  the eu doesnt enforce anything they didnt agree to . 
  maybe read the fine print next time you sign a contract ? 
  its pretty funny , but its also how it should be . 
  juncker is ultimately the head of the eus executive branch . 
  which serves its constituents - the member states and their citizens . 
  if the eu would be a business , junker would be the ceo and merkel one of the companies main customers , while trump would be the snake oil salesman that works out of the back of his car across the street from the company building . 
  they were a bit smarter about it and didnt go all out on anti eu propaganda over the refugee issue . 
  so i guess they flew under the radar . 
  its certainly going to be interesting to see if all eu members that ignore the eu refugee policy will be sanctioned or otherwise punished . 
  it helps a lot of german and other eu companies . 
  these days market access is a valuable service . 
  the eu market is much larger than the uk market so the uk has to pay up . 
  you can try . 
  but nobody wants to deal with puberty moodswing politics like that . 
  so if you come back in a decade , you 'll be presented with a monumental bill that will be essentially a punishment designed to see if you are actually serious this time . 
  everything else would be utterly insane . 
  the uk is the party that doesnt want cherrypicking . 
  because if the uk says no freedom of movement , the eu says thats fine , but means no market access . 
  thats a perfectly rational deal that could be agreed to , but i guess the uk doesnt want to . 
  german citizen buy the shitty lte plans with bad conditions . 
  so no they dont know . 
  afaik , a while ago somebody posted an article about this . 
  essentially : the price correlates with the number of independant lte providers that do not own traditional landlines . 
  in germany , all big telecom companies also offer regular internet for homes , and as such have no interest in offering cheap lte . 
  he also refused to accept the reality that what he wanted was simply impossible because several goverments would be kicked out for agreeing to it . 
  varoufakis was about as subtle and successfull in getting a good deal for his country as farage will/would be . 
  v man was the perfect example of why , just sometimes , you actually need a politician if you want to get a job done . 
   the reason people instantly ask these questions is because 9 times out of 10 , it actually is a foreigner and a muslim . 
  or its because they are racist and want it to be a muslim to confirm their pre existing believes and justify their race fetish . 
  or fdp , or greens , or really anything but linke and afd . 
  for all we know the mother talked to the daughter and got suspicious that something happened . 
  if she had a good reason to believe they had done something to her daughter , she very much had the right to secure the evidence . 
  this solider is lucky enough as it is , if he really had sex with the girl he should spend 10 + years in prison at the very least . 
  these kind of psychopaths are not just criminals , they also make this kind of military cooperations much harder . 
  the sentence is utterly ridiculous . 
  imagne what would happen if a muslim soldier would get one year for raping a european girl . 
  holy fuck that would result in riots , rightfully so to be honest . 
  need is a big word here . 
  a lot of these positions are filled with mini jobbers and part time workers these days . 
  its not rare for a cheap super market to get 30-50 % of their working hours from non permanent employees without an apprenticeship . 
  the issue is just : you dont get paid well if you work like that , and its hard to get more than a stretched part time contract , say 25-30 hours a week . 
  but you can absolutely get a job even without a qualification . 
  but yes the apprenticeship system is overall pretty useful for us . 
  the perception has afaik turned around quite a bit too . 
  a decade or so back it was criticized by other countries as medieval . 
  but these days spain is afaik trying to set up something similar because it really helps offering an alternative to the university or poverty issue some countries have . 
  if you are so unqualified that a refugee that barely speaks german and has no relevant qualification in germany takes your job , you just have a shitty job . 
  start to educate yourself . 
  this isnt the dung age anymore . 
  if you dont have at the very least a proper apprenticeship from the ihk or a similar org , its your own fault . 
  and afaik the bonus for refugees is only the basic bonus from the jobcenter , which is also granted for hiring people that have been searching for a job for a long time . 
  ask some greek how that worked out for them with syriza . 
   the issue with mexico as opposed to any other country in the world is that america has an extremely long land border with them which is impossible to monitor . 
  europe does not have that problem . 
  the only reason so many migrants ended up in europe is because germany invited them - so again , an issue of laws , not proximity . 
  land borders are much , much easier to controll than sea borders . 
  most of the boat refugees we take are taken because they would die other wise . 
  not in their home countries or anything , right there . 
  they literally take a boat , drive up to a eu ship and sink their own vessel . 
  international laws force us to save them . 
  and since its international waters and not national territory , we cant send them back instantly . 
  this works because its such a short boat trip and the boats are cheap throw away vessels . 
  this wouldnt work with ocean ready ships . 
  if this was a land border , this wouldnt happen . 
  they would still be in the other country and we would simply let them rot where they are . 
  they wouldnt be drowning and we 'd have to do absolutely nothing . 
   most of the terrorists have been second or third generation . 
  which wouldnt exist without their parents and grand parents migrating  the proximity to the middle east does n't appear to be the greatest factor it is . 
  the us suck at controlling migration . 
  there are 11 million illegal mexicans in the us and some us cities even refuse to prosecute illegal immigrants entirely . 
  the only reason the us dont have problems with muslims is because there is an ocean between them and the next muslim country .
