  after all they can be kicked out very quickly in the first few years . 
  and a criminal record makes getting citizenship harder , if not outright impossible in some countries . 
  basically : they have nothing to gain from crimes but a lot to lose . 
  meanwhile , those `` refugees '' are so screwed and have so little social standing that they really dont have to worry about losing anything . 
  most , if not all of them , cant be deported either and they know that a prison in germany would still be better than going back to where they come from . 
  which means they have absolutely nothing to fear , no matter what they do . 
  thats also the general issue : if people think they can get away with crime , they will commit one sooner or later . 
  we need to figure out a proper way of punishing those people that will actually hurt them . 
  greece was screwed before merkel said anything , in fact germany ignored greece and italys problem for several years before merkel spoke up . 
  it didnt really help greece , not at all . 
  does it matter ? 
  what would be the benefit of not talking to russia anymore ? 
  even during the cold war , with fanatics on both sides , there was always at least an open line to talk . 
  because its really damn stupid not to have one . 
  whether or not you lose your job is between you and your employer . 
  this isnt a political decision . 
  there is no actual case of anybody losing a child . 
  all you got is some highly hypothetical speculation . 
  even that highly hypothetical speculation explicitly talks about several stages of escalation . 
  this hypothetical situation isnt just about posting non mainstream opinions . 
  its about posting extreme hatespeech on facebook . 
  `` gesunder menschenverstand '' means `` i think we shouldnt take any refugees '' is fine , it also means that `` we should get nukes and wipe the muslims of the face of earth once and for all '' is not . 
  and even if you post over the top racist shit like that , you will not in fact lose your child . 
  there are several layers of escalation to this process , and things like this arent done lightly in germany . 
  but you obviously have no clue how the law works in germany . 
  better keep reading rt. 
  stop spreading this completely baseless bullshit . 
  you can not just cut all ties with russia and hope for the best . 
  diplomacy needs both a carrot and a stick . 
  if you throw away the carrot all you have left is a stick , what are you going to do with it the next time russia does something stupid ? 
  it is essential to have options . 
  that includes having leverage against russia if they try to screw with us , but this also includes having an open channel to talk . 
  isolating russia to the point where the only option of escalation is an all out war would be stupid . 
  the ukraine got fucked because they arent part of the nato or eu . 
  russia would not dare to try this with a eu member , nato or not . 
  the ukraine is first and foremost a problem of the ukraine . 
  we should help them and we do help them right now , but we cant just magically make up for 2 decades of idiocy by their own elites . 
  good luck finding any evidence of people losing their children over a political statement . 
  but i guess you dont bother with silly things like sources anyway . 
  but why even bother with such a law ? 
  what happened to `` the truth shall set you free '' ? 
  wouldnt you want that investigations for legal and historic purposes can happen without the looming threat of being jailed for it ? 
  hell everybody liked that germany investigated a lot of shit , people should welcome objective investigations into crimes during ww2 . 
  if only to confirm who was not guilty . 
  thats the beauty of laws like that . 
  they are obviously not enforced most of the time , but they do provide effective legal means for ambitious politicians to silence and ruin critics . 
  its actually worse if those laws arent enforced most of the time . 
  if they would be used on everybody , they would be removed quickly . 
  but selective use opens up opportunities of targeted punishment for critics , without angering the public enough to make them demand removing the law . 
  i dont think calling anybody an asshole requires being treated like a criminal either . 
  its probably only going to be used selectively and against people that are particulary critical of the goverment . 
  its a well known tactic . 
  tie critics up in criminal cases and even if they do get out and prove to be innocent , it leaves a stain on them in the eyes of a lot of people . 
  sometimes , people also get fired over mere accusations and dont get their job back even after proving to be innocent . 
  its a good way of flinging shit at people you dont like and silence critics . 
  we 've already put people in prison that were merely guards in concentration camps . 
  applying this degree of abstraction , dont you think quite a few polish people would have to go to prison as well ? 
  dont you think that if this is the standard thats used , it should apply to any and all people involved , regardless of citizenship ? 
  your post is actually pretty hilarious . 
  you assume that i support merkels policies , thats not the case . 
  and there goes you entire rant down the drain already . 
   must be weird for a german . 
  politicians looking out for the indigenous population . 
  well too bad orban isnt looking out for anybody but himself then . 
  thats the thing about populists : sure it sounds good when politicians just do what the masses demand , but its typically not so nice what they do with the power they gain from doing this . 
  oh well , some people enjoy living in a police state i guess . 
  well the post i quoted expressed hope that v4 would help greece . 
  which isnt going to happen because v4 is only going , as you put it , `` to helps its people , not others '' . 
   i do n't understand why turkey is not fucked with 2 million and we already cry for greece ( and i support 100 % massive help for greece ) . 
  turkish population : 79 million greek population : 11 million, 
  the migrants dont care what politicians say , they only care about what happens . 
  they will not stop until after the border is closed ** and ** migrants are piling up in greece . 
  at which point , greece is already fucked . 
  you also forget that the smugglers will just lie about things . 
  just like they have lied about the the life the migrants would enjoy in europe since the very beginning . 
  if the migrants for the most part didnt bother googling how realistic the smugglers stories were so far , they wont suddenly start doing it . 
  it will help everybody else , but it certainly wont help greece . 
  it doesnt matter if greece has thousands of migrants that are only on their way through and will be replaced by thousands on new migrants next week of if the migrants just stay in greece . 
  either way greece is stuck with hordes of migrants . 
  hate to say it but i think your politicians care a lot more about themselves than about greece . 
  merkel might be a naive moron , but orban is just a selfish populist . 
  both are using stupid and selfish policies that screw over others and neither will be very useful to actually solve this crisis . 
  actually , germany supported greece during the current crisis . 
  even the greek are afaik resonably happy with germany right now . 
  if germany and sweden wouldnt take people voluntarily , greece would get screwed even more than right now . 
  if the news would always refer to people by ethnicy , things would get really weird and half of the time nobody would know whom they are talking about . 
  refering to a group of peopled based on their ids is perfectly fine , especially for headlines which have to be short . 
  you can always go into details in the actual article . 
  then again the content of the article rarely reaches redditors i guess . 
  its quite obvious by now that we cant in fact close the border between greek and turkey . 
  we need a plan thats a bit more universal than that . 
  unless you are fine with just cutting greece off and securing their northern land border . 
  though i would say that if merkel cant get something done soon ( and lets be real here , she wont be able to ) , she will have no other choice than to take some drastic steps , like cutting greece off . 
  not really , even without thinking about it for too long i would argue that the cuba crisis was significantly worse . 
  there probably have been other problems that were a significant threat . 
  hell we could take in all ~ 23 million syrians and we would still survive , things would be worse but we would still be wealthy . 
  trump means the migrants are the problem , kerry means the infighting of the politicians is the problem . 
  imo trumps is wrong and kerry is right . 
  its stupid to say that the migrants are the problem when they are very much out of our control . 
  we cant just magically make them go away , but we can chose how to deal with them .
