  we also have a lot of poor countries in europe that are used for outsourcing , limiting the problem with china . 
  china is also fundamentally slow and stable . 
  its not nice i guess but the party is in charge and competent enough not to go nuts any time soon . 
  they are even very , very slowly reforming the country . 
  this stability means we dont have to be afraid of china as they are pragmatic and mostly interested in business rather than power games ( outside of the south chinese sea ) , just like we are for the most part . 
  could be about le pen , who knows ? 
  merkel wont dare to speak up . 
  she doesnt care about turkey or greece , but she cant risk the refugee deal in an election year . 
  she makes a few token comments that change nothing , but she wont put any weight into what she says . 
  its just a meme , there is a ( pseudo ? ), 
  parody sub for him in the style of / r/the _ donald . 
  should be called / r/the _ schulz . 
   i was under the impression that the publisher set the price and steam gets their agreed percentage . 
  i dont have the link right now , but steam has a lot of freedom to set their prices . 
  for once , steam dictates sales , how often something goes on sale , how high the percentage , etc. 
  i once read a post from a dev that mentioned controll over sales policy as an argument for not using steam . 
  there are a million reasons to disagree with merkel , hell i would rather not vote at all than to vote for a party that would support her goverment . 
  but the effect of random shitters from other countries bashing on her is minimal . 
  the people that would consider giving their vote to merkel arent impressed by far right wannabes that just randomly bash her refugee policies . 
  yup , i remember a poll with the result that germany is the only country in the world where the education of the average facebook member is below the level of the general population . 
  quite amusing , actually . 
   you do understand the responsibility a nation has to an asylum seeker . 
  of course , none at all . 
  we can ignore refugees and nobody would give a shit . 
  we can also make use of our right to deport all of them to greece or italy . 
  we could also simply decline their application based on the fact that large parts of syria are safe , the same argument we use against refugees from afghanistan right now . 
  we have tons of options to reject these asylum applications , its just a matter of picking one . 
  at the end of the day , germany isnt responsible for the fate of syria . 
  and most refugees arent from syria anyway , they just hopped on the money train when they saw that it would work . 
  fun fact : the easiest way not to get screwed by regulators that are looking for any reason to screw you is following the law . 
  vw and deutsche bank had it comming . 
  if anything the issue is that the rules arent applied to everybody , not that they are actually enforced here . 
  you are paranoid , terrorism is not a relevant threat in germany . 
  in fact a great majority of germans feels perfectly save at the moment . 
   but have n't we helped and saved tens of thousands of lives ? 
  these refugees were save in turkey , we didnt save anybody . 
  i would argue that the actual number of people we saved from death ( rather than poverty and a shitty life ) is lower than the number of people that died in the mediterranean . 
   given millions a better chance at life ? 
  should this really be the criteria for asylum ? 
  should we really bend over and grant everybody asylum that has a shitty life ? 
   and even if they all fail to integrate and stay poor in gernamy , they would still be better off being poor over here than living in a ruin somewhere in aleppo without clean water or electricity . 
  obviously , they are always better off once they reach germany . 
  thats the problem : thats why they come here and risk their lives . 
  fortunately , there is no human right to a good life and we are not responsible for these people . 
  in fact , somebody living in a bombed city that is only lacking access to clean water does not deserve asylum . 
  if we 'd hand out asylum on this criteria alone , we would have to let half of africa in . 
  russia itself cracks down hard on any independence movements . 
  by their own laws crimea wouldnt have been able to simply leave the ukraine . 
  and it didnt just leave , it got occupied . 
  i wouldnt mind crimea becoming russian if a proper procedure would be used . 
  but what happened was war and occupation , nothing more . 
  that doesnt change anything . 
  syria has been a warzone for years , refugees sat in turkey and greece for years . 
  meanwhile , we had over 100k unprocessed asylum applications before the current refugee waves . 
  merkel couldnt even be fucking bothered to make sure those are processed faster . 
  she is in office for 10 years now , she had plenty of time to work on long term solutions for this . 
  but she didnt , because she doesnt care about long term solutions at all . 
  thats why its stupid to say that the established parties are doing everything they can . 
  they sat on their ass for 10 year and panicked once their incompetence became obvious and the refugee crisis ruined their polls . 
  merkel has a level of power few german chancellors had in the past , she was and still is very popular . 
  she never did anything with that . 
  she is pathetically lazy and afraid to act unless she absolutely has to , at which point she just throws around random panic policies . 
  just check her stance on the nuclear exit . 
  she went from lethargy to panic instantly and the results show it . 
  they made the laws stricter when public opinion turned around 180 * . 
  they didnt give a shit about stricter laws until public pressure forced them to . 
  this isnt how competent parties and politicians act . 
  this is how people act that are solely interested in mainting power . 
   good administration is about adapting better administration is about foresight . 
  it was incredibly obvious that taking a million refugees would backfire and ultimately lead to many problems . 
  just like it was obvious that the refugees arriving in turkey and greece wouldnt stay there until the end of time . 
  yet merkel didnt do shit . 
  she didnt do anything at all to help until public opinion was so heavily in favor of a particular course of action that she could use it to boost per popularity . 
  it doesnt matter how `` tight '' these policies get * after * the fuckup happened . 
  we could stop migration completely right now and we 'd still have to deal with over a million of these people for years to come . 
  there is no mainstream political party that you can rely on in any shape or form to do anything relevant about dealing with refugee waves in the future . 
  right now its just populism and all the tightening will go away really fast once the issue isnt as pressing anymore , without any foresight for future problems . 
   i dont care for afd , but are n't you as a german tired of being associated with holocaust and ww2 already ? 
  yeah , kinda . 
  most people simply dont care because its not something that affects them , it happened before they were born after all . 
  if you are pragmatic , the title is perfectly fine and its quite hypocritical to start drama because of it . 
  the content of his speech on the other hand is some seriously crazy shit though . 
  eh we 've overdone it by now to be honest . 
  few people actually still care about it . 
  its not like 99 % of the current population had anything to do with it . 
  its also discussed to death in school , history lessons in german school are insanely boring because of that . 
  i wouldnt know , but it probably is fine . 
  nobody would mind if the npd tries to change the constitution through the established means . 
  this rejections of a ban explicitly recognises that the npd is incapable of overthrowing our system by other means , for example violence , revolution , etc. 
  which is why the party wasnt banned . 
  `` cover your equipment '' is a much easier to measure and enforce rule than `` dont cover your hair or face '' . 
  law must be precise , it must be accurate enough to prevent favouritism and excessive interpretation that could pave the way for racism and random pettyness by law enforcement . 
  there is no clean way to ban veils ( in general and all places ) that wouldnt cause massive colateral damage . 
  at least none that i am aware of . 
  the us have the luxury of being far away . 
  imagine mexico would be an islamic country comparable to iran or something like saudi arabia and there would be ~ 11 million illegal mexicans in the us still . 
  the us would ban that shit instantly . 
  the problem is that the women often want to wear it . 
  you can talk of oppression all day long , the moment the woman wants it you 're screwed . 
  banning veils in general would also be silly and either unenforcable or cause massive civil rights violations .
