  if she would have , we would have a long term solution for the eu as a whole before we randomly and for no reason invite people to us . 
  but thats not the case . 
  she just blurped out something for pr and maybe , just maybe , we figure out a way to deal with the fallout over the next few months and years . 
  on the plus side , not every german is completely naive and thinks the current way of handling refugees is good . 
  the main problem is that our goverment is dumb as fuck and even worse , we are probably stuck with merkel for another decade . 
  nobody plays a high stakes game though . 
  the industry for the most part does whats best for them and our goverment isnt doing anything . 
  remember merkel is in office for about 10 years now . 
  we did actually get useful reforms done under schroeder before her . 
  its just merkel that is sitting on her ass until she sees a bild headline that looks like she should do something about it . 
  oh we can plan ahead . 
  unfortunately , merkel cares only about her own popularity and outright refuses to plan ahead . 
  a lot of people here strangely consider this a good way of running germany for some reason . 
  pretty sure we cant possibly handle 5 million migrants within 5 years regardless of our economic situation . 
  hell even our not very bright vice chancellor said the limit is probably around 500k a year . 
  i wasnt meant as an actual economic statement , shouldnt sound like one anyway . 
  but its what people think is the case . 
  if you ask people about the whole refugee thing they mention that we apparently got a plus in the public budget this year so we can obviously afford refugees or something along those lines . 
  its quite obviously a stupid line of thought regardless of your opinion on migration , but thats what i hear at the moment . 
  if you open the borders and tell people to come to you , its hardly in invasion if somebody actually shows up . 
  well we cant do that . 
  our current minimum welfare is around 400 euro plus rent . 
  our federal constitutional court has afaik confirmed that this is the minimum amount that people need to get to have an acceptable life in germany . 
  this applies to both citizens and foreigners alike . 
  which is why we really shouldnt invite people . 
  her `` strategy '' was to say something that would fly well with the german people and boost her popularity . 
  it worked . 
   germany is very pro-migrant yes , mostly . 
   due to their nazi history hahahaha , no . 
  the main reason for the generally positive view on immigration is that we 're filthy rich . 
  germany has been doing very well for quite some time now , and people know it . 
  in a situation like that , welcoming refugees is much easier than it would be during a recession . 
  the volunteers that welcome refugees at train stations do so because they can afford it . 
  a lot of them arent rich , just regular people doing ok . 
  if those people wouldnt be doing ok , there would be a lot less of them waiting at the trainstation to welcome refugees . 
  i mean there are restrictions for catholic women too , not nearly as severe , but still . 
  at the end of the day religion is pretty damn shitty for most if followed to the letter . 
  a lot of people also dont really have a choice about their religion . 
  afaik its some sort of batshit insane romantic propaganda where your husband dies for you/your cause . 
  in practise its basically a tool to get horny idiots slave girls to fuck . 
  on the plus side : we dont have to worry about punishing them for becoming terrorists , chances are they will regret their decision to do so soon enough . 
  6 billion euro to not only take but also keep a million refugees ? 
  who would agree to that and have the capability to deliver their part of the bargain ? 
  ok then , which nation would you propose we pressure into taking these people ? 
  and what would that ominously convicing pressure look like ? 
  its simply not possible . 
  if it would be this easy to rebuild a nation from zero , isis wouldnt have existed to begin with . 
  just take a look at how much money the us spend on iraq . 
  and after all that , it still produced isis . 
  that would take a few decades worth of occupation and constant investment . 
  we should just stop bombing nations we dont care to rebuild properly . 
  well obviously not . 
  but europe isnt in any position to do so with thousands of kilometers of borders and countless neighboring countries that are failed states . 
  its merkel , she says what people want to hear and what serves her best in the current situation . 
  get used to it europe , she will be around and calling the shots for a long time . 
  no its not the nato will need some sort of allies in syria to rebuild the nation eventually . 
  the largest faction are isis and assad , if only thanks to russian support . 
  so eventually the nato will have to side with one of them unless they want to send hundreds of thousands of soldiers and do it alone . 
  and lets be real here , that wont happen . 
  you mean like the us could handpick their mexicans if they had the fortitude to defend their borders and uphold their laws ? 
  and the us havent even seen hard times yet . 
  but somehow 11 million mexicans were picked for illegal immigration . 
  weird shit . 
  a slave kingdom vs a religion dominated democracy ? 
  i 'd chose iran any day . 
  in a conflict that boils down to assad vs isis , you cant seriously prefer taking the isis side . 
  then how about the us take a lead in the refugee situation as well ? 
  yeah right thats not going to happen huh ? 
  nobody did that though , not merkel but not cameron either . 
  thats the issue here . 
  nobody stepped up and said `` we need to talk about this right now '' . 
  everybody just started doing whatever the fuck entered their mind first and it was basically crap . 
  all around , from merkel to cameron . 
  and we will need quotas , nothing will happen without them . 
  but there is a lot of room to negotiate behind a quota based system . 
  well for once you 'd get a voice to talk about issues like that if you 'd be cooperative . 
  simply saying `` we will take x over y years and thats it '' to the press means nobody will give a shit about your opinion . 
  mind you i dont like the current approach of my goverment , but the only way its going to change would be a massive swing of public opinion or pressure from eu nations we have to care about . 
  at this point in time , that would be france and the uk . 
  for example , if cameron would come out and say the uk will take 100k this year if the eu agrees to a certain common policy on immigration , that could work and give the uk an opportunity to set some rules . 
  a serious effort would be to agree to a distribution plan based on say gdp and population . 
  20k over 5 years isnt even a joke , not even by british standards . 
  yes everybody that doesnt welcome refugees without daring to think about it is a nazi nowadays . 
  have * you * already welcomed a refugee today ? 
  well yes you are right as far as i can tell . 
  but here is the catch . 
  if what you say is true , we really shouldnt attract refugees . 
  because its virtually impossible for us to get rid of them and whatnot . 
  so when a decision about a technicality like the dublin process has to be made , why the fuck would you do it by basically inviting refugees to germany ? 
  i can tell you why : because if the general opinion of the population is roughly pro refugees , announcing this technicality like that will give you a huge boost in popularity , at home and abroad . 
  thats the only positive thing about it . 
  merkel gets a good reputation , germany gets to pay the bills for it . 
   in the us , we have american muslims . 
  thats because you handpick your migrants . 
  you can only do that because you have this nice , huge ocean that seperates you from muslim nations . 
  without this kind of barrier and europe , you 'd have a shiton of muslim americans right now . 
  imagine every illegal mexican within your borders would be from a muslim nation . 
  the `` citizens '' say yes . 
  its just a few million nazis that dont want that ... 
  cost will accumulate over time .
