  its not a migrant specific problem either , but most natives are simply not fucked up enough to disregard prison sentences completely . 
   perhaps it 's not political but rather groups of people and culture are the reason why this is happening ? 
  no its a political problem . 
  one of the reasons why migrants commit crimes like this is that they feel untouchable . 
  we cant deport them after all . 
  politicians need to figure out a way of punishing them properly . 
  our entire legal system is build not for prevention , but to punish criminals . 
  without effective punishment everything goes to shit . 
  thats the core issue imo . 
  its probably in the middle . 
  `` patrols '' like that are primarily started to feel better/safer . 
  but its understandable for them to do this and it might actually end up doing something good . 
  if only by being making people aware of how bad the situation is . 
  a lot of the time , you cant actually blame the field officers for these things . 
  this is a problem of organization and ressources . 
  aka a political problem . 
  he doesnt want to reform anything . 
  he wants a token agreement that he can spin into a success story . 
  and its all but guaranteed that he will get it this week and that he will manage to spin it properly . 
  pretty sure for 90 % of the people here there arent `` beautiful artisan coffee shops practically everywhere '' . 
  still , buying anything in a glorified fast food coffee house like starbucks is probably a bad idea if you want a healthy diet . 
  are you sure that this was an actual juice ? 
  as in 100 % juice without anything added ? 
  no sugar , no water , no flavour , etc. 
  if it makes you feel better , go show me some right wing or fascist newspaper with any evidence for car bombings . 
  so how many actual car bombings happened ? 
  shouldnt this stuff be in the news ? 
   yeah , one could think that whole western europe stands behind merkel and only us primitive eastfuck hillbillies are too xenophobe to embrace mass migration . 
  thats because several ee politicians have literally said that they dont want foreigners/muslims . 
  france isnt really under suspicion for categorically refusing to take muslim migrants/refugees . 
  but thats the point , isnt it ? 
  kohl was/is praised for the reunification , despite the fact that it was handeled terribly and burned billions of mark/euro . 
  we didnt get a reunification because of kohl , he didnt cause it . 
  but when it came down to getting it done properly he failed . 
  the only positive thing is that he wanted to try it . 
  i dont think this justifies the kind of reputation kohl got out of this . 
  buts its obviously an easier narrative to paint him as the reunification chancellor . 
  just like its going to be an easier narrative to show merkel as the great humanist that tried . 
  rather than the mediocre politician that failed to get it right . 
  well according to the greek minister of migration germany is acting in greece best interest as far as opening borders and taking migrants goes . 
  if you can read german or translate it , read this : http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/griechenlands-migrationsminister-giannis-mouzalas-zur-fluechtlingskrise-a-1075938.html to quote him ( about pressure on merkel ) `` this is why i am afraid that germany could close its borders at a certain point . '', 
  greece was drowning in migrants before merkel said anything . 
  in fact , greece and italy were begging for help with handling migrants for several years before merkel blurped out her `` invitation '' . 
  you guys were already fucked on your own , germanys willingness to take people even when it wasnt required to do so reduced the pressure on greece . 
  you dont need a majority to write the books . 
  kohl was widely glorified for reuniting germany , when it was really mostly a coincidence . 
  people tend to simplify the past . 
  only remember simple narratives . 
  as time goes on , people will only remember merkel as a great humanitarian and wont be able to connect her `` humanitarian '' policies to the problem they will cause . 
  the descendants of former migrants will only be the tip of the iceberg for this kind of historic perspective . 
  i mean its not unlikely that `` denouncing '' the parents and grandparents of german citizen as economic migrants and welfare tourists will eventually be politically incorrect . 
   its just a pity that greece is paying for germanys mistake . 
  ger is very very lucky they 're weak greece is very happy with germanys open door policy . 
  if not for germany greece would have been fucked 6 months ago , even if we would have closed borders instantly . 
  i dont think so . 
  maybe a year ago this new goverment would have done so . 
  but now even sweden and germany are tilting to the right . 
  and i dont see spain left of these countries , especially not when it comes to spending money on foreigners while you have like what , 30 % youth unemployement ? 
  guess the soviet occupation meant that poland sees itself as the victim rather than an accomplice . 
  they did get screwed by both sides and would rather not think about collaborators . 
  so they get a little angry if anybody implies that they were anything but pure , helpless victims . 
  its not bad imo . 
  i mean things like this will happen sooner or later , but most of the time the data will end up in the hands of criminals . 
  `` leaks '' like this at least create awareness that no server is ever safe and we should limit the states and corporations big data attempts to the absolutely necessary . 
  well housing is getting very ugly at the moment . 
  a few weeks ago we had a discussion about whether or not its fair that our integration ministry pays up to 1500 euro rent per month for a single migrant in certain areas . 
  in that case it was a old hotel they planned to rent for several years , it was supposed to be a 600 million euro deal . 
  yes 1500 euro per person per month , thats the best they could get . 
  i think it was in berlin . 
  compared to that a regular german on harz4 , which is comparable to the welfare migrants get , might get 400 euro at most for rent . 
  so lets just say if we get another million or more , there will be disagreements . 
  everybody calls it macedonia , but greek pressure means the official designation is fyrom . 
  i dont think so . 
  guard rotations with people that can only work 50 hours a month are probably highly inefficient . 
  and i am pretty sure burning corpses in ovens violates enviromental regulations nowadays . 
  the problem is that many people are in fact stupid . 
  probably not stupid enough to buy this particular number , but still very stupid . 
   i 've read the article and i expected it to explain how this estimate can be so comically low , but it just does n't . 
  its politically inconvenient to admit that we might get 2 million or more this year . 
  so they play it down to save their own asses . 
  hell at this point its all but guaranteed that we get at least a million and very likely that we get more . 
  by now even merkel knows that nobody wants anymore welfare tourists . 
  then go to turkey and handpick your premium refugees from the camps . 
  you can even just pick like women and girls so you dont get evil brown people rape gangs . 
   58 % fear `` new arrivals '' has negative impact for the social security system     54 % believe the conditions for refugee status should not be interpreted too generously i would have expected those two to be much higher , like in the 80 % range for both . 
  the ukraine doesnt have the euro either , holy shit just go to wikipedia before you post please . 
   europeans are n't even willing to defend each other when their sovereignty is in danger . 
  how do you get that idea ? 
  the eu hasnt been threatened by a direct invasion or attack so far . 
  all of recorded history doesnt mean shit if we spend most of it killing each other for some random lords gain . 
  you just assume things and build this nice strawmen of a germany that categorically refuses to fight which is flat out absurd . 
  we were on the balkan ( where we did in fact protect europeans from getting killed ) , we were in afghanistan and we will in fact defend eu members against russian agression if it comes to that . 
  but it wont come to that , the ukraine got screwed * because * putin wanted to prevent them from associating with the west . 
  he knew that he cant touch eu and nato members and he had to prevent the ukraine from moving towards this . 
   1075 refers to the new years eve event alone . 
  1075 is the amount of charges filed . 
  the actual number of criminals will be significantly lower . 
  after all its quite unlikely that everybody of them grabbed a butt and left to give the next one a chance . 
  most probably spend the evening harassing countless women . 
   crime rates for first-generation immigrants `` traditional '' immigrants are usually trying very hard to build a life for themselves and are unlikely to jeopardize it by commiting petty crimes .
