  thats a very simple rule thats also very easy to enforce . 
  i am perfectly capable of seing that isis might actually lie for propaganda reasons and that our intelligence agency has a lot of bad reasons to overstate the threat from terrorist attacks . 
  most notably , they failed to prevent previous attacks and now want to be rewarded for it . 
  but hey if this is too differentiated for you , there are enough doom prophets around . 
   just like the people warning that inviting a gazillion muslims is a bad idea ? 
  is it `` a pinch of salt '' for each of them ? 
  well its obviously a very bad idea . 
  but its mostly a bad idea for social and financial reasons . 
  then again you sound like one of those people that talk about muslim majorities in germany and sharia law forced on germans . 
  intelligence agencies have a tendency to see enemies everywhere . 
  if only because it allows them to demand more power . 
  taking their warning with a gain of salt is very much justified . 
  well no shit , because they want us to believe that this is the case , even if it isnt . 
  if they send 2 squads of fat failures , they would like us to believe they send thousands of super soldiers . 
  if you start listening to isis bullshit , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  they are the illuminaty and had full control of turkey until basically yesterday . 
  they are also responsible for the coup and basically all evil in the world . 
  and dont bother asking for proof , its so obvious , there is proof everywhere . 
  who are you to doubt it ? 
  thats an irrelevant point . 
  the moment you get off your bicycle , you can take off your face covering stuff , just like somebody with a bike would take of their helmet . 
  well you dont have any right to have your opinion represented in the parliament , thats not what democracy is about . 
  if your opinion is so rare that none of the current parties shares it , you simply get the shaft . 
  that doesnt make the system any less democratic , its just an inherent flaw of democracies . 
  if your opinion becomes more widespread , parties will adopt it . 
  if they dont , new parties will rise and collect the voters that share it . 
  religion as a theoretical subject actually doesnt . 
  the religious influence today can largely be explained in terms of personal motivations as well as identity - and power politics and doesnt require an intricate understanding of doctrine and religious traditions . 
  history helps us understand the basics of our current society and also allows detailed analysis of politicians and their motivations from a distance that you cant get when talking about contemporary politics . 
  its imo quite valuable and can teach people even social skills and a certain analytical mindset . 
  its not as bad as it sounds . 
  for once most teachers dont care about religions at all and simply give a religion flavored ethics workshop . 
  you can also just outright take the ethics workshop . 
  a lot of schools also only offer 1 religious workshop . 
  and this flag isnt the flag of the eu , its the flag of europe . 
  it is used by the eu , but also by the council of europe . 
  by your logic , any flag would be a political statement . 
   and lgbt ministers . 
  lgbt , not really . 
  nobody wants gay people . 
  semi attractive lesbians are always hot tho . 
  which is why `` the first gay x in y '' is virtually always one . 
  easier to sell to horny conservatives . 
   the eu-parliament only attracts europhiles which is why we 're not represented well and there 's low voter turnout . 
  farage has a seat in the eu parliament , as does the french fn . 
  eurosceptics have absolutely no problem to use eu institutions for their own benefit , even as they blame them for incompetence or waste of money . 
  the brexit is the result of an incompetent remain campaign that ridiculed itself with apocalyptic stories of war rather than use the actual , economic , arguments they had . 
  its also the result of generations of politicians blaming the eu for their own failure to look better . 
   you do n't integrate by taking away people 's rights . 
  you integrate by including and respecting them as they are . 
  no , thats not integration , thats creating parallel societies . 
  integration means enforcing a certain standard and demanding a certain level of adaption from the foreigners . 
  they have to adapt to us , not the other way around . 
  well then the uk gets to learn a valuable lesson about the effects of populism . 
  but that doesnt matter . 
  if anything its very important that the uk does in fact leave the eu now . 
  even if it backfires horribly , it will be a decent warning shot for populist scum . 
  the brexit is ultimately the result of incompetent , corrupt and dishonest politicians . 
  germany doesnt get cold enough that people have to cover their face . 
  regular scarfs used do not cover a face . 
  and even if they would , its fairly easy to make a law that explicitly allows the use of face covering clothes during extreme weather . 
  german courts are actually very good at establishing whats appropriate and whats not even in highly specific niche situations . 
  the question is how much cooperation with russia a nato member can afford before they become a liability for the alliance . 
  i mean there are appareantly us nuclear weapons in turkey . 
  the us will only tolerate so much from turkeys side . 
  dont be silly , the us dont care about any of those , at least not more than they care about their own influence in the world . 
  it enforces a certain level of integration and screws the most radical muslim sects . 
  both of these things are good . 
  sure it does , for maybe 5-10 days a year and only in a few regions . 
  its fairly possible to ban full face covering . 
   does n't matter since greece is an eu member and when they get asylum , going to germany or france is n't a problem . 
  asylum isnt citizenship , if they get asylum in greece , they cant easily move north . 
  why do you think are the refugees refusing to be registered in greece or italy ? 
  because it could prevent them from getting asylum up north . 
  if this goes through , there isnt any point . 
   turkey already has visa-free regime with greek islands , russia ( until jet crisis ) and they have n't experienced an influx of kurds want to get asylum . 
  why would europe ? 
  because germany and france have large existing muslim populations are are so much wealthier than greece . 
  asylum in greece is fucking worthless for somebody thats out for the money . 
  well maybe they boo because they assume that many of the russian athletes are doping or were at least aware of the doping and did nothing . 
  chances are this isnt an unrealistic assumption . 
  so eastern europe will in fact speak german eventually . 
  excellent . 
  if you dont have the information already to confirm whatever you are told , torture is highly ineffective . 
  thats been proven long ago . 
   for that torture is very useful . 
  for what exactly ? 
  you have the information already and you must have confirmed it already . 
  at that point , you are really just torturing for shits and giggles . 
  and something a lot of people forget : torturing does have a certain effect on the people that do it , and if not , you should be worried about what kind of people work for you . 
  you dont need a 3d printer for that . 
  we already have tons of way to produce shit food that looks and tastes like plastic . 
  people dont buy it now , i dont see why that would change . 
  whos fault is it if you take a job with a bad salary ? 
  so what ? 
  the point is that soldiers dont do anything or have to deal with anything thats completely unheard of . 
  they just deal with more of it , its a numbers game . 
  which is why , especially with conscription gone , being a soldier is now nothing more than a carreer decision . 
  you arent a hero , just somebody that gets paid for a high risk job . 
  not allowing dual citizenship would make it just a little more likely to happen though .
