  honestly : i would like to have an efficient death penalty because i do think some crimes should result in death . 
  but its just not practical . 
  by a court , not an angry mob . 
  and i am pretty sure the judge wont call even convicted criminals scum that shouldnt have human right and basically isnt human anyway . 
  tolerance has limits . 
  you cant shot somebody and mock him for his low bullet tolerance . 
  people that come to europe have to live according to our rules . 
  this includes learning the local language , following the instruction of the asylum process and maybe , just maybe be fucking grateful that we save their fucking lifes . 
  because you know , thats the only kind of people we should take . 
  those that are actually run from wars . 
  in my experience , those that run from actual danger tend to be humble . 
  the entitled jackass migrants are probably just that . 
  you massively underestimate the cost of refugee integration and just how slippery the balance of western economies can be . 
  so yes we would actually be fucked royally if we take 22 million people in , i dont even think this is debatable . 
  but we wont take 22 million in , not even something close to that . 
  or right he was convicted of being a criminal . 
  open the gas valves !, 
  racist or not , saying people should be stripped of human rights when being accused of commiting a crime is idiotic at best . 
  fun fact : every single murderer has the right to a lawyer that defends him/her . 
  there is a reason its called human rights , not well behaving nice person rights . 
  they apply to criminals too . 
  i am really tempted to say good riddance , but its bild ... 
  simple : i wrote it before and others have suggested the same . 
  set up processing centers for refugees outside of our borders . 
  deport every illegal immigrant within our borders to these centers to apply for asylum there , no exceptions . 
  this will kill most smuggling and end the business of most smugglers . 
  it will also stop the drowing in the mediteran sea . 
  it will also completely change the narrative that is served to the refugees . 
  once you take out the smugglers , there will be a lot less misinformation which again , will reduce refugee numbers . 
  people come to europe because its easy to do so and being deported is unlikely . 
  these two things can be fixed while still taking in legitimate refugees . 
  oh i dont think you realise what kind of choices we have . 
  if this crisis explodes more and more people in europe will stop caring about the refugees . 
  right wing parties will gain even more ground and we will see just what kind of ugly choices democracies can make . 
  there are a lot of choices . 
  i sure as hell hope we wont see just how much . 
  stop spreading lies to make yourself feel better . 
  public opinion in general is shifting against refugees . 
  which is only logical . 
  a lot of people talk big and want to welcome refugees as long as they come in small numbers . 
  once the reality of mass migration hits , people realise that dreams dont pay bills and integration is a difficult progress . 
  its easy to glorify migration if you dont actually have to face it . 
  in the end the shift in opinion here reflects the general shift in opinion in europe right now . 
   people do n't live to live . 
  they have hopes and expectations of themselves . 
  stop being delusional . 
  we cant take everybody just because they can reach their dreams easier in europe . 
  we take people that flee from war and destruction , not low opportunities and slow lifes . 
  honestly : it worked to some degree in the end . 
  afghanistan might turn into an islamist shithole again , but as long as they dont start any wars i dont care . 
  i 'd say syrians are fucked harder than afghans right now . 
  then again i 'd prefer we just let russia deal with syria as they see it fit . 
  much better than a direct intervenition by the nato . 
   uk is one of the few that has managed to live up to our promises . 
  well some countries cut the funding for external projects because they take in refugees directly . 
  cutting this funding while only taking a token number of refugees would be silly . 
   if you have the possibility to live in a tiny turkish society , you 're never going to learn more about germans . 
  which is 100 % their own fault . 
  being lazy isnt an excuse , especially not when living at the expenses of others . 
  there are hospitality traditions in both christian and muslim countries and all of those explicitly include rules and duties for the guest . 
  this is not about culture or integration , its about basic decency and being grateful that other people pay for your fucking life because its the nice thing to do . 
  but too much of those `` refugees '' are arrogant , entitled bastards . 
  you dont even know what you 're talking about . 
  merkel didnt suspend anything . 
  courts said we cant send people back to shit countries because they are shit and cant take care of those people . 
  merkel said it on a bigger stage and took the pr boost for it . 
  the new goverment would be the same parties with the same people . 
   there 's no such thing as `` refusing to intergrate '' . 
  yes there is . 
   integration is a natural process and is not something you can fight if the host country is open to having you . 
  so you basically say : the immigrants can do no wrong ? 
  damn son , you are completely delusional . 
  these people are morons . 
  you dont have to do anything and they will give up their pathetic strike in 2-3 days at most . 
  yes . 
  tickets to freedom land bring more money than tickets to other places . 
  just call the police . 
  a criminal offense on the record is still a bit of a deal in germany . 
  no its not . 
  its just used out of context , a lot . 
   far from home for a war that is only so others get riche the question is : if you are raised with a lot of awareness of your ethnicy and others ethnicy , are you really sure that you would perceive these other groups as your people ? 
  what you said can be applied not only to foreign wars , but also to defensive wars if the local goverment is assumed to be corrupt or if ethnical borders effectively split the nation . 
  i mean you are right in general , but its easy to say that you 'd defend your country if you were raised to identify with your country . 
  if you were raised to identify with your ethnic group first and your religion next . 
  why would you defend an arbitrary country lead by corrupt politicians ? 
   they still have to prove they are syrians at the asylum process surely having a syrian passport does make this a little easier . 
  and its not about traveling here illegaly , its about asylum fraud . 
  i really dont get why this is hard . 
  these people receive food or money to buy food right ? 
  if they get food at the place they live , they simply cant leave it because they wouldnt have food . 
  if they receive money , force them to sign something daily and cut their benefits for not doing so . 
  i mean they should be registered with finger prints . 
  do we really not have an eu wide database for this shit ? 
  so what ? 
  they will go where they are told to go or they get deported . 
  once they are registered , it shouldnt be hard to force them to live at their asigned place . 
  what they want is irrelevant . 
  what matter is that we need to process refugees in a way that discourages illegal immigration . 
  doing so means processing them outside of our borders . 
  this means we need a plan of how to distribute those that we do accept .
