  as far as i am concerned everybody that wants to take a shot at sorting out this mess can go ahead and try . 
  i dont mind the russian intervenition that much for this very reason . 
  i would also prefer if we just tell turkey they will never get into the eu , but i guess that would be politically inconvenient . 
  a regular apprenticeship in germany is 3 years . 
  it is possible to cut it down to 2 years , but that doesnt happen very often and is especially unlikely for people that havent visited a german school . 
  which leaves 1-2 years for asylum processing , finding a place to live and learning the language . 
  considering how hard it is to learn german , that seems realistic . 
  and no they cant skip the apprenticeship . 
  its really fucking hard to get a good job in germany without formal job training . 
  syrian job training wont be worth much either , the apprenticeship in germany has a very good reputation and is valued highly by companies . 
  http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article147608982/sieben-von-zehn-fluechtlingen-brechen-ausbildung-ab.html this is an example of how successful the first `` refugees '' were with their apprenticeships . 
  70 % dropped out . 
  this will of course change , but it will take a lot of time . 
  the additional support that these people need to get their shit together will also cost money . 
   that 's not actually true . 
  i did the calculations in a previous post based on sweden 's figures , and it seems that every 1 million refugees in europe effectively increases taxes by 0.5 % , because of how much they give back too . 
  it will take at the very least 3-4 years for a highly motivated migrant until they can even get a proper job in germany . 
  and i doubt that the majority will be motivated enough and determined enough to do this , most will likely take even more time . 
  we `` confiscate '' ( not really ) their valuables because we actually have to pay every single one of them welfare . 
  we cant just pick a few that we support and hope the un takes care of the rest . 
  half of the nation also elected this goverment . 
  i really fucking hate it when people try to wiggle out of their democratic responsibility . 
  turkey elected erdogan , so turkey gets to pay the bills for doing so . 
  just like germany has to deal with merkels shit . 
   also , what has the eu done to end the crisis in syria ? 
  sure , everyone hates isis , but what about assad and the rebels ? 
  why is the eu responsible for syrias fate ? 
  if anything , turkey should be significantly more invested than the eu because it borders syria . 
  not really , the political part of the un is basically useless . 
  the un based charities seem to do a decent job though . 
   europe is hosting 7 % of the total and already cries like it is hosting 99 % . 
  because we have to spend an order of magnitude more money per head than turkey . 
  turkey can just let most of the syrians rot in camps and let the un take care of it . 
  it wasnt unstable because it was necessary . 
  now that the need for this form of family isnt there anymore and men and women arent forced into their roles anymore , things will change . 
  women will ask why they arent allowed to do certain things . 
  men will ask why they have to provide for the whole family rather than splitting the work . 
  this society was stable purely because there was no other choice . 
  now there is . 
  so the question is simple : do you want progress or not ? 
  this helps muslim womens to have just marginally better lifes . 
  which is why its happening : its good for the women without being so radical that it would get shut down by their patriach overlords . 
  if you deny them this : their lifes will stay as shit as they are now . 
  if you tell them to abaddon islam to have a better life , they will tell you that they cant because its all they know ( and that they might get killed by their family for it ) . 
  asking them to abaddon islam would also turn this into a conflict of religions . 
  this only helps the radicals on both sides because it drives everybody to them . 
  dont get me wrong , i think this is stupid as hell . 
  segregating genders just seems wrong . 
  but if this is what it takes to get the job done , to ( very ) slowly modernize islam in the west , then i can accept that . 
  not as the final form of islam , but as a step in the right direction . 
  ultimately : you have to decide between being pragmatic and getting a little bit of progress , or feeling good about yourself and alienating muslims which only drives them into the hands of radicals . 
  to be fair , this is probably the best they can do for now . 
  christianity didnt reform over night . 
  so changing muslim womens life from being shit to being slightly less shit is probably as good as it gets for now . 
  if you insist on all all or nothing approach to modernizing you 'll just get a whole lot of people that chose not to modernize . 
  because really : if you turn this into a conflict of cultures , just about anybody will pick their own culture over the foreign one . 
   where women are in a sense second class citizens any society that has a significant group of second class citizens is a shitty society . 
  even if you are a guy and dont give a damn about girls , discriminating people for arbitrary reasons tends to cause instability . 
  let me put it this way : do you think there can be a `` healthy society '' where every black person is a slave ? 
   the less said about humanities innate empathy the better . 
  why ? 
  moral is virtually always a cultural luxury . 
  we use it if we can `` afford '' it ie if it doesnt cost us too much and we discard moral behaviour when its inconvenient . 
  that isnt even bad . 
  morals can be awkwardly abstract sometimes . 
  the kind of absolute and abstract morals that religion often uses is in fact obsolete and not practical for a modern society . 
  yes religion did have an impact on our society , but this impact is increasingly unimportant just as religion is increasingly unimportant . 
  humans are perfectly capable of being moral without religion and religious people are just as capable of being monsters as everybody else . 
   ( companies , unions , people , governments ) why should goverments be restricted ? 
  after all this whole thing is about legal issues . 
  its ridiculous that there is any limitation for goverments . 
  dont rely on tsipras , he has already turned around 180 ' once , he will do so again if its good for his carreer . 
   the final agreement needs to be ratified by the eu parliament but the lobbies will argue that because some parts are good , we have to accept the absolutely horribe shit as well . 
  thats why its bad that its not more accessible yet . 
   i hope this works , but it 's a complete joke that it 's had to come to nato stepping in . 
  whats the difference ? 
  the operation is led by a german vessel and supported by greek and turkish forces . 
  so its 2 eu members and turkey . 
  which just happens to be the parties directly affected by the migrant waves . 
   / u/zurfur75 is pretty critical of the kremlin , frankly . 
  he 's rather-more-cynical about it than i am . 
  and he 's an / r/europe mod . 
  implying that russia could get back at turkey by supplying the kurds with modern weapons certainly sounds like putin style machismo , especially because its such a stupid idea . 
  might as well just say `` russia stronk '' not sure how i am supposed to know that the guy is a mod either , his name looks like a normal username to me . 
  i dont have any reason to assume that moderators of a sub are automatically always correct and objective either . 
  thr kurds might feel temped to use this new equipment against the russians syrian friends . 
  then again at least you admit that russia is actively fighting the ukraine . 
  that makes you a nicer putinbot version . 
  i wonder if russia voted against giving the ukraine a loan . 
  must be annoying for putin to spend russian money to help the enemy . 
  banning them from cities would be more than enough , for now . 
   maybe it 's fear , maybe it 's being egoistic . 
  its `` egoistic '' in a sense that women are now real people and not automatically forced to raise the children . 
  this means that raising children gets more complicated because as a society we havent yet figured out how to share the burden of raising children properly . 
  the best way would be to make childcare free and avaliable for everybody . 
  this is happening in some countries , but were not really there yet . 
  basically : life is more complicated and we have yet to find a ( perfect ) solution for it . 
  well europe is helping the ukraine to rebuild right now . 
  unfortunately , one of the primary problem with doing so are corrupt ukrainian politicians and the generally slow progress in getting rid of corruption and setting up a more federal system . 
  but anyway , that doesnt have much to do with the thread .
