   if they are legally binding why are they up for discussion at the negotiations ? 
  because the uk can always say no and its not like we 're gon na send the tanks . 
  though they obviously have more to lose than the eu does , a lot of politics is based on mutual trust . 
  if the uk screws the eu on these things they might get screwed back later on . 
  belarus cant turn on russia now . 
  just like the ukraine , their system is too corrupt . 
  the west wont welcome belarus with open arms , but putin is likely to retaliate if belarus tries it . 
  judging from the article , its not like anybody would want to live in this village anyway . 
  and outlawing ( what does that even mean ? ), 
  `` public displays of affection by gay people '' just makes you a piece of shit . 
  let the morons gulag themselves , nobody with a brain will miss them . 
  edit : according to wikipedia , the mayor is the vice president of the jobbik party . 
  oh my , the russians might mock him . 
  i bet he cares a lot for the mockery of poor fools without a future . 
  seing how the us also have the death penalty , yeah why wouldnt they ? 
  the us have no moral high ground when it comes to capital punishment . 
  well when it comes to law : being stupid and not knowing the rules doesnt protect you from the rules being used on you . 
  its the same way with democracy as far as i am concerned : falling for populism is your own fault , no matter what . 
  if you elect a populist , you ( as in the society that elects the populist ) deserve what you get , no exceptions . 
  italy 's problem isnt their economy . 
  tackling corruption and organized crime would probably be more important for them , especially as this should help the economy as well . 
  afaik italy has a massive bureaucracy problem , that cant be good for attracting investments . 
  dont think so , pretty sure he is not a good speaker and would have embarassed himself . 
  its probably much better for his pr to meet the queen anyway without having to give a speech . 
  a dignified picture with the queen is worth a lot more than a weird speech in front of an eye rolling and giggling parliament . 
   were even the relieving of debt is so horrid to many national lawmakers , we cant even be amicable about money how will that get better if we add lives to it ? 
  thats because the current treatment of greece is considered damage control . 
  not for greece , but for the ez . 
  the general idea is that the greek dug their own grave and shouldnt be rewarded for it . 
  if you want to compare it with a military scenario it would be comparable to a nato member attacking russia and then asking for help to defend themselves . 
  they wouldnt get any because it 'd be perceived as their own fault . 
  just like the greek issue is perceived as the greeks fault , whether thats true/fair or not . 
  what does that have to do with this topic ? 
  an efficiency boost is good regardless of spending level . 
  nobody thinks about generations , the forest is there now . 
  what happens after its gone is irrelevant for these people . 
  which is why they never needed to defend themselves in modern times . 
  since ireland lacks the fetish to play world police , they do not actually rely on the uk to defend themselves . 
  against whom ? 
  i think ireland mostly relies on being thousands of kilometers away from any even slightly hostile or agressive neighbour . 
  no modern ship is designed to take hits . 
  still , any navy would rather have a missile or torpedo hit a destroyer escort rather than a supercarrier . 
  even if the torpedo rips the destroyer apart , its a lesser loss than what it would do to a carrier . 
  a lot of `` religious '' people in developed countries do not practice their religion at all . 
  a christian that steps into a church once a year and doesnt do anything religious outside of that might as well be agnostic or an atheist . 
  people follow token religious traditions for the tradition just as much as the religious part . 
  hell i would dare to say 90 + % of the german `` christians '' have not read the bible entirely or attent religious gatherings on a regular basis . 
  at some point religion becomes merely personal belief which is imo quite different . 
  i mean if it would help them to gain members i have no doubt that they woud . 
  eu voting is set up to favor small countries over large , they get a disappropriate amount of voting power . 
  unlike a lot of countries with right wing upstarts , the afd has no chance at all to get anything done at the elections though . 
  and while our social system isnt perfect , its fairly robust . 
  being on welfare in germany sucks , but you still have an okayish life and dont have to worry about basics like food , healthcare or the education of your children . 
  the price of democracy is being forced to live with the decision of the majority even if you were against it . 
  beyond basic concern for minorities , thats what you have to deal with . 
  you are not beign punished for being a brit , you simply experience one of the side effects of a democratic system . 
   i want to remain an eu citizen and live on the continent you can do this , nothing is stopping you . 
  just get a eu citizenship and you are fine . 
  and if you dont get them out they 'll try this every few months until it works . 
  you cant tolerate corruption , get rid of it . 
  your post is so stupid , you are making me defend merkel . 
  the uk was never happy in the eu , it was their decision to leave and it was coming for a long time . 
  the failure of the ez is accepting countries like greece , that wasnt really merkels decision . 
  i am not sure how merkel would manage to force other goverments into accepting obviously non binding referendi ( ? ), 
  i guess you have a bit of a point here , but again i dont think merkel had that much influence on the dublin agreement . 
  technically speaking germany actually used it extensively . 
  taking 1,2 million refugees was part of the rules of dublin that allows state to take responsibility for refugees voluntarily . 
  germany did so to support greece , even if it did end up as a mess . 
   apply for asylum , grab the cash , change back and fly home ? 
  applying for asylum gets them registered with fingerprints nowadays , at least as far as i know . 
  they also dont get the 1200 bucks the day they sign up for asylum . 
  it probably takes weeks if not months to process them until this offer comes up . 
  and they 'd have to spend that time or a lot of it in a supervised refugee center . 
  yeah nobody will take it . 
  its only this low to prevent people from exploiting it . 
  we could pay them 50k per head and it would still be the cheaper solution for us . 
  it costs more than 1200 euro to get smuggled into germany . 
  even if you can get it done cheaper , the profit would be minimal . 
   why ? 
  it does by no means share the same internal pressures that we see in europe , nor will it be subjected to much external ones . 
  the us as a society are far more polarized and divided than most of the eu . 
  it doesnt matter if trump lost the popular vote , he still has a ton of supporters that represent the us just as much as obama did . 
  unlike the eu , they cant just split or allow states to leave brexit style if staying doesnt work out . 
  on top of that the lack of social services and basic stuff like healthcare means the poor in the us are screwed much more than they 'd be in most of europe . 
  as much as it would hurt us if the eu fails , it would be a walk in the park compared to what could happen to the us if they cant maintain at least their current level of social cohesion . 
  mind you its extremely unlikely to happen , but i dont see how the eu could impode either . 
  if anything the eu is gon na get a whole lot smaller , which is fine . 
  leave the eu and join efta if it makes you feel better . 
  it sure as hell doesnt make a difference for anybody else . 
  the us would lose a tradewar should they engage in one . 
  you cant start an economic war with the rest of the world , not even if you are potus . 
  the only result of a us tradewar with europe would be more influence for china and just about every enemy of the us . 
  that doesnt come from germans , it comes from us media praising merkel and hoping she will lead the free world now that the us will not . 
  nobody in germany cares anyway . 
  nobody here wants to lead the free world . 
  as far as i am concerned everybody outside of europe and our direct neighbours can do whatever the hell they want . 
  the eu should focus inwards and clean up our own mess . 
  the `` free world '' aka the us can fix their shit themselves . 
  because whatever jobs havent been outsourced to china yet will probably stay . 
  if only because sooner or later robots will be a better solution than outsourcing .
