  this guy didnt come out of kindergarten . 
  he is/was either lying because he knew it wouldnt be possible to get it done . 
  or he is incompetent and naive for thinking that the jungle that is us politics would simply bend over for him once he is elected . 
  either option would ultimately be his failure . 
  the current generation of politicians grew up in the cold war . 
  sucking us dick is in their nature . 
  wait 30 to 40 years until we have politicians that dont suffer from this delusion and europe will be much more willing to oppose this kind of crap from the us . 
  obama is honestly full of shit . 
  he seriously said europe has to take a greater burden of the current crisis in syria . 
  sure lets do that , right after the us take ~ 2 million syrian refugees . 
  terrorists are terrorists , nobody gives a shit if you like those particular terrorists more than the evil brown people . 
  it really doesnt matter where they are put . 
  as long as they will not be allowed to settle down in europe and live a regular life , they will get the message . 
   how will we handle the refugee situation without the help of turkey ? 
  `` your asylum application was denied , feel free to sit in this well guarded shithole camp until you remember where you came from '' . 
  problem solved . 
  we will * never * fix the refugee problem as long as the incentives are there . 
  once coming to europe isnt worth it anymore , nobody will come . 
  and dont cry about camps being mean . 
  we pay turkey to do the same , just a little further away and with less cameras . 
  as i said , europe is pretty weak right now . 
  we dont actually need turkey . 
  but our politicians are afraid of getting their hands dirty , so they sell out to the sultan in ankara to appear competent . 
  not weak , but dependant . 
  they want to play world power , they want bases in the middle east . 
  that means they have to make a deal with one of the medieval shithole nations down there . 
  sure they arent weak in a traditional sense , but they can be exploited still . 
  china will overtake the eu sooner or later . 
  this ranking is completely pointless . 
   the fact that europe would speed up integration because they lost the biggest opponent is incredibly worrying . 
  why is it worrying ? 
  everybody that doesnt like it can leave the eu whenever they feel like it . 
  i very much prefer a small , more efficient eu with clear goals to a perpetually crippled mess that doesnt go anywhere because of 50 different and competing interests . 
  erdogan does enjoy a lot of support in turkey . 
  sure it might not be a majority , but he still got ~ 40 % at the second election he staged . 
  if people fall for his shit , its their own fault . 
  turkey doesnt deserve pity , erdogan is their problem . 
  saudi arabia is our ally too . 
  if you are weak , you dont get to pick your friends . 
  and money or not , europe is weak right now . 
  the afd are a bunch of idiots . 
  but they at least make sure merkel cant just fool around anymore and actually has to deliver * something * . 
  its more competition for a political system full of arrogant , dead parties . 
  ok i will make this so simple that you will understand it : - do you think the ukraine would have used nuclear weapons against russia if they still had them ? 
  - dont you think that if they wouldnt use these weapons , russia would know it and nothing would have changed ? 
   because in case conventional military fails , they still have backup option to take everyone down with themselves exactly . 
  nuclear weapons dont actually help you defend yourself . 
  you just kill everybody else too if you die . 
  thats why they are impractical for defense . 
  you need several steps of escalation in order to defend yourself . 
  you cant sit on a big red button alone . 
  the ukraine would * not * have used nukes if they still had them to deter russia . 
  the conflict wasnt clear enough for that . 
  you need a proper , conventional military to defend yourself . 
  and once you have that , whats the point of having nukes again ? 
   if their existence will be threatened , i think they will go with nuclear strike anyway . 
  at least a limited one . 
  thats a hilarious argument . 
  nothing threatens anybodies existance more than starting a nuclear war . 
  let me tell you which kind of people would use nukes first : idots . 
  nobody wins a nuclear war . 
  you sound like you 'd vote for a putin style strong men politician that promises to get back at russia for treating your country badly . 
  holy shit you are deluded . 
  a lot of pirates cant afford the stuff they download . 
  not a majority , but still . 
  most notably : how many kids download videogames because they cant buy them all ? 
  how many of those simply buy the stuff once they earn money and can afford it ? 
  i mean what kind of person that isnt an outcast or poor risks going to court just to save a few bucks for a movie or game ? 
  its really mostly the poor , the outcasts and kids that pirate a lot of stuff . 
  not for the rest of the eu ahahaha . 
  if a tiny nation like one of the baltics uses nukes against russia , they will all die . 
  either in nuclear fire from a counter attack , or more likely because russia will demand vengeance and the rest of the world wont care very much if a bunch of nutjobs that used nukes bite the dust . 
  you simply can not use nukes without turning everybody against you . 
  and thats very much a good thing . 
  the us probably wouldnt intervene at all if russia answers a nuclear strike with a conventional invasion . 
  using nukes wouldnt improve the chances for russia to survive , it would make them worse . 
  i dont think putin and his lackeys are hyper nationalists that would die for mother russia if they take enough ` muricans with them . 
  they seem to be traditional cleptocrats that simply use nationalism as a tool to control others . 
  these kind of people doesnt want to go out in a blaze of glory . 
  the nato is safe because russia wouldnt survive a counterattack . 
  you cant defend yourself against a larger neighbour willing to burn their economy by overspending on the military . 
  but the nato as a whole can deal with russia . 
  not by preventing russia from invading , but by making sure its not worth it . 
  the reason the ukaine and some other nations got screwed is because they were not in the nato or eu . 
  nukes dont mean anything . 
  nobody will use them to defend against an invasion of conventional forces . 
  the baltics are only safe because the us back them up . 
  its not impossible for russia to take the baltics , but it would backfire massively . 
  that will never change . 
  this isnt about success , but she is a particulary spineless person , even for a politician . 
  i mean she has basically turned around 180 * on every major issue in the last 10 years . 
  i mean they take one for the team to make a point for the eu , isnt that selfless by them ? 
  call the queen and knight them asap . 
  yes , whats your point ? 
  its actually healthy not to eat meat every day . 
  proper vegan and vegetarian food is also good for regular people that eat meat , it gives them more options . 
  i personally would never stop eating meat , but i eat meat maybe twice a weak and i enjoy good food without meat . 
  alright then , why will russia be more than a regional power in several decades ? 
  what will make russia so important that its a global player ? 
  because you know , nukes dont mean shit .
