  she didnt need or get any surgery and didnt have much issues beyond the sterility as far as i remember . 
  but things like this happen . 
  even though they are technically deficiencies rather than a genuine `` third gender '' , we need to deal with them and allow these people an okay life . 
  simply put : even though there are very , very few people that would fit this category , they exist and as such should be recognized . 
  its pretty normal to be adressed as mr/mrs on a daily basis by various people , and your id should reflect the way you are adressed . 
  pretty sure its real now . 
  though for all we know the original intention was satire , it just attracted enough crazies that it became real . 
  its actually straight up tyranny under a flag you happen to like . 
  lots of studies show that death penalty is more expensive though . 
  mind you i also think that * some * crimes would be worth the death penalty . 
  but in practice its not worth having it around for fringe cases and it is very much not practical to use . 
  of course we would . 
  german politicians suck us dicks quite fervently and israel is still mostly above suspicion by virtue of being israel . 
  merkel in particular would not dare to go against either of those countries . 
  not really . 
  sure this is nice if you have a nice goverment , it stops being nice once you get a trump/erdogan/orban . 
  which is kind of my point . 
  there is always lots of haggling . 
  germany cant force things onto anybody . 
  ireland earned some favors back then and most likely ows a couple of countries a favor for the priority during the early brexit talks . 
  unfortunately , i seem to have misplaced my book which lists who ows favors to whom in the eu , but i am sure somebody in brussels , berlin and dublin also took notes . 
  this has nothing to do with forcing shit onto smaller countries like / u/letmesleep69 claimed . 
  ireland agreed to the taxation regulations it now refuses to enforce . 
  not really , at least not this important . 
  and it certainly doesnt need to be finalized this early during the talks . 
  this is an obvious and rather large favor for ireland . 
  its not going to be cheap . 
  a race to the bottom isnt sustainable or desireable for any country , including ireland . 
  i am pretty sure you can . 
  germany for example collects taxes for churches with the income tax . 
  offer that to islamic communities in exchange for heavy regulations . 
  at the end of the day some will agree , if nothing else out of pure greed . 
  some nice eu level sanctions against qatar and saudi arabia combined with completely freezing any and all cooperation with them would be a good idea . 
  oh and no religious organisation shouldnt be allowed to receive foreign funds . 
  even if that kills the catholic churchs operation as collateral damage . 
  pretty sure foreign funding for mosques is pretty normal for all of europe . 
  its also a pretty bad idea , but still . 
  its mostly about closing loopholes . 
  if every single company doing business in the eu , but paying taxes only in ireland would actually pay the 12,5 % , everything would be fine . 
  but loopholes and illegal backroom deals mean companies pay much less . 
  just look at that apple deal . 
  and if they decide to leave everybody would win . 
  so lets just go ahead with that . 
  small countries holding the entire eu hostage with a ridiculous tax heaven is also going to break the eu . 
  its not like ireland cant ask for something in return . 
  its fairly common for the eu to trade favors . 
  speaking of favors , the unusual priority of irish reunification for the brexit talks probably did cost ireland a favor or two . 
   why would n't there be a problem to compete ? 
  because 99 % of all people dont buy the cheapest possible product no matter what . 
  i mean the fact that 99 % of all clothes are not sold for 1-3 usd/euro a piece should really have clued you in on that . 
  anyway , this means there is room for brands and other ways of creating at least perceived value for the customer . 
  being made in your country is just one possible option . 
  globalism is mostly associated with deregulation and getting rid of trade barriers , which tends to be bad for the local labor market and income distribution , though good for the raw gdp . 
  internationalism is mostly meant in a sense of `` workers of the world unite '' , which is a very left wing approach and emphasizes cooporation of the proleratiat * against * the global mega corps that only pay taxes if cornered . 
  actually , you dont . 
  the security council isnt meant to decide things and take action . 
  its meant to prevent action . 
  only the 5 permanent members get veto powers . 
  and a single veto will stop any resolution , even if its supported by everybody else . 
  you are allowed to cast a vote , but the important people decide whether or not your vote means anything . 
  which means that at the end of the day the big 5 make the actual decisions between them and the rest can either agree or fuck off , it means nothing either way . 
  too bad all of you country will get for this is being able to watch non irrelevant countries making decisions you never will . 
  i guess belgium is really cheap these days . 
   the un is n't anything . 
  the un is two hundred plus nations all struggling for their little piece of the pie . 
      some un institutions do legitimately good work . 
  i do n't care what you say , having unicef in the world is a net positive . 
      other institutions and commissions are controlled by nations like saudi arabia . 
  the problem is that the un is actually worthless . 
  the charity parts of the un could easily exist without the political parts . 
  and the political parts of the un are completely impotent , except for the security council which isnt impotent , but makes sure the rest of the un is . 
  except that non permanent seats are kind of worthless . 
  the only purpose of the security council is noping out of un regulations . 
  belgium wont get that . 
  but hey thanks for proving once again that the un is a joke without a punchline . 
  wasnt she technically just a minor moving with her legal guardian ? 
  i mean we know how this is going to end and its probably not pretty . 
  but a child moving with her parents isnt illegal . 
  if erdogan is stupid enough to start a blatant , full scale invasion it will indeed be defended with guns and bombs . 
  if he is smart about it and tries to pull off something vaguely crimean , he 's gon na get some * very * witty remarks from a random guy in the european parliament . 
  like the ukraine eh ? 
  evidently not . 
  erdogan was elected multiple times before he had the power to take over for good . 
  you might not like and and i am not the greatest fan either , but turkey got to this point because it wanted to . 
  so what you are saying is : there is no legitimate skill to being a politician ? 
  its just being better at manipulation and , judging from the sound of your post , witchcraft ? 
  so if a person with absolutely zero clue about being a politician jumps into politics and fails , it cant be a lack of skill or experience , they just werent willing to do all the evil things politicians appareantly must do ? 
  thats certainly an interesting perspective . 
  i dont see the german goverment refusing to confirm judges whos appointment was explicitly ruled lawful by the constitutional court itself . 
  also note : it requires a 2/3 majority in both chambers to appoint judges . 
  and there is little controversy about these appointments in germany . 
  our judges also cant be fired by the goverment , they can only be released from their duty by their peers , after commiting crimes or violating their own rules . 
  unlike your judges which can be fired by a parliament majority , which goverments typically have . 
  so yeah , the situation in germany is indeed much better and the court is much stronger , particular against the goverment . 
  our goverment didnt call the constitutional court `` bastion of everything that is bad in germany '' either . 
  thanks for correctly pointing that out . 
  or maybe , just maybe , he was just bad at being a politician . 
  politics is a social job . 
  varoufakis is an economist * . 
  he didnt fail because he was too pure for the dark world of politics .
