  who has half a million soldiers and is willing to deploy at least a 100.000 for 50 years ? 
  any volunteers ? 
  thought as much . 
  merkel has had the support of a majority for a long time . 
  i think she only lost it after nye . 
  and she was elected after all . 
  at some point citizens cant weasel out of their responsibility anymore . 
  especially those that supported merkel 6 months ago . 
  because you probably didnt come here claiming asylum . 
  economic migrants are fine if they play by the rules for economic migrants . 
  its not fine if they get in by lying their ass off and leech welfare for years because they have no marketable skills at all . 
  alright then , its not like anybody will for nations into joining this . 
  in fact i would prefer it if a hypothetical superstate would be france , germany and benelux only . 
  we cant fuck up again like we did with the eu . 
  there must be absolutely zero compromise when building an actual european state . 
  either nations are 100 % in , accept the rules and meet the criteria . 
  or they dont get in . 
  the main problem the eu has is inviting random countries that want very different things . 
  we cant repeat this mistake . 
  this one is more of a comical `` elections in north korea '' style referendum though . 
  yours actually means something . 
  this is why laws like this must be removed asap . 
  its nothing more than a tool for an ambitious autocrat to silence people and ruin lifes . 
  these laws arent jokes and dont become harmless just because your current goverment/president/whatever doesnt enforce them . 
   what 's lame is the snail speeds at which traditional media providers are adapting to modern consumers . 
  alright then , those companies are lame . 
  how does that give anybody the right to pirate their content ? 
  why can you demand access to a companies content , at your conditions no less ? 
  if a company gives you an offer and you dont like it , dont take it . 
  this entitlement is ridiculous . 
  a two tier system could also be eu+efta , its basically the 2 tier system we have right now . 
   that should n't be the end goal of the eu why not ? 
  if a country doesnt like it , they can leave , just like the uk might . 
  the euro simply wont work without a degree of political integration that is closer to a single state than a lose trade union . 
  if he doesnt cancel the contract and the landlord feels like fucking him royaly they can keep the contract running until its not such small sum anymore and then hire a good lawyer to collect . 
  after all , why should the landlord cancel the contract if there isnt somebody that would be interested in renting the flat right away ? 
  things like this can get ugly and its stupid not to cancel a contract just because you are lazy . 
  its fine , studying in germany infects them with a bad case of healthcare appreciation and communism . 
  we send them back as infiltrators to destroy the land of the free from within . 
   20 surprisingly inaccurate ways of breaking europe, 
   no , i 'm not gon na go through the hassle of locating the distributor 's website , registering for their distribution service and paying $ 8 to watch the movie in my browser in a quality that looks shitty on tv . 
  i 'll just grab that shit off tpb in 5 minutes and watch it whenever i want . 
  so why do you think do you have a right to consume any media you like at your terms ? 
  dont get me wrong , i also hate to sign up for a thousand shitty services to get my products . 
  but if i cant get a product in a convenient way that meets my demands , i simply wont get it . 
  hell i would really like to play mass effect andromeda . 
  but since ea wont put it on any service i can be bothered to use i wont ever get to play it . 
  which is a bit of a shame , but its ultimately my decision not to use the service that offers this product and i can live with the consequences . 
  even if i someday feel like torrenting it i wont have any delusions as to why i do that : because i dont want to pay for it . 
  this `` i torrent stuff in self defense because they wont sell it to me on * my * terms '' excuse is lame . 
  which is retarded , there is no right to a monopoly . 
  its a perfectly fine decision not to offer your movies on netflix . 
  maybe netflix isnt willing to pay what they demand ? 
  who says whats a fair cut and whats not ? 
  if you torrent movies , you might as well torrent all of them . 
  everything else is just a lame excuse to make you feel better . 
  the only way to really get at least a majority of the attackers would be to round up the entire group right away and haul them to a police station to register them , take pictures to show victims , etc. 
  most refugees only have provisional papers and can easily get new papers if they need to . 
  theres really not much that can be done weeks after the crime . 
  yeah eu 15 or rather 14 would be great . 
  i wouldnt mind going a little lower if it turns out 14 is still too much to get things done . 
  but eu14 would be a major improvement . 
  probably not , but it makes georgia look stupid for biting off more than they could chew . 
   of course greece gain nothing but maybe better relations with the country 's that feel threatened by russia . 
  the countries that feel threatened by russia could also gain better relations with greece by not screwing greece over with closed borders . 
  emptying machine guns into refugee boats is considered impolite though . 
  praising dead people is easy . 
  it also helps to claim their heritage to gain support from those that happened to like said dead people . 
  the dead are usually not in a position to call people out for misusing their work and misinterpreting their position . 
  wouldnt hurt if they work in the snow as well . 
  you know , just in case ... 
  aggressive tourism . 
  since we have no permanent deposit for nuclear waste , our nuclear power plants will not make us energy independant . 
  once this issue is fixed , well who knows . 
  reliability has a value on its own , and companies love reliable business almost as much as highly profitable business . 
   geographically ( if that were even relevant ) , they have every business being in the eu . 
  so does russia . 
  in fact russia has a much better geographical claim to eu membership . 
  its not going to happen either way . 
  i honestly dont think we will be able to maintain eu28/27 as it is right now . 
  so we should really stop inviting countries and figure out just what the hell the existing 28 members want the eu to be , and if its possible to find a single solution for all of those very different interests . 
  realistically , we will get a 2 speed eu or a tiny core eu plus a free trade zone sooner or later . 
  merkel is just grasping at straws . 
  she would sell out whatever she needs to for erdogans support . 
  everybody knows that the real reward for turkey would be fast visa , not a faster ascension to the eu . 
  the afd is far right . 
  they might have started out differently , but they have invited some seriously hard right politicians and have generally focused almost exclusively on the migrant issue . 
  mind you i personally didnt understand the outrage at petrys statements , its quite normal that guns are used as a last resort for border control . 
  but i havent seen her entire statement so whatever . 
  well maybe i am a competitive axe murderer and like a good challenge , what do you know ? 
  its still a local crime with no international relevance . 
  if we 'd get a thread every time somebody is murdered in europe the sub would be pretty bad . 
  in some cases you cant get out early afaik . 
  i am not sure if this applies here though . 
  its their age at the time of the crime . 
  we had strange cases with twenty somethings getting a sentence for minors because it took forever to process everything and catch them . 
   i suppose you need a certain number of people being butchered before you have the slightest shadow of a doubt there 's a problem . 
  you dont get it . 
  it doesnt matter if he gets 14 years or 44 years . 
  beyond a certain point , its just a number that says `` your life is fucked '' .
