  according to greek people on reddit , they basically have elected corrupt cleptocrats for decades . 
  which is 100 % and their fault . 
  greece would be the first to sabotage any kind of legal work that would make it easier for the ez to shed members . 
  also : admitting to having a plan like this would screw greece even more than it already is . 
  an eternal grand coalition is an eternal ping pong behind closed doors . 
  if the spd agrees to being the junior partner of a grand coalition once more , the next grand coalition will happen without them . 
   protection of global shipping lanes from harassing nations and pirates . 
  right now the us is the only country protecting them with its navy . 
      do you not pay attention to what is happening in the news regarding the south china sea ? 
  if not , do you think it 's all just a meaningless joke ? 
  those are 2 different issues . 
  nobody needs carriers to guard shipping lanes against pirates . 
  a bunch of frigates can do that just as well . 
  this has been proven during the pirate rush in somalian waters . 
  chinas agression in the south chinese sea is a very different issue . 
  and while it sucks , i dont see why the eu should care about something that is so far away and doesnt affect us at all . 
  russia wouldnt become somalia after a collapse . 
  but their gdp per capita could certainly drop to mexican levels , or even below that . 
  can i get a source for the fact that is happens * because * of the brexit ? 
  that seems highly unlikely . 
  why ? 
  if scotland considers the eu more important than the uk , it makes perfect sense . 
  your argument is based on pure ideology as opposed to pragmatic decision making . 
  its not about picking one ideology and then sticking with it to the bitter end , its about making the best call for your country . 
  i wouldnt know if thats the case , but being am eu member might actually be better for scotland than being part of the uk . 
  no need to , we could use existing units . 
  hell the us could simply close all of their bases in germany and set up new bases in poland or other ee countries . 
  its not done . 
  as long as we arent even using existing capabilities efficiently , there is no need to invest more money . 
  the post i quoted specifically talked about the uk building 2 supercarriers * right now * and whined about them being inferior to us models . 
  he brought up the term . 
   mattis is right that europe - nato members or not - should increase their defense spending and not rely too much on unpredictable and unreliable allies like the united states . 
  europe does not rely on the us for defense . 
  the combined military budget of europe exceeds the russian budget by a lot . 
  the problem isnt the budget , the problem is being willing to use it if shit hits the fan . 
  increasing the budget therefore doesnt actually help anybody . 
  and then what ? 
  the nato can get 1,2 % of the german gdp , or 0 % . 
  seing how germany does not need the nato in any shape or form , there is nothing to gain from kicking us . 
  unless you are arguing that the nato would abaddon everything east of germany to the russians just to spite germany ? 
  so what is the `` operational need '' that requires europe to run multiple full sized supercarriers ? 
  their `` loyalty '' to russia wont mean much , i doubt russia can support the entire population with water . 
  if nothing else because that would be expensive . 
  considering russias current economic situation , a collapse isnt as unlikely as you think . 
  its probably going to take 30 to 50 years , but i do not see russia maintain even their current economical situation once the oil ends . 
  and their cash reserves are already melting . 
  once those are gone , the current sanctions will hurt even more than they already do . 
  afaik russias cash reserves will be gone in a few years . 
  at that point russia might have to bend over and appease europe to prevent their economy from going to hell . 
  your link says that even after germany argued against it in 2008 , the ukraine was promised membership in the future . 
  it was yanukovych that ended the ukraines nato plans in 2010 . 
  and the population was always against it until 3 months after the start of the euromaidan movement . 
  so yeah it was their fault . 
  oh and regarding eu membership : pretty sure the corruption and human rights issues in the ukraine would have prevented that . 
  which mostly has historical reasons . 
  russia has not attacked any eu or nato member to this day . 
  in fact russia went out of their way to attack just about everybody else on their western border . 
  on top of that , the military budget of the eu/nato ( even without the us ) is several times larger than the russian budget . 
  the problem with russia can not be fixed by haggling over military budgets . 
  it is a purely political problem that requires a purely political solution . 
  the game with russia is making sure our commitments to defend ee are genuine . 
  nobody cares if the eu sends 150b or 200b worth of troops to ee in case of a russian invasion . 
  people care that shit gets send , the numbers arent that important . 
  call the rest of us once you find an enemy worth fighting with all of your budget . 
  cause nobody over here can find an enemy worth fighting at all , not even with troops worth 0,2 % of our gdp , much less 2,0 % . 
  living isnt free though . 
  at least in germany you wont get any sort of welfare during university . 
  you can apply for baf\u00f6g , but thats rarely enough and for many not even close to enough to live . 
  in practice : if you dont get lucky , you will have to work on top of your classes , even in germany . 
  so you dotn care that russia manipulates your elections ? 
  when will you start caring ? 
  would you care if the kremlin single handedly installs le pen as president by massive large scale manipulations ? 
  as harsh as it sounds , the ukraine is not an eu/nato member because they didnt want to be . 
  france is an eu/nato member and as such an ally we promised to defend . 
  that has to count for something . 
   greece is not getting any forgiveness because voters in the netherlands and germany , who go to the ballot box this year , do n't want this . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  yeah its only germany and the netherlands that refuse to give in . 
  weird that those 2 countries shouldnt have any sort of majority in any relevant voting process . 
  its almost as if there are other countries , enough for an actual majority , that also dont want to support greece anymore . 
  its all a german ( and swamp-german ) conspiracy . 
  doesnt that prove his point though ? 
  if drones cant get shot down , but manned fighters could be , the drone is superior . 
  mind you i have no idea if thats the case , but your argument isnt very good . 
  the general idea is to make you feel better * for now * to buy time to find a solution . 
  chances are you wont find a solution today , so even a temporary relief that makes you feel better might save your ass in the end . 
  i mean its probably a dumb idea that you have checked already . 
  but if its covered in most of europe , why not get a job abroad ? 
  this should get you insured in the country you work in shouldnt it ? 
  wouldnt that be sufficient to get your treatments ? 
  the public broadcasting in germany is pretty damn bad though . 
  it is defacto state tv as both its income and its leadership is controlled by politicians . 
  there is also no way to avoid paying for it , to the point where the fees might as well be a tax . 
  the quality of the programm is also questionable , especially compared to the cheaper bbc . 
  there is no way a majority in europe would be in favor of building a propaganda network like this for all of the eu . 
  except that members of the house of saud found medieval death cults and extremist mosques around the world . 
  thats just a little bit more than mere lip service to keep the masses under control . 
  well the german minister of defence went to saudi arabia and wore pants and no veil at all . 
  why ? 
  because diplomats and politicians on diplomatic missions are above the law .
