  banning a political party is a massive civil rights violation . 
  it smells like the establishment cracking down on opposing views . 
  you cant do that without a very good reason . 
  as the court has specified with this judgement : this reason has to be an imminent threat to our society and its laws . 
  the npd is in no position to be such a threat at the moment . 
  the members of a party dont matter at all , their voters do . 
  and voters can do whatever the hell they want , including voting afd . 
  too bad that it looks a lot more helpless than subtle . 
  and it wont make him chancellor anyway . 
  there is a reason that we have a profession for shooting dangerous people . 
  its not trivial and its not something that everybody can just do . 
  which is a shame , these kind of security services dont need to exist 17 times in germany . 
  a lot of our grand federalism is bureaucracy for the sake of bureaucracy . 
  its basically intended to be inefficient . 
  i mean i understand the historical reasons , but i think its time to move on . 
  they can stop taking eu/ez loans anytime now . 
  surely that would increase their healthcare budget ? 
  he is under significant pressure right now because he and his party have ignored security politics so far . 
  this is most likely a panic statement to show initiative and not appear as incompetent as they actually are . 
  i dont see this happening . 
  the half tunnel , half bridge option with a midpoint island seems much more realistic . 
  its extremely unlikely that trump is a pawn . 
  but he is certainly closer to putins strongman style than obama was . 
  that alone could cause more than enough problems already . 
  remember that when the next news about an isis driven terrorist attack in europe comes up . 
  not that i disagree with what you said , but this has a price . 
  even if so , half of the surface of the package is green rather than red . 
  how can you not see that ? 
  i mean at some point : if you buy your food blind , its your own fault . 
  i mean the worst/wurst thing is basically a classic by now . 
  you are allowed to chuckle shortly . 
  most veggy meat , especially convenience products like the currywurst above , is the worst of the worst . 
  its mostly oil and other shit that bloats you just as fast as actual meat . 
  i mean i do eat meat and i like it , but if i want to eat something healthy i get myself something that is actually healthy . 
  not some desperate and decidedly unhealthy wannabe meat . 
  oh come on . 
  this is a tiny package and they still managed to write vegi or something similar on the top of it * four times * . 
  anybody that mistakes this for the meaty version is stupid . 
  thats probably fine . 
  most people wont have 2 cars so this wont be much of a problem for the city though . 
  not sure if there is a goal . 
  if there is , they probably think that enforcing a piolitically correct society at gunpoint is a good idea . 
  a lot of `` progressive '' people like idendity politics like that . 
   all that might happen is certain offences prosecuted more often and that the pressure on facebook and the like to delete illegal content will increase . 
  the only way for that to happen is if facebook gets treated like a media outlet . 
  if not they will always deflect and say people have to report things faster , etc. 
  what you dont realize is that the longer merkel gets to sit in office and does nothing , the more populists will benefit . 
  fn in france didnt get weaker after decades of mainstream parties in goverment . 
  self censoring is one thing , paying hundreds of million in fines is another . 
  facebook and friends dont care about self censoring because their whole business is based on information manipulation anyway . 
  but they will care about fines . 
  not going to happen anyway , our constitutional court would trash that kind of law . 
   russia is surprisingly popular in eastern europe considering its recent criminal behavior . 
  russia is looking to destroy the stablility of western civilzation and i find it disheartening to see that so many are blind to russias evil ambitions . 
  ee likes strongman politicians and occassionally elects some themselves . 
  this isnt an east vs west conflict , its a traditionalism vs liberalism conflict . 
  and on this scale , ee is probably closer to russia than to the germany/sweden/france . 
   there 's no collective responsibility . 
  people who vote erdogan is responsible for what erdogan does . 
  people who did n't vote for him , is not . 
  how about people that didnt demonstate when erdogan was obviously grabbing power ? 
  responsibility isnt throwing a piece of paper into a box every 4 years . 
  you are right , those that fight for a secular turkey arent responsible . 
  but the great majority of the turks doesnt fight for anything . 
  citizens of a democratic society dont get off the hook this easy . 
  erdogan is in power because a significant amount of turks want him in power . 
  whether this is 40 % or 50 % doesnt matter . 
  democracy isnt just a basket of privileges , it also comes with duties and responsibilities . 
  if you elect an autocrat , you and by extension your society deserves what they get . 
  open border have nothing to do with freedom or security though . 
  and the attack in berlin proves very well that we dont need * more * security . 
  we simply need to use the means we have better . 
  a small book where he can write down names of people and they magically vanish . 
  though he might have one already , who knows ? 
  for a country that values free speech like few others , is unusually paranoid about an evil goverment taking their freedom and that just elected an anti establishment president . 
  you are suspiciously focused on providing your establishment with tons of data they can use against everybody . 
  yeah that might be true , but one should still keep the data source in mind when working with the numbers . 
  not really . 
  he was a pathetic loser and we missed the chance to have him examined to show as much . 
  now its much easier to glorify his death and paint him as a matyr . 
  that makes him a good recruitment tool for radicals . 
  truck driving needs almost no qualification and the money is terrible because of that . 
  it also makes family planning very hard and can be pretty bad for relationships in general . 
  nobody has to pressure anybody . 
  refugees , migrants and other badly educated people are the perfect candidates for the job anyway . 
  you dont even have to speak german . 
  its much easier just to get a ton of guns and shoot people in the us . 
  like that couple did several months ago . 
  werent they close to radical muslim ideologies ? 
  and in general : germany sees very few terrorist attacks . 
   in 20 years time the progressive nations of western europe will be islamic regimes . 
  i am just going to save this ahahaha . 
  have a nice day . 
  because the data seems to come from a poll . 
  if you ask somebody if they are religious , their answer will depend on their society . 
  being religious is not an absolute statement , people will compare themselves to others around them . 
  chances are some of the people that count as religious in germany would not count as religious in turkey . 
  and a lot of the non religious people in turkey according to this poll would be considered religious by germans . 
  which book you have rotting in the cardbord box in the cellar doesnt actually matter if you dont practice religion or live by its rule in your every day life . 
  this is actually good news .
