  2,5 k before taxes is less than 1,5 k after taxes . 
  now depending on where you live you should have fix costs of about 700-1000 euro per month for rent , a car , public transport , insurances , etc. 
  you also want private retirement provisions and you probably want at least some money left to have some fun or maybe a vacation here and there . 
  so yes , living of 1,5 k is already not much fun for 2 people , sustaining a famility of that means you are basically poor . 
  and with the way the german education system works you absolutely do not want to be poor when raising children . 
  you really want to be able to spend both the time and money to make sure your children get the best education they can get and attend a university later . 
  if only so they dont have to sustain a family of 2,5 k before taxes . 
  the point still stands : the smugglers will take whatever money the refuges can afford to pay . 
  which means if they dont get to their destination on the first try ; they probably dont have any money to try again . 
  if you are enough of a cynik , there is always a solution ... 
  these trips are actually not just dangerous , they are also very expensive for these people . 
  so no , chances are they wouldnt just take another trip because they are probably broke . 
  i am so scared about this . 
  i cant imagine how the current generation of politicians could possible get this done right . 
  i mean the a400m is already a disaster and nobody figured that the german army would ever need an assault rifle that works during extended fights ( really ? ) . 
  now these kind of people try to run a multi billion project for a new mbt ? 
  this cant possibly work . 
  thats so childish . 
  i dont get why putin lowers himself to do something like that just to randomly piss of some europeans ?!? 
  i mean its not like anybody of the uefa guys gives a fuck about it . 
  they are probably still smashed from trying to drink away the reality that blatter won , again . 
  europe was never united in any shape or form in these times . 
  the article ( or rather the title ) is actually wrong about one thing : nobody ever talked about europe being a power internationally , it was always about the eu . 
  saying europe was a power is like saying north america was a power . 
  its not , but the usa are . 
  its true that the eu is in decline right now , after all uk might leave and greece might leave the euro which was seen as `` the next step '' of the eu melting into a single , sovereign state that would actually be an international power . 
  but that doesnt really matter . 
  in the end the eu was never truly interested of becoming a us style international power . 
  there was a superficial interest , but that was more about europe being relevant than an actual commitment to do what it would take to become internationally relevant as a whole . 
  honestly : bein an international power isnt as much about having a good economy and political system , its about how willing you are to impose your system onto others , and how willing you are to use your military for this purpose . 
  the eu always talks about world peace and human rights , but in the end the population doesnt give a shit about these things when it comes down to doing something about them . 
  because lets face it ; human rights have to be enforced at gunpoint , and europe is tired of wars . 
  the main problem is that it takes a long time to build your career to a point where you can be certain that your income is enough to sustain a family . 
  because making 2,5 k before taxes is decent for 1 person , not so good for 2 and wont ever pay for a family . 
  the problem is that the current goverment was also voted to `` get a better deal '' from the iwf and eu partners . 
  if they dont get a better deal and it comes down to getting fucked by the iwf vs leaving the euro behind , will the greek still be in favor of the euro ? 
  its easy to spin this , after all the guy reporting the casulties will eb in jail and everybody making a folloup report will be punished as well . 
  which means only the goverment will be able to freely talk about what happened , and will be able to tell the story the way they want to because of that . 
  hard working ? 
  probably determined ? 
  to do what ? 
  determination needs a goal , a vision . 
  merkel might be a good at a lot of things , but she absolutely has no political vision or long term strategy . 
  she makes things up as she goes , always following the mainstream as far as possible . 
  merkels success has nothing to do with being `` bland , boring and predictable '' . 
  above all other things she is pragmatic , she could run for every major political party in germany without looking out of place . 
  she just adapts to whatever comes up without much regard for her supposedly conservative party . 
  and her party gets to play the yes men because merkel send all potential competition packing long ago and nobody can challenge her anymore . 
  draconian punishment ? 
  no but i am honestly not sure if hoene\u00df minimal sentence is appropritate for a multi million euro tax evasion . 
  its not like he would die from actually spending say 2 of his 3,5 years in prison or anything . 
  i mean does the minimal sentence he suffers really discourage others from commiting the same crimes ? 
  progressive doesnt mean `` more advanced '' it means something like open for change and in favour of change . 
  there doesnt have to be a linear bad to better development , you can be very progressive about really shitty ideas . 
  they probably do think about the children they 'd like to make if they think nobody is listening . 
  the current pope does seem to a bit more understanding though . 
  i mean its hard to be certain , but it seems like the pope is at least more openminded than most of the clerics . 
  yeah he only evaded a few millions in taxes , the fifa executes also only received minor donations for their `` services '' . 
  why bother arresting them , its hardly a crime , right ? 
  thats surely the right attitude to clean up the mess that is fifa and blatters court . 
  what i am trying to say is simple : even if fifa executives are in fact found guilty , its not like they just vanish forever behind bars , especially those that are under investigation by european agencies . 
  so while it would be nice if somebody cleans up fifa , if the sentences go like the one mr hoene\u00df got its not exactly the end of the world . 
  more importantly : it might not be enough to discourage future corruption . 
  hell hoene\u00df was allowed to work again after only a few months in jail . 
  i dont see that fifa executives would be afraid of a sentence like that while are making a lot of money with whatever scheme they run . 
  and he got more holidays from jail than he would have gotten while working for the club . 
  nice prison sentence . 
  that ngo might find itself outlawed as cia spies if they ever actually raise any complaints though . 
  especially western ngos arent quite as welcome in russia anymore . 
  aside from the emotional bonding , i 'm pretty sure there were good economical arguments for it in the past . 
  nowadays is mostly about legal issues . 
  a court cant force you to testify against your spouse , etc. 
  then again i personally dont care who other people fuck and/or marry . 
  just let them do whatever they want . 
  i wouldnt want to be the city official that signs the permit for that . 
  i imagine its unhealthy to make erdogan angry . 
  the eu as an organization , sure . 
  but customers could easily force companies to treat their workers in bangladesh better . 
  most customers just dont give a shit and like their magically cheap 15 euro jeans and 10 euro tops . 
  if you talk to nutjobs on a daily basis and for years , this shit becomes normal . 
  hell sites like facebook basically made a business out of filtering out reality in favor of showing people things they will like . 
  this is just a more extreme form of that . 
  lmao your reply to somebody doubting the weak evidence is `` but they did it , why do you even need proof ? '', 
  really ? 
  pretty sure you have never experienced the actual stasi if you whine about things like this . 
  the guy is a drugdealer and thief that got punished for insulting people . 
  thats all there is to it . 
  eh this is a house somebody else builds . 
  once its done they want to sell it to you . 
  so its perfectly possible to say `` i dont like what i see and i wont ever buy this '' and bail out without spending a dime . 
  not really , merkel has forced her party into the middle of the political spectrum . 
  as long as she remains in power , that wont change . 
  once she is gone , her party will be irrelevant because she killed their traditional values . 
   they never wanted to come here and the more they will make that clear , the more hostile and cynical will the czech population get . 
  and then even the refugees who actually have an interest in staying here will get the blame . 
  if anything this means they are very likely to leave the eu and go back home or go to turkey . 
  sounds good to me . 
   or maybe a person wants to live in the same country as their family/friends/relatives . 
  beggars cant be picky . 
  if they want to live with their family , they can certainly do so in turkey or jordan .
