  killing them is very different . 
  for once , if they are caught in an active warzone , actively fighting , they are first and foremost enemy combatants and are treated as such . 
  killing them isnt inappropriate in such a situation . 
  also : the risk of this snowballing into some police state scenario is quite low . 
  very few `` innocent '' citizen randomly pop up in foreign warzones , carrying military gear . 
  its simply necessary to keep a certain balance between efficiently fighting crime and terrorism , and civil rights . 
  its not about whether or not your current goverment would go over board , its about what kind of tools you want to give the worst possible goverment . 
  at this point , i dont think any major party actually * focuses * on bombing isis . 
  the us focus on assad , the russians focus on the rebels . 
  so whats russia going to do if france bombs a bunch of assads thugs ? 
  stop the oil deliveries ? 
  you dont even need any of that . 
  if anything , you need to make sure your target doesnt have any of that , and thats it , you can do whatever you want . 
   people who do n't act like citizens , should lose citizenship . 
  who decides how citizens must act ? 
  because if you go this route , then at some point you will get a goverment that will say a true citizen cant criticize the goverment . 
  this is some 1984 level though police bullshit right here . 
  if you want to fuck up your country by turning it into a fascist hellhole , you arent any better than those who want to turn it into an islamist hellhole . 
  which proves my point , not yours : geography means nothing for politics . 
  there is no way in hell the eu will be a single , sovereign country in 40 years . 
  chances are the cooperation will be closer , but its still going to be a lot of sovereign nations . 
  it implies that there is some sort of blackmail involved . 
  every eu member is a member out of their own free will . 
  as the brexit shows , you can leave any time you want . 
  countries stay because its a good deal . 
  the difference is that trump is an inept puppet , while may and to some degree even corbin are semi competent politicians with ( some ) stupid ideas . 
  the uk `` plot its own course '' without the eu , not the other way around . 
  and geography means nothing . 
  from a purely geopolitical point of view , turkey is probably as important of a partner as the uk . 
  the point is that an `` honest debate '' means working with somebody is frustrating/pointless enough that they drop the diplomatic pretense and talk the real talk . 
  which , for a diplomatic event , is quite rare . 
  its even rarer for a pathologically emotionless backroom politician like merkel to admit this too . 
  this is never going to happen . 
  there is no way eu members will completely give up their military in favor of an eu military untill the eu becomes an actual federation . 
  you really need to get realistic here . 
  i am all for eu integration , but you are just grasping at straws and taking things for granted that might never actually happen . 
  this kind of all or nothing approach is simply not going to work . 
  the first stages of an eu military will be rather pathetic and very limited to a narrow type of actions . 
  sure its possible that this includes a commitment to defend oversea assets but if it does , this is going to be very expensive for france . 
  the eu is build around haggling and a lot of things are possible , but certainly not free . 
  it would be better for everybody involved to take it slow and limit an eu military at least early , so we can actually get one . 
  all or nothing wont sell . 
  the uk only contributes a small number of ships if the above graph is correct . 
  the only exceptions are lpd/lsd where the uk owns 6 of 14 total , and 4 of 8 ssbn . 
  for every other shiptype the uks contribution looks merely appropriate relative to the uk economy and their focus on naval forces . 
  the eu still doesnt need large cvn carriers . 
  lhd or lpd or maybe cvl light carriers are more than enough for peacekeeping operations . 
  its also somewhat questionable why the eu would have to invest a large amount of money to protect rather trivial french assets on the other side of the world . 
  i get why france wants that , but the cost/benefit seems bad . 
  you cant deport citizen . 
  whats needed is to weed out those that are an actual threat , then do what you can to integrate the rest , or at the very least , their childen if the current generation is a lost cause . 
  restricting migration is perfectly fine , but whether you like it or not , your country is responsible for the people that you grant citizenship . 
  i mean if he was known to the police because his own community reported him , maybe the police should at least investigate this ? 
  start working closer with communities like these , that are obviously concerned about radicals as well . 
  that would be a rather obvious way to start with and see how it works out . 
  and its not some utterly insane police state action either . 
  that would be nice . 
  they would attempt to complete the new airport to fly in supplies , which would consume 90 % of the russian gdp for 17 years and ultimately fail because the markings and signs in the parking lot arent compatible with the stvo . 
  easy win for germany . 
  short coastline and the only real thread to european security is land based . 
  ahh yes , only for bad guys on the list . 
  now you dont need proof to put somebody on the list , because the people that are proven terrorists are in jail anyway . 
  so the people that get a ride to the camps will be `` suspected '' terrorists . 
  thats totaly different and totally fine . 
  the nato was never meant as a tool for actual defense . 
  it was meant as a tool of retaliation . 
  the us never even wanted to try and defent the baltics or poland . 
  thats just fucking impossible even for them . 
  the idea was to take it back quickly and depopulate russia coast to coast if they escalate . 
  the most awkward thing is macrons wive anyway . 
  weird outfit , and she looks extremely unconfortable . 
  though i have to admit mrs. erdogan does look silly . 
  not because she wears a veil , but because she looks like a mobile bunker . 
  merkel herself isnt the most ceremonial person . 
  chances are she didnt care if he was there or not , because it was just another day at the officer for her as well . 
  all things considered , the importance of a politicians partner is kind of purely traditional anyway . 
  the spouse , more realistically ; the wive used to be a trophy to be shown around , like a medal . 
  nowadays they are just persons and should really be able to decide that being somebody else spouse isnt a carreer they want . 
  i dont care if they are more popular . 
  i dont even care if they stay more popular . 
  i just want them to play by the rules like everybody else does . 
  if they still crush the competition , good for them . 
  though i doubt that uber in particular will be as successfull once they actually become a full sized taxi company with employees and a car pool . 
  if nothing else their silicon valley vc magnates that hoped for a sleak service with limitless scaling will certainly not be amused . 
  this has nothing to do with dominating the internet . 
  we already have a lot of media regulations that work just fine . 
  this is about properly applying them to facebook . 
  facebook , like uber , tries to escape regulation by pretending their business is totally different . 
  but at the end of the day facebook is a media company . 
  its ultimately a news plattform with a lot of freelance workers that get paid with a service rather than cash . 
   it just require moderation like any other food . 
  that is actually the excuse mcdonalds uses as well . 
  basically nothing is actually unhealthy if eaten in moderation . 
  so you try to make a point that american food isnt unhealthy and fat , and you come up with bbq ? 
  really ? 
  everything on that shelf is basically junk food though . 
  and even american non junk food tends to be fat , just check their southern cuisine . 
  what ? 
  i mean cans are probably a lot more expensive than bottles . 
  but a standard bottle of coca cola with 1,25 liters costs roughly a euro in germany .
