  he failed because he sucked at being a politician . 
  then again , every goverment that does in fact disagree with fundamental principles like seperation of powers should actually get the fuck out . 
  sure op is a little spastic about it , but he is kinda right . 
  i mean you guys will manage just fine outside the eu , and the eu is honestly better of without the uk . 
  there are plenty of other countries that should follow your example . 
  hungary in particular should get out already . 
  varoufakis was never good at this whole politics thing though . 
  chances are he just has no clue and doesnt like le pen . 
  the treaty is mutually advantageous . 
  the us and other countries dont sign it because they have not seen domestic war for a long time . 
  a lot of the countries that signed it know what it means to fight a war . 
  the us are just so used to being the aggressor and fighting far away from their own population that they have forgotten what it feels like to get attacked . 
  case in point , the last time somebody killed a whopping 3000 us citizen you guys were willing to burn down several countries to get your vengeance . 
  ended up killing tens of thousands of actually innocent people too . 
  if the us society would have the slightest degree of self awareness , they wouldnt sign this statute . 
  but for the time being might makes right so you dont have to . 
  so enjoy supporting war crimes while you still can . 
  just because the us want to join the exclusive club of countries ignoring the icc with their friends in china , russia and saudi arabia , it doesnt mean the 124 countries that ratified the rome statute are wrong . 
   those alone are n't some sort of objectionable or ideological decisions . 
  yes they are . 
  i know the usa dont recognise the authority of the icc , because there 'd be thousand of us soldiers in prison if they did . 
  but the icc still exists . 
  `` just following orders '' isnt a thing anymore . 
  i mean those soldiers were not only willing to become soldiers , they also participated in what is essentially an invasion . 
  sucks for them , but they kinda had it comming . 
  propaganda or not , the moment you bet your very existence on an ideology , you should probably take a closer look at it . 
  in the end , its kind of arrogant to look down on them as some sort of victims . 
  they made their choices and they were willing to die for them . 
  what is that reason ? 
  because our general taxation scheme is slowly changing from being based on engine size to being based on emissions . 
  i dont see why we need any exemptions just to artificially sustain outdated technologies . 
  of course were they not prepared . 
  they thought they could run their scam until the end of time because nobody would figure out that their lab based tests are bogus and do not reflect reality at all . 
  most criminals assume they wont get caught , its not any different for these companies . 
  that doesnt mean we should allow them to delay necessary legislation . 
  they can adapt faster or die , as it should be . 
  does that really change anything ? 
  these people have brought our societies to the brink of collapse , had to be bailed out by state money , got away with it and went right back to lobbying to make sure that new legislation wouldnt actually hurt them much . 
  the hatred against bankers comes from the fact that they got away with it and at worst were given a few millions as they were fired . 
  this kind of injustice is what fuels hatred , and votes for extremist parties , actually . 
  well the financial crisis isnt that far away and a lot of those responsible for it have never been punished . 
  its certainly not hard to see how people get the idea that bankers are crooks . 
  doesnt really matter . 
  saudi arabia is not and will not be a military threat to any country but yemen and maybe 1-2 other unlucky neighbours . 
  the main problem isnt their weapons , but their money , and who they give it to . 
  fun fact : these people are not refugees . 
  no , seriously . 
  the bulk of them did not get asylum . 
  they get subsidiary protection . 
  that means they arent refugees , but we cant currently deport them because syria is a mess . 
  so i guess the legal system doesnt agree with your definition . 
  http://www.bamf.de/en/fluechtlingsschutz/ablaufasylv/schutzformen/subsidiaerers/subsidiaerer-schutz-node.html  subsidiary protection applies when neither refugee protection nor an entitlement to asylum can be granted and serious harm is threatened in the country of origin . 
  except that there are studies showing that a lot of 3rd generation descendants of turks in germany are in fact torn between being german and being turk . 
  this is not `` his grandfather wasnt aryan '' , the people in quesitons themselves struggle to identify as german . 
  i mean its pretty funny when people are wondering why erdogan got so many votes for his referendum , yet refuse to acknowledge the policies and behaviour that led to it . 
  nobody cares about absolute numbers though . 
  the percentage of eu exports going to the uk is smaller than the percentage of uk exports going to the eu . 
  thats the only thing that matters , and it gives the eu a much better position . 
  may is not `` the brits '' and the title of this picture isnt `` the brits vs the world '' . 
  for all we know she 'd floor the guy with a dry pun too . 
  isnt blair seen as a borderline traitor and war criminal though ? 
  i am pretty sure he is * not * popular in the uk . 
  afaik , most of these burnings were not authorised . 
  official vatican sanctioned investigations rarely found evidence for witchcraft and actually didnt burn people randomly if they couldnt find anything it were mostly dumb farmers and backwater morons burning people they didnt like under the pretense of witchcraft . 
  norway heavily subsidises electric cars , being competitive over there means nothing at all . 
  except that a significant part of our exports goes to eu countries . 
  if you look at exports/import at eu level , germany isnt all that export heavy . 
  the us also rely on exports and trade in general for political reasons much more than economic reasons . 
  the only reason the us can afford their deficit is because of how widespread the us dollar is . 
  this spread is , among other things , based on trade . 
  the eu is a bigger market than the us and the us are much more reliant on exports than we are because of the massive deficit . 
  if the us ever loses its dominant political position in the world , the dollar will collapse and the us economy will follow . 
  starting a trade war with the eu would hurt the eu , but it would be the beginning of the end for the us . 
  last time i was there i saw a discussion about anti aging stuff and people actually argued that they would be the first generation of immortal humans . 
  that was creepy as fuck . 
   i think it is ridiculous to say that his workers are abused , that is just not true . 
  cheaper workers also means cheaper cars . 
  tesla is under a lot of pressure to make their cars cheaper , if they do not succeed with that they will lose a lot of value in the coming years . 
  if he cant make his product at a competetive price while paying his employees properly , his product just isnt competetive . 
  speak for yourself . 
  a lot of people accept the brexit easily enough . 
  its obviously the right thing to do . 
  if anything i am surprised that it actually happens , i assumed the tories would somehow weasel out of it and set up boris or somebody else as the fall guy . 
  why would it be ? 
  the eu doesnt benefit from keeping countries around that were never really super happy as an eu member . 
  if anything a properly executed brexit means any other countries that want to leave can do so more easily now that there is a precedent . 
  a smaller , but more focused eu with a clear endgame that every single member agrees with is a good thing . 
  ahh dont worry friend , we would not waste our own property by nuking it . 
  for all we know they build one to shoot a nuke over the pacific before somebody explained the boss the whole concept of missiles . 
  well if they do elect le pen , * we might just have to change that * . 
  we have a military budget target to meet , dont make us speed up the process france . 
  the point is : why should it have more protection ? 
  we are not living in iran or saudi arabia . 
  in our society , religion is a choice , just like following any other ideology . 
  why exactly do religions need special protection beyond regular ideologies ? 
  jesus christ this guy is an airhead . 
  it doesnt matter what kind of goal he has or if its a good one , but how can he possibly think that this is a good way to achieve it ? 
  i can deal with stupid ideologies , but this incompetence is just irritating as hell . 
  so you defend the polish goverment and its attemps at eliminating checks and balances just because they share your opinion on refugees ? 
  interesting .
