  the majority of people in the west . 
  as such marriage for everybody and equality is very much a western value . 
  this is meant to reassure the true believers that they made the right decision and should not stray from the path . 
  nobody with a functioning brain falls for this . 
  maybe there is even a small bonus ; for all we know the company making these things for the goverment belongs to a `` loyal '' politician . 
  because it is ? 
  the term hate speech is technically incorrect . 
  its translated from the german term volksverhetzung which is defined as incitement of hatred and calls for violence . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung  is a concept in german criminal law that refers to incitement to hatred against segments of the population and refers to calls for violent or arbitrary measures against them  http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__130.html  zu gewalt - oder willk\u00fcrma\u00dfnahmen gegen in buchstabe a genannte personen oder personenmehrheiten auffordert, 
  maybe people shouldnt hand over their communication data to commercial communities then . 
  i do think this is problematic , but why should facebook communication be exempt from the law ? 
  there needs to be a way to reign in things like hatespeech on facebook , and facebook needs to be paying for it . 
  do you have an idea how to organise it better ? 
   basically all economists and everyone who studies this agree that free trade produce a net gain of wealth . 
  exactly my point . 
  free trade is a net gain if you look at totals , but it does have tradeoffs . 
  you just look at the totals , but not at the tradeoffs , ignoring who gets shafted by free trade . 
  gdp or net wealth is an utterly worthless indicator for an economy as strong as ours . 
  which is pure propaganda . 
  the main point of critique for ttip was that companies on both sides of the bargain win , while customers on both sides lose . 
  gdp isnt everything . 
  the eu and us are at a point where we dont have any essential economic issues . 
  we can afford to reject a small boost to our gdp if it would cause problems in other areas . 
   it is actually ironic that you 're from ukraine and think money is power . 
  and yet : what would russia be without oil ? 
  soldiers need to get paid . 
  without oil , russia would be a poor backwater nation with no nukes and no relevant military that nobody would care about . 
   you are looking at this the wrong way . 
  no i dont . 
  perhaps i should put it like this : soldiers dont deserve any more respect than fire fighters , police officers or other people in high risk public service jobs . 
  i am not saying soldiers are worthless , i am saying they are one of many crucial and highly risky professions a nation relies on . 
  one of many . 
  perhaps more important than file clerks , but not in a unique situation . 
   this is wrong , this is exactly the problem . 
  they do , other then most of us , something special . 
  nobody expects you to risk your life and limb for others . 
  how many soldiers do you know ? 
  because every soldier i have ever met or known is very , very far away from what you and the article describe . 
  every person that i know that wanted to be a soldier has either fucked up their education and had no other choice , or was a deluded right wing nut that actually dreamt of honor and glory and fit right in with the recent news about the bundeswehr . 
  these people join the military for idiotic and selfish reasons and do not deserve any praise for doing so . 
  this is very , very different from fire fighter or police officers . 
  but anyway , we owe soldiers 2 things : a salary and proper medical/social support to make sure traumatic combat experiences dont ruin their life and they can move on to a civilian carreer after their service . 
  thats it . 
  the article makes a few interesting points , but is obviously biased as hell . 
  no , soldiers arent heroes . 
  not anymore than police officers , fire fighters and other professions that risk their personal health and their life to serve others . 
  this meaningless glorification of soldiers is utterly pointless . 
  if anything it causes the backwards views in the military . 
  if soldiers are told or tell themselves that they somehow deserve more respect for their work than they get , they will obviously look back at times where they would have gotten it . 
  if anything the military should go the opposite way . 
  make it very clear for everybody they recruit : they arent going to be heroes . 
  they serve their country , like so many other professions . 
  they are nothing special . 
  at the end of the day , being a soldier is just a high risk job , nothing more . 
  these desperate attempts to glorify the profession only make the author look like a reactionary fool . 
  just a remnant of a more conservative time . 
  realistically : we should scrap most if not all legal benefits for being married . 
  marriage is utterly pointless for the state , the only thing that matters are children . 
  so all benefits should be tied into having children , biologically or not . 
  but this would be another tough topic where merkel and the dinosaurs in her party would draw a line in the sand . 
  and since few people even care , nothing will change . 
  and yet this is basically the only issue where she ever bothered to draw a line . 
  of course , the mysteriously free apps that never cost anybody anything , but somehow make a profit . 
  weird how that works . 
  merkels is in office for 10 years and her pary is nomially conservative . 
  most germans support ssm , but its not a relevant issue for them . 
  essentially , overcoming cdu idiocy ( and lobbying ) would have been effort , and nobody cared enough to go through that . 
  now that merkel scrapped the party line and allows her parliament members to vote as they wish , its a trivial matter and can pass the bundestag soon . 
  even most cdu voters support ssm , the party line was just a reactionary curiosity . 
  it happened fast because nobody cares about it . 
  there are no strong feelings , but a majority of the population is vaguely supportive . 
  the only reason it didnt happen sooner is that merkel is in office for 10 years and even though the bulk of her party isnt against it , somehow the party line is . 
  now that merkel said the party line doesnt matter anymore the existing majority that supports ssm can just vote as they wish . 
  because nobody cared . 
  on either side actually . 
  there wasnt any militant opposition to it , but there also wasnt much campaigning for it . 
  with the election coming up , it would have been a topic for coalition negotiations , so merkel just scratched that point from the list . 
  as it turns out , she doesnt care either and cant be bothered to make a point one way or another . 
  so getting rid of the topic is the most convenient thing for her election . 
  despite all the shit talking , there was never any actual opposition to gay marriage in germany . 
  the cdu was always expected to oppose it , but nobody really went out of their way to fight against evil gays . 
  it was mostly the party line . 
  merkel didnt even have to change the party line , merely allowing mdbs to vote as they wish , without regard for party interests , is enough . 
  did merkel actually change her opinion though ? 
  afaik she didnt say that she supports it , she simply said that its a matter of consciousness which means her mdbs can vote independantly rather than vote no because thats the party line . 
  she essentially just shrugged it off and doesnt care enough to make a point anymore . 
  there are a lot of traditional people alright , but thats different from religion . 
  being conservative , traditional or religious is not the same . 
  germany is very conservative alright , and yes south germany is somewhat traditional . 
  but germany absolutely isnt religious . 
  religion is fairly unimportant even in more conservative and traditional areas . 
  the entirety of eastern germany is basically agnostic . 
  germany is only religious if you cant tell the difference between religion and tradition/conservatives . 
  germany isnt religious at all . 
  the cdu is conservative , but the c means nothing . 
  people consider the lgbt issue awkward and would rather not deal with it , but most arent up in arms about it . 
  fixing this problem was always purely a matter of momentum , there was no actually relevant opposition . 
  nah , her little `` invitation '' boosted her poll results like crazy , thats all she cared about . 
  the only ( non carrier ) nuclear powered surface ships in the world are a hand full of russian/scandinavian ice breakers and some old russian battlecruisers . 
  there are no nuclear powered cruisers or escort warships anywhere in the world .
