  germany has very little gun violence , despite having quite a few guns according to this map . 
  its really more about mentality rathern than having a gun . 
  having guns becomes a problem if the mentality is fucked up , like in the us for example . 
  thats a buzzword , not an argument . 
  you are a pretty bad judge . 
  if all of the courts power comes from the parents , it has no power . 
  the parents can use their power over their child to force it into doing whatever they want to without a third party . 
  this is a social problem . 
  not a legal problem . 
  you wont make it go away with a legal decision about these `` courts '' . 
  you need to get to the root and force these people into an education that will allow their children to see how ridiculous this religion is . 
  either that or just dont allow uneducated religious hard liners to settle in your country . 
  if the parents are able to make `` legally binding choices '' for their daughter , they dont need the court anyway . 
  they can just force their daughter to do whatever they want . 
  does it matter ? 
  if the womens are pressured by their family , they have no rights to begin with . 
  whether the court tells them so of their oppressive family makes no difference . 
  the courts are a symptom , not the core of the problem . 
  the court has no power . 
  if one of the parties doesnt like the result of the mediation , they can go to a real court . 
  if one of the parties is forced into accepting the decision , they could just be forced without a court . 
  the problem is the kind of culture that would force people into accepting this , not a legally non binding pseudo court with zero authority . 
  if the children accept the sharia court because the parents tell them to , they would accept a straight up decisions by their parents as well . 
  the courts are a symptom of a problem , not the core . 
  who says its legal ? 
  why are you more qualified to judge this than the judge that gave the police a warant ? 
  for amazon , it might just be the first one they actually pay / s, 
  the eu market will always be orders of magnitude smaller . 
  most people will not consume media unless its translated to their language . 
  which means eu productions will never have a comparable local market . 
   and yet you do n't hear about killed germans who were dumb enough to cross someone 's lawn . 
      maybe most humans are in fact decent beings and do n't kill for bullshit ? 
  maybe you 're just a little too desensitised to violence ? 
  nah , german courts just love to use the ultimate legal hammer : appropriate response . 
  in theory , germany has pretty liberal self defense laws . 
  but if you use an inappropriate degree of violence , you 're gon na get fucked by the court . 
  so while the us allow people to defend their home against trespassers with guns and shot to kill , a german judge would only let you get away with it if the trespaser was armed . 
  if you shot an unarmed intruder in the face , you 're probably going to jail . 
  so its very much not the same as the us castle doctrine . 
  germany also doesnt have nearly as much guns . 
  in fact robbers and thiefs in germany go out of their way to avoid meeting the owners of a house or flat they rob . 
  armed robbery of private property is unheard of . 
  no , but you implied it would be a good idea for a society to have no goverment at all . 
  that is certainly not the best of ideas . 
  enjoy being a 19th century factory slave then . 
   but doubting the dominant neoliberal streak makes you fringe nowadays not necessarily . 
  but planning to dissolve the nato and replacing it with a defense cooperation with russia certainly makes you look , lets say optimistic . 
  some of the older tristania stuff is good . 
  pretty sure beyond the veil sorta counts as gothic and its amazing . 
  if you want more symphonic sounds : pre nemo nightwish and most epica albums are great too . 
  if you want to try epica , start with this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhfrstnd-c0 its imo one of their best songs and this particular live version is really good . 
  isnt this basically the beer belt trapped between wine and vodka ? 
  maybe beer leads to metal ? 
  i dont think think is a full strike . 
  you cant shut down a nuclear power plant by pressing a button . 
  the plants should still run , just with slightly less people for a day . 
  thats actually very easy to say if you do live up north , mr ireland . 
  which is odd , because the people you 'd rather have unemployed prefer working in a factory with suicide nets over being unemployed . 
  which becomes a problem if `` stuff '' is food and clothing . 
  well trading a thousand german worker jobs for 20 german engineers is very much not worth it for society as a whole . 
  but those are chinese jobs , so whatever . 
  while 20 engineers in a german factory isnt quite as good as a thousand workers , its still better than a thousand workers in china . 
  i had to guess a lot , but ended up at 79 % . 
  doesnt seem to be very challenging . 
  jesus christ , the guardian is going all in on this . 
  they dont even bother with arguments , just the usual `` far right '' crap . 
  oh well i guess `` insult to murdered millions '' is kinda new ? 
  you have to wonder who is using this murdered millions for political gain here ? 
  we have to call it that . 
  calling it a gift would be politically inconvenient . 
  you had a chance to leave the euro , in fact , you ** used ** your chance to leave the euro . 
  but then tsipras noped out of it to save his own ass . 
  it quite literally buys greece time . 
  nobody knows what for , but hey as long as the parliament doesnt have to yes man actual debt cuts before the end of 2017 , everything is peachy . 
  considering how ridiculous it is to criminalize something like this , well ... 
  fun fact : the hypocrisy of `` moderate '' regimes and the west supporting them is excellent propaganda material for any ambitious islamist organization . 
  do you think it was a random occurrence that an islamist goverment was elected after the old regime fell ? 
   did anyone profit from fucking up greece ? 
  the greek that used the money from the loans certainly did . 
  whether you like it or not , far right parties do exist . 
  just because the term is used to describe not so far right parties , it doesnt mean its incorrect all the time . 
   secondly , we have the greens . 
  well , the greens are n't green any more , they are red . 
  after the fall of the soviet union the commies merged leftism into the green movement . 
  the greens arent very red anymore . 
  in germany , the greens have turned around and are now basically eco conservatives that are pro police and pro state . 
  the word you are looking for is realism . 
  this is not a victory for greece . 
  in fact this means absolutely nothing . 
  just like all previous agreements , this doesnt fix the problem greece has , it doesnt even fix the problems the ez has with greece . 
  its a delay that allows incompetent politicians to save face while their nations and populations pay the bills for it . 
  you cant seriously consider this a good deal for any of the sides involved . 
  oh it is . 
  i dont like it either , but its basically inevitable . 
  even if merkel suddenly starts acting like a moron . 
  all other politicians already are . 
  she cant really fuck this up . 
  the only question is which party will be stupid enough to be the junior partner for the cdu in the next goverment . 
  its pretty funny that they try to sell this as a victory for greece . 
  the reason why debt relief will be discussed only in 2018 is because thats after merkel gets reelected .
