  in such a case they are just selfish . 
  which is kind of normal , but lets not talk it up to some grand idea . 
  i think the general idea is that germany got mostly uneducated turks for basic labor . 
  these werent the sharpest tool in the shed at home and naturally more conservative . 
  since there was never any attempt to integrate them , they kept that attitude and a lot of their children inherited it . 
  the comment was actually pretty nice . 
  nobody except uneducated backwater morons would buy it . 
  it shows even rational erdogan supporters what kind of person they support . 
   or actually going to greece . 
  the money does go to greece . 
  stop deluding yourself . 
  greece took a loan . 
  a loan comes with obligations . 
  you cant just pretend that these obligations arent yours anymore . 
  the money we send now goes to greece and is then used to fullfil their obligations . 
  these are * your * interest payments . 
  politics are about deciding what the legal situation should be , not accepting it for what it is or was . 
  `` it has always been this way '' is not a meaningful argument in any situation . 
  integration isnt just about speaking the language . 
  in fact i have no reason to assume that germany is capable of integrating muslims from mena cultures . 
  and its kind of a bad idea to say that we can take people in and integration is somehow going to happen . 
  optimism isnt a plan . 
  and merkel certainly doesnt have one either . 
  because europe actually went down there and helped stabilizing the region . 
  the most stabilizing force in syria are assads thugs . 
  peace doesnt happen randomly , it takes effort . 
  nobody is willing or able to stabilize syria at the moment . 
  and lets not talk about countries like eritrea or all of the other medieval shitholes . 
  your post is exactly why we should have never taken them . 
  you literally move the goalpost from `` they will all have to go back '' to `` they are allowed to stay if they learn the language and work '' . 
  if you ever wondered why people would vote far right parties : this is the reason . 
  this isnt yugoslavia . 
  the refugees we accept are from countries that wont magically become save any time soon . 
  after 7 or so years , the refugees can afaik apply for german citizenship . 
  by then they should speak the language and have a job , which means there is a very good chance they get it . 
  nobody pretends a grexit would be fun . 
  but its the only possible option if creditor countries get tired of sending money into the black hole . 
  because lets not lie to ourself , we arent giving them loans . 
  we are straight up gifting them money . 
  we will see at most a tiny fraction of these loans paid back . 
  because the other reason is just straight up incompetence . 
  they couldnt figure out a legally bulletproof way of doing it , but they didnt want to act without it . 
  that sounds good on paper until you realize that they had years to plan ahead for this . 
  the reason there were legal uncertanities is that they tried to do this over night , with no planning whatsoever . 
  its not like 1-2 million refugees entered europe the same day . 
  this was a long term process , issues building up over years . 
  merkel didnt give a shit about the entire refugee issue until it started to affect her precious poll results . 
  so yeah i didnt mention the other reason because it goes back to the same source . 
  incompetence , lethargy and populism . 
  the gatherings were registered as non political , but were political . 
  that alone would be enough of a reason to cancel the events . 
  the actual reason for the last cancelation was that the tiny town couldnt handle the numbers . 
  being an eu/efta member should have next to no downsides honestly . 
  the ez is a very different issue . 
  this is amazing , holy shit . 
  it was quite obvious that merkel is a populist . 
  but to get so close to dealing with the situation and explicitly not doing it because of bad press is a very special kind of insanity . 
  they dont have to . 
  tusk can be reelected against the will of the polish goverment . 
  doesnt even seem all that unlikely . 
  in theory , i guess . 
  but erdogan is so thinskinned that it hardly makes a difference . 
  if the only authority that needs to be obeyed is one person , the country might as well be a dictatorship . 
  pretty sure erdogan would actually agree that he , not his puppet goverment , ** is ** the state . 
  democracy isnt about throwing paper into ballot boxes . 
  the moment you cant criticize the goverment anymore , you live in a dictatorship . 
  but thats the point . 
  you want your domestic politics to be boring and stale , but you still want entertainment so its nice if the neighbours crash their marriage . 
  it is hilarious from the outside . 
  germany has essentially nothing to lose if the us go insane . 
  if anything , the us going crazy will force the eu to become more integrated which is generally seen as positive over here . 
  mostly because of a general us fetish and how hilarious the whole situation is . 
  which would be amazing . 
  this resolutions means nothing . 
  but if trump `` retaliates '' because he doesnt get that , the commision might actually be pressured into making this a thing . 
  its non binding and wont actually happen . 
  its primarily done to make politicians feel better without the risk of actually working and getting stuff done . 
  1360 euro comes down to about 1000 euro after taxes . 
  so congrats , you are only barely poor with a minimum wage job . 
  considering that harz4 which is the absolute minimum welfare you can get is around 700-800 euro depending on your rent , that seems fair . 
  if you are only ~ 300 euro above minimum sustainance welfare you are poor . 
  actually , we have . 
  despite our economy running like clockwork and interest rates being negative , we have insisted on the `` black zero '' . 
  there was never a better time for investment , and yet we didnt use the opportunity to do so . 
   we have minimum wage now , and a full time minimum wage job - usually meaning you somehow managed to have no relevant qualifications at all - will already put you over the poverty line . 
  just for reference : minimum wage at 160 hours per month is 1360 euro . 
  i dont even care about statistics , if you make this much before taxes you are poor . 
  you are probably poor by the standard used in this study as well . 
  in theory , yes . 
  in practice : nobody manipulates the election itself from outside the country . 
  blatant manipulation of the election itself is typically done by the goverment or other domestic organizations . 
  erdogans latest election is probably such a case . 
  foreign powers usually cant manipulate the election directly because they dont have the boots on the ground and most elections are still offline . 
  if at all , outside forces manipulate the voters . 
  falling for this is still the fault of the individual . 
  pretending it isnt isnt just naive , its also quite undemocratic . 
  at the end of the day everybody is responsible for their own decisions . 
  so unless they were under direct pressure during the actual election process , the voters are fully responsible for the result of their votes . 
   turkish society stable right now ? 
  what are you smoking ?
