  and strange that you would throw away all reason as long as that one issue is covered . 
  people like you are certainly useful for ambitious autocrats . 
  just shout no muslims into a microphone and nobody cares what else you 'll do . 
  mind you i think merkels refugee policies are stupid as fuck , but at the end of the day the refugee issue is by far not our biggest problem . 
  i certainly wont support pis level fuckups for such a trivial reason . 
   as to censorship . 
  again , this is up to the people who run these corporations . 
  if they wanted to meet you in the middle , it is up to them . 
  if they do n't , it is also up to them . 
  that is a pointless argument because it could be used to argue against any kind of regulation . 
  it needs to be much more precise . 
  search engines and social networks are natural monopolies . 
  facebook and google were simply the first companies in the market to reach a certain treshhold where their monopoly becomes self reeinforcing . 
  us tech companies actively try to create and exploit monopolistic positions like that . 
  most of them run on a massive , vc financed , deficit for ages to establish a monopolistic position . 
  that is not healthy for an economic system and enough reason to put these companies on a leash . 
   there is a very clear distinction between the government and private entities in the united states . 
  the government is bound by the constitution , and the free speech protections enshrined in it . 
  private entities are not . 
      facebook , google , twitter are completely free both in the us and globally to regulate speech on their platforms . 
  it is their property . 
  private entities get to decide the rules for who gets to use and how they get to use their property . 
      so the idea that the us forces companies to do this is just false . 
  did i say goverment ? 
  its a matter of fact that us companies censor based on cultural us values . 
  this is most obvious when you look at what gets censored where : the us censor a lot of nudity and vulgar speech , while europe censors mostly hatespeech and violence to some degree . 
  if there would be an international standard , it would be in the middle , or reflect other regions values as well . 
  yet us companies exclusively censor based on us values . 
  and its quite easy to enforce our values on international companies : these companies * want * a presense in europe . 
  facebook , google , amazon/twitch all maintain a lot of infrastructure in europe . 
  they are also actively lobbying our goverments because they know this is valuable to them and they could get fucked if our goverments want to . 
  sure you can stick to your fantasies that they can operate their business without any assets or presence in europe , but evidently the companies think otherwise and value their presence enough to spend a significant amount of money on it . 
  at which point anything that happens is their own fault . 
  poland needs the eu much more than the other way around . 
   this has n't worked this time at least . 
  each time the eu bashes our government the polls for law and justice go up . 
  the erdogan scheme . 
  so what is `` the brexit camp '' going to do about it ? 
  also : are you saying we cant allow ni to join ireland and the eu because they are eternally bound to uks sphere of influence or something ? 
   well , one of the things about globalized world is it is not possible to get away on the internet from the values of the us with regards to free speech . 
  the only reason companies enforce us values is that the us force them too . 
  the eu could simply do the same if it would actually speak with one voice , after all our market is bigger than the us . 
  this is not a matter of globalised vs isolationism . 
  this is a matter of properly enforcing our own interest , and most importantly : realizing that those interests must not be us interests . 
  your `` globalism '' is just a fancy word for cultural dominance of the us . 
  you even have the audacity to proclaim that anybody not following your bullshit culture keeps their population like prisoners lmao . 
  whataboutism . 
  the asylum process is a much more critical one than most goverment work , the screening in particular is a security matter and should not be taken lightly . 
   and given the shortage of translators , they may well have shoved him off to a french speaker for processing as a result . 
  which is a failure of the asylum screening process , no matter how you sugarcoat it . 
  its so strange how an eu military isnt even being considered right now , but everybody already knows intricate details about how it would work , what it would provide and how the command structure would look like . 
  so uhh , can i get some lottery numbers for next week ? 
  once you are done ranting and get down to earth again ; what exactly would a eu military do ** in this specific situation ** that the greek cant do on their own ? 
  because this is what op implied . 
  turkey does not give a fuck about an angry letter from the eu . 
  erdogan probably wants this to escalate so he can prop up nationalistic fervor and keep the uneducated masses busy with so he can do his dictatoring in peace . 
  in a situation where the other side doesnt give a damn about diplomacy you can either endure the insults , and lets face it these incurions are for the most part just insults . 
  or you decide to defend your air space by force and shoot down planes . 
  as long as the greek do not decide to do that , it doesnt matter how much military is present . 
  europe has an extremely well developed market . 
  that alone gives us the leverage to enforce robot tax on other countries . 
  if not , we take the robot tax as tarrifs on their goods . 
  to do what ? 
  shoot down the planes ? 
  greece can do that just fine , if they want to . 
  hardcore isolationism might be ridiculous and bad for the population , but is not a viable reason for asylum claims on its own . 
  ist just tends to come with the standard north korean package of all around insanity and oppression . 
  in germany at least most of these people did not get asylum ( which is for political persecution ) , they got subsidiary protection . 
  so it gets a little more complicated and asylum seeker is probably the best term to use . 
  the argument against islam isnt one made in public . 
  its what people think while constantly making up various weird excuses . 
  well , chances are they will just throw money at everybody that screams loud enough . 
  thats why spending targes are actually insane , they just invite inefficient spending and outright corruption because nobody actually knows what the hell we are supposed to buy . 
  at least the current spending rush should secure some attractive positions in the defense industry for the people that now get to decide where to spend money . 
  this article seems full of shit . 
  lets see : 1 . 
  the cost increase is 800m , reduced to 500m by removing the automatic ice removal system for the helicopter deck . 
  ice will now be removed by hand during arctic operations . 
  probably with brooms . 
  the aquisition of these ships was just moved further back . 
  the already approved budget will now be used for type 130 corvettes . 
  the cost increase is controversial because the ships are already expensive and its not the first time the ministry has fucked up negotiations badly . 
  the main reason this will get approved is to spend money . 
  yes , not to get good equipment , just spend money . 
  got ta hit the 2 % target . 
  fun fact : the automatic ice removal system for the helicopter deck was just removed to partially compensate for an unplannend cost increase . 
  its pretty hilarious . 
  the only reason this deal will go through is because its politically opportune to spend money . 
  not to get good equipment , just to spend money . 
  thats why we 're gon na spend 4b on 4 deficient warships . 
  the us want cannon fodder on the ground for their geopolitical games . 
  said geopolitics are also the only reason anybody bothers with turkey at this point . 
   climate and energy ( 25 % ) trend in carbon intensity ( 75 % ) trend in co2 emissions per kwh ( 25 % ), 
  according to wikipedia ; gdp by sector is 30 % industry in germany and less than 20 % industry in the us . 
  that alone should make a significant difference in energy consumption , we also use quite a bit of coal . 
  guy is an amateur that couldnt even smash a couple of protesters without starting a cilvil war . 
  we cant support people that are too stupid to simply kill everybody that would document their , uhm * security efforts * . 
  i mean you dont want to see that on the evening news , right ? 
  oh please , the us and other nato members dont support bad terrorist regimes . 
  we support quality \u2122 terrorist regimes that are actually capable of properly suppressing their population like saudi arabia .
