  france was hit by these attacks because they raised a generation of discriminated and hopeless migrant children that have so little hope for their own future that they listen to the bullshit power fantasies that islamists offer . 
  strangely enough , france has had migrant problems before and they are much worse than say in germany which has almost as much muslim migrants . 
   i disagree . 
  that is only their duty as they are guests here . 
  no its not , if you are a racist piece of shit and you permanently tell migrants that they are worthless , goatfucking dirt you cant expect them to happily integrate . 
  you need to treat them with respect . 
  mind you only taking very few migrants or none at all is perfectly fine . 
  but you cant discriminate or insult those that you do take in . 
  the problem is that right wing morons like orban can not integrate people . 
  an optimal case scenario would need a ) good integration of migrants and b ) very limited migration to prevent them from reaching a critical mass that will prevent integration . 
  right wing politicians demand b , but refuse to do a. 
  so it doesnt really matter how good some of his arguments sound , people like orban are the reaon integration wont work as well as it should . 
  cynics would argue that preventing migrants from integrating properly isnt all that bad for a hard right wing party either ... 
  they will only integrate if they have an inherent motivation to do so . 
  very few `` refugees '' do . 
  the most motivated migrants are the ones that come to work here , because we demand a lot of them and they must prove their worth . 
  unlike the refugees that simply get freebies and are victimised , which leads to a lot of bad things . 
  getting elected is no sign for competence , moral superiority or anything else . 
  a lot of seriously fucked up , incompetent and moraly rotten people were elected . 
  she was certainly able to get things done , but thats isnt a quality on its own . 
  uhh , when was that ? 
  i mean even though i agreed with him , schroeders no to iraq was driven by populism and opportunism . 
  merkel finally agreeing to getting rid of nuclear power was the driven by irrational fears after fokushima . 
  i am not going through the last 15 years here , but german politics were always an emotional mess . 
  merkel wont force quotas on anybody . 
  if ee goes all fuck you , she wont have the spine to do anything about it . 
  i mean she didnt have to spine to kick out greece , and she actually had the support of a majority for that . 
  so i doubt she will risk a split in the eu for quotas . 
  at the end of the day merkel doesnt even care about those migrants . 
  she just takes a very long time to change her politics because she makes them based on polls and has to be sure where the public stands before she can act . 
  hell its pretty easy : if merkel insists on quotas she will be held responsible for the damage to the eu . 
  if she doesnt insist on quotas germany will simply pay the bills for her fucked up immigration policy alone . 
  and because its germany she will never be held responsible for this either . 
   gun laws get tighter , without ever being able to prevent said tragedy from happening do you even read news ? 
  no guns laws get tighter these days , but every killingspree causes a surge in gun sales . 
  but i guess that doesnt fit into your narrative huh ? 
  its when an intelligence agency tells you that evil people are everywhere so they can keep their `` emergency '' powers without being asked too many questions . 
  because since a lot of people outside of germany sorta want adolf in the driverseat again they cant joke about that anymore . 
  so the only thing they can think of is lol jurmans with broomsticks lololololololol, 
  the only impressive equipment in that video is the artillery , which should be a pzh 2000 . 
  a youtube account called germany military power is also weird as hell and this video is actually pretty awkward . 
  a bad driver can kill you a lot faster than a bad doctor . 
  mind you i have no pity for the ridiculously corrupt taxi license system , but uber isnt a solution . 
  no nation ever actually uses this free market . 
  its something you mention to smaller nations in trade negotiations to pressure them into agreeing to your demands . 
  even the us regulate the shit out of everything . 
   once you have your medallion you can make sure your cabs are the dirtiest , oldest cars on the road and nobody can stop you since the government uses the medallion system to keep cab monopolies in tact . 
  i know taxi licenses are a problem in a lot of places , but i have never had a taxi like that . 
  the few times i had to use one it was a clean car , typically a current or last generation mercedes c or e class or a large and modern family van . 
  the drivers were locals that didnt even look foreign and were friendly if i felt like talking . 
  well it worked out really well last time we tried it . 
  though i guess there is the risk of overly politically correct foreigners rioting and shutting down everything , again . 
  since this wouldnt apply to eu citizens anyway , i dont see the problem . 
  hell i could even live with applying the especially strict criteria only to refugees , not to people that came here with a work visa . 
   their spouses wo n't necessarily be working for a living . 
  its not about working , its about integration . 
  you have to make sure that these people speak proper english . 
  even if they speak the language a little bit , they might still end up sticking to their more comfortable native language and the communities where they can use it . 
  thats precisely what you dont want them to do . 
  if you force them to speak the language properly , you take away the main motivation for ethnic segragation and isolation . 
  a1 is nothing . 
  we should honestly demand b2 ahead of time . 
  i mean according to wikipedia , b2 is this : * can interact with a degree of fluency and spontaneity that makes regular interaction with native speakers quite possible without strain for either party * its not even fluent , just able to communicate properly . 
  because you have to be certain that they understand what they are doing . 
  they must be able for example to understand laws . 
  if they cant understand laws or contracts , how could they possibly move to the uk ? 
  they couldnt even live there . 
  jihadism isnt the result of western foreign politics , but it got worse because of them . 
  considering the financial cost , the amount of people killed by insurgencies that followed those wars , the embarassing propaganda the us had to use to force their allies into a stupid war and the public deconstruction of western morals in guantanamo bay , we actually dont have a lot to show for . 
  the nato basically tore itself apart in many ways for those wars , yet there was no grand victory to be celebrated . 
  sure afghanistan is probably somewhat better off overall . 
  but i 'd say with isis basically crawling out of the insurgencies in iraq , iraq was probably a failure on all fronts . 
  and lets not get started with the absurd western support for a slave kingdom like saudi arabia that may or may not pay the bills for the terrorist we supposedly fight . 
  less muslims = better integration . 
  if you reach a critical mass they will just stick to themselves and wont have to integrate . 
  france and even germany have a lot of muslims . 
  he had lies spread even to us allies to justify killing a bunch of muslims . 
  if russia starts a smearcampaign and fakes stuff for propaganda to justify an invasion , everybody is up in arms about it . 
  but at the end of the day , was the iraq war really that different from say russias war in the ukraine ? 
  i mean sure russia wasnt successful with their lies so they had to play dumb . 
  but at the end of the day they used a propaganda campaign to justify an intervenition . 
  didnt find any weapons of mass destruction either . 
  because shitty migrants boats wont make it over the atlantic . 
  just think about it this way : there are 11 million illegal mexicans in the us , at least that number was mentioned a few weeks back . 
  now imagine mexico would be a muslim country . 
  suddenly its not as easy to fix anymore huh ? 
  bush was just as much of an extremist as the people he wanted killed . 
  he was just more polite about it and waited until he 'd get an official mandate before he had people bombed . 
   banished into australian wilderness for couple years no , because if you send all terrorists and wannabe terrorists to one place , you 'll have friendly isis personel just waiting there to pick them up . 
  its like you 'd do the recruiting for isis . 
  you throw them out , make sure they understand that its all the evil wests fault . 
  then you give them the choice of dying or joining the oh so friendly org you accused them of supporting all along . 
  i mean , what can possibly go wrong ? 
  surely they have the basic decency to shut up and die , right ? 
  since this will be for dual citizenships only , you know where to drop them off . 
  yes you can have `` none '' . 
  just throw your pass away and forget where you came from . 
  or get caught up in some political shitstorm that leaves your home country in a weird political situation . 
  yup , i personally think the euro is a good idea . 
  but it certainly doesnt hurt to be realistic about it and discuss things even outside of an active crisis .
