  well it is the fault of german voters , who else would be at fault ? 
  if you want the perks of democracy you have to take the responsibility too . 
  because german politics are fucked up we dont get to call out other societies for making terrible decisions ? 
  really ? 
  as an uhm honorable american ( ignore the flag ) i uhh want you to * not * send me all liquid assets of yours . 
   that 's a perfectly fine excuse . 
  everybody else can pay their bills without that crap . 
  and since its percentage based , your crap is indeed no excuse at all . 
  and that changes what ? 
  they arent mhp/hdp voter if they vote akp . 
  you vote what you vote , there are no excuses . 
  i mean what are you trying to say ? 
  that those people are actually nice and wanted to vote for a nice party , but they like dead pkk members so much that they voted akp ? 
  doesnt make them any less of an akp voter . 
  it doesnt matter how they live . 
  hypocrisy isnt something new . 
  conservative goverments preaching water and quite literally drinking wine isnt something new either . 
  the point is that these people want to turn turkey into an islamic state . 
  and they were elected despite or more likely ; because of this . 
  that really doesnt matter , even if you consider the last `` true '' election , his party got like 40 % . 
  the last election had them at like 49 % despite the fact that they explicitly said they simply want erdogan to have more power . 
  if you cant get a working majority against a political party that flat out says they are power hungry sycophants , well then i guess you got what you deserve . 
  if you dont care about politics and accept whatever the state media serves you , sure . 
  but if somebody would really care they would know better . 
  and i dont see any reason why we shouls give those that dont give a damn a freebie for their ignorance . 
  i mean its super awkward , but if the animal isnt otherwise abused or in danger its really not that much of an issue . 
  i mean we kill and eat animals and nobody cares , is it even that bad for the horse if some creep fucks it ? 
  well there havent been any large scale terror attacks that could be traced back to attackers with encrypted communication . 
  and i can assure you , if the police would find criminals and terrorists using this , they would say so and they would abuse it to push for more surveilance . 
  that fact that they havent done so basically means that encrypted communication of criminals and terrorists is absolutely no problem whatsoever . 
  even if thats true , lets talk about how much saudi financed terrorism against us we have to endure before the oil isnt worth it anymore . 
  lets talk about why we demonize the iran that is objectively not quite as bad as saudi arabia . 
  lets talk about why we are this dependant on a ressource that is mostly produced by despots and those that would like to be one . 
  and if this dependancy isnt the reason why these despots are in power to begin with . 
  but oh wait we cant do that , because being realistic about our own place in the world isnt possible . 
   the main reason we support the saudis is because we 're fucking terrified of what is going to happen when that regime falls apart . 
  so how is a nation that finances terrorist that actively fight against us and also finances mosques in europe that are actively working on destroying our societes better than a nation full of people that may or may not be hostile to us ? 
  i mean i can see that this is some propaganda crap sa serves the west , but i dont see any reason why it would be true . 
  hell sa is basically fighting a war against the west right now , they just do it through the backdoor of sunni extremists . 
  i doubt it could get any worse than that . 
   the netherlands are paying 64 mio . 
  euro per unit , way below the 90-100 million for the typhoon . 
  the general price of the f-35 is projected to be around $ 90 million . 
  wow the last number i saw was 150 million usd per f35 . 
  guess that supports my point about not developing 3 different jets for europe and economics of scale . 
   no , the us do n't need anyone anymore . 
  they are 100 % indepedent when it comes to oil . 
  the us need sa for their airbase and influence in the region . 
  since they have such a hardon for geopolitics , airbaseses close to the middle east are very valuable for them . 
  hence why they suck turkeys and saudi arabias dick despite the fact that one is a slave kindgom and erdogan would probably like to turn turkey into something similar as well . 
   due to economy of scale , the us jets will usually be a little cheaper than their european counterparts cheaper is relative though . 
  afaik the f35 is overall much more expensive than anything build in europe , but its also more versatile/useful or something . 
  i seem to remember that a better comparision would be f22 vs typhoon . 
  and in this case the typhoon was just as good , but still a lot cheaper . 
  which is probably the best for us . 
  we dont really need top of the line jets anyway . 
  we need solid jets that are cheap . 
  then again it would also be great for europe if we could get norway and france into the boat for the next jet . 
  there is next to no point of building 3 different yets , its probably pretty bad if you consider economics of scale . 
  oh it can be that easy . 
  europe does not need saudi arabia , sure the us do , but we do not . 
  all it takes to cut them off is a spine . 
  because the internet is an infrastructure ressource like streets and the water supply system . 
  just like you cant sue the water company of a criminal drug producer for supplying the water for drug production , you cant sue an isp for allowing illegal data to use their cables . 
  i shall remind you of that once the russians shoot down every single nato airplane over syria . 
  oh wait they wont do that because they arent retarded nitpickers . 
  its not so much a blanked statement as it is a statement about a blanket rule . 
  if you force facebook to delete coments that call for violence against groups , would they have to delete posts that call to overthrow a dictator by force ? 
  i mean it would be inciting violence ... just against a group/person that we think deserves it . 
  while i dont agree in general . 
  technically violence against tyranny would fall under facebooks new `` inciting violence against groups '' rule and would be deleted . 
  censorship is a fine line to walk . 
  why ? 
  i mean sure it makes a difference for their egos , they dont feel as threatened if an `` allied '' fighter enters their airspace . 
  even though they still think its annoying enough to do it to each other all the time . 
  but ultimately , a russian fighter a few kilometers into turkish airspace is no threat whatsoever . 
  even if the turkish side of the story is correct , that fighter was shot down for no other reason than to piss of the russians . 
   turkish authorities identified one of the paris attackers and warned france twice before the attack . 
  you guys sure stopped him , only after he and his mates killed +100 people . 
  this warning wasnt follwed up on because turkish intelligence couldnt be trusted . 
  they couldnt be trusted because they assasinated some turks with ties to the opposition in france a few years back . 
  so yeah , if a foreign intelligence agency goes about killing people in your territory , you dont jump whenever they want . 
  the french werent the only ones considering the turkish agency hostile either . 
   they do n't show their isis id card at the hospital , you know that , right ? 
  you will be surprised but some syrian civilians also have beards and we ca n't call them isis only because of that . 
  i am sure after supplying isis with weapons , turkey is looking extra hard to find and arrest isis fighters now . 
  guess pkk members all do carry their terrorist approved ids . 
  discrimination doesnt have to be ordered by a goverment . 
  just a few things that turned up after 5 seconds in google : http://www.nber.org/digest/sep03/w9873.html http://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2015/10/19/job-discrimination-based-on-a-name http://www.forbes.com/sites/ruchikatulshyan/2014/06/13/have-a-foreign-sounding-name-change-it-to-get-a-job/ http://www.theguardian.com/money/2009/oct/18/racism-discrimination-employment-undercover this exists virtually everywhere and extends to some degree to general behaviour . 
  no its not , or do you treat every single person like shit if you think you can get away with it ? 
  i sort of doubt it . 
  but the us demand diplomatic immunity for the border officials they want to send . 
  even if they have diplomatic immunity ? 
   can we not preserve our european cultural identity without being called racist ? 
  did you notice the part where i said not taking any migrants is perfectly fine ? 
  and if you do insult migrants for their origin or ethnicy , yes that makes you a racist . 
   at least the right will stop adding to the problem . 
  no they wont . 
  the problem is terrorism , not migration . 
  and right wing politicians like orban are the reason integration fails .
