  thats the point . 
  most soldiers dont risk any more than police or firefighters . 
  well obviously . 
  not everybody becomes a problem with dual citizenship . 
  but the more extreme the difference between the two countries with citizenship , the worse it gets . 
  dual citizenship within the eu isnt a problem . 
  but dual citizenship should be the exception . 
  especially if integration could be problematic because of significant cultural differences , it should be denied on principle . 
  if only to drive home what it really means to apply for german citizenship : it means you become german , not a turk that happens to live in germany . 
  citizenship should not be a matter of convenience that you apply for like a tax return , it should be a personal commitment to a country and a culture . 
  which is odd because it is a job . 
  surely its a job thats vital for society , but that is also the case for police , teachers , doctors , nurses and firefighters . 
  soldiers arent anything special . 
  most militaries switch to a voluntary model because of political pressure . 
  there is basically no advantage to stopping conscription from a purely military point of view . 
  actually , you are wrong . 
  there is the sentiment that cultures can exist next to eachother , that migrants dont have to integrate and that parallel societies are just a normal way of peaceful coexistance . 
  this is one of the reasons why the turks that came 40 years ago were never integrated . 
  at first nobody cared , and later parties like the greens promoted the idea of coexisting parallel societies as a way of integrating without integration . 
  for example : we allow double citizenship like its some sort of club membership . 
  when we should really insist on an absolute commitment to german citizenship . 
  last years willkommenskultur didnt come out of nowhere . 
  spiegel online is mainstream . 
  its the most or second most used news website in germany afaik . 
  ( not sure if bild is bigger ), 
   does anyone even believe if only for a second when they read about these attacks the establishments claims of `` lone wolf '' , `` mentally ill '' , `` unknown motive '' ? 
  well , according to wikipedia , lonewolf is actually still the correct term . 
   a lone wolf or lone-wolf terrorist is someone who prepares and commits violent acts alone , outside of any command structure and without material assistance from any group . 
  however , he or she may be influenced or motivated by the ideology and beliefs of an external group , and may act in support of such a group . 
  the key point is that the terrorist was not a guy send from syria to do some terrorism here . 
  it was somebody that radicalized himself * independently * in germany and was then influenced by isis contacts he most likely approached . 
  lone wolf as a term is mostly about how an attack is organized , not how its motivated . 
  this is important because you cant track these kind of people by following money or information flows . 
  that doesnt make them any less of a terrorist or any less of a threat . 
  but it still requires different solution . 
  tl : dr : you are wrong . 
  and its not very left either . 
   the goal of isis is not to get us to abandon our humanitarian ideals , but to convert us to islam and get us to stop bombing them while they genocide the middle east . 
  not really . 
  the goal of the isis leadership is to start a war of religions which would drive moderates into their fundamentalism and give them power . 
  they dont care about conquest , they care about personal power . 
  it doesnt matter if an all out war with the west would kill millions of muslims . 
  it would increase the influence of radical muslim leaders and thats just about all that they want . 
   we can destroy them . 
  they ca n't destroy us . 
  they dont care to destroy us . 
  a war would allow them to gain power while their mindless followers die . 
  thats their goal . 
  the west is just a bunch of useful idiots they can exploit for their own interests . 
   in any kind of war , except nuclear , i have no doubts who would win . 
  you realize that the people that lead these terrorist organization want exactly that ? 
  a war against the west that drives even moderates into their arms and allows them to grab power . 
  and the uneducated morons and fanatics they exploit wont mind dying for the glory of their god . 
   if the mainstream parties are doing enough then they need not worry about being replaced with more right-wing parties . 
  that would be the case if voters would be completely rational . 
  unfortunately they are not and right wing parties are very good at conjuring up fear of the unknown to grab power . 
  they are obviously incapable of fixing the problem , but they dont want to anyway . 
  as long as people are afraid of something they cant graps , right wing parties will gain power . 
  its actually pretty funny if you think about it . 
  they talk a minor problem up to the point where it becomes a big problem . 
  then make it worse and argue they need more power to fix what they caused to begin with . 
  this line of thought is also very popular with police and intelligence agencies . 
  fail long enough until you can demand more power to fix a problem you created in the first place . 
   yet like any other act of depravity that has no place in our society we need not and must not . 
  a lot of `` acts of depravity '' are tolerated to some degree . 
  not because we like it , but because at some point attempting to further reduce these things would require us to give up essential rights . 
  most importantly : i have yet to see any convincing evidence that the west has any sort of working plan to stabilize the middle east . 
  we have tried to intervene 3 times in less than 15 years . 
  none of those intervenition produced a stable nation . 
  in fact , right now we are dealing with a terrorist group that got big because of the intervenition in iraq . 
  and the politicians that failed us and caused this werent the evil left wingers , it were delusional right wing conservatives . 
  and they did nothing about it . 
  if they cant even be bothered to demonstrate if a goverment turns around 180 * , they are very unlikely to start riots or large scale violence . 
   has not spiraled into extremism . 
  that 's my point , the greek people have shown extreme restraint . 
  have they ? 
  they tried electing wannabe communists with absurd promises . 
  but just like every other political party before , the wannabes have collapsed as soon as they got the power and are now tame yes men . 
  chances are golden dawn would forget their ambitious plans and promises for the sake of maintainign power just as quickly . 
  the greek always have the choice to say fuck it and leave the euro . 
  thats not fun , but its going to be an option long before any pogroms . 
  its a long way from nationalist parties to progroms . 
  so yeah , shit americans say indeed . 
  asylum is not meant to be a ticket into a better life . 
  too bad nobody told them that . 
  you are right and i personally agree with you , but the un and the refugee carta unfortunately dont . 
  which is quite silly and something that should be fixed . 
  but thats probably not going to happen . 
   they are entering illegaly and we 're letting them seek asylum even though they 're breaking international law . 
  which law do they break ? 
  because entering a country via illegal ways doesnt cut it . 
  this particular crime is explicitly to be ignored in case of refugees based on the un refugee convention thing . 
  i dont like it either , but that is how it works afaik . 
  the us have absolutely no problem at all with supporting radical islamists , as long as they cooperate . 
  there is no point in stopping a coup and risking to permanently destroy your relations with the country if the coup ultimately works . 
  this is a turkish airbase that also has nato troops . 
  how would the us know which jets participate in maneuvers and which are trying to kill the president ? 
  supposedly , a lot of the foot soldiers in the street didnt know its a coup . 
   i also do n't think we 'll have to pay for medieval bridges . 
  our paperwork does n't got back that far .
