  as harsh as it sounds : if they believe that , they deserve their fate . 
  it doesnt matter if somebody else screws you , you always start cleaning your own house first . 
  your only option was to hold politicians to their promises for once . 
  it absolutely doesnt matter whom you elect . 
  as long as goverments are allowed to turn around on their promises and betray their own people unpunished your country will be a pile of shit . 
  why would any greek politician ever attempt serious reforms if they can just stay in office , reap the benefits and ignore the rabble ? 
  it worked for the last dozen goverments , as long as it keeps working there is very little hope for greece . 
  dont worry , there will be a new party of upstanding left wing saviors to rally the fools that elected syriza . 
  none of these poles will be russia though . 
  once china reaches a point where they are a serious global power , russian oil will be gone . 
  at that point the pecking order will most likely be china  us  eu  india, 
   so , you 're denying wholesale that germany tried forcing migrant quotas onto neighbouring nations last year ? 
  and failed , not particulary impressive for a dictatorship . 
  germany alone cant do shit in the eu . 
  the eu is specifically build to prevent germany from taking over . 
  then again the success of populists is virtually always the fault of a lazy establishment that takes its power for granted . 
  the afd in germany is the direct result of merkel turning a conservative party into an erratic horde of majority sheeps that have the glorious duty of agreeing with merkel no matter what . 
  they actively avoid politics for the sake of staying in power . 
  if you run your party like that , you dont have to be surprised if somebody else also tries populism and does it better than you . 
  some basic concrete barriers are a good idea . 
  if only to prevent idiots from simply doing the same thing again . 
  afaik some cities use barriers that look like natural rocks to make it less obvious . 
   this argument gives me no comfort . 
  the fact that you value comfort over rational safety shows how irrational you are . 
  you are basically a terrorist victim already . 
  there is a difference between wanting to fix a problem and fear . 
  the bild frontpage doesnt want to create awareness for a problem , it wants to cause panic . 
  this isnt a well researched article about the failure of the police or the migration agency . 
  its literally a call to panic . 
  what good is that supposed to do ? 
  not sure about it , but afaik the police can just go to companies like facebook and ask them for data with a search warrant . 
  considering how facebook is used , that might be more data than what conventional data retention stored anyway . 
  you are much more likely to die to traffic incidents , weather or your very own stupidity than to terrorists . 
  nobody says you should forget , but if you get worked up about it 24/7 you change precisely nothing . 
  you just end up with a shitty life . 
   facebook is many-to-many , media outlets are one-to-many . 
  the point is that unlike p2p , facebook filters the content . 
  a news website that solely runs based on freelance workers is also a many to many system . 
  but it still picks content based on rules it created . 
  just like facebook creates rules to determine the visibility of content . 
  i actually greatly dislike the german censorship policies in general . 
  but calling out facebook for what it is does make sense . 
  among other things , it would instantly get rid of fakenews , without any absurd laws or regulations . 
  it doesnt matter , not anymore . 
  all thats left to do is work with that we have and punish the idiot politicians causing this mess . 
  which doesnt matter at all . 
  facebook has to adopt their business model to laws and regulations , not the other way around . 
  if their business isnt profitable when conducted properly , its their own problem , not anybody else 's . 
  just like trump is the most elected potus . 
  doesnt make either of them smart , right or competent . 
   assimailate or go home !, 
  living in europe is not a human right . 
  we are the ones that have the right to set the conditions to live here , because this our creation . 
  it is not like we really need these people here or benefit from them . 
  they have to obey , and we do n't have to tolerate anything !, 
  please go into detail which of these points is explicitly impossible to achieve for muslims . 
  i mean i agree on most of those , but i dont see any reason why its impossible . 
  we just have to make sure it happens . 
   it would have been impossible to change the laws and constitution in such a short time . 
  it wasnt a short time . 
  the 900k people didnt get dropped over night by parachutes . 
  this was a several year long development merkel failed to recognize . 
  other people failing as well doesnt take away merkels responsibility for fucking up . 
   you can look up the charts : they were coming no matter what and the trend was already well-established . 
  merkel only allowed them to enter germany , rather than overwhelm the other eu countries who could n't or would n't handle the situation . 
  merkel effectively gave them german citizenship and made sure they will be our problem . 
  there was always the option of adapting laws and making sure they can not stay in germany permanently . 
  but considering the developments in syria and the `` success '' of nato operations in afghanistan and iraq , no relevant number of syrian refugees will ever be deported and virtually all of them will eventually be able to claim citizenship which means we are suddenly responsible for hammering their shit culture out and we get to pay the bills for it . 
  no , but seing how many of them are muslims and for now largely interact with other refugees , its vastly easier for them to spot radicals than for most germans . 
  i mean if nothing else , they are more likely to speak the language of the nutjobs . 
  i dont think that a `` fear '' frontpage like this will lead to anybody making even a half decent argument for any kind of cause . 
  its populism , idiocy and very effective propaganda for terrorists , nothing more . 
  typical bild idiocy . 
  their readers are probably too ignorant to figure out that this front page is a bigger success for terrorists than killing 12 people . 
  islam doesnt even matter . 
  there are more than enough muslims that dont cause problems . 
  the problem are the medieval shit cultures in the middle east . 
  the problem is that the west even supports some of the worst of these monsters in saudi arabia . 
  coexistance with islam is possible . 
  coexistance with the kind of islam we see in the middle east is not . 
  facebooks problem is that they are desperate to avoid being treated like a media outlet . 
  but unfortunately , thats what they are . 
  facebook alone creates the algorithms that are used to decide what gets shown and what gets hidden . 
  once this problem gets fixed , the freedom of speech issues wont matter anymore . 
  because they cant behind it as a media outlet anyway . 
  weck , really ? 
  what the hell is that supposed to mean ? 
  its called a br\u00f6tchen . 
  then again you dont pay 70 bucks for a 10gb lte contract per month . 
  its the same here , but its like 3 cent either way so nobody gives a damn . 
  a lot of people have flatrates anyway . 
  the `` power '' of russia spills out of half broken oil pumps and it wont last forever . 
  once that is gone , russia is just a developing country with nukes they can never use unless they want to be burned of the map . 
  turkey is a nato ally and considers the organization she fought for to be terrorists . 
  are you sure she 's a hero , even if she fought for a terrorist group we merely support for geopolitical convenience ? 
  true , i could be wrong . 
  which is why i dont go around executing people like this woman for being terrorists . 
  unlike her , i am not willing to bet other peoples lives on the fact that my view of the world is correct and flawless . 
  for all we knew the organisation she supports might turn into outright terrorists once they dont need western support anymore . 
  italy gets screwed by its position on the map , not the eu .
