  she obviously deserves sympathy for becoming victim of a crime like this . 
  but beyond that : she decided to visit a backwards country like qatar . 
  she knew that woman arent treated well their and all that protects her is the thin veil of hospitality . 
  she knew that if anything bad happens , qatar can be an ugly place . 
  she is not a native . 
  unlike them she had a choice not to go there . 
  if you visit a nation , you accept its laws . 
  appareantly qatar has a law that allows the police to arrest a woman that got raped . 
  thats obviously pretty nasty , but law is law and you should know what you 're getting into if you travel to a country like this . 
  the implication is that wealth is based on educated workers . 
  without oil ( or other natural ressources , though few are as valuable these days ) , educating the population for higher paid jobs is usually the only way of getting wealthy . 
  and education does in fact help with fighting radicalism . 
  this has nothing to do with multi cultural . 
  if anything the woman failed to adapt to local culture by expecting to be treated like a proper human being . 
   this really is one of the most fucked up places out there . 
  which means its her own fault for going there . 
  what did she expect ? 
  some western nations have problems handling rape cases properly . 
  and she went to the police in a medieval shithole and expected help ? 
  i have zero sympathy for people that get into trouble in placed like this . 
  we have more than enough money to fix our infrastructure . 
  its just not done , possibly to get an excuse for this kind of toll . 
  well as it turns out , if a society doesnt want to leave the eu , its pretty hard for their politicians to use the threat of leaving as leverage for negotiations . 
  one could argue its not the fault of the society , but the politicians that used this threat for negotiations in the past . 
  its their own fault . 
  a vote to remain will greatly weaken the uks position . 
  because it will be definite proof that the uk will basically never leave the eu , which means we wont have to make any compromises for them anymore . 
  if they didnt want that , they shouldnt have started the referendum . 
  its quite convenient that there will be a referendum that allows them to do so soon . 
  once they are out of the eu and eea they will never have to worry about the pesky freedom of movement again . 
  source ? 
  because smugglers are expensive , we know that a trip across the med can cost thousands of dollars . 
  thats way out of reach for poor shitters . 
  my post doesnt even mention poverty though . 
   these policies are somewhat viral , they actively spread inequality , poverty and as a result , crime and disorder . 
  these things spread geographically . 
  if you support the nations around you and make sure they are stable and healthy societies , your country will be stable too . 
  thats why its important to start with your immediate neighbours . 
  sure you can slowly work your way outwards . 
  but its completely pointless to support a random country on the other side of the world . 
  their misery wont affect us unless it spreads to our direct neighbours , and as far as i can tell there are enough countries around us that still need our help . 
  helping them directly is significantly more effective . # at the end of the day our ressources are limited . 
  we have to set priorities and it makes the most sense to use our ressources to help societies if we benefit from helping them . 
   i 'll happily pay a portion of my income to support those who ca n't defend themselves . 
  that 's exactly what i already do with the police for example and i do n't see that the person 's nationality matters in that . 
  nationality doesnt matter ( much ) . 
  the ony relevant criteria is the distance to the people you support , both geographically and socially . 
  ultimately , in order to have a good life , you want the society around you to be at least decent . 
  living in a walled garden isnt fun , even if you could afford it . 
  so there is a perfectly logical reason for you to support the people around you . 
  in fact , there is no strict cut off point for this . 
  but the practical reasons for supporting other people decrease with their distance from you and decrease further with borders , natural or artificial . 
  which means that the amount of ressources we should invest into distance societies isnt that high . 
  and considering that : asylum isnt exactly the most efficient thing we can do . 
  alright then , dont you feel bad that there are billions of poor and oppressed people out there while you sit here and barely do anything for them ? 
  just go ahead and use all of your available income to support them . 
  surely , saving the lifes of dozens of people is worth more to you than the convenience you get from using the money yourself ? 
  oh wait it isnt , you probably do very little for strangers that live thousands of kilometers away because they simply arent part of your life . 
  and yes , while i wouldnt mind taking the odd refugee from nk here and there , i would not want to integrate hundreds of thousands or even millions of them . 
  that doesnt actually change anything . 
  i bet the living conditions of hundreds of millions of people in the mena region would justify granting them asylum . 
  that still doesnt make this a realistic possibility whatsoever . 
  and at the end of the day , those 4 together still dont have as much influence as germany alone . 
  quite the comedians to assume they could lead anything in the eu . 
   i would suggest that any aid not be tied to the number of deportations accepted , though , or suddenly interests would become rather-more aligned . 
  it would obviously be tied into the percentage of accepted deportations . 
  every country that rejects more than a certain percentage should not be given any aid whatsoever . 
  they are unhappy and ungrateful because of it . 
  since they are also completely powerless hobos , they do dumb shit . 
  bosnia was safe again fairly fast . 
  the iraq isnt safe more than 10 years after the us liberated it and we havent even started to do anything in syria . 
  i would be very surprised if syria would be safe enough for deportations within the next 20 years . 
  stripping somebody of citizenship is a pretty harsh sentence though . 
  if he really only published stuff , he shouldnt lose citizenship for it . 
  i wouldnt strip citizenship for anything less than an all out terrorist attack with massive casualties to be honest . 
  yeah low floors are amazing . 
  half of my flat is underground and i have absolutely no issue with heat . 
  last year we had 6 weeks of basically constant 30 + degrees and it was no problem at all . 
  well at least for me , i think the other tenants boiled in their homes . 
  i wouldnt put it like that . 
  i mean having children is really nobodies business but your own as far as i care . 
  but beyond the passive aggressive crap , thats what he meant i guess . 
   sure my parents would let me live with them , but it would be tough living in their tiny apartment together . 
   and hell , i was spending days in daycare since i was two , barely seeing my parents because they had to work in order not to end up starving and homeless , no way i could do that to my hypothetical kids . 
  thats what he was talking about . 
  in the past , people accepted shit lives and poverty because having children was expected . 
  today , most are unwilling to live like that . 
   this is not a bad deal -- norway seems to be doing fine with it -- but it is a step down from full eu membership . 
  norway is doing fine with its gigantic oil fields . 
  afaik , norway would most likely be an eu member without these fields . 
   it 's not really something you can legislate against anyway , three people can choose to live together , and call themselves married , and you ca n't really do shit . 
  you can deny them the legal advantages and force them to declare their partner . 
  because thats part of the eea and the uk really cant afford to leave the eea . 
  the eu has also no reason at all to give the uk a special deal thats better than the eea . 
  basically : a lot of people like the thought of taking refugees . 
  its nice to help people and it makes you feel good , right ? 
  but the refugees obviously cant live in their city ( because they smell and ruin the property values ) and the refugees children obviously cant visit the same school as their children ( because they are the children of smelling criminals and a bad influence ) . 
  however , there is that other city several hundred kilometers away thats ugly and poor anyway so they can surely take all the refugees . 
  we said that about your food and you still got in the eu . 
  her power comes exclusively from her husband .
