  technically speaking this is fucked up all around . 
  the media are manipulating people with pictures of `` weak '' people while the general population thinks that a young , reasonably healthy male with a smartphone doesnt need asylum . 
  honestly , this is disgusting . 
  this makes me wish we would force imigrants to sign a document saying that they will raise their children to the values of our constitution or forfeit whatever rights they get , including german citizenship . 
  also : allowing foreign extremists to teach in officiall german school is absurd . 
  germany always had close ties to russia , at least compared to a lot of other eu nations , so thats hardly news . 
  on the plus side , this whole issue actually comes with one big advantage . 
  so far people think merkel is some sort of political genius that has a plan for this whole affair . 
  well she obviously doesnt have a plan or she would have acted earlier , but if the eu remains split on this merkels bluff would be called and more people would figure out that she lied all along . 
  in the end this could lead to a more realistic view on mass imigration rather than the naive crap that is spread right now . 
  it makes a difference because people have glorified that case into an epic and a proof for europes cruelty , etc. 
  so if the poor father that has lost his family to european cruelty turns out to be a dumbass smuggler that is responsible for the death of his family , well some illusions will be shattered ... 
  and how does that relate to your absurd claim that we are responsible for every human being ? 
  thats just wrong . 
  for once the absolutely minimum would be on top of what you mentioned : use german as your main language and raise your children to speak german . 
  it also means accepting that you are german , not a turk . 
  if 2 generations after migrating the descendants of migrants still consider themselves turk and dont speak german on their own unless forced to , they arent integrated at all . 
  they dont go into the city and shout `` kill all the nonbelievers '' at the top of their lungs until arrested . 
  unfortunately , because that would make things hell of a lot easier . 
  its not empathy , its pragmatism . 
  your neighbour is always more important for your life than people a few thousand kilometers away . 
  nobody gives a shit about syria , and dont try to lie . 
  we all know nobody in europe cared while millions of syrians were rotting in camps in turkey and jordan . 
  people care now because they dont want smelly migrants lurking around . 
  hell a lot of people would be perfectly happy with an australian solution : out of sight , out of mind . 
  i dont blame them . 
   but we do have a responsibility for all human beings no we dont , not even the un would go this far . 
  there is a reason why economic migrants are denied asylum on principle ; because we are not obligated to take in people just because their life sucks . 
  in fact , doing so would be incredibly stupid . 
  it would remove any incentive to actually improve their own nations and build a future for their childen on their own terms . 
  europe should focus on europe , i dont see any reason to take people beyond the absolutely necessary asylum cases . 
  its not about money . 
  one of the main problems in germany is childcare . 
  nobody cares if you have to stay at home for a year to take care of your child . 
  but its important that you can get back to work asap and that requires childcare . 
  this is being worked on right now , but were not nearly where we want to be . 
  hell somebody i know has trouble getting a proper job because she has to be at home at 3pm to take care of her child . 
  that means no fulltime which greatly limits your options with a certain carreer path . 
  because that costs money . 
  refugees cost money too , but you can always say there was no choice and call your opponents nazis . 
  well you cant arrest them for speaking their mind , and its not as easy to prove whatever they say behind closed doors . 
  afaik , the us will be able to shut down galileo on its own . 
  and because of some shared frequencies , blocking chinese navigation with local jammers will also block this system . 
  there is no reason to allow refugees to work until their asylum claim was processed . 
  if anything we really need to step up the processing of these things . 
  well i can understand why russia would be against the bufferzone , especially since turkey would use this buffer to screw over the pkk . 
  but i have never seen anything that indicated turkey would be willing to maintain these camps and at least tries to make them habitable . 
  which is kind of an important information if you ask me . 
  if turkey does in fact plan to see this through , well i dont know , communicating this fact a little better would help a lot i 'd say . 
  to be honest , its partially a perception problem i think . 
  i havent seen anything that said turkey wants to maintain these camps and asks for help to do so . 
  if anything the implication has always been that turkey doesnt like these camps and doest give a shit if people leave them to go to europe . 
  basically : people think these camps are half assed hellholes . 
  so this might be the issue , if it was more widely known that turkey is willing to maintain these camps with half decent accomodations there would probably be more support . 
  so far this option isnt even mentioned in public discussions . 
  the best help greece and italy can possibly get is something that discourages migranting to europe . 
  pretty funny how we cant possibly afford to properly save greece , yet suddenly dont know what to do with all of our money to the point of inviting migration just so we have somebody to give money too . 
  it would be best not to encourage migration like a moron before we have a an idea of how to deal with it properly . 
  europe isnt about christiandom . 
  if anything europe is about the fact that religion is not the guiding principle of peoples lifes . 
  thats the actual issue with integrating muslims too : for a lot of them religion is more important than say nationality . 
  ehh , i really want a source on that . 
  i think your definition of many might be different from most people . 
  you mean the deal that greece can basically call off at any point in time ? 
  its simple : you dont want the deal , stop taking the money and do whatever the hell you want . 
  its literally a deal that gives greece money . 
  just dont take it if you dont like it . 
  france is afaik a lot more difficult language wise . 
  you can basically move into a city with a decently sized university and do fine with english in germany . 
  i dont think thats going to work in france . 
  that doesnt sound as bad ... 
  alright , where are these greek then ? 
  where are the anti austerity demonstrations after the current bailout was signed ? 
  greece accepted this deal , the greek accepted this deal . 
  at some point your have to shut the hell up and take responsibility for your actions . 
  if greece doesnt want the deal they can literally say so at any time and call the whole thing off . 
  but evidently , greece does wants this deal . 
  so shut up with your conspiracy shit already . 
  no source and a number thats so low its pathetic to argue with anyway . 
  good post . 
  i 'd prefer a shared currency used in 10 economically stable nations over a shit currency used in 19 random nations with half of them at the brink of collaps because of a lack of fiscal tools . 
  if saving the euro means getting rid of greece and possible spain and italy , so be it . 
  which is jsut one reason why we absolutely need a formal exit mechanism , yesterday . 
  because helping refugees doesnt matter to them . 
  spreading their radical views by indoctrinating gullible muslims that feel lost in a christian enviroment ? 
  thats worth something to the saudis . 
  islam in general ? 
  perhaps . 
  the radical saudi founded wahhabism ? 
  absolutely not . 
  well they effectively use the refugees as cannonfodder for the radical preachers that will run these mosques if this actually happens . 
  i for one hope that we wont allow this . 
  low , yes . 
  but not low enough to import this much people . 
  one of the main problems in germany are low paid shit jobs that nobody wants . 
  this should in theory increase the salaries for these jobs until the market finds a balance , but its not happening . 
  importing people that are willing to do these shit jobs for the terrible money they offer will only increase this problem . 
  edit : fun fact : one of these terrible jobs is ironically language teacher for migrants . 
  because the state pays a fixed amount of money per lesson per person and its so low that a lot of those teachers are only hired as freelancers and are poor because of it . 
  you talk like merkel has put any thought into this .
