  that doesnt mean that countries that dont want refugees will take any . 
  merkel can implement shit all day long . 
  she still needs allies to actually get these things done and she doesnt have many right now . 
  status quo is always prefered . 
  and the news healines make the eu look like its about to die any minute now . 
  switzerland and norway are also very rich and switzerland had a ton of special deals with the eu for a while . 
  though afaik some of these deals are being renegotiated or outright scrapped , like the bank secrecy and whatnot . 
  what was undemocratic about it ? 
  other than the fact that the greek goverment went back on both their election promises and the referendum they started of course . 
  looks like greece has a bigger democracy problem than the eu . 
  certain eu decision making processes are massively tilted towards small eu members . 
  for once , you need a certain amount of member states to agree for certain votes . 
  not even eu members give a damn about this though . 
  merkel can kick and scream all she wants , she has no power at all in this case . 
  it also has double the suicide rate . 
  so i guess its still the japanese committing sepuku . 
  the point is that you are the fifth or worse , but you sit right besides the then second largest economic area in the eu/eea . 
  why would a company build a factory in the uk if they have to export 80 % of their products to the eu ? 
  they can build a factory in the eu and sell 80 % locally while exporting 20 % to the uk . 
  its a bit simplified , but a brexit wont be very helpful for the uks attractivity to investors . 
  a lot of corporations will leave though . 
  their facilities in the uk will lose access to the eea which makes them not as attractive anymore . 
  its not going to happen over night . 
  but investments will drop quite a bit . 
   basically you issue work visas and tell people they 'll get double or triple their salary if they come ? 
  the point is that you have to offer double or tripple their salary because of the visa issue . 
  it would be cheaper to get qualified people if you stay in the eu . 
   we 're europeans and that is truly special i mean technically , the eea/eu is the largest economy in the world . 
  its a lot more than just a regular free trade zone . 
  having a giant market and being able to grant other nations access to your market can be a powerful tool for foreign politics . 
  so in a certain way , the eu/eea is actually special and very good at something and the uk will lose out in case of a brexit . 
  you missed the point . 
  its tabloid drama because brexit will now be decided over the fate of a woman rather than with a at least somewhat open discussion . 
  now people will vote remain beacuse they want to honor the mp that got killed . 
  sure the discussion wasnt very objective to begin with . 
  but now the result is basically set by headlines and feels . 
  hence , tabloid drama . 
  i mean its a little bit too convenient to have an obvious neo nazi moron kill a sympathetic and young remain politician . 
  its probably not planned or staged , but its one hell of a convenient event . 
  and to be perfectly honest . 
  everybody that switches sides because of it is a moron . 
  you cant seriously be happy about people changing their opinion based on tabloid drama when it comes to important issues like this . 
  but they let this one act influence them . 
  some people are appareantly switching to remain because of it . 
  these people are still stupid . 
  making the right decision for a wrong reason means they will probably make stupid decisions in the future . 
  50 illiterate monkeys with aks can `` push an army back '' if the army is bad and unmotivated enough . 
  the iraqi army was just in a terrible shape . 
  and neither cannon fodder fanatics nor aks are expensive in mena . 
  technical knowledge isnt quite as easy to get . 
  so you are saying that russia will attack poland or the baltics soon ? 
  which is weird because i very much like the referendum . 
  it will either lead to the uk leaving which would be great , or it would lead to the uk shutting the hell up because they arent going to leave anyway . 
  which would also be great . 
  europe really has nothing to lose at all here . 
  only the uk does . 
  what would you say to this definition :  pits a virtuous and homogeneous people against a set of elites and dangerous ` others ' who are together depicted as depriving ( or attempting to deprive ) the sovereign people of their rights , values , prosperity , identity , and voice doesnt that sound familiar ? 
  it would have to get fairly bad for people to allow the uk back in after a brexit . 
  so yeah , if it comes to that it probably means the uk wouldnt be able to dodge the euro . 
  if only as a test of commitment by the eu to figure out if the uk * really * wants back in desperately enough . 
   `` why did he initiate this vote in the first place ? '', 
  - because democracy actually , it was populism . 
  i dont think he wants a brexit . 
  but was probably afraid of ukip stealing the eurosceptic voters from his party so he had to throw them a bone . 
  probably not . 
  i dont blame the guy . 
  all things considered , this judgement is kind of a farce to be honest . 
  but its not intended as punishment anyway . 
  its a politically motivated judgement to get the point across that dictaorships are in fact evil . 
   and most of the people in this thread treat them as they are vile shit . 
  self righteous shit , actually . 
  then again the people that work in the field arent the ones that made this terrible decision . 
   let 's put it this way : if you have a hospital for burned victims and the romanian government pays for you to treat two each week while pursuing laws that result in 100 + burned victims every week , would it be immoral for you to reject their funding as a protest against their laws ? 
  the problem is that refusing to take the money doesnt make the problem go away . 
  but it prevents them from reducing the suffering . 
  they have a chance of taking the money and using it to help the people they want to help . 
  or rejecting it , feeling good about being anti establishment warriors and letting the people that they want to help rot and die . 
  i guess feeling good about yourself is really important to them huh . 
  he didnt kill anybody . 
  he shouldnt have followed his orders , but it wouldnt have stopped the killing anyway . 
  at some point forgiving is also beneficial for the victims and their relatives . 
  there is no point spending your life full of hatred . 
  its not a good life . 
  he was only a guard . 
  it took 20 years until some of the more involved people were persecuted afaik . 
  it wasnt an easy decision and it wasnt easy to figure out if you can even persecute a guard for what he was guarding . 
  i would say that living in a democracy comes with certain responsibilities . 
  staying informed about politics and being critical towards your own goverment and other political parties is part of that . 
  if you dont care or cant be bothered to , its your own fault . 
  nobody forces you to vote akp , if you fall for their propaganda you dont get to blame others for this . 
  which means its still their own fault . 
  being stupid does not free you from having to deal with the consequences of your own actions . 
  if you are willing to eventually accept unconditional basic income , you might be right . 
  i mean its not so bad to build a bridge in the middle of nowhere . 
  surely at some point somebody is going to build a road to connect the bridge to something ? 
  not sure if there is a whole lot of support for this nowadays . 
  if only because you dont need to make it this dramatic these days . 
  even in backwards nations ( in europe ) , women have hell of a lot more rights than they had in the past . 
  it should be possible for the oldest daughter of a family to become the head of the family and take care of her sisters and parents without basically denying her gender or completely changing her identity . 
  the point is that these 2 cases are very similar , but are randomly treated very differently .
