  if nothing else this is a failure of both his parents and the british society . 
  even if you 'd stop immigration right now and seal the border until the end of time . 
  there is no way around dealing with people like this guy . 
  its in everybodies best interest to make sure they are integrated and have at least some perspective . 
  that would be the uk as far as we can tell . 
  its not hard to check . 
  if somebody uses a dating app they can just look into it . 
  nowadays , everybody is happy to produce mountains of data that are barely secured or given to parties that sell the data . 
  this kind of stuff can be checked by a single person with access to the suspects phone in half an hour . 
  its not actually impressive . 
  if all they did is tell people to do this , they arent responsible at all . 
  i tell people to fuck off all the time , its still their decision whether or not they do . 
  yeah its kind of weird how low germany is . 
  i guess its a pretty tough topic . 
  being trans is a much , much bigger issue than being gay . 
  its about defining who you are and how you see yourself . 
  not just who you prefer to fuck . 
  after all : sexuality is always more or less private . 
  you dont really think about the sexuality of everybody you meet in your everyday life . 
  transsexuality isnt private . 
  you can often see it , if nothing else you can see it during transition . 
  it affects how you address people , it affects which toilet they use , it affects how others address and treat them . 
  its very visible and can be hard to ignore . 
  it also does affect sexuality to some degree , the fact that its not obvious or clearly defined how it affects sexuality makes this worse . 
  dealing with people transitioning genders can be very awkward and taxing . 
  even if you want to be understanding , its not always easy to be and its not always clear how you are expected to act . 
  most germans shy away from existential issues like this . 
  they dont hate trans people , but they 'd rather not be confronted with them because its kind of a lot to deal with . 
  thats why germany wasnt super progressive on gay rights as well , and as i said , being trans is a whole ` nother level . 
  espresso should still be bitter , right ? 
  you also get used to caffeine , i guess an espresso should still work . 
  but regular coffee might do next to nothing to you after a while . 
  if i need a kick at work , i can just get a coke . 
  not that much more unhealthy than a coffee with a ton of sugar . 
  its not whataboutism , its limited ressources . 
  fixing problems costs ressources . 
  sure we could set up trade embargoes and sanctions for every single country out there that treats its citizen unjustly . 
  but what would that accomplish ? 
  nothing . 
  fix our own issues , make sure our societies are well off . 
  the fate of people that elected a mad man is not our concern . 
  they got who they wanted . 
  and if we start playing world police ( which isnt * always * bad ) , lets start with the worst of the scum . 
  say : stop pretending saudi arabia is anything but a medieval death cult hellbend of destroying our society by proxy and dont treat them as allies . 
  every society has to make up its own rules . 
  this guy was afaik elected . 
  now i dont assume that the election was perfect , but chances are a significant part of his population did support him . 
  which makes this a domestic issue . 
  the eu cant save 7 billion people . 
  right now we struggle to fix our problems . 
  so lets focus on that . 
  death penalty as used in the us is insanely expensive , often more so than prison for life . 
  no it doesnt . 
  nobody cares about profit in absolut numbers . 
  the sole relevant number is the margin because it translates fairly directly into interest rates for shareholders . 
  this isnt a mutually exclusive choice . 
  afaik our interest rates for loans are negative now . 
  people pay us to deposit their money . 
  so we could do all of the things you mentioned as well . 
  the refugee situation has not prevented a single euro of investment into anything more important . 
  if we didnt spend these ~ 20b on refugees , our goverment would sit on the surplus and jerk off on having a surplus . 
  i mean i was against taking these refugees . 
  but even though taking them was a terrible idea and will make our society worse , it wont ruin us . 
  the impact will be very limited . 
  negative without a doubt , but limited . 
  and honestly , whenever somebody from eastern europe screams at germans not being particulary fazed about the refugee situation , it feels like they are just mad germany didnt spend those billions on them . 
  mind you , that would have been a better choice i guess . 
  but it does make you look greedy . 
  you confuse being filthy rich with self sabotage . 
  germany and sweden were too generous to the refugees because they could afford to do so . 
  germany can spend 20b a year for people that arent worth anything to us and it doesnt hurt us in any way . 
  neither the soviets , nor any south american country is anywhere close to germany/sweden as far as raw wealth and economy goes . 
  sure it was a dumb idea and shouldnt have been done like this . 
  but if you have a million on the bank you can afford to throw beggars a stack of cash , even if they turn out to be scams . 
  thats pretty rich . 
  the main difference between the idiot politicians in eastern europe and the idiot politicians in the western parts is that one side prefers left wing populism and the other side prefers right wing populism . 
  both are effectively centrist parties by now , though the csu has a bit of a conservative stance on some issues . 
  the main differences are that schulz is more open towards supporting greece , would probably push for full marriage for everybody and might come up with a hand full of token social policies . 
  the spd is also not as hardcore against debts which is probably the better stance * right now * , even though it can backfire extremely hard . 
  you think like trump , its not smart to think like trump . 
  the bnd does cooperate with us agencies and its not exactly impossible that some of the data they base this on comes from us sources . 
  whether this is accurate or not , you should not trust the bnd to be competent or capable of ressisting manipulation by us agencies . 
   and what do you do if they dont obey you ? 
  record them 2 . 
  identify them 3 . 
  charge them with the felony/crime they commited 4 . 
  turns out the record is solid proof 5 . 
  a lot of germans already learn 2 foreign languages in school . 
  and while spanish is taught a lot , french should still be the most taught 2nd foreign language . 
  i personally dont like to swap french with english . 
  considering the global situation , it makes no sense to prioritise anything above english as the first foreign language taught . 
   it 's mostly to give a taste of what a military job would be like and to train them to do some basic things . 
  and thats not worth shit . 
  military service isnt a toy . 
  you ** force ** people into serving , you pay 15b or more up front and at least 2b a year . 
  and what do you get out of it ? 
  virtually nothing . 
  a month isnt even enough for basic training . 
  so why force young people into military service if you dont get anything out of it ? 
  it wont be free either .
