stop selling them weapons . 
  isolate them . 
  set up financial sanctions like we did against russia . 
  the saudis need us just as much as we need them , if not more . 
  the saudis are one of the major reasons why the region is unstable . 
  its pretty hilarious to support terrorist because terrorist destabilize the regions and we need allies there . 
  the saudis willingness to use their money to push their interest is the problem , not a solution . 
  if the us are afraid of angering the saudis , you have lost all relevance already . 
   so what 's the alternative ? 
    well , there are three : and how much of these 3 scenarios are realistic in a syria with russian support for assad and no western intervenition beyond a few airstrikes against isis ? 
  i mean its quite likely that assad wont controll the entirety of syria again . 
  but that would essentially mean a constant civil war . 
   yes we can ... we stayed a decade in iraq and still in afghanistan . 
  and you still pulled out before the country was stable . 
  iraq is still a mess that has to deal with isis and is struggling to do so at times . 
  afghanistan even thinks about talking to the taliban again . 
  good job with that . 
  syria under assad worked better than it does now . 
  nobody claims it was a paradise , hell it probably wasnt fun to live in syria . 
  but it was safe . 
  the syrians obviously thought so as well , seeing how they only fled in large numbers once the war started . 
  at the end of the day , living under a tyrant is better than dying . 
  and i do not see any other options right now . 
  assad is backed by russia . 
  the fsa is in no position to end the war against both assad and isis . 
  its practical for syria . 
  the current war has to end , and isis cant be allowed to get out on top . 
  if russia and china are willing to work on that , we should not interfere with their efforts . 
  if you want a happy democracy in syria , go send your own troops . 
  that doesnt matter . 
  people lived under assad , they had okay lives and most notably did not rebell en masse until their living conditions were ruined by inflation . 
  most importantly : we dont have a choice . 
  are you willing to send the uk military into syria and have them stay for decades to build a democratic society ? 
  because if not , you dont get to vote on what happens there . 
  the americans stayed in germany to limit sovjiet influence . 
  this was not a happy charity , this was raw geopolitics . 
  even the us are evidently not able to commit their forces for decades anymore . 
  doesnt matter if they could do it in the past , they cant do it now . 
  so stop arguing with impossibel scenarios . 
  we arent supporting anybody . 
  if we would be willing to we 'd have options . 
  but we dont want to get into this mess . 
  so i 'd say if russia and china are willing to end the war , let them . 
  after all syria worked under assad , people were willing to live there . 
  so it was surely a better situation than what we have now . 
  you went full retard on a guy that simply argued for a practical view on the situation . 
  that certainly doesnt help . 
  assad offers a better longterm perspective than isis . 
  and as an american , you should shut up about responsibilities . 
  how many syrians have the us taken in ? 
  how much money did you donate to orgs helping out the refugees right now ? 
   all ill say to that is , go look up the amount of people killed by saddam and the ba'ath party before we sing their praises . 
  then go look up how many people died since the iraq was `` liberated '' and how many die every year right now . 
  at the end of the day we should pick the side that offers the best long term perspective . 
  thats quite obviously not isis . 
  and you cant commit the military forces of a democratic nation for long enough to properly build a democratic society . 
  so maybe just shut up and stop bombing people if you cant finish the job . 
  according to wikipedia the war started because of a combination of inequality and `` the most intense drought ever recorded on syria '' . 
  this lead to increased food prices , mass migration from the rural areas to the cities and increased prices on other goods . 
  syria also took 1,5 million refugees from iraq which certainly didnt help right after a drought . 
  so yes it was mostly food problems , inflation and the instability in iraq that led to the protest which were gunned down . 
  syria worked out under assad . 
  it was afaik a famine that caused things to go wrong . 
  so yes , assad is not a good solution by any means , but he is a solution . 
  cant russia veto this anyway ? 
  you know just in case putin has a bad day and his friends want to spare him from reading a strongly worded letter . 
  so how does that work out for the bahn ? 
  afaik the reason why these refugees take the hard route is that they cant take planes because the airline would be charged with smuggling . 
  so why wasnt the bahn charged with smuggling yet ? 
  if you charge individuals , you have to charge companies too . 
  our wallet . 
  we can send a hundred thousand soldiers and call it peacekeeping when smugglers are mown down with automatic guns . 
  or we send 4 and call it an assasination . 
  mind you i would prefer to have these people answer to a european court , but i am not sure if we could even charge them with anything relevant . 
  and rapist show their papers to their victims these days ? 
  how do you track somebody that is on the run after raping somebody else ? 
  you ask the victim for a profile and take samples based on the profile . 
  if the victim says it was a black dude and she cant remember much more , well ... you should also keep in mind that any refugees in the area have an interest in giving a sample , because is can prove they arent guilty . 
  yes , merkel pretends there is no work to do and everybody is amazed and thinks she is the perfect chancellor because she works so fast that all problems are solved already . 
  its a good time to be interested in politics as a german . 
   the only thing you can accuse anybody of is a late reaction to an immediate problem . 
  exactly . 
  these refugees have been sitting in turkey for years . 
  not only did merkel never offer turkey any relevant support for this , she didnt even think about taking precautions in case this extends to europe . 
  and on top of that , she gives her dramatic little speech and invites people , again before having any plans . 
  the german chancellor is not an office clerk . 
  this position is supposed to have at least a little bit of foresight . 
  merkel has no foresight whatsoever , not now , not 6 months ago when handling greece . 
  for starters : have a plan how to deal with refugees before you invite them . 
  closing borders 2 weeks after announcing that asylum knows no limits is pretty damn hilarious . 
  dont worry , merkel will survive this and she will be reelected at the next scheduled elections . 
  its really not my job to figure this out . 
  but why dont you answer this : why doesnt * merkel remove the laws that grant these rights if they are unenforceable anyway ? 
  edit : also , if we cant enforce basic rights , doesnt that mean we should walk away from ttip entirely ? 
  because it opens us up to us claims , but we would evidently not be able to claim our rights against us interest anyway . 
   none of these actions would have any effect other than hurting ourselves . 
  if thats the attitude that is used to defend our own rights , then we 're basically fucked . 
  honestly : if merkel isnt willing to defend the privacy of german citizens , she should go ahead and change/remove the laws that grant it . 
  but no , she 'd rather lie to everybody while sucking up to the us . 
  the connection is that the german goverment is willing to sell out the rights of their own people for convenience and to not `` anger '' the us .
