  i very much prefer that nations that dont want to be a part of this leave . 
  i dont mind , its their decision . 
  but there is no moral high ground here . 
  its not evil eurocrats vs hard working locals oppressed by eu regulations . 
  her poll results really dont matter at all . 
  there was never any chance that she wouldnt be reelected in 2017 . 
  she could always be certain about that . 
  merkels popularity merely dropped from north korean levels to something that is more common in democracies . 
  she has had the momentum for 10 years , she simply choses not to use it . 
  if the decision would be about a newly constructed facility , then i 'd 100 % prefer a coal plant . 
  the quote is misleading and leaves out a lot of facts . 
  better get written consent with a notary present . 
  nukes are not a weapon of war . 
  you dont win anything by using them , you just make everybody lose . 
  russia is a threat because they have a lot of raw manpower and tanks , thats it . 
  it often works like that even on a national level . 
  modern societies are too complex to understand them without making this your job . 
  so people support them and pray that those working for the goverment and its institutions are doing something useful . 
  it doesnt matter what they want . 
  it matters how they act . 
  if they act like nationalists , the doctors will leave just like the janitors because they dont feel welcome and safe anymore . 
  thats not how business works . 
  you 'd price your milk with the necessary bribes in mind , therefore relaying your extra cost to the customer . 
  chances are thats why its so expensive . 
  the milk is actually cheaper , but the cost of procuring it are higher because of corruption and inefficiency . 
  so your problem isnt that the commission is corrupt , your problem is that your country is too poor to bribe them ? 
  well , at least you have your priorities straight . 
  alright then , why exactly can eastern and southern europe not take control ? 
  what is the mechanism that allows this german conspiracy ? 
  i know people that bought vw cars for their good resale value . 
  they are very much affected by this . 
  vw did lie to their customers and sold them faulty products though . 
  there is a news on spiegel online about a catering company with a thousand leased vws that will cancel their contract because they were lied to and dont get any compensation for it . 
  it would have been helpfull for vws reputation to whip up some sort of settlement . 
  which is why you just hold the referendum , give them what they want and let them suffer through it if its a stupid idea . 
  let them learn it the hard way . 
   germany 's government , for a long time , tried to avoid sanctions and go for a diplomacy-only solution . 
  especially the german industry tried to pressure the government , because we are heavily invested in russia . 
  the sanctions are a big financial loss . 
  exactly . 
  so what does that tell you about our goverment that they agreed to the sanctions against the wishes of industry , opposition and population ? 
  merkel and her party will suck the us dick no matter what . 
  they actually wrote a song specifically about that , see belows post from / u/dudeldudel666, 
   a tentacularian entity that imposes it 's will even when a referendum say no to them . 
  greece had its chance to leave the euro and the eu . 
  in fact , many would have prefered that . 
  but considering that the party that lied to their electorate twice is still in power , the greek seem perfectly happy with their current situation . 
  and right now a lot of people in the eu eagerly await the uk to leave . 
  its a bit of a morbid fascination , i give you that , but the only people that try to go back on the referendum right now are uk politicians . 
  as a member of both eu and nato , nothing really . 
  500 euro per post . 
  double for answering shitposts like yours . 
  considering what kind of absurdly corrupt shithole the ukraine is , we actually do quite a bit for them . 
  and the sanctions are afaik incredibly expensive for europe and the eu right now . 
  i seem to remember a number in the range of several hundred billion euro per year . 
  thats a lot of money spend to defend a shitty regime against a sligthly worse regime . 
  he lived in paris for 19 years . 
  his home was france . 
  even if not , the term volunteer is pretty clear . 
  he was under no obligation to defend a country on the other side of the continent . 
  he chose to do so . 
  if anything , its quite dishonest to portray him as a victim . 
  he wanted to do this and most likely knew what could happen . 
  technically speaking : this guy chose to fight in the ukraine . 
  he died because of it . 
  sure russia fuels the conflict , but he didnt have to go there . 
  his choice , his consequences . 
  he made the decision to become a soldier and fight in the ukraine . 
  he wasnt forced to do so , he wasnt in a position where he had no other choice . 
  it was his decision . 
  the article attempts to paint him like a victim , when he really wasnt . 
  there is no point in trying to appease people based on what they perceive is happening and what should happen . 
  sch\u00e4uble is doing his job , a minister of finance is supposed to keep the finger on the money and work on a balanced budget . 
  every other minister will always be busy promising the population to build yet another sandcastle . 
  you need a counterpoint to this within the goverment . 
  in theory , there is also no fraktionszwang in the bundestag , yet in practise there is . 
  and your argument is pretty hollow . 
  in fact , the rundfunkrat should be structured to prevent `` politically involved '' people from entering it . 
  there is absolutely no reason why political parties and the goverment itself get guaranteed representation in an explicitly apolitical institution . 
  the `` others '' category should be the only one used . 
  it features a wide variety of people from various , for the most part apolitical , organisations . 
  it also has only about a quarter of party politicians as opposed to the nearly 50 % overall party members . 
  but yeah . 
  why not guarantee political parties and the goverment itself influence over an institution that is explicitly meant to not be influenced by politics . 
  that sounds like a great idea . 
  lets take a look at the structure of the zdf rundfunkrat : goverment ( state and federal ) : 19 political parties : 12 ( 8 from cdu/csu and spd ) religious orgs : 5 others : 39 ( including at least 10 members of goverment parties ) almost half of the total members of the zdf rundfunkrat are members of goverment parties . 
  which is weird , because party membership has been collapsing and you 'd think there would be more `` unaligned '' people . 
  its almost like the being in the right party would make it very easy to get into there . 
  can i get a working example for this ? 
  i 'm curious . 
   indeed the german ones do n't get their money from the government but directly from the population collected by a government-independent authority . 
  the german public broadcasters are managed by a board of politicians that virtually always reflects the power structure of our parliament . 
  this board can basically run the broadcast by putting their lackeys into the right positions . 
  oh and its basically tax funded as well . 
  sure its not a tax on paper , but you are forced to pay the fee no matter what , by law . 
  this is a really bad example . 
  if you do it right , yes . 
  if you dont , you get a glorious system like the one we have . 
  `` publicly '' funded , yet controlled exclusively by the parties that are currently in power . 
  you sound like a child .
