  so if you want numbers , how about you come up with some numbers too ? 
  how many innocents can we kill , just so a few especially brutal criminals get to die ? 
  how many before the `` proper '' punishment for a few isnt worth the price anymore ? 
  this is happening because leaders like merkel just brush over justified criticism and the fears of the population . 
  which is partially what the polish mep was talking about . 
  people feel run over by merkels fuck you politics , so they get frustrated and since the politicians dont listen to them or insult them , some find other , less civilised ways to vent . 
  there is a reason merkel is getting most of the hatred right now . 
   that 's enough . 
  they 're the ones who earned it . 
  not the rest of society . 
  none of these rich people would have a penny without a society to exploit . 
  an economy is an eco system , not a plot of land that you can mine out and move on . 
  every rich person * requires * this ecosystem to be rich . 
  and since they take a larger than usual share , they can be expected to give back a larger than usually share too . 
   i stole 40 % of your money a large part of that is for pensions and healthcare insurance . 
  but please go ahead and tell me about how your system of healthcare insurance is cheaper . 
  go ahead and try . 
  companies will be able to sue nations if they tighten regulations . 
  because company profits are obviously more important than public safety . 
  because those profits will land in the pockets of the 1 % while 40 million us citizen cant afford health insurance . 
   that 's why trade deals will inevitably damage environmental regulations . 
  yes they will . 
  since our regulations are obviously `` equal '' , vw will basically be able to sell their cars in the us as long as they meet our regulation requirements . 
  you also cant tighten your regulations because they are already `` equal '' and vw can sue you for the losses this would cause them . 
  fun , isnt it ? 
  simply put : the deal benefits companies at the cost of customers and nations on both sides . 
  the negotiations are also run without any oversight from parliaments . 
  the commission is known to be selfish if not corrupt and cant be trusted to act for the benefit of european citizens . 
  because this benefits companies at the cost of customers and nations on both sides of the atlantic . 
  you will get fucked just as hard . 
  but thanks for showing not just yourself , but also europe that tickle down economy doesnt work and is a retarded concept to begin with . 
  and those that were radicals before now have a much easier time to lure others that are just angry or feel overwhelmed into their ideology . 
  our entire society is based on the fact that we would rather let a criminal go free than to punish an innocent . 
  if you give this up , democracy and human rights go out of the window . 
   yeah , but so is everything else we do . 
  no it doesnt . 
  guantanamo was the proof that the west doesnt stick to its own values . 
  it was a proof of our own hypocrisy and the fact that the us only care about human rights whenever its convenient . 
  revenge against the west that preaches water and drinks wine . 
  being angry can lead to very abstract hatred you know . 
  doesnt take much to jump in the car of the first guy that tells you he and his friends fight this injustice . 
   there are loads of people who are obviously guilty but it 'd impossibe to prove that in a court of law i say that you are obviously a terrorist fighting against western core values and should get a death penalty right now . 
  its obviously impossible to prove , but why should that stop anybody ? 
  not just hungary , greece and other nations too . 
  there seems to be an objective way of figuring out whether or not a nation can take additional migrants . 
  if so let the courts figure out if we can take more ourselves . 
  money doesnt matter , we can easily afford the immigration . 
  but its not going to work . 
  we simply have too much migrants already and integration only works if the numbers are small . 
  right now these migrants have no reason to integrate , there are enough of them to build a parallel society and never really live in germany . 
  wait until your choice will be trump vs clinton , you will understand . 
  they 'd have to prove that they are from a country on the list , if not we take finger prints and send them away . 
  only if they plan on fighting a perpetual war . 
  the kurds probably have something more stable in mind . 
  working with russia could lead to splitting up syria , which would mean a permanent kurd territory and some sort of agreement with assads bath party . 
  not the worst deal if it works out . 
  courts decided that other nations cant take any more migrants because they are full . 
  they should be able to figure out if this is the case for germany . 
  so no , the constitution doesnst matter right now . 
  and it can be changed anyway . 
  nobody in their right mind can say that we can take an umlimited number of migrants . 
  also : he wants merkel to take steps to reduce migration . 
  this can be done easily and without any legal implications . 
  seehofer is a demagogue and a moron , pretty sad that he of all people makes the right decisions right now . 
  appeasement . 
  mind you i think its important to maintain some sort of relationship with russia , because its the only way to influence them short of marching on moscow . 
  but blind appeasement wont help anybody . 
  you cant really do much on your own except vote . 
  if you are a passenger on the titanic , just take the damn boat and stop arguing with the captain . 
  because its naive and inconsequential . 
  but dont worry , the current circlejerk is pro refugees again , underdogs and whatnot . 
  so he wont be downvoted as much as he should be . 
   there are deep rooted problems causing the insecurities of the current situation the most significant problem with the current situation is merkel herself . 
  she sat on her ass for years and let the migrants in turkey and jordan rot . 
  she had a chance to prepare for this . 
  she had a chance to turn this into something positive for germany . 
  but she did nothing . 
  one of the causes for the fights in refugee centers is that they are overcrowded , that the asylum processing takes months , that we are still working on asylum aplication from 2013 ( ! ) . 
  these are things that could have been fixed long ago . 
  but merkel didnt give a fuck . 
  the public didnt care for refugees until a few months ago , and neither did she . 
  because she is a populist . 
  this could have been a chance for germany , do it right from the beginning and it could have been beneficial . 
  but it ended up being a refugee crisis rather than a chance because of merkels lazyness , incompetence and populist bullshit . 
  the point is that there is a limit . 
  a practical limit we have already left behind . 
  nobody gives a shit that the law knows no limit . 
  we will limit migration if it gets out of hand . 
  she said otherwise . 
  so , what do you think ; was she merely naive and incompetent , or was she lying ? 
  and which option would be worse ? 
  she did say that germany wont turn away syrians . 
  now here is the thing : all syrians that might have fled before will now come to germany . 
  before they might have spread out . 
  but since merkel personally confirmed that we will take an unlimited amounts of syrians , they will obviously all come to germany and only to germany . 
  so yes , she did invite them . 
  maybe not into europe , but into germany . 
  the religion is only a minor cause for the complaints of ee . 
  there are plenty of other complaints . 
  also : merkel doesnt really give a shit about refugees .
