  why ? 
  there are quite a few western citizen living in the middle east while being christians . 
  makes sense , they love guilt tripping and idendity politics and would obviously support it when evil brown people try their best to prove that they are not guilty . 
  its like racism from the other side : `` sure you are a terrorist , but we know you are trying to be a better person , you go girl ! '', 
  and thats why so many politicians suck . 
  because people expect them to be the next comming of jesus . 
  the more you expect from a politicians , the more different jobs they need to do , the worse they will be at any of them and the worse they will be at their core work . 
  you elect a pm to lead their cabinet , set up laws and organise getting them through the parliament . 
  she is not your pr director . 
  because people force them too . 
  its still not their job and its still a waste of time . 
  what you describe isnt the job of a pm . 
  it would be a complete waste of time for her to do that . 
  especially because its not her job anyway . 
  the whole point of having a royal family around is to have them do feel good visits like this . 
  a royal family keeps the country together by having a neutral authority that stands above elections and campaigns . 
  may 's job is different and she should not be expected to visit people like that . 
  she is expected to set up laws to prevent incidents like this , not make people feel good by wasting her time . 
  us cars are cheaper than european ones . 
  they do , like virtually every other car manufacturer . 
  they just didnt get caught yet and will probably never get caught now . 
  get us citizenship . 
  yup , and afaik , he more or less stumbled into the reunification anyway . 
  he probably wasnt terrible , but he does not deserve the hype he will get . 
  guess people just want to look up to somebody . 
  no its not , its you pushing your bullshit on the back of a dead guy . 
  ditib might be the largest by size , but it represents solely turkish muslims . 
  they just happen to be the by far largest group of muslims in germany . 
  these days , its erdogans propaganda tool in germany . 
  ditib imams and associates are suspected of spying on kurds and other supposed enemies of erdogan . 
  thats not what happened here . 
  one of the largest muslim community organization in germany participates . 
  ditib , the turkish community organization refuses based on the grounds that participating implies an automatic guilt for all muslims they have to get rid of by demonstrating . 
  honestly ; ditib is a massive pile of shit and erdogan propaganda and this is probably bad pr , but the argument isnt entirely unreasonable . 
  they can agree with the idea of a class conflict , but disagree that the solution is violence . 
  its not like that 'd be the worst ideological conflict in history or anything . 
  go ahead and try . 
  i guess you could argue that the / r/pyongyang is fairly close to being a satire sub about nationalsocialism as an ideology though . 
  north korea tries it bests to implement it , right down the the zealously worshipped great leader . 
  they should be able to agree with the eus structure , laws and decision making progress though . 
  at the very least they should accept it . 
  yet somehow they dont . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/fullcommunism/  / r/fullcommunism is a light-hearted , ` self-aware ' socialist satire subreddit . 
  we gather here to post the freshest communist memes and to engage with a tight-knit community of the radical left on reddit . 
  leave the eu and join the eea then . 
  there , you can be as much of a nation as you want . 
  if thats not good enough for you , leave and negotiate a simple free trade agreement on your own terms . 
  paying for an anti eu ad campaign with as insightful of an argument as `` stop the eu '' ( from doing what , actually ? ), 
  is anti eu sentiment . 
  the polish goverment represents the polish people . 
  if they want another goverment , they will have the chance to elect one . 
  as long as they elect a goverment that pathologically campaigns against the eu , its quite obvious that the polish people dont care much about the eu after all . 
  because their actions during the ~ ~ polls ~ ~ elections speak louder than pointless words . 
  how can you be christian without turning the other cheek ? 
  every single follower of every single ideology of whatever type cherrypicks which rules and obligations they follow , and which they ignore . 
   head right into any of the marxist subreddits here on this very site , full of people either denying , or even outright justifying them . 
  virtually every political reddit sub that explicitly associates with a certain political agenda is shit . 
  reddit is build to support echo chambers and it takes conscious effort to mitigate and prevent that , at least to some degree . 
  typically , only subs that define themselves over something non political manage to do that . 
  in the real world , most people are aware of the crimes of communist and wannabe communist regimes . 
  germany in particular had to deal with murders by gdr border guards at our very own border and is not actually blind to these things . 
  you are building a strawman here , guess you have something in common with your marxist enemies after all . 
  what is a positive way ? 
  magically make all the undesireables vanish ? 
  we tried that a while back , people still whined about it for decades . 
  theoretically , perhaps . 
  but we arent taking a million refugees per year so the point is still moot . 
  in fact we havent even taken a million in the rush year of 2015 . 
  but hey go ahead and keep justifying outright lies and propaganda . 
  i find it funny that eastern european countries that ignore eu decisions because they 'd be inconvenient for them , get triggered if germany does its own thing and acts against eu consensus because its convenient for us . 
  turns out that cherrypicking solidarity sucks if you are on the wrong side huh ? 
  you bail out of the refugee distribution , we bail out of the sanctions , bailouts for everybody . 
  what ? 
  you dont like it ? 
  thats too bad . 
  maybe we should stop this whole cherrypicking thing then ? 
  confirming their pre established believes is more important than actually improving things . 
  a trait these people ironically share with the jihadists . 
   you 'll have this hope up until you 're on your deathbed 50 years from now , a minority in your own country . 
  this isnt even mathematically possible . 
  history diagrees . 
  nobody said the whole thing would be fast or convenient . 
  but it will work , to a certain degree at least , if done properly . 
   seriously , if you disagree with my comment , please name any advantage which this immigration scheme brought . 
  none , really . 
  but there were refugees in greece already that had to be dealt with . 
  nobody in europe tried to do anything about it so a small problem escalated and required a hotfix solution . 
  it sucks that it was necessary and we absolutely should close the borders to prevent it from happening again . 
  but there is no reliable way to make these people just vanish so we have to deal with them . 
  turning them into semi productive members of society is better than paying them welfare for the rest of their lives . 
  even if we dont get them all . 
  which violates the human rights convention and is therefore void . 
  this essentially deprives citizen of their rights because they belong to a certain religion , this isnt going to survive echr examination . 
   we do n't want to leave the eu . 
  our governments do n't want to leave the eu . 
  the constant tension between the eu and them is a good way to keep their popularity up . 
  it would be much better for everyone to try and solve this issue at the source instead of trying to make the symptoms go away . 
  the question is : do you and does your goverment realize that going all in on anti eu propaganda means that you tell everybody else that you want to leave the eu ? 
  your goverment doesnt care about solutions , about arguments or discussions . 
  your goverment disagrees with the refugee distribution position and uses it as an excuse to just shittalk the eu .
