  its not like he stopped before killing the woman and thought `` well they can lock me up for 15 years at most , thats not so bad , ima kill this bitch real quick . '', 
  criminals always assume they wont get caught , that they are too smart for the police . 
  our legal system isnt about punishment , its about resocialization . 
  you dont know the psychological evaluation either . 
   ahah watch the german defending germany 's right to bribe and corrupt it 's way . 
  as i said , its the same for foreign companies bribing german officials . 
  the official is responsible . 
  well the company certainly isnt faultless , but for me the guilty party of corruption is always the one taking money . 
  the company does what its supposed to do , sell their products . 
  the politician refuses to do what he/she is supposed to do : act in the best interest of greece . 
  and yes i would also say that if a greek company would bribe a german politician . 
  you take a bribe : you are responsible for it . 
  no exceptions . 
  what are they going to do with those tanks ? 
  march on istanbul ? 
  why not ? 
  maybe she can provide some information . 
  even if not , you can literally use her as an example of how pathetic isis is . 
  isis isnt magically competent , just let her get back to italy , guard her properly , charge her with whatever you can and then send her around telling everybody how ridiculous isis is and how stupid it is to join them . 
  this could actually do some good . 
  eh i dont think thats the case . 
  merkel wanted the popularity boost from speaking up in favor of migrants . 
  it worked , her popularity spiked for months . 
  unfortunately merkel is really terrible at planning ahead and you know , working to make her idiot populism work . 
  so everything went to hell and merkels generally slow paced style of politics means that her popularity drops faster than the greek stock exchange . 
   talk about hypocrisy ... its pretty hilarious if you think about it . 
  by now its quite obvious that merkel and her goverment will at first condemn certain policies as unacceptable , but then use the very same policies a few months later . 
  its some sort of masochistic political damage control . 
  a desperate attempt to hold onto the naive hordes her `` invitation '' attracted for as long as possible . 
  but it ultimately just shows how pathetic she and her entire staff is . 
  how little she cares about basically anything and how stupid her supporters are for supporting spineless idiots like this . 
  sounds realistic . 
  it seems quite unlikely that nations as small as the baltics would ever be able to defend themselves even with nato support . 
  they would probably be overrun before nato reinforcements could even reach them if the russians absolutely wanted to take the territory . 
  most of eastern europe is probably in a similar position . 
  so the only real deterrent is escalation and nukes . 
  and ultimately , the current sanctions against russia are just that . 
  they take parts of the ukraine , we screw their entire economy . 
  sure the sanctions mostly work because the saudis are crushing the oil market . 
  but they ultimately do work . 
  this would make it impossible to get it done before obama goes though . 
  the un already works with the camps in turkey , they could use this to distribute refugees to un members based on a simply population size * gpd key . 
  but then again we allow countries like saudi arabia to refuse taking any refugees because `` they dont fit their culture '' while we have to feel guilty for only taking 1,5 million of them . 
   no , legally you 're an asylum seeker until you 're granted refugee status . 
  which is dumb . 
  allowing refugees to pick their destination is stupid and inefficient . 
  which isnt really a surprise as the entire un refuge charta is stupid , inefficient and it will simply not work if its ever put up to a serious test . 
  so what happened to publishing ttip and having it in public for one year before putting it up for a vote ? 
  that was one of the core arguments of the ttip defenders against he `` paranoia '' of the critics . 
  vw has working electric cars right now . 
  they could push the technology if they wanted to . 
  tesla isnt actually that much ahead as far as technology goes . 
  they are just applying what they have much faster . 
  right , lets take the easy solution and just enforce compulsory birth control on 7 billion people . 
  why didnt we think of this earlier . 
  i dont care about worldnews , i 've heard a lot of shit about it but never felt like going there . 
  nobody here has attempted to justify this crime or blaming politicians for it . 
  eh i havent seen anybody defending the people that started the fire . 
  they are criminals and probably racist and should be thrown into jail . 
  but their crime doesnt make tillichs crap any better . 
  dont worry , npd politicians talk like that all the time . 
   just devaluation without the right structural reforms in place is n't going to save greece it would be up to the greek to put those reforms in place . 
  and its not like keeping the euro will do any good . 
  greece will be permanently poor if they keep the euro . 
  there will be no way out , even with structural reforms . 
  leaving the ez would at least offer a perspective . 
  staying just means perpetual misery . 
  the afd is almost as much of a taboo as the outright neonazi npd . 
  i personally give merkel a lot of shit for her various idiotic policies , but i wouldnt vote for npd/afd no matter what . 
  those parties are completely useless anyway . 
  even if you look beyond their racist shit , they are simply populists . 
  so dont bother connecting the general mood in germany to the poll results of these joke parties . 
  well its fairly obvious that those people that cheered are right wing , if not outright neonazis themselves . 
  but how does that justify tillich in dehumanizing them again ? 
  if those people tried to prevent the firefighters from doing their job , throw them in jail . 
  again , if an afd politician would have used the very same words tillich used against anybody , he would get shit on by everybody . 
  this kind of double standard is what polarizes germany . 
   i feel it does not matter as much why someone said something , but what they said . 
  interesting . 
  so if you evaluate the actions , and not the motivations . 
  why insult people for cheering ? 
  surely we cant determine why they cheered ? 
  oh wait we can actually do that . 
  just like we can make an educated guess why a politician that is sometimes accused of overlooking right wing violence would go hard on some drunkard and dehumanize them . 
   saying that they are not human is pretty drastic and not something that should be said , though it is easy to feel that way . 
  yeah , when a neo nazi says refugees arent human he goes to jail . 
  if a minister says that a few drunkards arent human because they cheered a fire , he gets applaus . 
  the guy doesnt give a damn about this burning . 
  he just uses an easy opportunity to improve his reputation . 
  and as it turns out he is to stupid to do even this much . 
  pretty weird how harsh tillich condems these people . 
  i mean its not exactly civilised to cheer a burning building , but its just a building . 
  its not like anybody got hurt or anything . 
  guess tillich really needs to emphasize that he is totaly not right wing or something . 
  saxony has a bad reputation after all . 
  and if we are realistic , that is perfectly fine for greeks current creditors . 
  its a shame that we cant just talk about this openly . 
  but a grexit is the better long term solution for both sides . 
  turkey being an eu member would make the refugee crisis much , much worse . 
  it would mean that those people wouldnt even need smugglers to get into the eu .
