  we cant have that communist crap . 
  somebody build a temple for sch\u00e4ubles black zero , cause he 's gon na preach it for another 4-8 years , no matter what happens in the world . 
  sheesh cut him some slack , he 's got a couple of bad years ahead . 
  if the eu doesnt give one of those to france in exchange for scrapping the dual parliament , i 'm going to be very frustrated . 
  eu agencies dont grow on trees , this is a golden opportunity to end this dual parliament insanity . 
  we can still give the other agency to a ee country or whatever , but france must get one . 
  the point is that he is relatively moderate for living in iran . 
  you cant change the society you were born in , but he certainly seems pragmatic and actually intrested in improving his own country . 
  at the end of the day rouhani will most likely do some good for his country and maybe even improve it for the next generation . 
  would you say the same about trump or erdogan ? 
  do you think they are working for the benefit of their society ? 
  well a lot of equipment is compatible due to nato standards and the point of this seems to be training together so , its not that bad . 
  ironically enough , while the us and turkey are ruled by corrupt degenerates doing their best ruin their own countries . 
  a theocratic shithole like iran ( re ) elects a moderate reformer that might actually be a reasonable person to talk to . 
  so there is hope , for some people at least . 
  who falls for anything ? 
  why do we have to care for the backround of erdogans most recent idiocy ? 
  turkey wants to alienate even its nominal allies to cement the sultans power ? 
  fine by me . 
  lets see how it works out for them . 
  yeah i forgot the push factor that magically pushes 90 % of all refugees to germany and sweden . 
  we should build some wind turbines in the path of this magical push factor , it sure as hell blows reliably one way . 
  was probably the same magical push factor that made refugees in camps say merkel invited them to germany . 
  thats one hell of a push . 
  but it was the solution , the permanent one . 
  what we needed was a simple message : you dont get a good life in germany/sweden if you make it to europe . 
  that was what we got . 
  hundreds of thousands of refugees rotting in greece is good for europe , hell we should have just paid greece enough to make this worth it for them too . 
  eliminating the pull factor is the only way to get controll over the migration problem . 
  merkel not only refused to accept that , she actively worked to increase the pull with her `` invitation '' and refusal to close the borders . 
  closing the borders . 
  in the end the balcan countries just closed them on their own , while she critisized them for it . 
  which was strange , because once the polls turned around ( against refugees ) it saved her carreer . 
  she prevented an eu solution for the refugee crisis and crtitisized the balcan countries when they closed their borders , despite the fact that this saved her hide when the refugee stream stopped . 
  she is a textbook hyprocrite and populist and her lazyness delays solutions for several major problems and costs germany billions every year . 
  she is lying , she is a populist herself and is just talking shit to deflect responsibility and generally hide the fact that she will do fuck all . 
  unless the polls show something promising , of course . 
  that is a perfect merkel . 
  sounds hopeful and optimistic , yet is completely empty . 
  the perfect way of making people feel good , without actually having to do anything . 
  she is so gon na get reelected ahahaha . 
  forward defense . 
  it worked against those * terrorists * in dc , surely its gon na work now ? 
  its probably the only efficient way of creating a `` eu army '' , so this should be fine . 
  that means our tech is there already , but domestic investors arent interested in it . 
  nobody ever * wanted * to storm a fortress , it was an absolutely insane way of waging war and was only ever done as a last resort . 
  you 'd just set up camp and siege that thing . 
  their food would only last for so long . 
  the guy is a professional troll . 
  think of him as the subs pet american . 
  we keep one around because it makes all of those bad news look not so bad anymore . 
  pretty sure he got sprayed when we took him in though . 
  wouldnt want any more of those . 
  because ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads work just fine during winter . 
  and yes those would be used in case of a large scale invasion from russia . 
  that was the original reason why anybody got them anyway . 
  then you charge the tourists more . 
  why though ? 
  putin is not a nationalist madman . 
  he is a cleptocrat that uses nationalist madmen for his own purposes . 
  what does he have to gain from an all out war against the eu that could end up in nuclear fire ? 
  whats the gain that justifies the risk ? 
  this is the like the ukraine , there was next to no risk , other than losing some money , but something objective to gain ; preventing the ukraine from joining the nato or eu . 
  why would putin risk a nuclear war and how does he make money with that ? 
  oh please , it wouldnt involve somebody * who gets caught * bombing airliners . 
  like anybody gives a shit what they 'd do as long as its not in the news and they keep the brown people out of europe . 
  no , right now , tomorrow morning if need be . 
  russia will not invade the eu , even if the nato just vanishes over night . 
  at most there 'd be small adventures like in the ukraine , those are handeled easily enough . 
  anything larger and we burn moscov of the maps . 
  no its not . 
  the 12 digit/100b tab is kinda of a fantasy , but if you think the uk will get any sort of deal that involves paying less than 10b of its outstanding commitments , you 're going to have a serious revelation in the near future . 
  but its not that simple : whether you like it or not , poland cant just refuse to take refugees and be done with it . 
  yes merkels policies were terrible and dangerous . 
  but at some point you have to shut up and take your share of the burden as an eu member . 
  it is not in polands interest to set a precedent for an eu member state unilaterally refusing to support an eu decision . 
  thats a dangerous game and poland flat out cant afford it to open up this possibility for other eu members . 
  at the end of the day the eu is a democracy . 
  if it makes a decision that a majority supports , everybody should accept it . 
  democracy isnt always fun . 
  do you really think the uk can walk out of the eu with a 11 digit tab and everything will be peachy ? 
  i dont think so . 
  at some point the uk will want good relations with the eu . 
  it will be similar to switzerland , they also tried to bluff and somehow save their banking sector , but in the end they bend over because a single country surrounded by eu nations has a terrible negotiation position . 
  if the uk bails out without paying the tab , the same is going to happen to them sooner or later . 
  no immediate bill . 
  the uk will certainly pay for it sooner or later if they try it . 
  they just price it somewhere in the middle . 
  this is just basic marketing and no problem at all for any company with more than 10 employees . 
  sure , but thats not the problem . 
  they cant set up an election under the pretense that the party leadership hands over the decision to its members/voters , then make the decision for themselves anyway . 
  the issue is the pretense , not the decision making process itself . 
  i dont think us citizen care nearly as much about other countries though . 
  i 'd dare to say that only a tiny fraction of us citizen could name 10 eu member countries on an unlabeled map . 
  the question is : why should we give a damn ? 
  it doesnt matter that the only * realistic * alternative to erdogan is something worse . 
  thats domestic crap you guys have to deal with . 
  the only thing that matters is whether or not turkey is a worth keeping around . 
  but nobody talked about germany ?!, 
  its not like having turkey in the nato is the peak of hypocrisy in the west .
