  not many ` muricans would agree that working witht he us is just as problematic as working with a medieval slave kingdom or a defacto dictator . 
  the only thing the us care about is stability . 
  thats why they deal with monsters like the saudis . 
  the us have very little to gain from destabilizing europe . 
  if anything they would probably prefer europe gets their shit together and does something against russia . 
  splitting europe up over trivial issues does nothing for the us . 
  damn this guy is a moron . 
  hungary must be pretty fucked if this kind of people can be chief of staff for the prime minister . 
  i am pretty sure they are going to stay . 
  they dont have much to gain by leaving aside from pride . 
  and pride is imo too intangible of an advantage . 
  especially considering the potential disadvantages . 
  that can only happen without the uk though . 
  its not just wood . 
  its very hard to build `` natural '' biotopes artificially . 
  basically : we can build forrest to some degree , but we cant build something like this forrest . 
  the fact that this forrests ecosystem works and has worked for hundreds of years does in fact make it special . 
  that is because we have learned a few things over time . 
  just because previous generations did something , its not automatically a good idea . 
  you can chose to learn from the past and preserve something that is fairly unique in europe nowadays . 
  or you can destroy it for a whopping 700 million z\u0142otys . 
  i mean thats like 160 million euro , even for poland , thats change at best . 
   when you are not the person on the trigger that will leave million of old people without money , hospitals without drugs and your country destablized . 
  well if you are the person that promised to end austerity , you should have more than hopes and dreams if your absurd fantasy fails . 
  something like a plan b of how to organize a grexit to minimize the damage . 
  i mean if tsipras seriously thought that the ez will just give him everything he wants , he is an even bigger moron than i thought . 
  if he wanted to play hardball he needed leverage . 
  if he didnt have leverage , why did he even try to get elected in the first place ? 
  he must have known that his entire plan was doomed to fail if he didnt have the balls to lead his nation out of the euro . 
  if anything he needed to be willing to do so just to have any leverage whatsoever in negotiations . 
  germany boomed because we froze salaries for 10 years , increasing efficiency as well as pushing through some really nasty reforms under schroeder . 
  germany was in a pretty bad spot in the 90 's . 
  but we took the bitter pill that france , greece and others still refuse . 
  why ? 
  this looks like its before taxes . 
  2,5 k is an entry level salary for a lot of mercantile and technical jobs after an apprenticeship . 
  ( in germany ), 
  well to be fair : you did elect a goverment to stop austerity and you told them in a referendum to stop austerity just to make sure they get the message . 
  so that was alright . 
  the problem starts when said goverment didnt care , turned around 180 degrees and somehow was allowed to stay in power anyway . 
  the fact that they would probably get ( more ) money shoved up their asses wont hurt either . 
  if it involves as much alcohol as `` best drinking day '' implies . 
  he doesnt love it , he endures it . 
  true , apathy and slowly increasing social problems and an increasingly polarized society are a more likely result . 
  what matters are actions and their results . 
  religion is always interpreted and subject to opinions anyway . 
  if a society of religious people decides to start wars , oppress others or commit acts of terrorism , its completely irrelevant whether they do so because its explicitly written in their holy text , or if they just interpret a certain part of their holy text in this way . 
  in theory , probably . 
  but creating a very earthly kingdom for the lords glory isnt exactly unheard of , even if it was just used to justify personal ambition . 
  i mean it doesnt happen as much yet . 
  i guess they are just warming up to the idea . 
   how different is that from a white supremacist saying authority should be in the hands of white people ? 
  too bad this law is targeted at religious leaders and would not deny visa to white supremacist hate preachers . 
  again , i am not against fighting the medieval bullshit the saudis spread . 
  but this law has a lot of problems . 
  hell the integration minister acknowledges some of these problems according to the article . 
  or you just apply the law to everybody and deny visa to all radicals , regardless of religion and political correctness of the decision . 
   yea well there 's not a lot of danish jews that have traveled to israel to join a jewish orthodox radical group to kill muslims . 
  but people are supposed to be equal before the law . 
  if a muslim preacher is denied visa for his anti democratic views , but an orthodox rabbi with the same views gets a visa , it is in fact discrimination . 
  this is why people are against this , because it opens up this kind of discrimination . 
  well technically speaking , its an easy to abuse tool to deny visa to random people you dont like . 
  one could even argue its racist/anti muslim because it will most likely be applied mostly to muslims . 
  i mean i cant see them deny visa to highly orthodox jews with anti democratic views . 
  i personally dont care about these things , but its not hard to see what can go wrong with such a law . 
  whats your point though ? 
  because even if you are right , that still means people from these nations will have a lower iq . 
  i mean iq isnt the best measurement and it can be trained , but that doesnt really change the point / u/kc _ bofors is making doesnt it ? 
  india and china will both be much bigger players than the eu . 
  if everything else fails , they will be more influential because of a centralized goverment and larger population . 
  but chances are both countries will slowly tackle their social and economic problems . 
  at least enough to remain stable and keep growing . 
  chances are some of the larger third world countries will eventually be bigger international players than the eu . 
  the eu is simply not united enough to actually pull its weight internationally . 
  lets see : problems with food safety standards , from pesticides to gmo . 
  i dont even care if you care about gmo , but people should know if a product contains gmo ressources . 
  this could also lead to getting rid of the cautionary principle used in the eu through the backdoor . 
  regulatory cooperation is a thin veiled excuse for giving companies influence over political decisions and regulatory processes . 
  the mutual recognition of norms and standards will ultimately end up undermining them on both sides . 
  if these norms and standards were equal or even comparable to begin with , we wouldnt really need ttip . 
  basically : it opens up a ton of potential problems , for very little gain . 
  in fact , i have yet to see a single example of actual gain for citizens , not companies . 
  and dont try this tickle down shit . 
  its nothing but a meme at this point . 
  its a good deal for companies on both sides . 
  not so much for customers . 
  i mean debt relief for a grexit would be mutually beneficial . 
  greece gets off the hook and the ez gets out of the limitless reliability for greece . 
  either way : the current situation isnt sustainable for both sides . 
  throwing good money after bad doesnt help any tax payers either . 
  debt relief is hard to sell . 
  ironically , a deal along the lines of grexit for debt relief is hard to sell in greece . 
  at least for now . 
  chances are thats what we 'll get in the end . 
  yup . 
  that will be a sad day for germany . 
  but it will be glorious on reddit . 
  most people watch it `` ironically '' and think its a terrible show . 
  or at least thats what they want everybody to believe . 
   my view is that the german government has seen the very close disaster for the german welfare system from their aging population and looked for a possible method to boost their working-age population .
