  nobody spends a billion on a glorified field hospital . 
  those ships are designed and build for large scale military landing operations . 
  they are sometimes used for other purposes like disaster relief , but they are obviously not bought for this . 
  these ships are only useful for nations that plan on bombing others into freedom and democracy . 
  there arent much nations that need them . 
  thats why germany was occupied after ww2 and we still have a lot of us soldiers sitting around to this day . 
  varoufakis would have done it . 
  and i got the impression that he wouldnt give a damn about people hating him for it . 
  yup , a grexit is still very much on the table . 
  the kind of reforms greece needs can not be forced onto them from the outside . 
  nobody trust the greek , chances are they will just elect a more radical party next time and all reforms will be gone again . 
  greece has to leave the ez and rebuild on their own . 
  i am not sure what their actual reasons are , but it certainly helps if the imf pays for a quarter of the bailout . 
  well right now the success of their kurd party was one of the big factors in ruining akps election results . 
  its quite simple . 
  - erdogan has the ypg/syrian kurds bombed . 
  - this will enrage the turkish kurds and potentially drive some of them to extremist actions . 
  - this will give erdogan the precedent he needs to act against moderate turkish kurds , including the party that just ruined his parties election result . 
  - the kurd party probably wont make it into the parliament next time , the akp will gain from this as the article says , he starts a war with people he wanted to make peace with less than a year ago to fix elections . 
  he is basically insane . 
  what i understood was that the turkish military bombed positions of kurds/ypg fighting isis . 
  so yes , those people are the ones that fight against one of our enemies and are supported by germany and most likely other nato nations as well . 
  its pretty sad the the kurds are basically killed/left to die despite the fact that the us and europe consider them effective allies against isis . 
  at the end of the day these people could be allies and once we work with them we could help them to root out the extremists in their ranks . 
  but we leave them to die because they are worth less than a well placed us airbase . 
  the commision isnt accountable to a whole lot of people right now . 
  the competences could be moved to eu parliament work groups with the final decision being made by the parliament . 
  too bad thats not how it works . 
  if your friends and relatives are on fb , chances are you wont be able to talk your entire social circle into leaving fb . 
  thats the issue with social networks , the very concept of a social network is based on a monopoly . 
  would you argue the same if all telecommunication and internet in your country would be run by one company and they would be in this position ? 
  just dont use it eh ? 
  facebook is important for some peoples communication , even for their carreers . 
  not everybody can simply ignore it . 
  thats what you get for building a monopoly . 
  they are kind of small though . 
  spain is very important for the ez overall because they are such a large economy . 
  if spain recovers the ez will be a lot less shaky . 
  this is awesome . 
  who arrested them ? 
  turkey will never get into the eu under erdogan . 
  he doesnt even pretend to be interested in joining anymore either . 
  russia didnt invade the ukraine , technically speaking . 
  that makes it even better for the eu . 
  eulas dont do shit . 
  if its not legal , you cant make it legal by having the eula say so . 
  so what ? 
  greece will most likely give up these islands unless they can get the us to scold turkey . 
  i dont see the greek go to war over this . 
  well you have aircraft carriers being build for once . 
  these things tend to cost a lot . 
  the us care about these things whenever they are politically convenient . 
  since turkey is important for the us , they can do whatever they want . 
  even if this means erdogan going full putin and building his own little state to push around . 
  social networks and search engines do not offer a level 'd playing field . 
  the first one that gets big has an absurd advantage over any potential competitors . 
  this advantage is much , much bigger than in most other industries because of how these busineses work . 
  thats dumb . 
  that would just open the door for any monopolist to argue that their product isnt strictly necessary . 
  monopolies are a problem on their own , regardless of what issues they cause for others . 
  sounds good , but i am not sold on it yet . 
  this would be a drastic change and i dont see why facebook would simply accept it . 
  they will most likely force people to go to court every time . 
  well its generally not very polite to annex territory of other nations or start a proxy war on their soil if you try to get along with them . 
  it really didnt have anything to do with europe . 
  afaik people reported it and i guess the mods agreed . 
  as i said , religious nations are a problem . 
  the bible says a couple of not so nice things as well . 
  but we dont use it word for word and have civil laws . 
  the islam is not problematic . 
  random people practising their religion without hurting others are irrelevant . 
  extremist and religious nations are the problem . 
  right now its mostly russia that makes this difficult . 
  doesnt change much . 
  both events are organised by those guys : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maccabi_world_union also , they do refer to israel in their charta . 
   belief in jewish heritage and the jewish nation , and to work actively for the rebuilding of our own country, 
  nice try . 
  i actually read the wikipedia entry on it before posting anything . 
  how about you get yourself educated please ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maccabiah_games  maccabiah is open to jewish athletes as well as israeli athletes regardless of religion, 
  isnt it sort of awkward to hold a competition like that based on religion ? 
  and why is it even held at different places if its meant to be for jewish and israeli athletes ? 
  sounds more like a local tournament . 
  at the end of the day , this is an offer . 
  an offer greece can and maybe should decline . 
  if they accept the offer , they do because they know they 'd get fucked even harder if they would be on their own . 
  you can blame all you want , greece has a way out of this whenever they want . 
  and its quite obvious that a lot of northeastern ez nations would be willing to make it worth for greece . 
  it doesnt really matter what they think or try to achieve with it . 
  thats for the politicians to decide . 
  the police just enforces laws . 
  and in this case , it makes sense to select a known drug user for a drug test . 
  he probably resigns mostly because of the hypocrisy . 
  at least that seems to be the implication of the `` ethics crusader '' part . 
  too much effort . 
  wait until the us do it . 
  the crisis is over , greece got their bailout and syriza is still in power . 
  why should podemos not try to do the very same thing ? 
  yup , thats going to be an issue . 
  a post default greece would have to rebuild on their own .
