  they are your citizen . 
  if they are found guilty of terrorism you lock em up and throw the key away . 
  just like you 'd do with any other criminal or terrorist . 
  so you do not see the difference between : - born in country with citizenship ( having done * nothing * to earn it ) : allowed to keep it no matter what and - migrated and worked to get citizenship : but can be stripped of it ? 
  if you dont want to deal with these people : dont give them citizenship to begin with . 
  because you had 16 years to work with him ? 
  people arent born as terrorists . 
  they arent even born as muslims . 
  mind you i am all for not taking refugees and whatnot . 
  but if you * do * grant foreigners citizenship they become your problem . 
  if you dont want to deal with this : dont give them citizenship in the first place . 
  thats a perfectly fine option an immigrated citizen is just as much of a citizen as everybody else . 
  there is no 2nd rate citizenship . 
  a suspicion shouldnt be enough to do anything meaningful . 
  if a suspect is judged in court and found guilty ? 
  sure . 
  based on a suspicion alone ? 
  no fucking way . 
  considering how the 4 most popular examples used ( fish sticks , chicken nuggets , sprite and nutella ) are all unhealthy shit products you shouldnt consume in relevant amounts , that wouldnt be hard . 
  then again i dont buy any of those , not even the `` better '' german version . 
  loyalty to a brand is moronic anyway . 
  buy products that are good , not labels . 
  if a product is bad , just dont buy it . 
   if every store in your vicinity sells nutella `` eastern europe edition '' your only recourse is to stop buying nutella altogether and lead nutellaless existence . 
  you speak like you are entiteled to a certain product no matter what . 
  you are not . 
  you have a simple decision to make : is this product as you see it in the store worth buying ? 
  this entire discussion is pointless . 
   you assume that the average consumer in eastern europe knows how the nutella `` western europe edition '' tastes like , which he does n't . 
  so whats the problem ? 
  they know how their nutella tastes . 
  they obviously consider it good enough to buy ? 
  there is no deception in this case . 
  what exactly do these people lose by the fact that there is a product with the same name in another country that tastes differently ? 
  mind you i know there are obvious examples like the less fish in fish sticks one . 
  but your example just shows how pointless and arrogant this entire discussion is . 
  this is based on asking the students . 
  it doesnt mean that they dont drink , it means they dont want to admit it . 
  * when greek is still in trouble after debt relief . 
  pretty sure even people that argue for debt relief wont pretend it will fix any of greece problems . 
  most notably : populism , no fiscal discipline , tax dodging being a popular sport , low productivity , etc, 
  thats not relevant . 
  sure it would be nice if putin gets deposed . 
  but its perfectly fine if long term sanctions help destabilizing the russian economy . 
  if resocialization isnt an option , punishment is better than nothing . 
  also , while the sanctions might be a drop in the bucket , the `` counter '' sanctions they caused are actually useful for us . 
   yes and russia still has a lot of reserves . 
  their reserves are shrinking though . 
  in fact , we should probably focus on melting these reserves . 
  once they are gone , putin will be in deep shit . 
  i am pretty sure that if the us want a regime change in a country and think they can get it done by rigging election , they would do it . 
  the us had no problem to install us friendly regimes in other countries in the past . 
  i dont see any reason why they would be afraid to use a certain tool to do this when they 've done much worse in the past . 
  in fact , the clusterfuck of the iraq war would be a very good reason to find new ways to force a regime change . 
  why exactly would election manipulation be unthinkable ? 
  intelligence agencies have by their very definition no morals , just objectives . 
  i am fairly certain that the us services have as little qualms about using questionable methods as the russian , chinese , iranian , saudi or israeli ones . 
  but they have much better ressources and can probably get much more things done . 
  and the us wouldnt dare to ever use any of the data they gather , right ? 
  because at these times less nations participated in global trade . 
  today most developed and developing nations participate , and nobody can afford to cut off trade without suffering themselves . 
  that means any potential problems would likely be caused by non state actors . 
  but since every state also has an interest in trade , there would always be locals that have very selfish reasons to protect trade routes . 
  simply put : no nation that can afford a navy that would be able to actually blockade trade routes has an interest in doing so . 
  care to give examples for the use of large numbers of warships or general use of aircraft carriers outside of the iraq/afghanistan war ? 
  ( which cost so much money and were so useless that even the us dont want to do it again ) when exactly did the us use their navy in a way that no other nation could have to achieve a meaningful objective in the last 30 years ? 
  last time we had to protect sea trading routes a couple of frigates worked out just fine . 
  its not like any society that could afford a decent navy has an interest in disrupting global trade . 
  so the people that do try to disrupt trade are usually pirates . 
  not really . 
  if anything the us and sovjiets were holding the world hostage with nukes and europe was everybodies favourite battlefield already . 
  north korea is that way . 
  the us have a hardcore geopolitics fetish . 
  there is a reason they are the only nation that tries to have a navy of this size . 
  because just about everybody else agrees its not worth it . 
  but that wont change . 
  lets say this goes through and companies will be forced to label different versions of the same product differently . 
  you 'd get a pepsi polska that is the same low quality as it is now . 
  germany would have krautpepsi , france would have baguettepepsi . 
  the argument that they are labeled the same would be gone , and you would still drink the same shit . 
  politics cant force companies to sell certain products in certain areas . 
  if the customers are sheeps , they will be fed grass . 
  complaining like this wont do anything . 
  you dont like a certain product ? 
  * dont buy it . 
  * vote with your wallet . 
  they sure as hell dont give a shit about what you say . 
  i mean you cant seriously pretend like there are no decent quality products sold in all of eastern europe . 
  but go ahead and do tell me if thats the case . 
  cause i 'm gon na invest into a food factory in ee then . 
  `` cant deport people that lived here for so long '' . 
  also the reason that we wont deport any relevant number of refugees a few years down the road . 
  ever seen a vw ad in the us that said '' ( the shitty version of ) german engineering '' ? 
  mind you i get why people think that this is a problem . 
  but i dont see any legally enforcable solution . 
  in fact i have asked in multiple threads about ideas and nobody had even the most basic idea how this could be regulated . 
  every rational person would just not buy a bad car and get something better . 
  cars sold in the us are the most part build to lower quality standards . 
  i dont see us citizen complain that they dont get real german cars . 
  a country isnt pro federalization if it exclusively suppports the part of federalization that it benefits from while blocking everything else .
