  if thats your only argument , it only shows how ridiculous this situation is . 
  the buyer doesnt have to do anything . 
  the street is for the most part decades old . 
  so what should happen is that only the pavement is paid in full , the older parts are paid in part , based on age . 
  that 'd be 5 bucks per head . 
  the problem is that the time gone by has reduced the value of 90 % of the construction work to basically 0 . 
  all thats added is some pavement . 
  why should these people pay for anything but the pavement ? 
  this law only makes sense for recent construction , because the people living there benefit from a new street . 
  this street isnt new and this law needs to get fixed . 
  they should pool their money and take this to the next higher court . 
  i can see this law getting taken apart sooner or later . 
  there have been studies that actually did prove that its beneficial to have at least a certain percentage of female employees in a company . 
  this isnt made up bullshit , its just a little over the top here . 
  but how does the law work then ? 
  does it target mosques specifically ? 
  does it target certain countries that arent allowed to fund things anymore ? 
  i mean i want a law like this for germany or the entire eu . 
  but it should be bulletproof . 
  does austria also limit funding for christian churches , say from the vatican ? 
  that would be an interesting topic . 
  if you outlaw the koran , you will see hell of a lot more ismalic terrorism in europe . 
  a war of religions is what isis wants . 
  the west can not erase islam . 
   the reality is education is not panacea . 
  ah yes , war against islam is a much better solution . 
  inviting people , waiting for them to become a hated minority , then killing them all and repeathing this is * very * inefficient . 
  if we were to exterminate a certain culture , we would absolutely find a faster way to do so . 
  raiding one mosque is different from cutting of foreign funding for all mosques on principle . 
  the raid is a bandaid to fix an open wound . 
  it would be much better if we dont allow our `` friends '' to shot us in the foot to begin with . 
  its mostly empty bullshit with a little bit of self delusion from merkel as she fails to reflect on her own mistakes . 
  its mostly meant to make people feel better . 
   how long would they get to enjoy their power if we went after them vigorously ? 
  a year at most ? 
  the us have killed a lot of terrorist leaders , al quaeda was basically destroyed . 
  it didnt help , not at all . 
  the middle east breeds this kind of organisations . 
  sure you can destroy them if you do it right , but chances are its only going to take a few years until random terrorist groups produce another organisation like this . 
  isis also isnt the source of the terrorism we face right now . 
  several attacks were done by people that had personal reasons and simply pledged their attacks to isis cause . 
  they would have pledged their loyalty to any random terrorist org that makes the news . 
  isis didnt mastermind these attacks , they just use them for their propaganda . 
  ultimately , i think we only have 2 options . 
  either we basically remove the reasons that cause these terrorist organisations to become this much of a threat . 
  which would mean stabilizing the entire mena region and taking out the terror financiers like saudi arabia . 
  or we just mind our own business , try to secure our borders to the best of our ability and go about our lifes . 
  and lets be realistic , option 1 is impossible . 
  they dont care to win . 
  the leader of organizations like isis dont give a shit about muslims . 
  they care about themselves . 
  and if this turns into a war of religions , they will gain power . 
  thats what they actually want : every muslims that hates the west is a potential follower for these people . 
  it doesnt matter if they believe their own lies or are just in it for the power . 
  at the end of the day they will profit from such a war ( or at least assume they will get away with it ) , even if their followers dont . 
   the current situation could be far far worse . 
  granted once the decision was made to intervene , we should have put more effort into planning and executing until the job was done . 
  we left prematurely while we were making good progress - that is the lesson we should take from this . 
  considering how moody the us and europe are these days , what makes you think that we will ever be able to commit the ressources to rebuild a nation like iraq properly ? 
  you 'd need decades of constant economic and military support . 
  have you followed western politics recently ? 
  its a mess . 
  what you propose isnt possible , not anymore . 
   sooner or later there will be a war against islam . 
  if you want to give the terrorist what they want , sure . 
  because that is what they want : a way to draw all muslims into their cause . 
  you can talk shit all day long , right now the majority of muslims does not actively support terrorists . 
  if you get this fancy war against islam , they will . 
   the cult that just attempted the coup , proof is out there just not in western media sources . 
  thats something quite a few turks in here say these days . 
  of course , nobody ever actually shows even the slightest bit f proof . 
  but then again , i dont have to live in the shithole of a country turkey is going to become . 
  and quite a few educated turks will leave as well . 
  though i do have the feeling that a lot of erdogan supporters dont actually live down there either . 
  even they dont really want to live under erdogan . 
  idiocy is one thing , leaving what should be the second largest market for us entertainment products just because you feel like it would be far beyond idiocy . 
  it would also not very good for their profits . 
  havent heard anything about that . 
  though i dont use public pools myself . 
  most people think the migrants are going to be bad for us , but few are really angry about it . 
  the polls show merkel will get reelected , to nobodies surprise , really . 
   i think that there is no need for discussion for protecting people in need . 
  it should be done without expecting any benefit . 
  no , it shouldnt . 
  and in fact , thats not how its done 99 % of the time . 
  we have no problem letting people get tortured and killed and letting millions starve if it just happens far enough away from us . 
  and while its not nice , thats just how the world works . 
  we do try to improve things , but we are not * responsible * for the fate of every human being on earth . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  the problem is that the refugee situation was never handeled pragmatically . 
  it was always dominated by extreme opinions . 
  merkel wanted to take everybody , a lot of rightwing politicians could barely avoid calling for border guards shoting them down . 
  what we need is a more pragmatic approach . 
  because we owe these people absolutely nothing , but we should still try to help in a way that helps them , helps us and that is both sustainable and doesnt create false incentives . 
  session cookies are first party cookies and perfectly fine . 
  i mean ffs , its even in the quote above if you dont care to read the article . 
  they voted for this guy , chances are they think he will make turkey great again . 
  then again , what are the baltics going to do ? 
  if you cant defend yourself and are completely reliant on outside help to maintain your own sovereignity , you cant be picky . 
  an ally that might help you and doesnt ask for much is better than nothing .
