  so rip . 
   the sad truth to eu member states is when it comes to china , everyone is weak . 
  which is one of the reasons i want the eu to mvoe forward , towards more cooperation and integration . 
  the eu has a larger population than the us . 
  if we would be able to work out a way to cooperate a little better , we could actually get shit done in situations like that . 
   the ultra orthodox are not like other jews . 
  religious fanatics are the same everywhere . 
  doesnt matter which book they read . 
  they are all deluded and their antics should not be tolerated out of a false sense of political correctness . 
  i translated it from `` volksverhetzung '' , which is focused on race and ethnicy based insults . 
  its not just about violence , its hatespeech against ethnic groups . 
  leo 's alternative translation is `` incitement of the people '' which sounds uhh , weird . 
  this is what i used : http://www.leo.org/, 
  taxes might go up a little bit . 
  but chances are ist mostly going to be paid for with new debt . 
  we can borrow money for free right now and its much easier to sell new debts than higher taxes . 
  its not like we will go broke over this . 
  this year will probably cost 15b at most . 
  i mean yes that sucks but lol , germany can borrow money basically for free . 
  once people realise what all of this will end up costing us , merkel will be long gone . 
  he build himself an image of honesty though . 
  the whole `` i dont take donations , i pay for this myself '' attitude makes people think he is an honest , hardworking billionaire that needs nobody else . 
  also : most politicians are too afraid to speak their mind these days . 
  hell merkel is the complete opposite of trump as far as style goes . 
  but she is just as much of a populist and demagogue in the end . 
  merkel only has to face an election in 2017 , and i would bet money that she will be elected again . 
  hell there is a chance she will stay in office for a very long time . 
  the article i linked directly quotes the federal police . 
  several other german news sites quoted this as well . 
  just for reference , these `` attacks '' are not 500 violent brawls , burning buildings and stuff like that . 
  the official statistics also considers `` propaganda '' and demonstrations an attack . 
  basically , if a bunch of deluded kids spray `` ausl\u00e4nder raus '' ( foreigners out ) on a building intended for migrants , its an attack . 
  i know hatemongering shouldnt be allowed , but 500 attacks sounds hell of a lot worse than it is . 
  the combination of saying 500 attacks and only showing pictures of burning buildings is manipulative . 
  just like a lot of this debate is based on manipulative crap . 
  you cant even get 2 countries on the balkan to cooperate . 
  ads or some sort of `` dont come here , we wont give you money '' pr campaign would be a much less controversial project to cooperate on . 
  we will not get any eu based solution for this crisis , politicians everywhere are way to incompetent for that . 
  he has actually become quite moderate in his criticism , which is why he is allowed to travel again . 
  every migrant that doesnt remain in the first safe country they enter is out for the money . 
  i dont blame them for trying , but that doesnt change the fact that those people left a safe country to walk across europe purely for money . 
  i have no pity for them . 
  which is really their own problem . 
  they exploit the right of asylum , they get fucked . 
  its not like their host countries arent going to be screwed much harder for hosting them . 
  yeah , there should honestly be eu based adds in the newspapers across all nations south of the mediterranean . 
  hell australia did this too , the media campaign worked out well for them . 
  the un is by its very definition in impotent mess that can only ever agree to something if its so irrelevant that none of the security council members would bother to veto it . 
  it had its purpose in the past , but nowadays the political part of the un is a joke . 
   but if no eu country is allowed to give deals , then these companies wo n't get any deal which will stop this `` race to the bottom '' between eu nations about who can promise the shittiest deals . 
  no it wont . 
  the issue with these deals was that they were for 1 company only . 
  nations are free to set their taxes so low that its even better than those deals , but they have to do this for all companies . 
  eu isnt ez , i dont think poland wants to leave the eu anytime soon . 
  thats useless . 
  you have to deny asylum on principle for illegals if you want to do this right . 
  basicall : tell everybody that tries to get asylum in germany that they have to register in turkey to do so . 
  not really . 
  the issue with losing greece was never about losing the greek market/economy . 
  it was about possibly starting a snowball effect that will collapse spain or italy . 
  nobody gives a damn if a small or medium nation leaves or joins , the impact compared to the rest of the ez economy will be minimal . 
   you live in your xenophobic echo chamber and refuse to believe that it 's not an accurate representation of reality . 
  basically : its not as much of a problem for large cities because they are , well large . 
  smaller cities struggle to make ends meet . 
  so at the end of the day , lets move more migrants from small to large cities . 
  they can obviously deal with them . 
  its a good first step , but also a joke . 
  even without special deals , they pay next to no taxes . 
  its good to get rid of these absurd deals , but it cant stop here . 
  tax heavens need to be forced to increase their taxes to a level thats sustainable for the eu as a whole . 
  tell me with a straight face that those `` refugees '' didnt pass a single safe country on their way to germany . 
  they fled to * europe * for safety , they went to * germany * for money . 
  its understandable that they try this , its in their own best interest . 
  but its also in our best interest to prevent as you say `` benefit shopping '' . 
  because all negative effects of migration are long term effects . 
  once we notice what went wrong , merkel wont be accountable for it anymore . 
  meanwhile we can feel smug about being so much better human beings than all of those fence building racist nazis on the balkan . 
  thats also assuming everybody of the residents is willing to defend their values . 
  hint : they wont . 
  that 'd be `` racist '' . 
  it doesnt matter , half of the population doesnt like how things are handeled right now . 
  but there is still a significant majority that supports merkel . 
  opposing merkels politics isnt worth shit if you arent willing to vote her out of office . 
   this is absurd because the main reason they run in europe is to flee war . 
  the main reason they are in germany is money . 
  the money here is better than the money in syria , iraq , somalia or eritrea . 
  so once they are here , have a job and speak german well enough to essentially get citizenship for free , why should they leave ? 
  demanding a higher language proficency would be racist . 
  / s and refugees can work the moment they get a residency permit in germany . 
  corporations have to give eu citizens priority though . 
  after 15 months refugees can apply just like everybody else . 
  a shrinking population will collapse our pension system , for once . 
  you know maybe , just maybe , the us military offered them a bad deal ? 
  i mean whatever they wanted will just be stolen if its worth stealing , but maybe the deal was just bad enough that the warm and fuzzy feeling they get from telling the us to fuck off was worth it . 
   why not ask : `` what is the difference between the europeans now and the europeans who commited genocide in ww2 ? 
  they are all from europe '' that we learned and stopped killing eachother for fun and moved forward . 
  i dont see the us stopping their drone war . 
   ... no , because , as i said , you ca n't have those protest be moderate . 
  ahh yes , its impossible to be against limitless migration and merkels failure as chancellor as a moderate . 
  thats certainly a good argument to denounce people with different opinions than your own .
