  a democracy wont work if politicians are too far removed from any oversight . 
  thats the point here : privacy should only be compromised if its absolutely necessary for our society to work . 
  just like right now your privacy can already be compromised if you commit a crime and the police gets enough evidence to get a search warrant . 
  this is necessary for our society and typically justifies the violation of an essential right like privacy . 
  knowing if you neighbour stole a car 15 years ago is not a critical information that justifies violating essential rights . 
  imagine your neighbour kicks in your door and searches your house . 
  i mean they surely have the right to know if you are a criminal and must be allowed to search your house to check , right ? 
  nobody cared about saving greece . 
  it was mostly about delaying a greek default until the rest of europe could survive it better and without a chain reaction . 
  i personally dont mind this course of action , but it should have been communicated with less hypocrisy . 
  if the ez nations would have said from the start that they will sustain greece for say 5 years and after that greece would either fix their issues themselves or leave the ez , there would be much less bad blood . 
  in a situation like this the greek would have been able to make an informed decision about their own future and pick their priorities . 
  they dont devaluate the currency , they devaluate the work of the greek workers . 
  greek industry isnt productive enough to sustain its wages . 
  this can be fixed by raising productivity or cutting wages . 
  the latter was done and it didnt work out so well . 
  the german way isnt exactly great either . 
  france should figure out something on their own . 
   the right to be forgotten is completely incompatible with a democratic country . 
  oh quite the contrary . 
  privacy is an important pillar of a democracy . 
  and the right to be forgotten is a tool to increase privacy . 
  its very important that people get a chance to develop and leave past mistakes behind as they used to . 
  an endless record of every citizens life is a major threat to peoples self determination and freedom . 
  a good democracy watches the state and the people in its offices closely while giving individuals as much privacy as possible . 
  actually , you can . 
  turkey is considered a safe country now , if you can get them to confess that they came through turkey you can deport them there . 
  offering some money for them to `` go back to turkey ( read : germany ) '' in exchange for not applying for asylum in your country should be an option . 
  germany has laws that allow us to deny asylum to any migrant coming from safe countries . 
  a quick look at the map will tell you that you cant enter germany without passing through a safe country 3 . 
  you can just deny them asylum and not give a fuck . 
  chances are the migrants will go to germany rather than the echr , problem solved . 
   which is also something most americans dont agree with anyway . 
  : / if dmca takedowns based on us laws are binding for plattforms in europe , the right to be forgotten should be binding for plattforms in the us . 
   it 's just a place for refugees to stay while waiting for the process of becoming approved asylants ( ? ), 
  is finished . 
  we are still processing asylum applications from 2013 and living space is getting more expensive and harder to get . 
  you have absolutely no idea how long these people will stay there and politicians will lie to the locals about these things to get them to play along . 
  its perfectly understandable that people dont want to deal with this . 
  rioting is obviously not particulary useful , but maybe we should ask why people would riot and where this anger comes from . 
  you will never be able to integrate 2500 migrants in a town of 5000 . 
  doesnt matter if you think its great , this will end up as a getto . 
  and yes even 1500 in a town of 27000 will probably be very hard to handle . 
  that would be around 5 or so percent . 
  just for reference : germany has taken about 1,2 % of the overall population as migrants and things are already not working . 
  to be honest : there is no way that his juice could get into the girl without him trying . 
  even if he didnt rape her , he should probably be impeached for abusing her . 
  the saudis are responsible for the low prices . 
  they dont suffer from this , they benefit fro it ( or try to ) . 
  this might be true , but sometimes people dont realize what kind of crap they support until you remind them of the end of the way they are taking . 
  the un is already completely toothless . 
  the political part has honestly lost its purpose after the cold war . 
  some parts are still useful , but the unsc isnt . 
  why is it wrong ? 
  afaik the `` referendum '' was held after russian soldiers arrived . 
  that alone would take away any credibility . 
  russias problem is more of a cultural one at this point . 
  doesnt matter who writes the label if the content is all too familiar . 
   and contrary to popular believe germany is not a dictatorship . 
  it 's a bit hard to make laws if you do n't even have the full support of your own party . 
  merkel has the support of her party because all other options fucked up over the years . 
  she went straight against the party line with a lot of her politics , but its tolerated because the cdu prefers power over principles . 
   willingness to integrate also reflects how welcome one feels . 
  if so , it would be a great idea to take in only a limited amount of migrants that wont cause any social problems right ? 
  well too bad we had to take a million and store them in emergency shelters because taking any less would have been racist . 
  the parents decide whom their children are allowed to socialize with for a very long time . 
  by the time the kids are old enough to make this decision themselves , their parents decisions have already shaped them . 
   integration is of secondary importance . 
  no its not . 
  the parents attitude towards integration will shape the life of their children . 
  if the parents only send their children to play with other children of the same ethnicy . 
  the children will grow up to be like their parents , not the society they live in . 
   but since the germany constitution forces the government to let everyone in who is persecuted ... not really . 
  we dont have to take anybody that enters germany from a safe country . 
  all of our direct neighbours are considered safe . 
  it was a purely political decision not to deny them asylum based on this . 
   an exception are ethnic turks , no one really knows why . 
  its quite obvious why ethnic turks arent properly integrated . 
  because there are millions of them . 
  integration is forced adaption to local customs in order to participate in society . 
  if you have a large , turkish society , turks have no natural motivation to integrate . 
  no assimilation is going to happen . 
  merkel probably knows it . 
  she just talks big to impress her idiot party . 
  assimilation also means only taking in a ** limited ** amount of migrants . 
  nobody assimilates for fun . 
  people assimilate if they have to . 
  a million migrants doesnt have to do shit . 
  they will always have fellow migrants and most likely fellow syrians or w/e around . 
  there will be no assimilation . 
  merkel is just talking hot air to calm down her raging party . 
  its also all bullshit . 
  talk is cheap , she hasnt done anything significant to support her anti multiculturalism stance so far . 
  in fact , she has sabotaged it already . 
  germany isnt able to integrate a million migrants . 
  hell it will take years to process their asylum claims and get the basics sorted out . 
  if basic things like this are hard , assimilation is a far away dream . 
  its gotten pretty normal that party leader at conventions like this get basically endless applaus . 
  its in line with the sometimes absurd party leadership elections where getting 80 % is a bad sign . 
  democracy has learned a few things from the good , old communist regimes .
