  if its this easy to make russia angry enough to invade a country , no wonder ee wants to join the nato asap . 
  stop the warmongering shit for a decade and we can talk again . 
   our logic is simple , most of the new nato members do n't benefit themselves from joining , since their membership just converts them into a living shield for older members . 
  the experiences of the ukraine say otherwise . 
  if you want people to take you seriously and trust you , dont randomly claim parts of sovereign nations for yourself . 
  the us ( which basically call the shots in the nato ) dont care about human rights . 
  turkey is still in the nato for the same reason that saudi arabia is still an `` ally '' . 
  the us value geopolitics and power projection over everything else . 
  she has a mental block about everything . 
  she is unable to be proactive , to think ahead , to plan . 
  she can only cater to whatever politics the majority like because she thinks that if everybody wants it , she wont have to take responsibility for her actions . 
  she is completely unfit for anykind of goverment job that has to make decisions on a regular basis . 
  merkel is the only `` old '' politician i know that is afraid to do her own job . 
  so not that is not normal , even in germany . 
  i dont know what you are reading into this . 
  but the post i quoted explicitly talked about muslims attacking christian in a christian nation . 
  that sounded so onesided and religion focused that asking for a reverse situation is perfectly reasonable . 
  but i guess everybody you dont agree with is a `` condescending asshole '' . 
  yeah , appareantly it sells fine in europe , but the us market doesnt like it . 
  the infrastructure for refueling the urea seems to be worse in the us , so customers are cautious of buying this . 
   selective catalytic reduction in the form of urea injection into the exhaust afaik , that technology is impossible to sell in the us because of its limited range and whatnot . 
  it was cited as one of the reasons why vw went for the cheat . 
  yeah the yellow lightning in east berlin looks much better . 
  energy saving or not , the flourescent white lighting feels so terrible and sterile . 
  and if the christian migrants attack the muslim ones ? 
  do we kick them out too ? 
  its a lie , this doesnt happen in germany . 
  there are brawls here and there once in a while , but thats mostly on the level of hooligans and very rare . 
  assad will eventually step down , even if whoever runs over isis talks to him . 
  but assad seems to have more controll/power than the secular rebells . 
  so it makes sense to talk to him . 
  once the general shooting is done , assad will probably get a chance to step down while more moderate elements of his goverment will lead syria . 
  its kind of shady and not a very good deal all around , but you can thank your goverment for that . 
  the failure to stabilise the iraq is the reason why nobody is interested in any military adventures anymore . 
  so now we let the russians do their thing . 
  because nationalism in europe is actually bad . 
  most european nations are politically irrelevant , but europe is too close to the mena region and the much larger russia to be a politically irrelevant us colony . 
  unlike the much larger and geographically isolated us , europe will have to work together to secure our way of life . 
  nationalism tends to get in the way of that . 
  also there is ww2 , though i personally dont give a shit about that . 
  headlines dont make themselves . 
  as a matter of fact : you can set up headlines and external communications properly . 
  this isnt rocket science . 
  being terrible at communicating critical information and unable to get the right information to the right audience is incompetence . 
  its not just about what she says , its also about how she says it and what she doesnt say . 
  a few weeks ago it was all about welcoming refugees , not a word about borders , security or cost . 
  hell she and her lapdogs critisized other eu members for closing their borders . 
  now , all of a sudden after the crisis got out of hand because she was sitting on her ass for years , merkel starts talking about securing borders . 
  thats just ridicolous . 
  europe agreed on distributing 120k , which is a pathetically low number . 
  and even this tiny agreement required to rely on a majority vote over the customary agreement between all eu members . 
  unless they want to do this every few weeks , this is useless . 
  what we needed was a plan to actually reduce the migration , not a treatment for the symptoms that ended up weak and had to be pushed through with an iron first . 
  the way the 120k distribution was handeled also made the eastern eu members feel run over . 
  this will make any future decisions harder . 
  no , but the saudis arent know to support secular rebels that fight for a democracy . 
  so if they complain , the russians probably hit the right targets . 
   beyond shooting these people , what course of action is there to take to stop them ? 
  well before it became politically incorrect , camps and gas chambers did a pretty good job . 
  sounds like you were about to propose that next huh ? 
  if it was based on actual beliefs and practised religion , germany would be 99 % atheist/agnostics . 
  i see a western bias , but not so much an us one . 
  the nobel prices were mostly handed out in the 20th century . 
  europe was a smoking ruin for several decades of the 20th century and at war for about another decade . 
  and if you look at the numbers : the us have 3,5 times as much prices as germany . 
  afaik the us have like 4 times the population of germany . 
  the uk also has a decent number of prices for its size . 
  france number is a bit low , but not terribly so . 
  the main point of bias is that only western nations have any relevant number of prices . 
  but the numbers between the western nations look fine . 
  use your brain for a minute and tell me there is no practical limit to the right of asylum . 
  you have to be seriously brainwashed to think that we cant limit migration . 
  well on the plus side , the eastern european nations cant possibly refuse quotas if they are asked by a peace nobel price winner . 
  so we 're going to get a whole lot of butthurt from all sides . 
  merkel said asylum knows no limits . 
  which is evidently wrong . 
  asylum has practical limits and nobody gives a shit about the fact that there is no theoretical limit . 
  so there was no misunderstanding , merkel lied . 
  and not only did she lie , she also didnt do anything to make it work . 
  she had 3 years to prepare for this , she did absolutely nothing . 
  she only invited people because it was popular a few weeks ago . 
  straight up mindless populism without any regard for the consequences or any intent to actually work on migitating them . 
  germany is also the only nation that encourages the refugees to play hunger games in the mediterranean . 
  the losers die !, 
  the winners get asylum !, 
  truly worth a nobel price . 
  merkel really just supports migration because it was popular a few weeks ago . 
  she will back down once public opinion changes , but as usual it will take a lot of time because she has to be sure that the public is in favor of her new position before she announces it . 
  meanwhile her lapdogs speak up against immigration with her blessing so the goverment doesnt look completely retarded . 
  merkels party is very much against immigration . 
  but merkel has cut down anybody that could oppose her and her party completely depends on her . 
  so her party has to decide between sticking to their principles or sticking to the power . 
  an obvious decision for a politician . 
  so you own a very expensive apartment , but you dont use it at all , not even rent it out to others for money ? 
  that is absolutely not what any normal person would do . 
  all other parties outside of the outright neonazi/far right npd are basically even more pro immigration than merkels party . 
  its just merkel single handedly forcing her party to like immigrants . 
  on the plus side for israel : this will give them an excuse for building more settlements and maybe scrapping the peace process entirely . 
  no , it means something is wrong with the perception of your country . 
  something might be wrong with your country , but jews migrating is hardly a conclusive proof .
