   and regardless of safe country status , every single asylum application is handled individually . 
  except , you know , when we gave away asylum to people that filled out a form for a couple of months because case by case handling was too hard . 
   this sub ... wow . 
  compare today to what it was like a couple of years ago . 
  pretty sure that has more to do with the sub being geodefault now . 
  this award became a joke after obama got it . 
  nobody gives a damn anymore . 
  dude , you would run too if they insist that you try kaiserschmarn , this stuff cant be halal . 
  that would make sense though . 
  so we can be certain merkel will get it . 
  this speech is alright , but lets see what he does . 
  everybody has opinions and knows what to do . 
  but as president , he actually has the position to get things done . 
  so lets see if he can live up to the expectations he set with this . 
  the uk wont leave the eu and you know it . 
  the fear of losing the few advantages the eu has for you is bigger than the minimal advantages a brexit has for you . 
  it doesnt even matter if people vote for rational or emotional reasons , the uk will stay . 
   this is not your decision to make . 
  if an adult wants to smoke , he should be able to smoke . 
  oh thats of course true . 
  but he shouldnt be allowed to exhale his shit into other peoples faces . 
  smoking isnt just something private that doesnt do anything to others . 
  if you smoke at a bus stop , or basically anywhere in public you screw others . 
  i dont mind if people smoke at home , windows closed . 
  i really dont care how other people kill themselves . 
  i personally prefer steak though . 
  i do mind if i am forced to inhale tobaco because i need to get a bus , go to the city or open the window to vent my living room . 
  so while i dont mind smoking on principle , its virtually impossible not to annoy others and `` ruin '' their health for smokers . 
  not sure how strict italy is on enforcing these things , but this sounds good . 
  smoking needs to go , permanently . 
   why , you are saying you are sure it was his choice to marry ? 
  it was his choice to have sex with a ~ 12-13 year old girl as a ~ 21-22 year old guy . 
  in my book , thats enough to justify charging him with rape and child abuse . 
  dude they dont panic because there is a nuclear reactor . 
  they panic because there is a nuclear reactor that might have defect shielding . 
  still , it should be possible to judge him for raping the girl now that he is in ~ ~ sweden ~ ~ norway . 
  hell this might be one of the few benefits of allowing these people in . 
  sort out the scum . 
  we 'll talk about that after your next elections bro . 
  i wouldnt be so sure . 
  to be honest : another nye like event and merkel will be forced to do really nasty things . 
  it doesnt even matter what happens , but if something happens that is ultimately blamed on migrants , things will boil over eventually . 
  remember : merkel is ultimately a populist . 
  she is very slow to react , but if public opinion shifts further to the right she will be forced to act eventually . 
  and afghanistan needs western money . 
  stop the money for a month or two and they will do as ordered . 
   so , who is representing germany ? 
  its elected goverment . 
  not that this will make anybody feel better , but thats how it works . 
  and it was a majority that supported the migrants around august/september last year . 
  which is why merkels polls exploded and people talked about her getting the nobel peace price . 
   no need for good relations with afghanistan . 
  nothing bad is going to happen . 
  we all know that taliban wo n't leave the country to commit terrorist acts . 
  that makes sense . 
  we must uncritically support every shithole country because they will instantly open a terrorist camp if we dont . 
  why didnt we think of that earlier . 
  better send some development aid to saudi arabia right now . 
  but you cant deny anybody alg2/harz4 , our courts have made that clear . 
  they must be talking about arbeitslosengeld . 
  i mean we basically pay migrants harz4 , denying it to eu citizens would be awkward to say the least . 
  yeah the article explicitly talks about a `` contribution based system '' which is arbeitslosengeld . 
  bonus irony : nahles is a member of the social democrat spd . 
  i seem to remember that she is a bit to the left within her own party too . 
  also ; the `` benefits '' they talk about seem to be * arbeitslosengeld * which you actually pay for if you pay taxes in germany . 
  eu citizens will still get * harz4 * which is minimal subsistence that is cross financed . 
  but its hilarious that she wants to deny them benefits that they probably contribute to . 
  welcome to german politics friends ahahahahahah . 
  we tried that once and the next family meeting in europe got really awkward . 
  everybody was kind of paranoid and then this polish guy stole a radio or something and all went to hell . 
   what 's the point of a military in this age of mobile warfare that ca n't deploy outside its borders ? 
  it 's useless . 
  the point of the military of a democracy is doing whatever the nation needs . 
  military -  geopolitics is not an automatism . 
  its a possibility . 
  in fact its a possibility that most nations dont use . 
  i mean germany currently maintains troops in about 10 or so nations in europe and africa , mostly for peacekeeping and training of local forces . 
  thats a perfectly fine approach to foreign politics and it doesnt require maintaining an invasion force that costs hundreds of billions a year . 
   your statement might be a bit too simplified . 
  about as simplified as the implication that a military isnt a military if it cant deploy worldwide . 
  the nato evidently lacks the ability to plan and execute long term intervenitions . 
  not because we dont have the budget to send soldiers , but because we cant figure out what to do with them . 
  that has nothing to do with bugets though . 
  200b would we more than enough to stomp russia to shit if the political will would exist to do so . 
  the problem is this lack of will and the inefficient use of the budget , rather than the size of the budget . 
  hell i wouldnt mind building a few german army bases in the baltics . 
  i mean we send troops to africa so we might as well use them at home . 
   a worthless budget because no european nation can deploy overseas effectively . 
  europe doesnt * want * to deploy overseas for the most part . 
  we have 200b worth of troops and equipment to defend ourself . 
  nobody nearby even comes close to that , not even russia . 
  the us cant fight an extended war in europe either . 
  again europe as a whole has a 200b + military budget . 
  even if you think we somehow are less efficient with our budget than the us , thats still hell of a lot more than the total us budget allocated to their european forces . 
  the us needs a crazy budget because they have a hardon for geopolitics . 
  most people in europe just want europe to be safe , not random countries 10.000 kilometers away . 
   germany , the next largest , contributes 14.6 b , france 10.6 b , and the uk 9.8 b. 
  that really doesnt matter . 
  unlike the us , most of the total military budget of europe is invested nearby . 
  its not just the nato budget that protects europe , its the 200-300 billion per year that europe spends in total .
