  thats why they get called nazis : because they actually accept them into their ranks . 
  also : pegida are ultimately just populists . 
  populism got us into this mess , it sure as hell wont fix it . 
  you seem to be unaware of how companies like vw work . 
  let me enlighten you : the contractors that build parts for vw are basically slaves . 
  they have invested a lot of money to mass produce parts with minimal margins . 
  they can not afford to lose these contracts . 
  the contractors are terminally dependant on the industry groups they work for . 
  everybody can make basic parts and the industry knows it . 
  if vw goes to shit , so do their contractors in v4 . 
  if the contractors go to shit , 50 others will beg vw for a contract . 
  it doesnt even have anything to do with countries , german contractors are just as dependant on the big industry groups . 
   it 's easy . 
  when you are desperate to leave you arent desperate to leave if you go back to this place for idiot reasons like this . 
  these people are just morons . 
  they probably paid a lot of money to get to europe , how stupid do you have to be to do this without knowing what you will get for it ? 
  this is pure idiocy , both from a humanitarian and from an investment standpoint . 
  and it would probably be the sole positive aspect of merkels idiot policies . 
  the uk wanted out for a long time , now they might finally have the spine to do it . 
   i am perfectly willing to share the `` refugee '' risks and costs with germany and all other eu countries , as long as the solution is not to let in millions of illegal immigrants , but to build safe-zones , defend them and donate construction materials and equipment so they can rebuild their lives in their own country and culture . 
  you are perfectly fine to share the `` risks '' if everybody does what you want . 
  thats not how it works . 
  it doesnt even matter if you are right . 
  why is it unfair if a majority can `` dictate '' laws ? 
  its a majority after all . 
  yeah , that article doesnt seem like a useful source imo . 
  the article is ** 17 ** years old 2 . 
  the source for the over 500k statement is an estimate by a pro homeless ngo , which certainly has its own reason for overestimating it . 
  the article actually acknowledges that there is no reliable number 4 . 
  the article also acknowledges that some of those people will move in with relatives , that means they arent actually homeless , they merely have no own home . 
  its explicitly said that a part of those homeless are homeless beacause they do not ask for help . 
  there is obviously a reason for that , but they could still get help if they wanted to . 
  a lot of the reasons for women becoming homeless have improved in the 17 years sind this was written . 
  probably not fixed , but improved . 
  the article ultimately comes down to the fact that a lot of these homeless is homeless because of psychological issues , which is what i said above . 
  they simply dont ask for help for whatever reason . 
  and really , a 17 year old article doesnt mean anything . 
  get something from the last few years if you want to make a point . 
   eu countries are not sovereign . 
  it 's ridiculous to say that . 
  if your bullshit would be true , uk wouldnt be able to leave the eu . 
  eu members decided , very much on their own , to transfer some parts of their sovereignity to the eu . 
  they can take back this decision anytime they want . 
  greece could have told everybody to fuck off , default and rebuild on their own terms . 
  the uk can leave if they think their already generous deal isnt good enough . 
  the eu doesnt force anybody to stay . 
   am i supposed to believe the 500k native homeless are all so voluntarily ? 
  well , yes . 
  for once the link you posted is dead . 
  and what matters is that every german has the right to harz4 minimal subsistence welfare . 
  so if somebody is homeless they can get this . 
  harz4 can directly pay your rent , this helps people that take drugs and lose controll of their life . 
  they dont get the chance to spend their rent money in a fit of drugged stupidity . 
  hell if you look like shit and are unemployed some landlords will demand that they receive their rent directly from the jobcenter . 
  so yes , it is basically impossible to be homeless in germany . 
  if you are homeless , you simply refuse to ask for help . 
  i mean what else can a society even do if somebody refuses to accept help ? 
  but its true . 
  germany offers layers upon layers of welfare . 
  if you dont get any of those , its because you dont want to . 
  or you are addicted to drugs and refuse to take the help that you are offered to deal with that . 
  with that line of thought you 'd have to get rid of 200 euro and 100 euro notes too . 
  hell you might have to get rid of notes entirely and only use coins and cards . 
  that would be stupid . 
   isis propaganda brag to infiltrate terrorists among refugees since october thats the point though , this might as well be propaganda to make them appear more competent than they are . 
  mind you its obvious that they would try this , but that doesnt mean you have to take isis propaganda at face value just because it fits your worldview . 
  he was kicked out by his own friends , not sch\u00e4uble . 
  hell sch\u00e4uble would have probably supported vman in getting greece out of the euro . 
  but tsipras didnt want to and fired him over it . 
   at the very least , paying for $ 30 worth of goods with a $ 500 note would wipe out the contents of a lot of shop tills . 
  a lot of shops in germany simply wont take large notes for this very reason . 
  even a 100 euro note would be difficult to use outside of supermarkets . 
  nobody wants thousands of euro in cash lying around . 
   how difficult is it to understand that it is much easier for criminals to transport 1 million euro in 500 notes than in 100 notes ? 
  it really doesnt matter though . 
  unless somebody transports billions and it really becomes a problem of raw volume , it makes nearly no difference . 
  money is very compact anyway . 
   the joke is that any serious wagging of the finger might push them into russian arms . 
  oh lord , what a cruel joke all of this is . 
  i doubt that . 
  and even if , russia cant afford the ukraine anymore . 
  and russia doesnt want the ukraine either . 
  a west aligned ukraine crippled by incompetence and corruption is basically the optimal situation for russia . 
  it doesnt cost them nearly as much as buying the ukrainian goverment out , but still ensures they wont go anywhere and become a threat . 
  it doesnt matter if its a shitty building . 
  people live there . 
  hell it doesnt even matter if israel has the right to demolish this . 
  what matters is simple : is it really worth demolishing the homes of people for a reason as petty as getting a larger firing range ? 
  israel always talks big , always paints the palestinans as evil . 
  but for some reason , they do shit like this where they could simply take the moral high ground and say `` we have any right to do this and trash these people 's home . 
  but we dont , a firing range isnt that important . '', 
  petty shit like this is just ridiculously stupid , even from a pure pr standpoint . 
   who are you to decide what is and is n't enough ? 
  israel has an army which is responsible to make that decision , oh please , taking peoples homes just because your firing range is too small ? 
  do you want terrorists ? 
  because this is how you get terrorists . 
   you really think they would let anyone live in any property owned or used by obama ? 
  the us are notoriously paranoid about potus security , its probably justified , but still . 
  some european nations have much less security for their pms and heads of state . 
  so this is a really bad comparision , chances are the guy doesnt have obama level security anyway .
