  the one thing that cant be argued is that taking in these refugees will cost us several billions per year for several years before any significant number of them starts paying back anything . 
  the only reason our goverment gets away with it is that our economy is so strong right now that the cost for these refugees are barely noticeable . 
  they are still there , but we 're not so short on money that we have to worry about it so nobody cares . 
  well their core argument is correct : refugees cost money and add very little to our society . 
  we are just so filthy rich and our economy is so healthy right now that it doesnt matter as much . 
  at the end of the day , our surplus would be larger without the million people we let in . 
  after all the money they spend comes from the state . 
  it cant possibly be the fact that german salaries still lag behind productivity and companies are simply making a ton of money because this boosts our exports . 
  you know , economies can work despite the goverment as well . 
  the problem is that the burkini is really just an awkward fullbody swimsuit with a headscarf . 
  both of these things are obviously not forbidden to wear , which makes enforcing a burkini ban awkward . 
  i dont think this kind of burkini ban will last very long . 
  can he ? 
  realistically ? 
  i guess it might be possible now , but he works very hard on changing that . 
  after all , erdogan will make sure that all the evil g\u00fclenists he gets rid of are replaced with akp people loyal to him . 
  you 'll replace one evil conspiracy with another . 
  the problem i see is that erdogan is just as bad , if not worse . 
  everything i have seen people blame on g\u00fclen is either something erdogan supported while they were allies , or its something erdogan is also doing right now . 
  i fail to see the moral superiority of erdogans side that would justify supporting him against g\u00fclen . 
  at the end of the day both seem equally bad and it doesnt seem to matter who `` wins '' . 
  the whole point is to pick something outrageous to make fun of the eu parliaments graphic . 
  its its too realistic it ends up being a salty shitpost rather than a joke . 
  yeah about that , lets wait until after hilary gets elected . 
  why not ? 
  we 'd send the best , and chances are the best of europe would be those that won the medals anyway . 
  you 'd mostly lose duplicate medals like winning gold and silver in the same sport . 
  i mean the whole thing is mostly for fun , but the core argument is arguably correct . 
  but still , those athletes that won medals would most likely be the ones sent , after all they 'd be the best in the eu . 
  the 3k + that would be cut would be those that are worse than others that would be send . 
  sure it wouldnt be quite as much medals , but europe would most likely be at the top of the table anyway . 
   it 's looking at people 's faces in public . 
  i would n't get mad at policemen or security officers doing the same thing going through an airport security system . 
  to my understanding , a computer is just more efficient , and if anything , less invasive . 
  yeah thats the theory , but it doesnt work like this in practise . 
  a large part of `` natural '' privacy protection is the fact that the massive amount of information everybody naturally leaves behind isnt archived and conveniently searcheable . 
  i think there was an experiment once where a newspaper gathered publicly available information on facebook and other plattforms about a hand full of people and printed it , featured prominently . 
  people freaked the fuck out . 
  information being technically available and information being * conveniently * available , archived , searcheable and prepped for automatic processing is a huge difference . 
  it actually has nothing to do with brave new world outside of the whole `` suggar coated dystopia '' gimmick . 
  most of what politicians say or propose isnt meant to fix problems , its meant to make people feel better and show that the politicians are working . 
  effective policies are usually worked out by experts behind the scenes . 
  you cant ban religions . 
  not as long as you want to stick to human rights . 
  only until the health or savety of others is at risk . 
  for example : if an alcoholic comes out to their doctor and the person is a professional driver ( bus , truck , etc ) , the doctor can and should notify the proper authorities . 
  because its very likely that the persons addiction will put others at risk . 
  this is not a random tip , its a well founded statement from a medical professional . 
  taping into the phone of somebody that is psychologically unstable and likely to commit a terrorist attack is absolutely not spookier than mass surveilance . 
  its perfectly fine to put a specific person under the magnifier if there is reasonable evidence for a crime . 
  if the post above is correct and the therapist actually wrote a report that he expects the patient to commit a terrorist attack , well maybe the police should follow up on things like this . 
  medical confidentially only protects somebody for so long . 
  there should be a way of therapists to contact the police and the police should have an efficient procedure to follow up on such hints . 
  you did pick your german citizenship though . 
  nobody can force you to keep it , even if you get it automatically . 
  it really doesnt matter why or how you got it , having german citizenship and working for foreign intelligence agencies is , or at least should be , treason . 
  and yes its the same for us or other nato agencies . 
  if the informants and agents are evenly spread , that still means two thirds of them have a german id . 
  i am not familiar with the law in this case , but german citizen working for foreign intelligence agencies should really not be accepted or legal . 
  chances are many of these people are german or dual citizen . 
  in which case working for a foreign intelligence agency is sort of problematic , if not outright treason . 
   this is not okay and there is only one religion doing stuff like that which you are already well aware of . 
  not really , fanatics exist for every religion and everywhere . 
  for example : a while ago a few hindus in a village in india made up a story that a local muslim family had eaten a cow . 
  somebody spread this in their temple ( ? ), 
  and it ended up with a hindu mob killing the muslim family . 
  they actually hadnt eaten beef as far as i recall , but that didnt matter much after they were murdered i guess . 
  this shit isnt islam exclusive . 
  its just a little more widespread and gets much more attention in the west than hindu or budhist extremism that happens in asia . 
  yes they do . 
  but its much rarer as most christian countries arent as religious anymore . 
  and obviously , the equivalent of radial muslims blowing themselves up in europe would happen somewhere in asia in muslim or hindu dominated countries . 
  it really doesnt matter which religion somebody believes in . 
  if they are radical enough there will be terrorism in the name of their religion . 
  christian , hindus and buddhists are no exception . 
  it just happens much less and much further away from western media . 
  at this point i wouldnt even bet my own money on the fact that they will leave . 
  all i see is a few hundred politicians panicking and trying to figure out how to stay without losing their face and perhaps more importantly , their job . 
  they dont look for experts to figure out how to leave , they look for experts that can figure out how to stay . 
  or he does . 
  armed foreigners in the streets would be every afd officials wet dream . 
  just like terrorism in general is very useful for conservatives and populists . 
  i mean sure there is a chance it was a hate crime . 
  but really , its not certain yet . 
  its not pretending to say that this might not be a hate crime . 
  even members of marginalized minorities sometimes get murdered for pretty normal reasons . 
  it really doesnt matter if its illegal . 
  if a teenage girl wants to live in a way that her muslim family doesnt like and the family threatens to basically throw her out if she does , there is nothing the police can do . 
  there are plenty of social pressure points to force people to follow religious rules that are impossible to police . 
  honor killings are a thing here . 
  dont pretend like a girl can leave islam whenever she wants even if her family is against it . 
  a lot of families wont accept that as easily . 
  sure most wont go as far as killing , but social pressure can be quite nasty . 
   if you owe me 10 million euro and earns 2000 euro a month i do n't demand you to pay back everything and that you sell your computer and car . 
  exactly . 
  what happens in this case is that the debt if effectively written off the the customers credit ranking is going to be so bad they never get another loan . 
  so why dont we do that with greece ? 
  they will never be able to pay back any of the loan we gave them already , or any of the loan we will give them in the future . 
  the money is gone . 
  lets cut our loses .
