  most of these people would probably agree to concentration camps if the term wasnt spoiled by history . 
  it is not our problem anymore because its entirely out of our reach now . 
  there is absolutely nothing the eu can do to prevent erdogan from playing sultan . 
  turkey will get the bill for their idiocy soon enough . 
  unlike russia , they dont have oil or massive natural ressources in general . 
  russia itself is already burning through their reserves because of the low oil price . 
  if turkey tries to become russia 2.0 , they will fail pretty quickly and pretty hard . 
  a poor nation without nukes isnt a threat to anybody . 
  why though ? 
  the quota is an eu decision after all . 
  if poland and others can ignore this decision , why should say germany ever bother participating in an eu army ? 
  we have a solid buffer to the east , we dont need an eu army . 
  being selfish sucks for others huh ? 
  but if you absolutely need another example : there are the current investigations into hungary and polands constitutional/human rights issues . 
  obviously by granting them nearly free loans with interest rates far below the market to delay their debt issues and prevent the collapse of their economy . 
  the monsters !, 
   but we decided some 20 years ago that we needed a single currency for some incomprehensible reason and then germany made another play to conquer the eu and here we are now . 
  the euro was set up to keep germany on a leash , there was significant opposition to it in germany for a long time . 
  go find another conspiracy theory . 
  and while you are at it , feel free to campaign for your country to leave the eu and join the eea , its basically what you want . 
  the eu itself has always been a political union and will remain one . 
  honestly ; this is not our problem anymore . 
  yes erdogan pushed this for some cheap nationalist us vs them propaganda . 
  but thats a problem for turkey , not us . 
  very , very few people actually want refugees . 
  even most of the german morons that wanted refugees in 2015 changed their opinions very quickly once they saw what taking refugees means . 
  the difference is mostly in how to deal with refugees you dont want . 
  most of eastern europe simply says fuck you and wants to leave italy and greece to deal with the problem themselves . 
  they essentially hope that even the refugees already there will just magically vanish . 
  some western eu members want to set up an eu wide solution . 
  and while there are still a lot of idiots that dont realize that you actually have to close the borders or set a hard limit to refugee migration to make that work , this is the only actual long term solution . 
  one really has to wonder if poland and friends are willing to turn italy and greece into country sized ghettos just to satisfy their paranoia . 
  if poland refuses to accept eu decisions , it needs to come up with a better solution . 
  it doesnt matter how bad the eu decision is , you are either an eu member or you are not . 
  if you are , you must accept eu decisions or work to develop a better plan . 
  so who will take all of these refugees ? 
  surely poland already has it figured out and isnt just talking shit ? 
  that doesnt matter though . 
  in the real world , there is no such thing as not voting . 
  you can vote for a party/politician of your choice , but if you do not , you also vote . 
  in that case your vote is `` i agree with the policies of whoever wins the election '' . 
  you handed that responsibility over to the eu when you joined . 
  a lot of people in western europe didnt want you either . 
  what if they are bad , but unless you just put them all in the ofen , we still kinda have to deal with them ? 
  sure close the borders , dont let a single more muslim get to europe . 
  now whats the polish plan to deal with the muslims already in europe ? 
  yeah its one thing to say that we should close the borders . 
  but the muslims already in europe dont magically vanish . 
  there are millions of muslims already in europe . 
  sure we can and maybe should close the borders . 
  but the muslims already here need to be dealt with . 
  so unless you wan na setup some good old concentration camps , we need to find a way to keep them away from radicals and make sure they have the same chances and opportunities everybody else has . 
  yeah , or you just hire a couple of extra police officers and just follow one of the countless leads that we already have . 
  a lot of terrorists are known radicals and have ben reported . 
  you dont need fantasy bullshit with questionable human rights consequences for that . 
  just boots on the ground . 
  lone wolf describes their organisation , not their agenda . 
  chances are the guy was in contact with , or possibly indoctrinated by , radicals running their business on saudi funding . 
  and if one sad story would lead to laws being abolished , we would still live in fucking caves . 
  laws are made to make sure they produce a desireable outcome * most * of the time . 
  no law is ever truly fair in any possible situation . 
  its simply a numbers game . 
  it took so long because the parents went through all the instances to fight the decision . 
  that was their call , and therefore their fault . 
  sure it made sense for them , but they should have kept in mind what would happen if they fail . 
   you ca n't blame the parents for using all the legal means that they had to fight for their future in germany . 
  i dont , why would i ? 
  i am simply saying that the time it takes to use the legal means does not in any shape or form act as an argument to let them stay . 
  yes they were free to use any legal option they had . 
  the end result is being denied asylum or a residency permit , so now they must leave . 
  its pretty simple , actually . 
  no , there shouldnt be a timeframe for guanranteed citizenship . 
  because thats what it would be . 
  her parents were denied asylum , they chose to have children despite knowing what could happen . 
  if we give people any reliable way to turn a denied asylum application into defacto citizenship , we 'll get fucked sooner or later . 
  i mean they had their warning , they had no residency permit for ~ 4 years . 
  they had more than enough time to slowly prepare and travel back to nepal on their own . 
  but they didnt , they tried to gamble the system and now their daughter paid for it . 
  people are sympathetic because she is asian rather than african or a muslim , but that really shouldnt make a difference . 
  the uk never opened the gates and has very extreme surveillance already . 
  it obviously didnt help at all . 
  the problem is that they force foreign companies into joint ventures . 
  these joint ventures get foreign tech for free and are ultimately under the controll of the chinese goverment . 
  essentially : if you want to do business in china , you hand over all of your technology and knowledge . 
  and since china doesnt care at all about copyrights or patents , that means you just create your own competition . 
  eh i am not trying to moralize here . 
  yes a lot of mistakes were made when the euro was set up , thats quite obvious . 
  but at the end of the day , that doesnt even matter . 
  the eu/ez will not survive with its current structure . 
  the financial crisis and the current debt issues show that very well . 
  so every eu and ez member will have to make a simple choice : move forward and set up a system that can actually last . 
  or take a step back and use only the eea parts of the eu package . 
  contracts and opt outs wont mean much in this situation . 
  the eu can be quite harsh if it needs to be . 
  tell your goverment to stop the games and leave the eu then . 
  the eea should be just fine for you . 
  at the end of the day every eu member will have to accept the euro or leave . 
  its not going to happen any time soon , but it will happen . 
  out of pure necessity . 
  this insurance would still be based on risk evaluations .
