  sure people will whine , but it doesnt really matter if the results are acceptable . 
   or desperation , maybe ? 
  their desperation would also be a result of their own stupidity . 
  greece and turkey certainly arent nice , but they are safe . 
  thats all refugees can ask for and all asylum is meant to provide : safety, 
   crisis happen we solve it until the next crisis . 
  each crisis will kill us or make us stronger if we survive . 
  it will make us stronger if we fix whatever caused the crisis in the first place . 
  we havent fixed the core issue of the financial crisis and the debt crisis of greece , at all . 
   it happened with the pirates too , they scooped a short success from the google maps controversy , the nsa spying and snowden manning `` vorratsdatenspeicherung '' etc. 
  and look where they are now . 
  afaik the pirate party fell down because of internal struggles . 
  they wanted to branch out into gender politics or tried to fix their inherent gender imbalance or something , but it ended up being an embarassing mess and the party lost its drive over it because more and more people were annoyed . 
  imo the pirates had a good spot , the orange was very appropriate for the position they could have chosen in the german political spectrum . 
  between the market liberal yellow fdp and the social democrat red spd . 
  a true cilvil liberty , social democrat party would be amazing . 
  especially after the fdp became a pro economy at all cost joke . 
   germany suffers from a deep angst of transparent debate about migration germany suffers from a deep angst of transparent debate about anything . 
  thats the only reason why merkel is still in office . 
  she turns around on a dime constantly , changes her opinions to the beat of poll results and in general does a lot of weird shit . 
  but because none of it is ever discussed nobody cares . 
  even her turnaround on the nuclear exit was pathetic , her turn around on the greek problems was stupid and will cost us a lot of money , etc. 
  there really is no political culture in germany , just take a look at the high profile talk shows on tv . 
  the reason the afd is strong is because the established parties have no competent politicians at all that could just trash the afd in a talkshow . 
  the best they can do is call them far right or neonazi . 
  russia just might . 
   also , if you look at the distribution of immigrants in germany , you will notice that practically none of them live in the former gdr so xenophobia is much more prevalent . 
  xenophobia is more prevalent because the economic situation is much worse . 
  its easy to be for refugees if you are doing fine . 
  the afd votes are just as much against the establishment as they are against refugees . 
  we make spanish the primary language and it fits again . 
  estados unidos . 
  ( or something like that ), 
  in the political landscape of germany , they are far right . 
  it doesnt matter what their position would be in other political systems . 
  die linke in eastern germany is very different from their western counterparts . 
  the predecessor party pds already participated in several goverments in eastern germany and are far more realistic and socialist . 
  the western part of the party are desillusioned ex spd people with much more surreal ideas that never participated in any goverments . 
  its not as big of a shock that die linke is strong in eastern germany , they are simply more practical and not fantasy communists that want the leave the eu . 
  well there is no other coalition possible , unless the cdu wants to have one with the linke . 
  so they will most likely get a minority goverment which means the afd will have some influence . 
  that wont work . 
  the established parties already ignore the low participation in elections and dont even think about whether or not its low because the parties fail . 
  people will just think you are too stupid to vote properly if you `` spoil '' your vote . 
  businessmen have no monopoly on foresight . 
  parents sending their 8 year old kids to learn chinese is mostly a bad case of helicopter parents . 
  the second most important language after english in europe would be german or french . 
  the problem isnt just that the afd fools people . 
  if none of the mainstream party has a citical stance towards refugees , some people will vote for a party that does . 
  merkel is actually going back on her pro refugee policies right now . 
  but she cares about nothing and will say whatever it takes to stay in power and win elections . 
  so there really is no alternative for people that are against refugees and migration . 
  would it be better for the girl to leave she school and be limited to interacting with nutjobs like her family though ? 
  if she stays , she at least gets a taste of what it means to be free . 
  this makes it more likely that she will break with her parents sooner or later . 
  if you force the parents into a decision like that , they might just send her to a more radical school that fits their ideas , rather than hers . 
   sometimes i think gchq is the only competent government department we have . 
  thats because its easier for them to hide their failures . 
  youtube as a plattform is just full of stupid people . 
  its like twitch chat . 
  most bad comments might not even be from the uk . 
  wow , this would drive me nuts if i lived anywhere even somewhat close to a church . 
  more stuff to get rid of then . 
  i seem to remember some of the goverment oaths also reference god , which is fairly stupid for a modern democracy . 
  yeah good luck with that . 
  forcing nations into accepting migrants is a really bad idea . 
  hell this would probably catapult right wing parties into goverments everywhere . 
  the eu was always based on consensus . 
  this distribution was pushed through via a simple majority vote . 
  and of the 160.000 refugees , we have distributed less than 1.000 over several months . 
  thats called a failure . 
  the problem isnt that the deal is shady , its that the deal wont work . 
  the syrians we are supposed to get in exchange for the evil smuggled migrants would have to be distributed in europe . 
  thats not going to happen . 
  turkey wants to send us nice syrians in exchange for the bad migrants we send back . 
  those nice ones would have to be distributed in europe . 
  this distribution will never happen , and merkel knows it . 
  she is negotiating an agreement that wont ever work to make herself look good . 
  after all she can blame the evil nazi fence builders in eastern europe for the failure of her agreement or something . 
  simply put : merkels sells out the typically more compromise focused german foreign politics and burns a lot of diplomatic good will to make herself look good . 
  what a humanitarian she is . 
  there are actual statistics about these things and yes , a lot of countries do have problems with criminal refugees and people they cant deport . 
  it doesnt have anything to do with skin color though , just with culture . 
  but i guess its not as fun of a guilt trip if you 'd say that . 
  interesting that the countries that are much worse off than before are mostly wealthy , while the countries that have improved the most compared to germany are mostly poor ones . 
  other than greece and spain obviously . 
  this doesnt sound so bad overall . 
   housing afghani refugees does n't mean we have to house all war refugees in the world . 
  but the rules that force us to house refugees even from a country so far away would force us to take refugees from basically everywhere in the world . 
  which is simply a very , very bad idea . 
  if afghans are in danger and need asylum , they should go to pakistan or another nearby country . 
   she had half a year and what has she achieved ? 
  900 people distributed ? 
  still no deal with turkey ? 
  kinda sorta maybe nato ships in the \u00c4g\u00e4is except nobody is 100 % what they can do ? 
  still no strong position towards syria ? 
  thats what i meant with 27:1 merkel was very vocal about whats good and whats bad , but she hasnt managed to organise any relevant compromise or agreement yet . 
  the deal with turkey wont work because the distribution has already failed . 
  merkels failure isnt her ideals , its her incompetence . 
  yeah i think merkel has been outnumbered 27:1 for several months by now .
