   what problem is that ? 
  when individuals decide who needs to live and who needs to die and break laws to make sure it happens , things get messy . 
  i very much doubt this woman or any of these volunteer fighters is capable of analyzing the political situation in syria and iraq and understand just what kind of organization they support . 
  i would bet money on the fact that she herself has either commited or witnessed warcrimes by her own allies . 
  who is she to be smarter than everybody else in denmark and being allowed to kill at her own discretion ? 
  because you know , the way to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  behind crushingly expensive contracts with 750mb monthly volume . 
  she put ethnicy over law . 
  she might not be a terrorist , but she is a problem for denmark . 
  thats perfectly understandable . 
  but anybody willing to go this far surely has the spine to stand up for their ideals and take this sentence . 
  i mean it cant be worse than being shot by insane jihadists . 
   did it really went through roof or her `` open society '' handlers with their servant corporate media produced `` ratings '' that pretended that popularity has risen ? 
  pretty sure it did go up by a lot , just like it dropped by a lot after people had to face the reality of having a million migrants around . 
  you ( literally ) dont get to vote on that . 
  she was praised for it where it matters : in germany . 
   what is the historical record of germany economically integrating non-western immigrants ? 
  not very good . 
  but its not like we have a choice anymore at this point . 
  because they saw poor people on tv and being in favor of opening the border made them feel good . 
  merkel is the by far biggest populist in germany . 
  she should have know what would happen and limit the refugee stream to make sure public opinion would remain in favor of helping them . 
  that would make integration much easier . 
  but , as usual , she didnt plan ahead for more than 5 minutes and fucked up everything . 
  you know , the good way to handle refugees is to take only a few , but then do whatever you can to make sure they integrate . 
  thanks to merkel we 've taken almost a million and public opinion has turned around , taking away the public backing for necessary integration efforts ( and spending ) . 
  she couldnt have failed much harder . 
  not really . 
  these people are here for about one year . 
  even if you are optimistic and assume they are indeed hard working and willing to integrate , they would at most have learned german by now . 
  most of these people have no relevant qualification . 
  apprenticeships in germany typically start towards the end of the year , august/september . 
  only those that learned the language very quickly had any chance to get an apprenticeship in 2016 . 
  yes it was one hell of a bad idea to take these people . 
  but the fact that they dont have jobs yet isnt particulary relevant , problematic or even unexpected . 
  more realistically ; when merkel announced that we wouldnt turn back syrians , her popularity went through the roof . 
  people forget that , but she was praised for her handling of the refugee crisis for 2-3 months . 
  some thought she might get the nobel peace prize for it . 
  too bad for her that reality eventually hit people in the face and they noticed that taking 900k refugees wasnt free or well organized at all . 
  turkey agreed to have german customs taught at this school . 
  they can call off the deal anytime they want and we withdraw the ~ 35 german teachers that work down there and are paid by germany . 
  germany sends a lot of teachers to this school with the explicit purpose of teaching german language and customs . 
  christmas isnt only celebrated in germany , but it is part of our customs . 
  the agreement all of this is based on explicitly says that both parties have to encourage learnign about each others customs . 
  last time i checked the greek were free to elect whatever goverment they want to . 
  if anything their problem is the absurd corruption and incompetence of their goverments . 
  but i cant seem to remember massive protests after tsipras betrayed everybody and turned around 180 * . 
  so i am assuming the greek are satisfied with his policies . 
  good job at moving the goalpost . 
  so you do understand that these `` loans '' are effectively gifted money ? 
  yeah sure keep deluding yourself about getting that money back while the greek constantly ask for debt relief . 
  in case this isnt obvious : debt relief for greece means not getting the money back . 
  and lets not talk about the fact that they got it under conditions that maybe 1-2 countries in the world can get for loans . 
  greece gets better condition for their loans than most ez members on the market at the moment . 
  i wonder what he expected ? 
  he has basically no leverage . 
  germans still dont like giving greece any more money , merkel wont open that can of worms in an election year on her own either . 
  his only plan b is a grexit which would piss off his voters more than merkel 's . 
  that survey was worthless and the questions were phrased to create certain results rather than give interesting insights . 
  self reported `` values '' are also virtually useless as most people lie to themselves about these things and act very differently from how they perceive themselves to act . 
  you are clueless . 
  if you walk up to any refugee who is about to be deported and you offer them permanent residency in the country for `` converting '' , 99 % will accept on the spot . 
  its ironic that people hate islam so much that they are incapable of understanding that money is way more important than religion for refugees and migrants . 
  so why dont we sell north korea all the weapons they want ? 
  if we dont , china does it anyway . 
  technically speaking , you can sell arms to people that buy them because they are stupid/paranoid and wont use them anyway . 
  or to militaries with a defensive mindset . 
  i mean : there is a reason why selling arms to most eu members is fine , but selling them to north korea or others isnt . 
  some organizations translate their name to other languages , but still use the same aconym regardless of language . 
  another example would be iso , which explicitly uses this acronym even for languages where it doesnt fit the translated name . 
  you can register an ug for very little money in germany , even though you need to set up accruals later on , but that wont be an issue for startups operating at a loss for a couple of years . 
  worthless questions imo . 
  i know muslims and jews that really dont give a shit about being either and havent set foot in a religious building for most of their lifes . 
  nobody would dislike them because their religion would simply never come up at all . 
  also : `` black '' is a very inaccurate term . 
  some `` black '' people have a skin color fairly close to italians or greek and would probably be accepted much more easily than people from central africa . 
  its indeed very german of you to get triggered by a simple word . 
  you divided poland ( again ) . 
  and the people that arent using the internet probably arent using a computer at all . 
  which means they are screwed and wont even be able to write an application at all , much less a good one . 
  the point you dont understand is that german voters will not support eurobonds without budget oversight . 
  if you want germany to pay interest rates for bonds based on greek spending , we need a say in the spending . 
  if you think that any german goverment would agree to eurobonds without budget oversight , you are delusional . 
  they would get torn apart in the next elections . 
  and merkel in particular prefers power over progress any day of the week . 
  she will not sacrifice her poll results until maybe her last term in office . 
  eurobonds will not be pushed with a majority vote . 
  everybody needs to agree . 
  and i dont think germany would support the kind of bonds spain and other southern countries want . 
  most notably , there is no way in hell we 'll get eurobonds for all ez members . 
  any further integration would need to happen on a smaller plattform than either eu or ez . 
  good luck with that . 
  france took basically no refugees during the crisis , you just dont hear anything about it because they arent pis morons advertising the this fact . 
  thats right , death to the ~ ~ infidels ~ ~ terrorists !, 
  its just a matter of using it properly . 
  people invest in speculative goods all the time . 
  be smart about it and its fine . 
  but no its not a good idea to invest your entire savings into bitcoins . 
  just like its not a good idea to do so with anything else . 
  the eu absolutely doesnt care how spain regulates its tourism sector .
