  i prefer the ( old and now replaced ) german system : children get citizenship until their 18th birthday . 
  at that point they get to decide which citizenship to keep . 
  they wanted to , but the municipality has strict rules on what kind of material you can burn at which day of the week . 
  they couldnt fit it into their time table , so they just shrugged and delivered the whole thing . 
  the hull looks very much not like its made out of wood . 
  they probably made a small table and 7.000 custom tooth picks out of that wood . 
  there is absolutely no point in providing incentives for families to have more than 3 children . 
  and you pretend that unemployement is always some sort of personal failure that must be punished . 
  i am sure a lot of people in spain and greece would disagree . 
  germany already does something similar , though the additional cost is very , very small . 
  if thats true he must be a collosal moron . 
  there is no way he suffers so much froms muslims that a goverment persecuting gay people would be an improvement . 
  which is fine . 
  but a lot of people that want less islam are willing to go to crazy lenghs to get that and dont mind pointless racist crap policies that probably dont even work as long as they sound sufficiently unfriendly for muslims . 
  it doesnt matter what you think of muslims and islam , the moment you ignore all reason and elect politicians based on their opinion on a single issue you are easily manipulated . 
  this is how trump happened : he was elected purely for being anti establishment and against just about everything . 
  but as it turns out his policies arent even good for the people he pretended to represent and his actions will hurt his supporters and the us in general . 
   what about shared property ? 
  is the wife stripped of communal property in the eyes of the state ? 
  or the husband ? 
  i seem to recall that in case of a divorce , everything either partner owned before the marriage is simply their personal property again after the divorce . 
  everything that was bought as a couple is split 50/50 unless there is a reason not to . 
   what happens to custody of any children ? 
  german law tends to automatically grant custody of the children to the mother . 
  its actually quite sexist and it might have been changed recently , but it should be fine in this case . 
  most notably : child care is being paid and the girl would be able to finish her education even with a child . 
  not going to be easy , but better than nothing i guess . 
  damn , you 're not taking prisoners today ahaha . 
  well said though . 
  looks like the frenchies managed to actually pull this off despite the hilariously bloated format with 11 candidates . 
  guess it was worth inviting hopeless candidates if they roast le pen . 
  yeah because they 'd still be stuck in a rainforest in south america half a world away from the rest of the eu . 
   china has communism today and it works . 
  china has state planned capitalism . 
  the means of production are not controlled by the workers in china . 
  even if its true , negligence and excessive incompetence isnt much of an excuse . 
  so the school management is responsible either way . 
  but seeing how the school tried to set up gender segregated classes last year , its probably not negligence . 
  nope , they need to be . 
  its mostly indirect subsidies too . 
  the main one would be artificially limiting their potential liabilities . 
  without this limit , there would never have been any sort of nuclear industry as the actual liabilities of nuclear power plants are beyond the scope that even the largest insurance companies care to cover . 
  and even if they 'd cover it , it would most likely increase the price of nuclear power by several orders of magnitude . 
  this is the us situation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/price%e2%80%93anderson_nuclear_industries_indemnity_act and thats before we get to things like waste storage which are often also paid for by the state , but pale in comparision to the insurance issue . 
  nuclear power is much more expensive than you think . 
  there is no nuclear powerplant in the world that runs without massive indirect subsidies . 
  without those , nuclear power wouldnt exist . 
  we 'd also be a couple of decades ahead with progress in renewables, 
  alright i am sorry . 
  we should fire all those filthy croatians so they can be proud , unemployed croatians at home , where they belong . 
  that would clearly be the best solution for everybody involved . 
   i think that , perhaps because of recency bias over events , that it becomes en vogue to treat all uses of something as clearly useless or incorrect . 
  thats not what happens here . 
  the understanding of hard power has just changed from having a lot of soldiers to being able to project power across the globe . 
  simply put : having a lot of soldiers can be decent , because military forces are needed for basic security of a country . 
  but the us understanding of hard power is one of projection . 
  and its quite obvious that this is not very useful . 
  the us didnt fail in afghanistan and iraq because there wasnt enough hard power . 
  they failed because there was nothing else . 
  military based hard power is an overspecialized tool that is all but useless for most foreign policy tasks . 
  considering how few situations require it and how few of these scenarios are desireable in the first place it makes no sense to prioritise military strength and the ability to win wars over political and cultural influence and the ability to prevent wars and stabilize societes without sending 200k grunts . 
  there was never really a rule for this kind of thing . 
  looks like people were annoyed by the arbitrary light shows and the city has just decided not to do it anymore . 
  either way this is an absolutely trivial matter . 
  and that is a problem because ? 
  if they find work , they find work . 
  working in germany is probably pretty decent for them . 
  companies have a single value and its expressed in currency . 
  everything else is just a marketing tool . 
  they didnt have to learn turkish though . 
  thats another reason why its terrible that people like d\u00f6ner guy here dont speak german . 
  they force their kids to learn turkish before the kids learn german , making their life just as hard . 
  if their kids would grow up learning german they could still learn turkish later on . 
  but because their idiot parents cant even speak german properly the kids are forced into turkish . 
  at the end of the day , this is one of the major reasons why 2nd and 3rd generation turks in europe dont feel at home here or in turkey . 
  how do you avoid learning the language the country you live in for 25 years unless you go out of your way to avoid learning it ? 
  he must have structured his entire life around interacting with people that dont speak german . 
  thats an impressive dedication to maintain ones own ignorance . 
  humans are capable of learning at any age . 
  there are actually programs for pensioneers to go to university and study . 
  this is of course mostly about socialising , but they do learn . 
  yes it is hard , quite hard . 
  but this guy wants to live in austria and has already spend half of his life there . 
  if he cares so little about the country that he cant be bothered to learn its language over the course of a quarter of a century , he doesnt belong there , end of the story . 
   he acknowledges that he remains a turkish citizen but says it 's only because his german is n't good enough to pass strict austrian citizenship tests . 
  it doesnt take 25 years to learn enough to pass this test . 
  realistically , it doesnt take 25 months to do so . 
  again if this guy would be in austria for a couple of years , i wouldnt mind . 
  but he spend most of his life in a country he rejects on a daily basis . 
  thats not integration . 
  language isnt just a random metric , its the only relevant one . 
  if migrants dont learn to speak the local language , any other integration efforts are futile and doomed to fail . 
  now this guy probably didnt get a language course or anything , but after so many years he should speak it anyway . 
  not learning the language of your country in 25 years requires conscious effort . 
  in which case he deserves what he gets . 
  its a very simple solution : hard limits for asylum based on our capacity or willingness to integrate people into our society . 
  the reason we get refugees is that we take refugees . 
  eliminate the pull factor by not making asylum in europe an attractive carreer option and the problem will fix itself . 
  for us anyway , but its not like we have to care about every single country out there . 
  canada borders a single country that is just as rich .
