  so greece , the ez and the imf ultimately bow down to not even german interest , but the interest of a single german party . 
  and realistically the interests of merkel alone . 
  thats something to be smug about ahaha . 
  this wasnt charity , the us invested into a reliable ally against the commies . 
  unfortunately for greece , turkey isnt quite as interesting of an enemy yet . 
  i dont care in general , but damn if this would open up more opportunities for jobs in the 25-30 hours a week range i 'd love it . 
  i really dont care to work 40 + hours . 
  if you are decently qualified you can easily have a good life with ~ 30 hours , but there are very few positions with hours like that at the moment . 
  most people in germany wont mind . 
  there is a bit of prejudice against people from poor eu nations , but its not that bad . 
  you better speak proper german though . 
  if you dont , you wont have a fun time outside of university centered cities . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmaynvl1imw the question you have to ask yourself is this : would the ukraine have used nuclear weapons against russia if they still had them ? 
  i dont think so . 
  therefore there is no point for them to have them or anybody facing russian aggression in the first place . 
  we dont have to assume anything . 
  all we can do is give the greek a chance to rebuild their country on their own terms . 
  whether they fail or not is irrelevant . 
  you push far right parties into power by lying constantly and eventually getting caught . 
  not by stating facts and doing your best to fix the problem . 
  thats a good way of making sure nobody will ever do the right thing . 
  well for once , its not a total writeoff . 
  its also much easier to sell to the rabble , after all greece will pay their debts . 
  it would hurt more short term , but allow greece to rebuild with more controll over their finances . 
  the incompetence that lead the city of berlin to pay 1500 euro of rent per refugee per month to house them . 
  it doesnt matter what anybody thinks of the goverment and their policy on refugees . 
  the fact that a deal like this was considered and necessary to begin with is a massive failure and practically invites right wing parties to shit all over the establishment . 
  what if the majority of your population is in favor of summarily execution for bad posts on reddit ? 
  that would kind of suck for you now , wouldnt it ? 
   there 's such a thing as being homocentric , it means wholly defying your personality behind your sexual orientation . 
  what makes those people different from `` radical '' vegans , feminists , smokers or w/e else kind of randomly weird groups exist ? 
  they are just weird people doing annoying shit . 
  they might as well be hardcore vegans that constantly blame you for murdering poor creatures . 
  its annoying , sure , but denying an entire group of people rights because a tiny , tiny fraction of them are stupid and annoying ? 
  that honestly sounds like a lame excuse . 
   why would it ? 
  if anything would n't it increase ? 
  are you still seing women reminding people that they can vote like men now ? 
  well of course not , this kind of discrimination was eliminated long ago , so why would they give any fucks about it ? 
  same will happen with any discrimination that gets eliminated . 
  eventually people will grow up without being aware that this was ever a problem . 
  if infertile couples can marry and `` kids come after '' , why deny this to same sex couples ? 
  surely they are just as capable of adopting children ? 
  its the other way around : dont go out of your way to discriminate certain people . 
  this is what the people signing this document are trying to do . 
  no , its a right . 
  / u/gau8 _ brrrt un human rights declaration , article 16 http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/  ( 1 ) men and women of full age , without any limitation due to race , nationality or religion , have the right to marry and to found a family . 
  they are entitled to equal rights as to marriage , during marriage and at its dissolution . 
  this is not limited to mixed sex relationships . 
   gay people ca n't have kids so why should the state recognize their unions anymore than any casual relationship ? 
  marriage is reconized independant of children . 
  with your argument , why would the state allow infertile people to marry ? 
  there is nothing to gain from that , after all . 
  its a stupid argument . 
   however gayness is all about `` pride '' about rejecting traditional relationships and celebrating your sexual choices in a way that if any straight person were to do so would be condemned as sexist or perverted an overreaction to being discriminated against , at least to some degree . 
  once the discrimination vanishes , so will most of the overreaction . 
  and then again , do you also have a problem with women wearing heavy makeup ? 
  i mean how does a flamboyant or fancy appearance of others even affect you ? 
  they dont force anybody to do anything . 
  accepting a lifestyle that doesnt hurt anybody is hardly equal to being forced . 
  i mean if you are uncomfortable about same sex relationships , thats understandable . 
  but a lot of things are tied into marriage for some reason . 
  not allowing two people to marry is pretty drastic , i dont think being uncomfortable justifies this . 
   you do n't hear about diary investments in europe , because they are n't so huge as this one . 
  one billion is not a huge investment . 
  if we 'd post a news every time a company invests a billion within the eu , this sub would drown . 
  this is local news that really doesnt matter . 
   as you note , such things quickly degenerate into using the memory of some dead people to beat others up about some other dead people to score some points in a game that 's best not played at all . 
  so whats the point of this `` recognition '' then ? 
  if there is enough scientific evidence , why do these people need the arbitrary recognition by politicians ? 
  i mean you even say , your grandmother is the last person that suffered from this , and you cant even remember her yourself . 
  so whats the practical use of this ? 
  what would it even do if say putin himself would come out and apologize for it ? 
  because right now , the only people beating others up about dead people are the circassians making requesting this . 
   essentially , we 'd be dead if we had to go up against anything other than minor sub-saharan african countries . 
  then again , your greatest enemies are the tides . 
  he is a detached bureaucrat . 
  in his mind , this was a logical statement . 
  remind the uk citizens that leaving wont be free and things wont be peachy . 
  the fact that they might take it badly and basically tell him to come at them didnt cross his mind because he doesnt actually have any ideals or principles himself . 
  for him , it makes perfect sense not to do something that might be risky . 
  thats probably why he got his job . 
  because he is predictable and has nothing that he would ever stand up for . 
  that sums it up pretty well . 
  she is good at playing power games , but she is fucking terrible at actually doing her job . 
  she only manages to stay in office because all other german politicians are also fucking terrible at their job , but worse at playing the power game . 
  merkel is an idiot , but i doubt she wants the uk out . 
  imo , she is quite desperate to hold things together as they are . 
  if only so she wont become the chancellor that broke europe . 
  her actions in greece show how stupid this can get . 
  come on , you know very well what he meant . 
  junker has his job because he is harmless and a good little boy that wont try to cause trouble . 
  turns out if you pick people with these criteria , they might not be * competent * . 
  all high ranking eu officials that werent directly elected are basically compromise candidates . 
  which automatically means most of them are incompetent . 
  after all they were chosen because they didnt offend any of the countless parties involved too much . 
  do i really have to spell it out for you ? 
  the us obviously want their allies to be stable , if only so they remain us allies . 
  they obviously dont care about their ( perceived ) enemies stability . 
  i applaud you for your self reflection .
