  this basically means a quota . 
  the un is a joke . 
  its a completely pointless show that has no actual power and will only ever agree on something if its so pointless that nobody cares to oppose it . 
  so dont worry , nothing ( bad ) will happen just because russia keeps its seat on the security council . 
  honestly , i do understand why they close the border . 
  but i absolutely do not understand the hate for quotas . 
  like it or not : we have to take some of those refugees because they do have legitimate claims . 
  the eu has rules about asylum . 
  everybody joining the eu agrees to this . 
  i absolutely want the quota to be based on both population and economic indicators . 
  but we need this quota . 
  with a quota we can actually set up processing centers for refugees at our borders which in turn would allow us to kick every single illegal immigrant out and tell them to go to these centers . 
  quotas are the first step we need to take for a solution , not just a delay . 
  and we sure do need a solution asap . 
  the problem is that she announced basically nothing . 
  what she said was the simple reality of court decisions at this point . 
  a minor technicality . 
  so why did she have to make it so dramatic ? 
  because she fucked up . 
  she waited to long to speak up about the crisis , as always . 
  so when she did speak up she had to say something to make her look competent and fix her image . 
  well that part worked for about 2 weeks ... 
  they might be legally compelled to give a reply . 
  this better go to some sort of court . 
  they say you are allowed to deny welfare for eu nationals . 
  you are free to hand out welfare to eu nationals regardless . 
  this is not a new decision . 
  this is a confirmation that the way welfare was handeled in germany so far is in line with eu regulations . 
  and its perfectly fine . 
  not going to do much with different standards of living . 
  a budget that might be ok in some eastern eu nations wont feed you in more expensive ones . 
  if you set the budget to feed you in more expensive nations its too much for poor members and will screw with their economy because their salaries are low . 
  if you adjust it dependant on residency , you are back to square one . 
  they wont starve either way . 
  its just some bullshit they try to get their `` demands '' carried out . 
  let them rot , they will eat sooner or later . 
  yup pretty much . 
  or just distribute it to organisations helping homeless or whatever . 
  a lot of those supplies are regular items that could be sold in supermarkets anyway . 
  so its not like its all crap that nobody in europe could use . 
  so where was the pitty and the donations for turkey and jordan when millions of refugees fled there ? 
  where was the support for greece when they were overwhelmed ? 
  simple : there was next to no support for those . 
  the support started when refugees made their way beyond greece and italy and actually went for germany . 
  and honestly : once this topic is out of the news , support from most people that cared oh so much will collapse again . 
  out of sight , out of mind . 
  i would actually consider a military intervenition if the plan would be good and most importantly : it would tackle the problem at the source . 
  that means an intervenition in saudi arabia that takes down this slavedriving , terrorist financing shithole . 
  that wouldnt just help syria , it would help stabilising other middle eastern nations too . 
  i dont think the un can produce a strongly worded letter this fast . 
  the problem in germany is that a ) we cant send back refugees to certain nations like greece because courts said so and b ) every refugee is entitled to basically the same amount of * grundsicherung * that germans get in a worst case scenario . 
  yes that means refugees receive benefits in excess of some east european salaries . 
  which is why we 'd be really smart not to invite people . 
  because they cost us a ton and getting rid of them is very , very hard . 
  oh dont worry , give it uhm , a year ? 
  yeah give it a year and merkel will have had somebody else figure something out how to handle all this . 
  meanwhile , go take as much refugees as you are told to * or else * . 
   do n't give a shit about what 's happening in syria fun fact , this is basically the official german position . 
  nobody did give any fucks until poor and smelly refugees came to us and it stopped being a problem of greece and italy . 
  so get off your high horse . 
  it doesnt matter where the refugees are . 
  being forced to apply for asylum in fixed facilities means they will be there . 
  alright , then how about that : we set up asylum processing centers right outside of our borders and at hot spots like turkey and jordan . 
  all asylum seekers can apply for it there , everybody who is granted asylum gets a nice and cozy flight to europe . 
  in exchange for that every single illegal immigrant in europe is automatically deported to one of those centers . 
  if they are refugees they can apply for asylum there . 
  this would completely ruin the business of smugglers while also keeping up with the general right for asylum . 
  enough heart and brain for you ? 
  honestly : the fact that the saudis are still considered allies is probably the biggest fuckup of us foreign politics in the last 14 years . 
  and its not like there is no competition . 
  i am really not a friend of intervenitions , but i absolutely wouldnt mind saudi arabia getting bombed to shit . 
  step 1 : stop the refugee stream step 2 : accept that an optimal solution wont happen and get a realistic idea of who can rebuild syria . 
  step 3 : profit ?!, 
  he isnt talking about numbers at all . 
  he simply wants us to approach the problem differently . 
  which is what a lot of european suggested before being shouted down because not blindly accepting mass immigration makes you a bad guy right now . 
  no its not . 
  but the west is evidently unable/unwilling to properly stabilise nations like syria . 
  and its naive to think that ~ 800 million people in europe and north american can fix the problems of 6 billion poors . 
  just like we have the right to defend our societies against migration . 
  they use their rights , so lets use ours . 
  yes it is . 
  we simply cant integrate these people properly . 
  and all the pro immigration crowd has to say about this is that we should be optimistic that we will somehow integrate them . 
  if optimism is your main argument for accepting a shitty situation , well ... edit : fuck me i am bad at , words, 
  yes it is safe . 
  being popular isnt a requirement for a safe place to live . 
  nobody murders migrants on the streets in europe . 
  the smugglers will always profit . 
  load a cheap shit boat with 50 people charged 2000-10000 usd/euro per head . 
  shit they could order these boats from european producers and still make a good profit . 
  we need to kill demand by not inviting people , reducing the chances of getting asylum for people that dont need it and communicating these facts properly . 
  all about the relativity . 
  one boat with 50 people sinking with everybody on board dead , but being so dramatic that migration drastically drops ? 
  to be honest ; we are lucky that this wont ever be offered to us . 
  because we sure as hell would accept it . 
  uhh this is not a step forward , not at all . 
  for once the migrants on board of these to be destroyed vessels will be carried to europe . 
  so the boats have done their job anyway . 
  and its not like these boats are sophisticated multi use passenger transports .
