  while he was right , he wasnt making any conclusive arguments for anything . 
  he merely pointed out the general hypocrisy of our politicians . 
  honestly , this is a very french thing to do . 
  for once supermarkets are only responsible for a tiny fraction of the food wasted . 
  a lot of them also already work with charities and other orgs to reduce the waste . 
  forcing them to give their stuff to charities seems weird and unnecessarily restrictive . 
  the idea about tax credits seems hell of a lot better . 
  all things considered this is a lot of paternalism and rules lawyering for very little gain . 
  well it depends on the situation , obviously . 
  but yes the people you mention are most likely just as stupid . 
  since the german export/trade seems to be balanced within the eu , this is actually not bad at all . 
  its just bringing money into the eu without causing any direct problem . 
  9,2 % isnt good , but its not the end of the world either . 
  afaik the minimum unemployement is like 4-5 % you cant really get lower than that because of job to job transitions and similar stuff . 
  idiots get themselves killed without any need or purpose tends to be good for the rest of us . 
  less idiots around and whatnot . 
  good job bull bros. 
  merkel could announce the fourth reich today and all opposition she would face is people reminding her that the * bundesrat * needs to agree to it . 
  uhh , thats the point ? 
  if putin can make it to kiew and occupy the ukraine as a whole , the nato will most likely not commit to a war . 
  but as long as there is any kind of ukrainian pressence that can be defended still , the nato is very likely to deploy forces and drive the russians back . 
  well they 'd better be in kiev in a few days . 
  if russia starts an open war the nato will react . 
  and while the nato might be slow and hesitant , if russia cant seal the deal until the nato gears up they 'll get rolled over and stomped . 
  which makes them criminals , if not terrorist . 
  welcome to a civilised state . 
  partisans defending an occupied country are different from left wing extremist trying to kill say journalists working for conservative media or take corporation owners hostage . 
  prices are increasing , the rubel is weak , putin is still popular . 
  most religions are inherently bullshit . 
  at the end of the day people pick what they like/whats practical out of their religion and follow that . 
  the population in germany wouldnt mind same sex marriages . 
  the only reason its not a thing yet is that our goverment is sitting on their asses and doesnt do anything at all . 
  well they do live in one of the wealthiest nations in the world . 
  once people see that a system works , treats them fairly and allows them to prosper , chances are pretty good they will like it . 
  soft power in this context is used by nations as foreign politics . 
  putins foreign politics are proxy wars and annexing territory . 
  he is quite obviously not the least interested in soft power . 
  not really . 
  a lot of russians actually like him . 
  i mean he didnt end up where he is right now by accidents . 
  he is where he wants to be . 
  the thing about russia is that its stagnating . 
  india has many issues , but its most likely going to be at least as important in 30 years compared to today . 
  same goes for brazil . 
  even the eu will most likely be fine in 30 years . 
  russia is most likely going to be broke and irrelevant in 30 years , and people know it . 
  thats why some dont consider them a great power anymore . 
  putin doesnt care about russia , he is personally responsible for its current state . 
  he cares about himself . 
  and his position is very good right now . 
  the article is kind of weird . 
  why would putin care about his international reputation ? 
  he pissed off a lot of people and he knows it , but back home people love him . 
  his only problem would be a revolution at home . 
  this isnt going to happen . 
  so while russia might go to shit soon , why should putin even be worried ? 
  the fact that esa probably has the most money to play with after the nasa should help too . 
  i am saying that the us itself , not just random citizen or corporations , are a bit harder to sue . 
  i also do not trust my own goverment to actually enforce my rights against the us if it would come to that . 
  perfect , this solves the problem of ttip . 
  rules are worth as much as your ability to enforce them . 
  good luck enforcing these things against the us . 
  meh , if you have no issues trading with the us , you might as well trade with israel too . 
  same shit , different pile . 
  then again this boycott might be progress after all . 
  go ahead and `` boycott '' their charity . 
  that 'll teach them . 
  that wouldnt work , we dont have enough spare military gear that we could hand out to the police . 
  i mean our assault rifles appereantly arent capable of sustained fire , how would the police stop thiefs ?!, 
  the question is : why didnt other nations benefit as much ? 
  surely if a few nations become unattractive for loans all other options should become equally more attractive right ? 
  let me tell you : because even nations that arent as entangled within the ez like the uk arent as safe . 
  every nation but a selected few that suffered from the crisis could have benefited from this , and probably did to some degree . 
  we got a bigger benefit than others because of sound fiscal/economic policies . 
  the crisis itself gave everybody the same chance to benefit from greece misery . 
  germany was able to take it because of our own performance , not because we conspired to destroy the ez for slightly better loan conditions . 
   effort counts in alliances . 
  for political aspects , maybe . 
  what actually counts is : can the military of a nation do what its supposed to do ? 
  and while the german military probably isnt there yet , we are not nearly as far away as some make it seem . 
  if all of our equipment would actually work , we 'd probably be fine . 
  uhh , at this point , no not much . 
  its not like it was a huge surprise . 
  greece has been fucked for quite some time . 
  at some point another nail in the coffin doesnt make much of a difference anymore . 
  the rates dont mean much anyway if you always get good loans . 
  germany has no issues to get cheap money , the impact of the greek crisis simply isnt large enough to say that it had a big impact on our loaning conditions . 
  thats just dumb populism , lets get some arguments . 
  poland might spend a greater percentage , but their total budget is still less than a quarter of the german military budget . 
  and budgets dont matter anyway . 
  russia doesnt even have a budget that can match france + germany , its not even close in fact . 
  even if they somehow end up being more efficient , russias military ultimately has a fraction of the budget of the european nato members . 
  at the end of the day we can deal with russia whenever we feel like it , even without any help from the us . 
  there is simply no political will to do so . 
  in fact , even the us and the more militaristic uk are unwilling to do anything substantial against russia right now . 
  and that would do what exactly ? 
  the us didnt do much about the ukraine , france and the uk didnt do much either . 
  if gema would be completely insane the artist they represent would eventually throw in their weight and tell them to shut up and take youtubes offer . 
  but they dont . 
  because they know that youtube used its dominant market position to get good contracts .
