  if the economy goes down the drain , so does he . 
  germany also doesnt really care about the geopolitical aspects . 
  its mostly the us that do . 
  true , but we might have to cut down the ez a bit for that to happen . 
  lets see how long it will take for her to acknowledge that empty words wont make the problems go away . 
   ftfy     a gov is answerable to their own people or they will be voted out . 
  in eastern europe we have a working democracy , because of proportional vote so its not winner takes all and new parties can enter parliament easily then go ahead and vote out those pro eu goverments and leave . 
  oh wait you wont because all of those ee countries benefit massively from the eu and would become russian pets within the year if they cut ties with the west . 
  the eu isnt left leaning at all . 
  the eu doesnt even have a refugee policy . 
  how can it have a heavily left wing refugee policy ? 
  many european nations asked for leadership from germany . 
  be careful what you wish for , i guess . 
  we can go on about as long without dividing europe as greece can go on without going bankrupt . 
  thats unfortunately not very long i guess . 
  weird how this all happens without ttip then . 
  maybe , just maybe , free trade is just an empty phrase and we shouldnt use it as a blanket for anything good or bad . 
  there is good free trade and there is bad free trade . 
  its no so unlikely that ttip would be bad free trade . 
  maybe , but even so this makes an agreement more unlikely . 
  the polls are the way they are because everybody else is incompetent . 
  i mean , how would you feel about your 2 term shit if the us elect trump ? 
  many would probably prefer a 3rd term of obama in that case . 
  merkel wont be reelected because she has done a good job , in fact she hasnt . 
  she didnt even manage to organize the current refugee situation properly . 
  she will be reelected because the spd are now her lackeys and nobody else can challenger her . 
  she certainly has done a good job at power politics , even though she has failed a lot when it came to actual politics . 
  families are 100 % always relocated together . 
  and i am fairly sure the rejection rates are the highest for those to be moved into poor countries and lowest for those to be moved wo wealthy countries . 
  so whos dragging on the sick horse now ? 
  because to me it sounds like the greek just dont want to bite the bullet and fix their problems themselves . 
  they refuse to leave the currency that ties them down , they refuse to punish the politicians that lied to them and got them into this mess and they cry that the ez treats them unfairly despite not doing anything productive on their own . 
  sounds like a greek problem to me , not an ez problem . 
  yeah , but you dont get it . 
  the greek decide when they got enough debt relief . 
  nobody else . 
  they will demand 100 % debt relief before demanding new loans before demanding debt relief again . 
  and i mean , it works for them . 
  on top of the actual debt relief , they got absurdly good conditions from the ez . 
  the loans basically came with a percentage debt relief build in . 
  greece could leave the euro at any point in time . 
  nobody in the eu or ez can actually force greece to do anything . 
  your goverment just doesnt give a shit about what the population wants and sucks up to everybody as it means they get to keep their job . 
   definitely . 
  i work in the pharmaceutical industry , and it is my opinion that all drug research should be done by a public bureau . 
  maybe some un agency where every member state pays 0,5 % of gdp into , and then all results are patent-free . 
  yeah the free market really doesnt work for health care , especially not for edge cases where rare diseases arent cured because they are too rare to be profitable . 
   here in the netherlands we had a discussion on how beneficial a drug must be to be worth a certain price . 
  for example , if a cancer drug costs $ 100k/year , and does n't cure anyone , but does improve quality of life for a year , or even two years , is that a justifiable expense ? 
  what if saying yes to that means foregoing other expenses in health care ? 
  i think in general the idea is pretty simple : as long as there are people that need to be saved and can be saved with money , this has priority over reducing the suffering of others . 
  once you have enough money to afford life saving treatments for all that need it , you can start to worry about easing the suffering of those that wont make it . 
  there are pragmatic and perfectly reasonable reasons to ban face covering veils in certain spaces and situations . 
  a blanket ban wont survive a court examination anyway . 
  fanatics are our problem . 
  and it doesnt matter if they hide behind the quran , a swastika , or any other excuse to be monsters . 
  no , we shouldnt tolerate the intolerance of a hand full of french populists mayors . 
  yeah , expressing concern that the ukraine wastes their ressources on trivialities rather than necessary equipment to fight russia totaly makes me a 5th column russian . 
  til, 
  the most likely compromise will be a defacto burqa ban in various places where it makes sense ( public transport , large buildings like football arenas , while driving , etc ) . 
  but its important to discuss a burqa ban in general to figure out how to implement it best . 
  there are a lot of pragmatic and reasonable reasons to greatly limit the use of burqas and other face covering veils . 
  the problem is that unless you call it a burqa ban and explicitly mention that this is the intention , you will get called out for being racist and whatnot . 
  so just straight up have a discussion about a burqa ban , then set up pragmatic and resonable rules for it is the right course of action . 
   the constitutionality of such a ban would be highly dubious at best ( see here for more extensive elaboration ) and i think that 's a good thing . 
  a complete ban wouldnt be possible , but a situational ban in a lot of situations would be . 
  say : a ban in public buildings , public transport , while driving , etc. 
  the end result would mostly be the same . 
  replacing functional equipment for political reasons is not pragmatic spending . 
  what are they going to do next , throw out all equipment build or designed in russia and the udssr ? 
  the us go over board with their protected group bullshit . 
  europe for the most part doesnt go as far and isnt insane enough to use reverse discrimination as often as the us do . 
  religion in germany is ( mostly ) taught as an academic subject rather than sold as fact by the book . 
   people choose to obey religion , even if the religion is stupid . 
  if you have a dress code which contradicts a certain religion , you are excluding many people with that religion . 
  that is a fact , which no amount of principles or ` should 's can change . 
  its actually perfectly fine and accepted in the western world to discriminate religions and religous rules that violate or threaten the basics of our own society . 
  this case here is just a consequent implementation of strict neutrality from public servants . 
  the us dont have to integrate anybody as their geographic position allows them to pick their migrants easily . 
  well almost anybody i guess . 
  but to my knowledge the us do actually struggle with integrating mexicans . 
  which is probably comparable with europes struggle to integrate muslims . 
   to my mind , the best way to determine this is to see if they faithfully perform the duties of their office without prejudice or bias rather than guessing based on their cultural dress . 
  i can not assume that a personal commitment to modesty is somehow a rejection of a secular society . 
  they insist on putting their religion over their job by wearing the scarf and refusing to give it up while working . 
  the very fact that they dont want to stop wearing it on the job perfectly shows where their priorities are . 
  which many critisize and ask to be removed . 
  there are also calls for to allow muslim organisations access to this service , but its used rarely . 
   also , the technocratic cancer at the top of the eu system does not answer to anyone except themselves and their own class last time i checked , roughly 40 % of the us voters think this is also the case in the us . 
  perhaps even more think it is , but dont want to elect a madman to fix it . 
  indeed a problematic reality for you huh ? 
   so if a muslim ca n't be police , while she is perfectly able and willing to do the duties she should n't be banned by clothing restrictions . 
  which is odd , as even companies are allowed to dictate their employees what they have to wear . 
  it doesnt make sense that the state cant insist on a neutral uniform for uniformed police officers . 
  law or not , its stupid and should be changed . 
  you do not understand the term sovereignity , please stop using it . 
  you can never really blame both people and organisations for using laws in a way that benefits them the most , even at the expense of others . 
  what you can do is blame the idiot law makers and demand that the laws will be modified to prevent this . 
  its easy to vote for strongman politicians if you dont get a police baton in the face for saying normal things . 
  its like the britains that voted for brexit and now shit themselves as they notice that it might come with a cost attached .
