   at this point i think that cops are also sick of this shit it also shows how badly trained they are . 
  an kid with an axe should not be a significant threat for a well trained police officer . 
  especially not for the kind of police officers that are send to arrest armed criminals . 
  they caught him outside of the train , most likely in an open space . 
  they should have been able to overwhelm him easily or at least shot him without killing him . 
  after all , they are trained for combat and disarming people . 
  yet they were appareantly not willing to risk doing so . 
  either because they are not confident in their ability , or because they are triggerhappy . 
  i understand self preservation , but the police really shouldnt have to kill a guy with an axe . 
  what are they going to do against a gunman ? 
  ask for an airstrike because they are too afraid to walk into gun range ? 
  not the failure that didnt kill a single infidel before being shot . 
  lie detectors arent reliable and questions like this dont work very well on refugees . 
  yeah i dont think so . 
  there is a difference between `` if we let in this many people , there will be some criminals and crazies '' and `` all of these people are barbarians and should be shot '' . 
  the former will 100 % not result in any sort of legal action against you . 
  the latter just might . 
  how are you going to do that ? 
  its hard to check personal beliefs and even if he wasnt 17 , he probably doesnt have a criminal record of randomly attacking people in the streets . 
  once you open the borders , you have to accept that a certain amount of crazies and potential crazies will ge in . 
  there is really not much you can do about that , other than not opening the borders . 
  havent seen anybody write this off as islamophobia . 
  but hey i am sure you can find a moron on facebook that did , so go ahead and outstrawman the strawman . 
  the eu didnt let anybody in , it doesnt have any competences to do so . 
  right now the eu is a little bit too diplomatic with erdogan . 
  a lot of eu politicians endure his insane rants and absurd demands just to avoid angering him . 
  well in that case , you can get weird situations where somebody kills 3 people and is executed for it because the case is completely bulletproof . 
  but somebody else might kill dozens or more and gets a life sentence because there is a sliver of doubt . 
  thats means a lesser crime is punished harder . 
  not sure if that would even be possible from a legal point of view . 
  and even if it is : should we really go out of our way to satisfy primal desires like vengeance ? 
  how much innocents are you willing to execute per year to see people like breivik die for their crimes ? 
  i mean i am not even sure if a quick death is a harder punishment than rotting in a prison for 30 years . 
  yeah , we 'd just get the poor and uneducated . 
  and thats how it should be . 
  you should be able to communicate in any country you plan to live in for a while . 
  even for 5 months , a basic language course certainly doenst hurt . 
  i cant imagine living and studying abroad without speaking the language . 
  it doesnt matter if your job is english only anyway . 
  we demand that fucking refugees learn the local language , we can expect at least as much from skilled workers . 
  you probably would , like most people will eventually adapt to even the worst of circumstances . 
  at the end of the day , you adapt , leave , or accept being persecuted for it . 
  few will chose option 3 . 
  some of them will adapt , will have to tolerate that their children will be more religious then them because of social influence . 
  i dont know man . 
  if you are already on the list for opposing erdogan , `` he had a gun '' might be all the justification they need to put a bullet in your head rather than just jail you . 
  if you are a minority against a majority , escalating the violence will only fuck yourself . 
  nukes are really not useful for anything but prventing the enemy from invading you . 
  the west wouldnt invade russia , even if it didnt have nukes . 
  its inconvenient for merkels turkey deal to bring up things like this . 
  the public broadcasters in germany know whos their boss . 
   i just do n't understand why this one thing is criminalizes rather than just taboo . 
  the general idea is that morons will always bring it up and talk shit about it , but educated people wont always have the patience to argue against it and bring up evidence . 
  simply put : very few germans have actually seen much evidence for the holocaust . 
  its quite easy to argue that it didnt happen to the point where you 'd need some hard evidence to debunk this . 
  but its effort to get that evidence , which means that a lot of outlandish claims that the holocaust didnt happen would not be debunked in any meaningful way . 
  thats at least the general idea . 
   they decided not to play by the rules , now i ' fine with them getting a taste of that . 
  counterpoint : you dont seem give a shit about human rights , so why should people not murder you right now ? 
  after all , if you wanted to be treated fairly and be protected by law , you wouldnt argue that these soldiers deserve to be murdered . 
  dont worry , they will probably request several fees for doing so . 
  otherwise it might take 17 years until half of the helicopter reaches turkey again . 
  i mean if they would be executed for it in their home country , you could argue that its fine . 
  hell germany had a case against a returning islamist and it was really damn good that we got him in front of a court here . 
  because it showed what kind of a pathetic loser he was and gave some insight into how he got recruited . 
  so in a case similar to this , it would probably make sense to give asylum to a deserted isis member and judge him in germany . 
  so why dont we see a new us based company successfully taking market share from google ? 
  oh wait , because its not as easy to break a defacto monopoly. , especially in the tech sector . 
   and they did n't , because they are incompetent . 
  not really . 
  ever wondered why a shitty , over 10 year old game like wow is still alive and kicking ? 
  any new search engine would have to answer the question : why should i use this over google ? 
  why doesnt this new engine offer a gazillion other services that i can access with the same account ? 
  why isnt this new search engine as good as an established engine that has been milking billions of people for data for a decade now ? 
  its extreme hard to get into this market . 
  as a matter of fact , us companies cant manage to get into this market either . 
  by your logic , the entire silicon valley is incompetent . 
  after all , none of them can build a competitor for google either . 
  even microsoft has a very hard time and might never succeed with their search . 
  if google would leave the eu market , its various small competitors would get a huge boost . 
  personally , i wouldnt lose anything . 
  the only google service that is even slightly relevant is their search . 
  and there are in fact alternatives to it . 
  even if that means using bing while new alternatives are build . 
  i cant think of a single google product or service that is even close to being irreplaceable . 
   but than it wants to tear down shit like google because ... what ? 
  it did n't put in the work needed to really compete with them ? 
  because monopolies are very , very bad for an economy . 
  if you wouldnt be as ignorant , you would accept this very basic knowledge . 
  especially because search engines are very momentum based . 
  googles engine is as good as it is because it has so many users . 
  search engines and social networks have a natural intertia that makes it incredibly hard for competitors to beat the existing monopoly . 
  the first one to get big will stay big . 
  this is different from other economic sectors and requires special attention by the regulators because of it . 
  its completely ridiculous to argue that europe should accept absurd monopolies just because we dont invest as much into tech . 
  women are the limiting factor for reproduction . 
  a man can father a hundred children per year . 
  even if she is very focused on having children , a woman can at best get pregnant once a year . 
   the us still holds the record for most civilians killed by terrorists , i think . 
  what ?
