  nobody will take poland seriously as long as you embarass yourself like that . 
  this childish crap prevents a proper solution rather than accelerating it . 
   sometimes it turns out decisions were wrong and it should be possible to change them . 
  bring the topic up again and have a new vote . 
  thats how you properly change decisions . 
  ignoring decisions simply leads to corruption and weakens the eu as a whole . 
  that cant be in polands interest . 
  it also means you cant even stand by the decisions of your own country . 
  you literally behave like anarchists , no rules , your own words means nothing . 
  everything is decided by whims and feelings . 
  interesting , wondering why this is legal with the sanctions and everything . 
  i dont think so . 
  its easy to talk shit when you face only a microphone or a domestic audience . 
  i doubt he would have the guts to insult g20 leaders to their face even if he could . 
  no it would mean a single eu state and a bunch of efta members . 
  i wouldnt rule it out that trump and erdogan are morons . 
  erdogan is kinda unlikely , but i dont think he is well educated . 
  for all we know playing politics just comes natural to him and he is dumb as a brick otherwise . 
  putin is the same as erdogan , but seems smarter overall . 
  maybe just because he isnt as noisy . 
  trump is just straight up uneducated and probably has alzheimer or some sort of dementia . 
  without his rich father , he 'd be a failure selling used cars . 
  these people have rights too . 
  you cant shoot people randomly , even if they are commiting crimes . 
  and the argument that people would freak out of muslims would do these things says more about the hypocrisy in our society than the failure of the police . 
  people and groups you oppose have the same rights that you have you know . 
  a lot of regular left wing people that just want to show that they oppose the capitalism or w/e the g20 represents in their eyes . 
  and of course a lot of violent anarchists and random scum that takes over the protest . 
  first one that takes the highway dies , the rest tries the bridge and survives . 
   no , we literally do n't have another option . 
  tell us how we are supposed to close ports without violence . 
  if a ship enters the port without permission , the crew will be arrested and the ship confiscated until they pay the fines . 
  you dont need guns if you have bureacracy . 
   the only option italy has to `` close the ports '' its to shoot boats down . 
  no , why would that happen ? 
  the ship is told that its now allowed to enter the port . 
  what are they going to do ? 
  if they force their way into the port , the entire crew will end up in prison . 
  that would also solve the issue sooner or later . 
  i guess if you want to get technical , yes you dont use vat in most states . 
  instead you use this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sales_taxes_in_the_united_states which , lets be real , is pretty close in function to vat , even though it might be calculated differently as far as accounting goes . 
  this could also establish made in eu as a quality brand worldwide . 
  also an opportunity to market this as some sort of ecological achievement , saving ressources by building stuff to last , etc. 
  its not all negative . 
  most , if not all , us states also use vat in some form . 
  its a perception index , its interesting from a social point of view , but utterly worthless to asses actual threat . 
  dont worry about it . 
  though i do find it amusing that the super safe and muslim free poland somehow ranks fairly low . 
  you 'd think they would feel safer with so few foreigners around ? 
  i mean thats the argument they use themselves . 
  is this his speech ? 
  because its full of shit and he has basically personally betrayed most of the things he glorifies here . 
  i mean its not even a competition . 
  if not merkel , people would probably look to macron because he has solid pr right now . 
  all things considered , trump would probably behind xi or w/e the chinese president is called . 
  eastern europe is just talking shit . 
  none of them will leave the eu , they depend on eu money and market access . 
  and they know it too , they are just blowing off steam with some random populism to make themselves feel better . 
  the dog that barks wont bite . 
  god i hate people like you . 
  you have no interest whatsoever in a discussion . 
  you only want to push your agenda . 
  are you going to reply to every single post that doesnt yes man your bullshit ? 
  people like you are the reason reddit can be really worthless . 
  go harass somebody else , zealot . 
   german government wo n't punish it . 
  this deal is legal . 
  the german goverment couldnt punish it if it wanted to . 
  also : siemens didnt sell the equipment to crimea . 
  russia bought these items for a facility in russia , then shipped them to crimea . 
  i have no reason to believe siemens was aware of that . 
  if only because siemens wasnt particulary interested to know what would happen to their merchandise after selling it . 
  oh please , companies have a single purpose : to make money . 
  everything else is either a lie or pr to help the company make more money . 
  the companies in your country arent any different . 
  dont get me wrong , i absolutely dont mind nailing companies to a cross if they break laws and regulating the hell out of them if need be . 
  but you cant blame a company for trying to make money . 
  the reputation that siemens will deliver your goods , regardless of politics and will even find a way to circumvent sanctions ? 
  oh boy their customers must be so pissed . 
   it is something that i can not understand . 
  nothing strange if someone does n't accept homosexual activities personally ( i.e. 
  someone does n't want to do something homosexual ) , but why they reject it to other persons ? 
  moralizing . 
  if you dont like something , it is bad . 
  not only should you stay away , everybody else must stay away from it too . 
  everybody that doesnt is clearly evil and a terrible person . 
  moralizing happens everywhere , but should be a lot more wide spread in religious societies because its the base for most religions . 
  populists pushing for a religious one party state by playing the religion card over and over . 
  there are no fines for breaking maastricht . 
  the eu wasnt happy and send a lot of strongly worded letters , thats about it . 
  i dont think there was much more that could be done about it . 
  at the end of the day , germany did push through harsh reforms to fix the issue . 
  but yes i agree that the eu should be more invested and get more tools to enforce its own rules and regulations . 
  thats one of these questions thats utterly pointless . 
  what does it mean that society should not `` accept '' homosexuality ? 
  nobody gives a damn if somebody is uncomfortable in dealing with homosexual individuals . 
  opinions are just that . 
  but `` not accepting '' covers anything from minor discomfort to putting them all into the oven . 
  so its everybody for themselves ? 
  no rules matter at all , everybody does exclusively whats best for them .
