  countries that have a permanent deposit can do whatever the hell they want . 
  but nuclear power doesnt make sense for germany , not economically and not ecologically . 
  fuck historical responsibility . 
  i really dont mind a binding treaty on this with an enforcement mechanism and carbon taxes . 
  but i dont give a shit if the uk started the industrialization and carbon emissions . 
  you cant seriously make people pay for what random people that lived in the same region a hundred years ago did . 
  moral superiority will get you nowhere . 
  i dont want this kind of shit in europe , but its a law in iran . 
  the airlines should try to negotiate an exemption for international airports , but if they cant they have to follow the laws . 
  they are expected to do so . 
  and if they dont they get punished for it like everybody else . 
  if anything its our fault for not punishing people for violating laws . 
  what if they hire a muslim woman and she doesnt want to wear a veil ? 
   not a single muslim would remove their headscarf when coming to europe , why must we comply ? 
  because we dont have laws against headscarfs . 
  we do have laws against certain types of veils like burqas in some countries though . 
   funny how some comments seem to just say `` it 's the law of the country , a veil is no big deal , ca n't they just comply and shut up ? '', 
  because thats how it is . 
  it was the same for the western oil engineer that got caught with alcohol in saudi arabia . 
  he got punished for it and it was perfectly fine for the court to do so . 
  if you dont want to live by medieval rules , dont live in a medieval country . 
  air france had to act like they did , allow their personel not to work on this route . 
  nothing , every illegal that makes it to europe means turkey can get rid of a syrian . 
  its actually quite a useful tool for erdogan . 
  if some eu bigwig talks a little bit too much about freedom of press or human rights , they open the floodgates and have a good laugh . 
  there is a `` political west '' which is not just europe , you could argue its ultimately mostly the us plus whatever european nations kiss their ass particulary fervently at the moment . 
  you just build a strawman interpretation to make yourself look good . 
  though the article is mostly pointless anyway . 
  the story was covered by the media in europe , at least in germany . 
  its just not very important news , just one little step to drive daesh back . 
   they are not supposed to be integrated or assimilated into the society thats where you are wrong . 
  actually not just wrong , that attitude is very dangerous . 
  we know that syria wont be stable again any time soon . 
  the iraq isnt stable despite being `` liberated '' over 10 years ago . 
  we will not be able to deport these people , we have to accept that . 
  germany made this mistake in the past , surely the guest workers from turkey would eventually leave , right ? 
  these `` guest workers '' are the reason why we have a massive integration problem in germany right now . 
  we can not repeat this mistake . 
  every syrian ( and most refugees in general ) we take right now is all but guaranteed to get citizenship . 
  everything we do has to be based on this assumption . 
  you dont have to like it and i certainly dont like giving freeloaders citizenship . 
  but thats whats going to happen . 
  what is there to be desperate about ? 
  you got a free ticket out of your wartorn shithole country and you get to live in one of the safest areas of the world ? 
  being bored doesnt qualify you for life shaking desperation . 
  its perfectly reasonable for them to try this . 
  just like its perfectly reasonable for czech and germany to prevent this . 
  so its a conflict between a goverment and a poor family dependant on others . 
  guess who wins ? 
   you know full well there is never `` enough reforms '' being carried out from the neoliberal 's point of view . 
  it is an `` ever lasting christmas wish-list '' ; take a look at greece , its people are dying , this is a humanitarian crisis right there . 
  greece knew what they signed up for by taking imf money . 
  the imf is quite notorious for their sometimes extreme neoliberal agenda . 
  its too late for that . 
  we have minorities that are big enough to prevent proper integration in quite a few eu countries . 
  for example any muslim in germany or france that doesnt want to integrate wont have to . 
  there are millions of other muslims around , too much of which are perfectly happy to live in a parallel society . 
  sure some people , including muslims , that come here do want to integrate and do so silently . 
  but the problem is that there is no external pressure to do so . 
  well as far as i know , there are some indicators that genders are a lot more fluid than previously though . 
  that its not 2 completely seperate dots , but rather a scale from feminine to masculine . 
  i mean you probably know women that dress in a somewhat masculine way and men that dress in a somewhat feminine way . 
  or more likely people that are perceived as doing so . 
  usually these people just dress the way they want and dont bother with gender identity crap . 
  some people appareantly do and well , things get blown out of proportion i guess . 
  trump is just a populist . 
  germany has more than enough of those . 
  i am pretty sure that the us running amok in the middle east ended up producing more terrorists than it killed . 
  isis for example got big in iraq , fightting the us . 
  and then there is the issue of killing tens of thousands of people and causing wars that will kill several hundred thousand more and displace millions to avenge 3k people . 
  afaik the us lost more soldiers during their adventures than people at 9/11 too . 
  its basically a classic cycle of revenge rather than an objective course of action to solve a problem . 
  well assuming the headline translation is correct , its either safe enough or this family is going for some sort of ritual suicide . 
  evidently it is . 
  i think merkels backround is physics , could be wrong tho . 
  and if greek politicians were able to weasel out of a grexit despite being elected basically for the sole reason of going through with it . 
  do you really think politicians in other nations with less internal pressure will lead their nation out of the euro ? 
  greece didnt have the balls to get out after electing a goverment that promised to do so . 
  greece gets screwed over more than anybody else , yet they stay . 
  if they didnt get out , nobody else will . 
   pis is probably the best governing party in modern europe for the radical proposition that americans must treat europeans as equals . 
  which doesnt work while you are begging for more military support . 
  in fact if a party wants their nation or europe as a whole to be seen as equals they should argue for less us soldiers in europe . 
  after all the us dont host any foreign military bases i am aware of . 
  i would turn adblock off if its a site that is important to me or that i use a lot . 
  for example : i disable adblock for selected streamers on twitch that i enjoy watching . 
  admitedly , i havent disabled adblock for any other website so far . 
  basically : i 'd disable it for websites that i would be willing to pay for i guess . 
  websites that i really want to be successful or at least be there tomorrow . 
  imo there is no point in supporting mediocre or trivial websites i use solely for convenience if i can just switch to the next one at any time without losing anything . 
  its surprisingly well made . 
  basically feels like a rammstein song/video most of the time . 
   itt : people saying how modern germans are with money and that cards are accepted everywhere . 
  but cards are accepted everywhere . 
  the supermarket in my city is frequented a lot by students , and the cashiers dont give a damn if you pay your 89 cent drink with an ec card . 
  ec cards are functionally the same as credit cards in germany and are accepted basically everywhere . 
  i know people that havent had more than 20 euro in cash for years . 
  there is simply no need for credit cards . 
  dont be naive , you have paid for these points one way or another . 
  universities and students are actually always a bit `` radical '' .
