   political decision in what sense ? 
  german law says explicitly that every person entering germany from a safe 3rd country doesnt have any right to asylum . 
  yet they are given asylum for political reasons . 
  part of it is not having greece drown in millions of migrants , part of it is merkels policy of taking an unlimited amount of migrants . 
  we could completely deny asylum to all of these people , and it would be perfectly legal for us to do so . 
  and the surprisingly negative expectations of the germans show that even some of the pro migrant people dont have any illusions . 
  so , anybody taking bets how much migrants we 'll get in 2016 ? 
  everbody currently participating in some sort of course paid by the jobcenter isnt considered unemployed , despite the fact that they objectively are . 
  there are other exceptions as well . 
  the statistic is a decent tool to give a trend , but its terrible for getting absolute numbers . 
  more or less , there is also a slight problem with unskilled labor and outright bad jobs . 
  for example : few people want to be a baker or a hairdresser , because that means a life of minimum wage work and in case of the baker , terrible working hours . 
  but this is mostly reward problem . 
  companies dont pay the kind of money that would make these jobs acceptable . 
  a lot of people that come for economic reasons are given refugee status . 
  its simply not possible to actually reach germany while being a refugee . 
  austria and all of our other neighbours are perfectly save and everybody that moves through these countries isnt a refugee . 
  it is a purely political decision to accept these people and grant them asylum . 
  it makes sense to a certain degree , we cant leave our neighbours to deal with all of them . 
  but that doesnt change the fact that every person leaving a save country isnt a refugee anymore , but an economic migrant looking for money . 
  so what you are saying is that worker rights in general are bad because they make things complicated and expensive ? 
  really ? 
  so when did russia claim crimea ? 
  when did crimea formaly join the russian federation ? 
  because russia is perfectly fine with letting crimea rot between 2 nations as long as it makes the ukraine look bad . 
  again , putin didnt want to add a few square kilometers to russia , he wanted to destabilize the ukraine to prevent it from joining the nato and make it look bad . 
  it worked , mostly , and putin has very little reason to do anything else . 
  russia isnt really at war in a western sense of conquering territory . 
  russia wants to destabilize the ukraine as a buffer , not march on warsaw . 
  that cant be true . 
  you cant have both not enough soldiers and impossible chances for even fit people to make it through the tests . 
  if anything this points towards either candidates lying to themselves or a terrible recruitment system . 
  i was talking about integration for those that will stay in germany . 
  it doesnt matter why they stay or whats the exact legal process . 
  all that matter is that those that will stay for whatever reason are integrated properly so we avoid having even more muslim gettos than we already have . 
  chances are this wont work and we will get more gettos , but we should try anyway . 
  shooting yourself in the foot out of solidarity for the 90 % doesnt make for a happy new year though . 
  i mean if you get beaten to shit on the street , does that really make you happy because it only happened once , rather than every day ? 
  i am sorry , but have you ever lived in germany ? 
  it doesnt seem like you did . 
  so i 'll make it short : germany is too politically correct to deport any meaningful amount of migrants . 
  the great majority of the migrants in germany will stay in germany . 
  this is why i was against any mass migration from the start , because there is no way out for us . 
  but seeing how its now too late and german culture wont change overnight to allow mass deportations in a few years , we need to fix this shit . 
  this means integrating these migrants as good as possible . 
  even the most racist shitheads have to accept that this is the best * realistic * option for germany . 
  i would personally prefer to make asylum temporary , dont allow refugees naturalization no matter what and deport them in a few years , but its not going to happen . 
  integration is the only way . 
  it is actually a good idea . 
  i would personally not do it and i do not expect anybody to do it , but its probably one of the most effective ways of integrating people . 
  though this is obviously a biased article by an un org to push their agenda , this actually happens only very rarely . 
  nobody will launch nukes , even if russia would try a slow invasion like they did in the ukraine in a nato nation . 
  yeah , you 'd like that . 
  but turkey isnt out of the race yet . 
  thats the realistic prediction . 
  europe lacks the unity and its politicians lack the political will to work on reforms that benefit us just for that reason . 
  the only way to get things done is external pressure . 
  otherwise politicians will still be bickering over ridiculous issues for years . 
  its not nice and somewhat scary from a democratic point of view , but thats how it works if your political class is afraid and uses the eu for their own benefit . 
   we live in 2016 , you are the naive one to think so locally . 
  everything is connected nowadays . 
  no he isnt . 
  the people that killed others in paris were europeans . 
  it doesnt matter at all what happens in syria . 
  what does matter is why the citizens of wealthy european nations can become terrorists without anybody noticing . 
  this terrorist attack was a sympton of a social problem right here in europe , not a symptom of insufficient bombing of muslims thousands of kilometers away . 
   there is no effective migration policy in the current political climate . 
  what are you going to do ? 
  sink the boats and let the people drown ? 
  round them up and send them back to the warzone ? 
  build camps on the borders for close to 20 million people ? 
  its not about pretending that things dont affect us . 
  its about realizing that we cant safe the world and that every time we tried to `` stabilize '' a nation by invading it we didnt stabilize shit . 
  its completely ridiculous that we even consider sending troops to syria despite the fact that doing this hasnt worked at all the last 3 times we tried . 
  you cant fail at doing the same thing over and over just because if you somehow manage to do it perfectly it might actually work . 
  and it is possible to stop migration . 
  not by force , but by taking away the reasons for it and communicating it properly . 
  dont you wonder why such a large part of the refugees goes to germany or sweden ? 
  its almost like a lot of european nations are somehow not as attractive . 
  its almost like those migrants dont randomly go to europe for safety , but have some very specific expectations about their host countries . 
  take those away and the migrant stream will dry out . 
  the is is not a threat to us . 
  once we get rid of them , some other org will take in the random terrorists . 
  all we need to do is to destroy their large scale infrastructure so they go back to being a random group of morons again . 
  but just like `` destroying '' al quaeda wasnt the end of terrorism , destroying isis wont be the end of terrorism either . 
  and i see no reason to constantly fight shadows . 
  iraq , afghanistan and lybia didnt work either . 
  syria isnt out problem . 
  our problem is getting our border under control and making sure we have an effective migration policy . 
  we should work with nations that are somewhat stable and help them to remain stable . 
  fighting wars for others isnt going to work . 
  indians didnt see the bad effects of his work , but they did notice that he trashed most of europe within a few years . 
  afaik he is perceived as effective or efficient . 
  you cant cry about a `` lack of unified direction '' and then cry about the direction just because its your side that gets cut . 
  i would prefer a reasonable uk that stays . 
  but i dont see the uk becoming a reasonable eu memnber any time soon . 
  so lets see if you stay . 
  on the plus side , a brexit will at least be a step towards fixing the direction problem . 
  isnt this already the case in the us though ? 
  just curious .
