  non competing clauses exist already . 
  it would be fairly easy to set up a similar system for high ranked politicians that forces them to stay away from certain types of work or even paid work in general for a long time after they leave office . 
  a lot of these people are also hired not for their `` expertise '' , but for their personal network . 
  people made those fancy signs for a couple of weeks . 
  then they got the numbers and noticed how these people have to live in germany and suddenly werent quite as optimistic anymore . 
  there were even reports about burnout and frustration from volunteers that helped refugees because there were simply too many . 
  you might have noticed that it took only about 2 months at most after merkels `` invitation '' before public opinion started to turn around . 
  a competent head of goverment would have known that this would happen and wouldnt have allowed the situation to deteriorate like that . 
  hell i and quite a few others even here on reddit said that this would happen . 
  because it was incredibly obvious . 
  even if you want to help refugees , the best way of helping them is to make sure integration is seamless . 
  that works a lot better with low numbers . 
   how would you even `` close our border '' ? 
  almost impossible task . 
  and most people do n't want it . 
  well the significantly poorer balkan nations somehow managed to do it . 
  its not like you close the border for everybody , just for refugees . 
  and last time i checked most people didnt want a million refugees and certainly dont want any more . 
  so preventing more refugees from coming to germany shouldnt be too hard to sell . 
  you dont want to wake up in the middle of a war and find a notice that your tank got dragged to some municipality depot in romania because your name plate was missing . 
   contrary to how many might interpret this headline , she meant we should have worked on a solution earlier , not let less people in . 
  we should have done both , and it was merkel herself that prevented a european solution as she refused to limit migration when everybody else already had enough . 
  - she failed to do her job in the last 5 years . 
  - she failed to make the right call that would reflect her previous failure ( dont open the border if germany has close to 200.000 unprocessed refugee application before this crisis ) - she failed to fix her mistake and close the border ( the balcan had to do that for her , and she had the audacity to protest it ) - to top it all of , now tries to deflect blame by saying `` germany '' and the eu made mistakes . 
  well , most of that is on her . 
  the military should just be sensible people and buy non sensical giant screens and imacs for every tiny shit office like * everybody else * . 
  at least this way somebody can have some fun with the pointlessly spend money . 
  that site is full of empty phrases and unsupported claims . 
  its also burried on some eu portal that i have never seen anybody mention , though i ahve seen it a few times myself . 
   support for ** a ** new free trade agreement thats not support for ttip in particular . 
  they even say ttip is proposed to be this agreement , but its not the only or last option for a free trade agreement . 
  alright , but dont you still think its utimately the responsibility of every society to fight autocrats like erdogan on their own ? 
  who else would be responsible ? 
  its not like dictators and autocrats are an unstoppable force of nature . 
  well i guess some of the politicians that negotiated these deals will get quite * decent * positions in apple financed lobby organizations in the future . 
   rather erdogan , not turkey . 
  oh but thats not how it works . 
  the beauty of a democracy is that the population cant really blame anybody but themselves for the actions of their elected goverment . 
  yes erdogan did manipulate things a bit . 
  but lets not forget that he got 40 % + during the first and supposedly more legimtimate election as well . 
  so yes , turkey has the goverment and the president they deserve . 
  there is no excuse . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  he operates under the assumption that apple will never pay full taxes . 
  the idea is that every other nation also offers companies this kind of deal . 
  the deal was made not with a 13b loss in mind , but with a xx million gain . 
  the politicians basically bend over to the companies and let them have their way . 
  this is why we need to eu for these matters : to prevent multinational companies from putting nations against eachother in a race to the bottom . 
  this is one of the few areas where the eu actually wields power and can do a lot of good . 
  most eu coutries on their own are too weak or too involved to put mega corporations on a leash . 
  even german politicians know better than to mess with our car industry for the most part . 
  its simple : apply might only pay minimal taxes in ireland , but thats still money . 
  he is afraid apple will find a better deal now . 
  basically : he is afraid that another eu country makes apples an offer like ireland did and that it will last long enough for apple to pack up and move there . 
  but the eu has a lot more weight than you think . 
  at the end of the day , the eu market is one of the 2 ( or 3 ? ), 
  largest markets in the world . 
  no truly international tech company can afford to simply not offer their products here . 
  this is why the eu has a ton of leverage and can put even us corporations on the leash if it wants to . 
  i wouldnt underestimate the eu in this regard . 
  its impotent because it often lacks political will and is vulnerable to lobbying . 
  but as far as economics goes the eu is a superpower and doesnt have to hide from anybody , including the us . 
  the point is that this isnt a one time affair . 
  this will ( hopefully ) permanently increase the taxes apple has to pay which will be good for the eu , though perhaps not so good for ireland . 
  they need facilities in the eu to run their business here . 
  if they get screwed by this they will simply have to start paying actual taxes or find new loopholes . 
   german soldiers being there actually gives a little political pull . 
  not really , erdogan thinks he is untouchable at the moment , and chances are he is correct . 
  so let them do their thing . 
  turkey wont listen to anybody when it comes down to important things . 
  let erdogan have his fun , if he stays in office he will most likely find his own slippery slope and turn the country to shit sooner or later . 
  let the turks learn it the hard way what it means to elect a wannabe sultan . 
  its much better for the eu anyway to not rely on the whims of an egomaniac . 
  we should take care of problems that concern us on our end . 
  afaik the original plan was to get it done without national parliaments . 
  this was only changed recently when politicians came out and demanded national decisions on ttip rather than have the eu parliament alone vote on it . 
  chances are this only happened because of political pressure . 
  which , again , is exclusively the failure of the politicians . 
  its their job to explain things . 
  if they cant do that , they dont get to cry about uneducated people . 
  well the solution is simple : scrap the whole project and send the soldiers back to germany . 
  turkey obviously doesnt want them . 
  it has nothing to do with wealth or education how positive diversity ends up being . 
  the only thing that matters is the motivation of the migrants for moving to a country . 
  if they are poor and uneducated , but want to change that and get shit done and build a life for themselves , they will most likely work out and contribute . 
  its not even a problem if the host country pays for said education . 
  after all education is typically a good investment and a motivated person making use of it will ultimately pay the bills for their own education later on . 
  the difference is the number of immigrants , nothing more . 
  the law in germany when it comes to guardianship and family is actually pretty fucked up and discriminates fathers quite heavily . 
  so its pretty nice that things are getting fixed . 
  `` open borders '' are part of the eu . 
  i would actually like to get more brexit style referendums in the eu , i really dont want to stop anybody from getting out if they feel like the eu isnt worth it for them . 
  i would personally vote to stay of course , but i would be perfectly fine with countries leaving after a referendum . 
  it should be their own choice after all . 
  its actually the other way around . 
  i am making him aware of the idiocy of his post by showing that a significant majority of the countries in question doesnt share his opinion , and for a good reason . 
  i am actually a quite democratic person . 
  say : i think the brexit is hilariously stupid , but i hope they actually go through with it as going back on it would be really unhealthy for a democracy . 
  and the economy is significantly more important . 
  erdogan got where he is because he gets credited with turkeys economic ascension in the last decade .
