  assimilation is very much a thing and you cant just pretent its impossible and never happens . 
  so do you know his friends and colleagues ? 
  because he didnt talk about society as a whole , just the people he interacts with . 
  but i guess you are clairvoyant or something . 
  people want new white cars that look `` fresh '' . 
  nobody wants a 10 year old white sedan . 
  they switched ( afaik ) because white cars dont sell . 
  police cars are resold after a while , so they use silver cars with blue foil . 
  remove the foil and you have a silver car that sells well rather than a white car that doesnt . 
  the point is not what kind of state the us ally with . 
  the point is that they dont like instability . 
  the us would probably ( behind closed doors ) dislike a democratic revolution in sa just as much as a slow democratic takeover in poland . 
   and that 's what i said in the beginning , the argument for ttip is that the consensus in economics is that free trade is a good thing . 
  free trade is an empty term that can mean a million different things , many of which are very bad . 
  its in the details whether or not a particular free trade agreement is beneficial to one or both sides . 
  these details are the problem and your attempt to brush over them by saying ttip = free trade = must be good no matter what is naive and honestly , quite undemocratic . 
   you think i 'm kidding ? 
  just ask a marxist if you have the right to keep your culture , they will answer : `` oh you mean that culture with which you genocided africa ? 
  yea let 's celebrate western culture !, 
  s / '' can you show me a single person like that with even the slightest bit of actual influence ? 
  and no blogs and philosophy students dont count . 
   i hope this explains why there is no burden of proof in practice in politics . 
  i think you dont get it . 
  if a politician proposes a law , a treaty or a project of any kind , they have to have arguments for it . 
  thats a simple fact and an essential part of our democratic system . 
  if their arguments are bad , chances are their project will fail . 
  if only because of simple checks and balances and parliaments refusing to follow a politician blindly . 
  you can all it burden of proof or whatever . 
  it doesnt change the fact that this is how it works . 
  if the dutch goverment is unable to come up with convincing arguments for ttip , they dont get to cry about the uneducated rabble not understanding ttip . 
  its their job to make their voters understand , the people have no obligation to follow a politician blindly . 
   edit : also , there is no burden of proof in politics . 
  if you cant properly explain why a project is good , you dont get to cry about stupid people voting against it in a referendum . 
  thats not the general consensus ahahaha . 
  there is no such thing as free trade anywhere in the world . 
  free trade is a strawmen used by the dominant party in negotiations to pressure others into giving them market access . 
  no nation , not even the us actually want free trade . 
  and even if you are right : the burden of proof lies with the side proposing a treaty . 
  the argument that people dont care doesnt count . 
  more people cared to prevent it than to help getting it done . 
  everybody had the same chance . 
  people that dont use their chance to influence policies dont get to cry about the results of such a referendum . 
  its a politicians job to explain why ttip is so great and why we should sign it . 
  too bad most politicians dont understand it either and just fight for it because the lobbyist told them to . 
  our navy isnt that bad . 
  we have a lot of support vessels , mine sweepers and very good short range subs . 
  nothing to wage war abroad , but good equipment to defend the north/east sea . 
  dude this isnt a russian court . 
  people can actually be found not guilty . 
  in fact , this could establish a precedent that this kind of satire is in fact allowed . 
   yeah sure , how does it feel to know that your tax money funded this film ? 
  mildly annoyed . 
  but i also know for a fact that there are dozens , maybe hundreds of thousands of worse things paid for with my tax money . 
  shit happens i guess . 
   but wealth is not the only factor of life quality . 
  yeah a proper democratic system also helps . 
  how is your constitutional court doing ? 
  they have allowed themselves to be fooled by the media . 
  you always have options , if only voting for another party . 
  i am pretty sure there are some parties in sweden that are against migration , even if they are fringe parties . 
  germany isnt nearly as fucked as sweden . 
  and lets be honest : with a million of `` refugees '' , germany is still much more wealthy than poland and still a very nice place to live . 
  i mean your politicians are just as moronic as ours , they simply fuck up other things . 
  sure why not ? 
  it would most likely apply to all of those to make sure muslims cant sue for discrimination or something likt that . 
   now you 're comparing apple to oranges . 
  christianity to islam , to be more precise . 
  at the end of the day , all it takes is a law and the will to enforce it . 
  if you justify your post with saying you wrote a masters thesis about the topic , cite it or gtfo . 
  if you arent willing to put your thesis up , dont mention it . 
  it has no value . 
  they dont have to . 
  they just finance the radicalisation of muslims in europe and have those guys do it for them . 
  thats much more convenient . 
   just as fundamentalist as the saudis . 
   control 10 mb/d of oil production . 
  so imagine isis with oil . 
  the saudis are isis with oil . 
  okay then , please give some examples of what isis like groups would do that is `` a whole lot worse '' than what the saudis are doing right now . 
  because you know , isis basically uses the same islamic laws that sa does . 
  they just arent as rich or smart about their foreign policies . 
  so if the fundamentalist muslims that finance terrorism and radical islam get overthrown , things will magically get worse ? 
  how ? 
  i mean `` islamist chaos '' isnt good for business which means less money to fianance terrorists and radicals . 
  motivation wont change much either , the saudis already support terrorism . 
  they talk like that now . 
  i 'd assume their opinion on isis was a lot more favourable ~ 2 years ago when they were expanding . 
  its easy to be against something if it already fails . 
  yeah right , amazon will just cease all of their business operations within europe . 
  didnt want that market anyway ? 
  ahahahahahahahah no . 
   that 's a full time job . 
  well the job of politicians is to explain why a certain pet project of theirs is good . 
  all i see is incompetent politicians that couldnt do their damn job offloading responsibility . 
  perhaps junker should have explained why exactly this treaty would be so great for the dutch . 
  oh wait he is an incompetent and possibly corrupt slimeball that nobody trust . 
  well shit . 
  the general population gets to have an opinion on everything . 
  its up to the politicians to properly explain why a certain project is good or bad . 
  if the politicians are unable to do so , or are considered corrupt and untrustworthy to the point where every word they say is considered a lie , its no the populations fault .
