  there were cases of migrants wanteing to get the hell out of countries in europe that are actually more wealthy than germany , luxemburg had such a case i think . 
  also : a lot of the calais gang probably just want to reach the uk because they thought they get more money there . 
  which afaik simply isnt true . 
  these people are morons and are grasping at straws , its only natural that countries that pop up in the news more often are a more prestigious target . 
  its not an insult to your country . 
  and even if it were , why would you care about being insulted by morons ? 
  it simply shows their ignorance and how pathetic these people are . 
  that 's an alleged piece of information that came from the far right groups . 
      read the article . 
  i wasnt reffering to the article at all . 
  these guys are probably just racist morons anyway . 
  but its simple logic that improving the chances of success for the smugglers will lead to more smuggling . 
  if the chances of winning the lottery would be 1 to 10 rather than 1 to 10 million ( or w/e ) , more people would buy a ticket . 
  thats what smuggling is is to these migrants , a lethal lottery for a better life . 
  you can seriously contenst this point . 
  the article also says that the activity of ngo improves the chances of success for the smugglers and therefore encourages smuggling . 
  i dont think you can even argue against that . 
   they 're not policing , they 're planning on recording and collecting other evidence . 
  says who ? 
  the article certainly doesnt . 
  stop making shit up . 
  how do you expect they will `` force ngo ships to change course '' ? 
  by asking nicely ? 
  this will either be utterly useless or very , very messy . 
  it doesnt just magically `` work for far right parties '' . 
  it works because stupid people make it work . 
  now , i would prefer they would be more reasonable and see that its not worth leaving the eu over 7000 muslim migrants , but that their problem . 
  so let them have it . 
  let poland become a one party state under pis . 
  people wont learn their lessons until they feel the consequences of their own decisions . 
  maybe people in poland need to feel the boots of a regime in their face again to learn their lesson . 
  i hope poland figures it out and stops this power grab , but if not , they deserve whatever happens to them . 
  at any rate , the eu wont mind welcoming well educated poles that are tired of seing how their country goes to shit . 
  and this time poland will be on our side too . 
  the actual policies dont even matter anymore . 
  poland could have played it smart like so many other eu countries and accept the distribution scheme . 
  well in fact , they did . 
  except then the polish population went fucking crazy and panicked , electing these pis guys . 
  meanwhile most other eu members also agreed , and didnt get any refugees at all . 
  partially for the reason you mention . 
  they just kept their mouth shut about it and were totaly fine . 
  it was pure paranoia that drove people to vote pis in retaliation for the old goverment agreeing to the quota . 
  it didnt change anything , except for setting pis up for one party rule . 
  stop falling for right wing lies about the end times because of one stupid policy . 
  europe has a ton of problems , a million brown people with a backwater religion is pretty far down the list . 
  what is the eu supposed to do ? 
  send the tanks ? 
  no condemnation of this will change anything . 
  hell if the eu went all in and condemned this heavily , it would probably increase support for pis . 
  the eu will probably say * something * about this . 
  but at the end of the day , its up to poland to stop this . 
  of course , but thats about as effective as abstinence only sex education . 
  and lets not talk about that , if you throw out traditions , alcohol is much worse than quite a few illegal drugs and should by all means be illegal too if we were to implement an actual zero tolerance policy . 
  well from a logical point of view , it would make sense to decriminalize drugs that dont kill you if used properly , but can kill you if used improperly . 
  stuff isnt going to kill much people , but you might save some people that wont have to hide their drug use anymore and can maybe even ask for help more openly . 
  pretty sure they use old tanks and outdated tactics . 
  modern tanks are fairly durable and dont pop like a bubble whenever somebody farts a rocket into their general direction . 
  this also isnt about wars against cave terrorists . 
  most nations in europe have tanks to deal with russian tanks . 
   i can understand the geopolitics reason for tory 's and other eu politicians lapping up to saudis but it 's frustrating for those in saudi arabia 's sphere of influence . 
  which is especially hilarious if you consider that the most of europe and the us are basically in saudi arabia 's sphere of influence . 
  perhaps not to the degree of somalia . 
  but the saudis are financing religious nutjobs that preach wahabism and salafism in europe . 
  at the end of the day its not geopolitics that cement our `` alliance '' with the saudis . 
  its the desire of conservative parties to maintain security pressure on their own societies to justify powergrabs . 
  it might not always be intentional and some of the goverments in question are just useful idiots to `` advisors '' and their friends from saudi arabia . 
  but its certainly a threat to our societies , a much greater one than terrorism . 
   is that your bar for refugees ? 
  only girls that experienced genital mutilation , no one else ? 
  technically speaking , these girls would have a solid claim to actual asylum ( rather than subsidiary protection ) if they justify their application by being forced into this procedure by their parents and society . 
  more solid than most of the people we take in anyway . 
  oh please , your pathetic virtue signaling just makes you look like an idiot . 
  what is there to support ? 
  afaik there is no absolute proof that the russians shot down the plane . 
  now its likely that the plane was shot down by russian hardware , but not proven . 
  even if we could prove it , its extremely unlikely that the plane was shot down intentionally . 
  nobody has anything to gain from doing so , not the ukraine , not russia . 
  its easy to talk shit , but at the end of the day , everybody cares about themselves first . 
  this includes your beloved us and australia . 
  and the ukraine itself . 
   makes it all the more disapointing that they 're worth their salt unlike those much closer , does n't it . 
  no it just means they have nothing to lose . 
  they have no relevant connections to russia , not much trade , etc. 
  its easy to support one country against another if it makes no difference for yourself either way . 
   it was still under obama 's term . 
  but hej , at least the americans do n't appoint their former president as chairman of a pipeline meant to deprive ukraine of gas and increase prices for poland . 
  who granted the ukraine a god given right to this pipeline and its fees ? 
  and its not like `` germany '' had much to say about what schroeder does with his life . 
  if it makes you feel better , he is seen as a sellout and borderline traitor by many for this . 
  people that want to execute criminals also destroy our way of life . 
  luckily for you i wont insist on having you executed . 
  because the ukraine was trying to play both sides . 
  there is no point in even considering nato membership for a country that takes money from russia anyway . 
  countries like poland or the baltics are safe now because they didnt try this shit and aligned west much earlier , and actually cut their ties with russia . 
  on the borders of the eu and nato . 
  the ukraine got screwed because they sucked up to russia for so long that nobody in the west cared about them . 
  if they had tried to align west earlier , they wouldnt be in this mess . 
  russia cant start an open war with anybody . 
  even against the ukraine that is not part of the european system , they have to hide behind proxies . 
  that doesnt mean russia is harmless , but the only nations that have to fear them are those that have a direct border and no western allies .
