  we know that these risk evaluations arent worth much , incorrect evaluations were ultimately the reason for the crisis of 2008 . 
  dictatorships are inherently unstable . 
  yes north korea is very good at brainwashing , but there is still dissent . 
  people just dont voice it or get shot if they try . 
  thats just the logical option . 
  empowering people to help themselves is always better than charity . 
  the latter just creates dependencies . 
  there is a reason the civil rights movement ( s ) campaigned to give women and black people the same rights , rather than just go like `` be nice to the niggers once in a while '' . 
  dealing with the symptoms should only be done to buy time to implement a solution for the actual problem . 
  while his policies sound good , because they sound more european , he is also a populist . 
  mind you he isnt an utterly inept fool like trump as far as we can tell , but he is a populist still . 
  i mean a new president might stop the decline , but i doubt they can close the distance again . 
  obama never really managed to make the us popular again after bush . 
  he himself was and still is ridiculously popular in germany , but the us as a whole havent benefited as much . 
  trump is also just the result of a problem , not the problem itself . 
  the society and most importantly the party that got him into office will still be there after he leaves . 
  afaik , facebook filters everything . 
  sure people with few connections might get everything . 
  but for others , facebook decides what they see and in which order they see it . 
  not really sure about facebooks internal workings though . 
  this is a really interesting situation though . 
  at the end of the day , it touches the core issue of regulating facebook : does the guy spread hate by liking the nazi post , or does facebook spread hate because they distribute the post ? 
  after all , a single individual cant spread a post on their own . 
  it can contribute to it , but its ultimately facebooks algorithm that decides how and how far something gets spread . 
  i think you could actually argue that , now knowing these details and internal workings of facebook , the guy mentioned here might not be guilty after all . 
  unless you argue that he is guilty because he * tried * to spread these posts , which he obviously did . 
  yeah this is pretty basic economics 101 . 
  if you own a company and use room in your privately owned house for business ( like a garage or something ) , you 're also able to write that off as expenses . 
  so , could you give me an example of a country that implements free trade `` correctly '' ? 
  spoiler : free trade is an empty phrase used by the stronger party in a negotiation to pressure the other side . 
  nobody actually wants it or uses it . 
  not the us , not the uk , not the eu , nobody . 
  erdogan has nothing to gain from opening the flood gates . 
  personally , i 'd hope he just shuts up and does it . 
  then we can actually figure out local solution for the migrant issue . 
  we 're gon na have to find one sooner or later anyway . 
  doing it now means the politicians that fucked up actually have to fix it , rather than delaying everything until its somebody else problem . 
  sounds like a win win to me . 
   actually the two countries did improve their relations and approached each other quite fast after erdogan apologised . 
  now their relations are probably better than before russian jet incident . 
  he actually had the pilot that shot down the russian plane thrown into prison afaik . 
  now the chances are the pilot did exactly as he was ordered , but i guess that wont save him . 
  because the us have a base with nuclear weapons in turkey and any fast movements eastwards would result in a surprise freedom delivery . 
   in that case isnt in greece 's best interests to not loose turkey from nato ? 
  if turkey would harass greece like they do now , but without being a nato member , this would get shut down much faster . 
  things being as they are , greece has to shut up and play nice because the us need turkey more than greece , and very little happens in the nato against their will . 
  yeah turns out that you get kicked if you dont follow the rules you agreed to follow . 
  its so unfair , i know . 
  it would be the easiest way to get them to leave the eu though . 
  cleptocrats and corrupt shitters like eu money , without it , they 'd have little reason to stay . 
  sucks for their country , but helps cleaning up the eu . 
   voting in it means legitimising it . 
  the elected representants you value so much legitimised it . 
  nothing you do changes that . 
  this partisan crap has no place in a proper democracy . 
  you are asked to give an opinion , not giving one doesnt make you superior in any shape or form . 
  you just tell everybody how little you care . 
  assuming that all people that didnt participate in a referendum would have voted in your favor is stupid and pointless . 
  especially refusing to participate because you know your side is losing is the most absurd and anti democratic behaviour possible and should not be rewarded . 
  that just seems much more practical compared to that oversized museum of the french version . 
  non participation means you dont care and dont get to cry about the result . 
  the problem within the eu is that domestic demand is low in germany . 
  but trumps point of not enough american cars in germany is stupid . 
  american cars are shit , nobody would buy them in germany , even if domestic demand would be higher . 
  the only way for us companies to sell cars in europe is to make european versions at a higher quality level . 
  tesla has interesting ideas , but as far as i know the quality level of their cars is still very american . 
  which doesnt matter because their marketing is good and their product is cutting edge , but it will matter once the big car companies catch up . 
  which absolutely doesnt matter . 
  once the terms of an election are decided , everybody that participates accepts them . 
  hilary and the dnc accepted and in case of the later , supported this election process . 
  fun fact : you are the third poster on reddit that posts something so utterly stupid that i thought `` that must be a t_d poster '' . 
  so far i was correct 3 out of 3 times . 
  now : please explain why the particular tax loophole used here is only available to `` muhamads '' ? 
  what prevents pure white people from using this exploit ? 
  honestly , while this is bad and should not be taken lightly , its also nothing special . 
  organized crime exists everywhere , and 10 million is just change for this type of thing . 
  italy for example still has a large mafia problem , and these people make billions per year . 
  i doubt the victims or their relatives feel much better about losing people to the mafia compared to losing them to terrorists . 
  this just shows that yes , even brown people can do organized crime . 
  we shouldnt blow these things out of proportion just because they fit a narrative we like . 
  there are a million good reasons to oppose open door refugee/migrant policies . 
  this one here is pretty far down the list to be honest . 
  this scam here just needs to be dealt with properly by the tax authorities and police . 
   to be fair if the french are killing potential terrorists in syria why ca n't the us do it in pakistan ? 
  because pakistan isnt a warzone ? 
  its essentially 100 % certain that a french citizen living in isis controleld territory in syria is either a prisoner or an enemy combatant . 
  putting a bullet into an enemy combatant isnt much of an issue from really any point of view , including human rights . 
  i would also assume that there is less collateral damage in these cases , though i guess we cant really know for sure . 
  none of the reasons that make these killings semi okay exist for drone strikes in pakistan . 
  for once its not a warzone and there are naturally more civilians and innocent people around . 
  the collateral damage is also quite insane , i dont have the source for it on hand , but there was an article a while back with a story that the us essentially confirmed that 85 % of the people their drones kill are collateral damage . 
  sure a few of them might also be terrorists , but there will be a lot of innocents in the crossfire with numbers like these . 
  also : these drone strikes support an obscene level of corruption in pakistan . 
  i mean their goverment is literally taking money from the us in exchange for letting the us kill their own citizen . 
  so yeah , these 2 things are very much not the same . 
  good luck finding a definition of defense that everybody would agree with . 
  the us certainly consider drone strikes in pakistan defense . 
  i dont think many other countries do . 
  citizenship is handeled in a bureaucratic enviroment . 
  nobody actually cares about the citizenship of these terrorists , people are just afraid that taking citizenship away becomes something used against non terrorists too , or that the definition of terrorist is expanded .
