  you imply that its utterly impossible to do anything about these things , which is wrong and as you put it , naive . 
  tourism isnt a force of nature , it can be regulated if need be . 
  politicians have health coverage themselves . 
  everybody else is obviously just a lazy bastard and its their own fault . 
  its not up to `` the world '' to decide how spanish people live in their own country . 
  not going to happen . 
  i always wonder : wouldnt poland have to return k\u00f6nigsberg , prussian territories and all of these things too ? 
  if we basically take the pre war situation as status quo and demand going back there , it would make sense . 
  but thats because this is simply an inflexible topic . 
  you either accept the freedom of movement and stay in the eu , or you dont accept it and leave . 
  there is no wiggle room here . 
  because there is no other way . 
  why should millions of people tolerate that you drag them into things they dont want to ? 
  civilisation is based on compromise , either by consensus or enforced from the top . 
  if you reject the consensus , you effectively argue for compromise enforced by a minority . 
  that would be a dictatorship . 
  welcome do democracy . 
  except that the seed business is a fucking mafia and companies sell seeds that farmers need to buy again every year because they cant build a self sustained farm with them . 
  monsato should be nationalized and its executives shot , and lets be real they probably would if they 'd ever enter certain countries . 
  thats the fastest way to get another gadhafi and another islamist uprising . 
  the moment we unconditionally support just because he takes the brown people of our hand , the guy will go nuts . 
  the pull factor will always be there as long as we allow people whos asylum application we reject to stay anyway and build a life for themselves . 
  it has currently no consequences for many of these migrants if an application gets rejected because they get subsidiary protection and are treated like regular refugees . 
  they get language courses , job training and jobs and ghave essentially the same rights , except that they need to reapply for their status once a year . 
  so the solution is simple : get rid of subsidiary protection or change it to now allow a regular life in germany . 
  not everybody uses ngo vessels . 
  the smugglers dont actually enter their boats , they show one of the refugees how to use it . 
  its not like they care if the boat sinks and everybody dies . 
  the problem is that religious indoctrination is protected by law . 
  if the woman says she wants it , there is little you can do in most cases . 
  thats why burka bans are mostly done for arbitrary reasons and are typically not called burka bans . 
  which is why erdogan now uses this against them . 
  funny how that works huh ? 
  votes mean nothing without separation of powers , independant judicary , minority rights , independant press and many other things . 
  democratic nations remain democratic only when there is a balance of power and a healthy `` competition '' between the branches of the state . 
  elections are a tiny part of that , and while they are important , an election alone means fuck all . 
  many dictators allow themselves to be elected after all . 
  regardless of bias , if the level of bias and the method of gathering this data remains the same , the trend is still valid . 
  bias isnt all that relevant for data , just for interpretation . 
  consistent methods produce valueable data regardless of how bad the methods are . 
  germany gets a lot of shit for not having the perfect solution for every problem . 
  some people will notice this . 
  a lot of germans are also still unhappy about the greek situation and some will still be unhappy about the refugee situation and the fact that the distribution doesnt work at all . 
  just take a plastic boat across the channel . 
  if you 're not brown , nobody will mind . 
  be sure to call msf to pick you up though . 
   if you make it legal , more of it will be produced and children get abused when making child pornography . 
  the idea isnt to allow actual child porn , the idea is to allo anime , manga and virtual porn with child like characters so pedophiles have a way of dealing with their issues without hurting actual people . 
  but banning it does create a situation where the regime can throw critics and journalists into jail for doing something that everybody does . 
  so its still very useful for them . 
  or you end up with something very scary because your leaders have no idea what the harmless tech they want is actually capable of in the hands of somebody that does know what they are doing . 
  the problem isnt what may can do with this shit , the problem is what ambitious politiciana can do with it 10 or 20 years down the line . 
  the fact that you think democracy is about voting shows how little you understand . 
  they got smashed in france despite having the best possible political mess to work with and they are going to get smashed so badly in germany that nobody will notice because they have a snowflakes chance in hell to begin with . 
  rightwing parties benefit massively from migration and merkels refugee debacle , but they have no answers anyway . 
  single issue voters just buy into the right wing terror hype , but even that wont get these nutjobs into any relevant position of power . 
  i am always both amused and annoyed when people let incompetence get in the way of living out their racism . 
  war crimes dont matter if you win and the other guy is dead . 
  especially if the other guy was the aggressor and you just put him in place with the big iron . 
  well those it guys also have no fucking clue about education and psychology . 
  retraining people for new jobs isnt trivial at all . 
  a 40-50 year old person with 20 + years of working experience will have a hard time learning something new . 
  both for psychological reasons and the simple fact that they arent used to theoretical learning . 
  having your life collapse in front of you because suddenly your job is increasingly rare and its impossible to find work is also a huge psychological issue in general . 
  you dont need to replace all jobs with robots for them to become an issue . 
  but in the next few decades , a ton of jobs will be replaced . 
  drivers of any kind , most basic office clerks , most sales personell in supermarkets , most sales personell in most regular stores probably , etc. 
  even high profile jobs in investment banking are increasingly useless because machines do it better and faster . 
  so at some point 100 investment bankers will be replaced by a server blade and an it engineer . 
  lets say 20-30 % of the current jobs are automatized . 
  that isnt an utopia by any means , but it would be a massive challenge for our society . 
  pretty sure london is basically the most expensive city in europe by a huge margin . 
  you could probably rent a villa in berlin for the same money that gets you a shack in london . 
  well now that they shipped their first batch of refugees to europe themselves , maybe they should write a report about it . 
  at the end of the day , this is just a typical eu deal i think . 
  900 muslims wont really hurt your country , but this probably buys you some cookie points with the eu for the future . 
  realistically : this is what all v4 nations should have done . 
  negotiate with the eu to reduce the number down to a token concession . 
  the us wont even set up bases in poland , i dont think georgia is even a theoretical option for them . 
  and the only answer russia understands is money . 
  putin doesnt care if the nato sets up a show of force . 
  if anything , he likes it because it feeds into his narrative of the evil nato threatening russias sovereignity . 
  the one language he does understand is money . 
  he secured his power with economic progress that he claimed for himself . 
  he stays in power because his money buys him influence and keeps the population from thinking too much . 
  once the money is gone , putin will have a much harder time . 
  if his regime ever collapses , it will be because poor people with nothing to lose take their anger to the street . 
  not because the nato send 5 tanks down a road as a `` show of force '' . 
   it is about them holding group meetings and using it as an organisational base for their demonstrations . 
  source for that ? 
  its not in the article at all . 
  and this isnt even about the restaurant making this decision . 
  its about others closing the restaurant because it didnt want to discriminate its guests . 
   oh please , nobody can identify the pegida organizers ( ! ), 
  and speakers ( ! ), 
  who hold a weekly protest in proximity in that district of the city ? 
  are you really telling me that you could identify every single person that participates in a protest ? 
  i dont think so . 
  and even if ; there is a significant difference between participating in a protest that is not explicitly about a political party , and being the head of a political party at a national level . 
  you are wrong though .
