  so you are saying it is actually possible to tighten gun regulations and dial back gun ownership in the us ? 
  really ? 
  because that is what i said : that once you have this much guns around and your culture is so fucked that `` needs guns because everybody has one '' is an actual argument for getting a gun you can never go back . 
  if you tighten gun regulations now , you just screw those that havent gotten one already . 
  thats why us gun regulations are a terrible fucking idea . 
  if your guns ever become a problem , you might not have the means of fixing it anymore . 
  well the us are fucked to the point where they can never go back . 
  that still means that we should never screw up our gun regulations as much as they did . 
  yeah , the irrelevant one . 
  you say this like it would be a problem . 
  russia will not mess with the eu or nato . 
  if they do , poland sending 200 guys somewhere wont change anything . 
  russia can exploit the wests apathy only for so long . 
  as soon as they cross ~ our ~ borders , and not just the borders of an unaligned country like the ukraine , the apathy will vanish very quickly . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  what is their word worth if they say they support secularism and still vote akp ? 
  is it really so incomprehensible to you that companies that have their eu headquater in london will leave the uk in case of a brexit ? 
  sure politicians lie all the time , but he has a point in this case . 
  even if the number he mentions is most likely something he made up . 
   under the compromise , a country will instead face the reintroduction of border controls by its neighbours if it refuses to comply with the new border force , which was tabled as a high-profile response to the eu 's migration crisis . 
  this is probably the best compromise . 
  it avoids shuffling around sovereignity , but it also draws a line and allows punishning member states that refuse to do their job . 
  because `` they '' arent random people . 
  they are the elected goverment of greece . 
  whatever happened to greece is first and foremost their responsibility . 
  i am not going around , crying about how evil syrians are for daring to exploit our refugee system . 
  i blame our own goverment for making the system stupid and not doing their job . 
  the greek should do the same . 
  they have no control over what other countries and their goverments do . 
  but they do have influence on their own goverment . 
  if they chose not to use it and to let their goverment get away with lies and incompetency that borders corruption multiple times , they dont get to cry about evil yuropeans exploiting them . 
  but the picture is also a bit misleading or at least misinterpreted . 
  at the end of the day , its only 4 institutions that have to agree to push something through . 
  its not like every step in this picture is another institution or person . 
  they can blame the goverment that ignored their vote , twice . 
  if their own goverment doesnt give a shit about them , why should the rest of europe ? 
  i honestly doubt that your 2 great grant farthers were significantly better persons than 2 random german soldiers on the other side back then . 
  they were just lucky enough to fight for the side that won . 
  stalin wasnt much better than hitler , if at all . 
  a simply majority would be enough . 
  but we 'd have to insist that they adopt the euro immediately upon rejoining . 
  that alone should make things interesting enough . 
  there is a huge difference between working 60 hours a week because you are ambitious and arent satisfied with 4k euro per month . 
  and working 60 hours a week because its the only damn way you can afford enough food and medicine for yourself and your family . 
  pretty sure workers rights in most if not all of europe dont allow for 12 hour work days . 
  maybe exterminate 50 % outright with gas + oven and work the rest to death in work camps ? 
  because he does exactly what all of the right wing populists she fought against does : they ignore all facts and reason and capture their target audience feelings with an absurd story that has next to nothing to do with the issue at hand . 
  it doesnt matter where you stand on this issue . 
  you cant seriously consider feels and impulse based politics like this a good thing for a democracy . 
  honestly , let them go . 
  i very much prefer a working eu with 5 members over an impotent eu with 28 . 
   the socialist cynic in me tells me that the pendulum swung to the right really fast as soon as the middle and upper classes started feeling the full effects of their policies aswell . 
  thats the sad part about it . 
  everybody with a brain could have predicted that . 
  you dont have to be a genius to do so , just have some common sense . 
  but somehow , the though of regulating the refugee flow from the start to prevent knee jerk reactions and far right idiots gaining power didnt occur to anybody . 
   the green business complex is n't serving the people ( who definitely feels the burden of expensive energy ) but an elite obsesses with their `` green '' . 
  pretty sure we still spend more money on indirect nuclear subsidies than on green subsidies . 
  hell i am fairly certain that if all direct and indirect energy subsidies would be frozen , we 'd accelerate green energy development a lot . 
  fracking is like nuclear power . 
  its perfectly safe until they build a facility next to your city . 
  hell we 've had us senators or governors or something like it lobby for fracking , then try to prevent it in their district and making up bullshit reasons . 
  this represents the 40 % that voted akp before the semi staged second election . 
  why should we not make fun of people that vote this kind of politicians into office . 
  it will come to bite them in the ass anyway . 
  they serve mayonnaise with fries . 
  fries . 
  fight me . 
  skipping the essential part of determining if its possible to land a damn plane in the area certainly seems suspicious . 
  its either outright corruption , or a useless project pushed through by politicians to `` impress '' voters with prestige projects . 
  either way , somebody pressed this through against all reason and somebody benefited from doing so . 
  there is no way that this isnt at least suspicious . 
  the difference is that merkel has power and influence as the chancellor of germany that even now enjoys a popularity at home most other eu leaders would kill for . 
  people dislike her because they are afraid of her power . 
  i mean its somewhat justified because she is an idiot , but still . 
  meanwhile orban is a nobody , the head of an irrelevant eu member and his autocratic style actually makes him and his country less relevant in the eu . 
  he enjoys the favor of the masses because merkels blunt idiocy gave him a golden opportunity to appear competent when he is realistically just slightly less of an idiot on top of being a wannabe putin . 
  tl : dr : people fear people that hold power over them . 
  nobody is afraid of the jester . 
  this is about national regulations and eu based regulations that have to be implemented nationally . 
  its very much a critical issue that should not be decided by an eu institution alone . 
  situations like this is why the eu gets such a bad rep. because this make it look like a detached elite that wants to hush things and circumvent national interests . 
  hell the very same politicians that try to shift responsibility for this to the eu will probably blame the eu for being a bureaucratic mess afterwards . 
  well ( afaik ) the us are borrowing nukes to germany right now . 
  if shits hits the fan , these weapons would be deployed by german tornado fighters . 
  that doesnt seem that different from france loaning some nukes to a hypothetical eu army . 
  you cant prevent them from trying to influence you . 
  but you can prevent it from working . 
  germany is powerful enough to stand up to russia on its own and ressist bad influence for the most part . 
  the ukraine is weak and probably has to cut ties with russia to rebuild . 
  the rest of ee is somewhere in between , but still very much wants to cut ties as far as possible . 
  see : polands lng terminal and the baltics desire to seperate themselves from the russian powergrid . 
  germany has much more wealthy than russia , has much more powerful allies than the ukraine and is far enough away to make an invasion irrelevant . 
  a random drug dealer from a shitty part of town isnt much of a problem for a healthy and employed person living in a nice part of the city . 
  but the messed up girl he got hooked up on drugs to fuck her should probably cut ties and get some distance between them to sort out her life . 
  and yes i know that sounds arrogant , but i dont care . 
  the ukraine is fucked and has a long way to go . 
  so far they have figured out what they are against . 
  the rest will take some time . 
  just like the redistribution scheme for the 160k is `` already implemented '' .
