  weird how germany doesnt have a majority to force any of these policies through though . 
  its almost as if germany isnt alone in this and this entire issue has nothing to do with a conspiracy for competitive deflation . 
  this kind of eurozone will fall on its own . 
  we know for a fact that countries like spain or greece are unable to restrain themselves if nobody monitors their spending . 
  if this `` proposal '' is agree on , the ez will be dead in less than 30 years and all of europe will be much poorer . 
  there can be no unlimited liability without representation . 
  their programme wont matter . 
  the spd needed a goddamn miracle to beat merkel . 
  the schulz hype earlier this year was a good opportunity to build on , but the spd did absolutely nothing . 
  now they lost the last 3 elections and and things are looking grim . 
  the spd wont make it into the kanzleramt with a party programme . 
  as if there was ever an alternative . 
  schulz `` hype '' were 5 people on reddit shitposting too much . 
  he didnt actually do anything . 
  most greens are conservatives that adopt some sjw topics to make themselves feel better . 
  as such its always a lot of ideology and hyprocrisy , with very little practical thinking . 
  thats just a basic free trade deal though . 
  its not what the eu is meant to be . 
  countries that want such a basic deal can leave the eu and ask for one . 
  if they want trade without the euro they can join the eea . 
  or just negotiate a free trade deal . 
  any eu member must adopt the euro sooner or later . 
  we should not grant any more exceptions to this . 
  if you pay 2,50 euro for a d\u00f6ner , you 're getting a shitty d\u00f6ner . 
  at that price points its either tiny or the quality is dirt . 
  we 'll be smart enough to wait until your oil runs out . 
  if we 're feeling smartass , we 'll offer you economic assistance if you give up your remaining nukes . 
  surely such a deal cant possibly go wrong . 
  the point is that hollande can screw them if he wants to . 
  he can stop giving them interviews , he probably has some sort of option to exclude them from press events , etc. 
  this isnt about legal tools or taking legal steps . 
  its about cooperating actively with somebody that mocks you . 
  politicians can and do in fact refuse to do that , but hollande appareantly didnt . 
  so 3 refugees commit a crime = all refugees are a threat , even though its statistically irrelevant . 
  but if a couple of us soldiers do the same its like `` but muh statistics '' thats some solid mental gymnastics . 
  the netherlands have one of the 3 primary ports for all of europe . 
  that alone should make ( economic ) euroscepticism pointless for them . 
  the eu as a whole would also be better off if some of its more reluctant members would do some self searching and figure out if its actually worth it for them to be a member . 
  or if another type of relationship would be more useful . 
  not every whateverxit would have to be as populist and hostile as the brexit after all . 
  we should only give them goods that they absolutely can not produce now and within the next few decades . 
  that would only be complex medicine and maybe some machines and electronics . 
  for everything else , they are better of making that stuff locally , with the profits staying at home for further investments . 
  nope , they are in favor of harsh punishments if no deal can be reached . 
  they prefer long term stability of 80 % of their market over taking a gamble just to * maybe * hold onto 20 % of their market . 
  its not like the 20 % will just collapse anyway , just shrink a little . 
  long term over short term , basically . 
  revolutionary isnt it ? 
  this is only true between equals . 
  but there are no equals in an economy like ours . 
  all ( western ) economies are buyers markets and as such the drivers are always at a disadvantage . 
  ~ ~ this is why taxis are regulated to begin with . 
  to prevent customers and companies exploit the workers which are by far the weakest of the 3 parties involved . 
  it obviously also benefits the companies . ~ ~, 
  why did she show guts ? 
  she did what the majority supported : take refugees . 
  its easy to forget but germany had 2-4 months of crazy pro refugee popular opinion at the end of 2015 . 
  merkels polls went through the roof and people talked about the nobel peace price for her . 
  nah , she went back on her own words and policies in the past . 
  she went straight from campaigning for nuclear power plants and longer lifetimes to wanting to shut them down asap . 
  well mr * belgium * , it worked really well the last time we tried it . 
  but then you guys and the frenchies were kinda mad about it anyways . 
  it feels more like we were lead to believe your show would have 26 episodes per season , but suddenly the plot accelerates and we might get a 2 parter halfway through . 
  its so exiting . 
  except that , as / u/journo127 put it , we did prove that we could take care of our shit and pushed through necessary reforms at significant cost . 
  mind you we went a little bit over board here and there and it wasnt a perfect solution . 
  but we got shit done when we had to . 
  so yeah , your turn buddy . 
  the bonn republic didnt have a spare parliament in saarbr\u00fccken that was used every other week . 
  you can spread out different ministries , but its utterly insane to have the same institution present in 2 countries and move its entire personell every month . 
  so why does this matter ? 
  and honestly : why are jews now suddenly perfectly rational people that can do no wrong and can never judge a situation wrong ? 
  for all we know these people are just morons and 90 % of the jews in the us dont care at all . 
  its so strange that people get triggered by stereotyping ( `` all jews are greedy leechers '' ) , but have no problem with `` positive '' stereotyping ( `` all jews are omniscent security experts '' ), 
  they might have started out like this , because they had too . 
  but they have made progress , independantly and can actually offer their own products and services nowadays . 
  did you quote the wrong post ? 
  i didnt say there would be war without the eu . 
  i simply said that the eu does more for peace than the nato . 
  case in point : greece and turkey barely manage to not have a war , nato be damned . 
  but feel free to build more strawmen , certainly making your flair proud . 
   the problem with debt to gdp is that austerity does n't just stop you from `` wasteful '' spending its not meant to , its supposed to punish wasteful spending and force goverments to clean their shit up . 
  its meant to provide pressure that forces goverments to at least reduce waste . 
  you can never eliminate it anyway , but pressure certainly helps . 
  if greece would have been pressured into not fucking up their budgets for decades , we wouldnt be in this mess . 
  you cant just give a nation like greece a lot of money and hope for the best . 
  they have proven that they cant handle it properly . 
  infrastructure policies and other investments for poor ez countries like greece . 
   nato has a hell of a lot more to do with peace than the eu , imo . 
  not really . 
  the reason for peace is that there are a lot of levels of communication and conflict management . 
  essentially : political and social tools to decide conflicts . 
  the nato doesnt have anything like this and is purely a military alliance that requires the political process the eu provides to keep functioning long term . 
  without a solid political base anchoring it , the nato is a worthless mess that will never agree on anything . 
  we already saw this happening when bush went mad and split the nato . 
  it ended up as a huge clusterfuck and scarred the us of all nations out of further wars . 
   we ca n't allow ourselves to become the boogeyman , it 's not an image you want to have . 
  honestly , i am getting tired of this . 
  we do not own anybody anything . 
  we did this with erdogan and played nice when he starting raging at the eu like a caveman .
