  it is absolutely normal that companies charge as much as they can and sell products for different prices in different markets . 
  the price for a product is often detached from the cost of making or distributing the product . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with how much people in these countries earn themselves . 
  you cannnot take away a companies right to market and price their products based on demand and competition . 
  and honestly , you know the reason . 
  you just refuse to accept it . 
  the reason is that it sells anyway . 
  the eu can not fix this problem . 
  only the customers can . 
  getting irrationally angry about it will only make you irrationally angry , it wont help you at all . 
   you 're contradicting yourself here - in your first post you 've mentioned that : there is always a higher quality , no matter what you spend . 
  you can buy steak for 20 $ / kg in a good supermarket , you can buy it for 30-40 $ / kg at a butcher shop , or you can order it for 150 $ / kg from japan or south america . 
  prices just being examples here , i dont buy steak . 
  the point is : if i spend 20 euro per kilogramm , i have no right to complain that i am not getting steak from south america . 
  if some poor family from a village pays a lot less for their food than a city dweller , they cant really complain to get what might be inferior quality . 
   salary which is odd , i know it was just an example , but the 2 biggest examples i have seen used to show the bad quality of food in ee were iglo fishsticks and balsen buttercookies . 
  2 overprized premium brands i personally wouldnt buy either . 
  and any discussion about food quality of fish sticks is absurd . 
  fish sticks are basically waste reprocessed into food . 
   education ignorance is their own fault . 
   border of austria so you can see the difference yourself using public transport ( to the closest village in austria ) so , buy in austria if you have the opportunity ? 
   huge community proposing healthy lifestyle , cycling , etc. 
  if you actually care about a healthy lifestyle , you dont buy convenience food . 
  you cant be deceived by evil western companies if you buy a whole fish , raw vegetables or fruits . 
  most of the time , this is actually cheaper than convenience food as well . 
   however , that is not the case for the rest of the country - if a family working with food budget of ( from the top of my head ) 200 $ / month in the eastern parts of the country needs to feed 5 people , you can not buy food based on the quality , main factor is price so they have less money for food and buy cheaper food with slightly inferior quality . 
  i dont see the issue . 
  i mostly buy cheap food myself and i dont petition my goverment to get the same quality of food like somebody making 200k a year . 
  at the end of the day , all of this food still meets national and eu regulation so its not like its super bad . 
  you get inferior products because you buy them . 
  germany is cheap and occassionally better because the market is cutthroat and people dont care about brands . 
  its pretty normal to see a man or a woman driving a new 70k mercedes to shop at a discount super market . 
  in a market enviroment like this , competition gets much more fierce . 
  your market gets inferior conditions because it works . 
   i do n't understand why we have these foreign big supermarket companies in our countries to begin with . 
  supermarkets benefit from being part of a group . 
  basically : the more you buy , the cheaper it gets . 
  if you are a stand alone super market , you pay a lot more for every item than a chain with 500 stores . 
  thats a natural incentive to concentrate into large groups . 
  and since we had these groups already in 1990 , they had a head start on the super markets in ee . 
  except that ageing can change views . 
  not all of these old people are conservative because they were born in conservative times . 
  some of them are conservative for psychological reasons and possibly because of their age . 
  no , videos like this show how much of the trash is still around . 
  paid by what is basically a tax , controlled by people appointed by politicians . 
  yeah , state media . 
  founded by a subscription based on law rather than contract . 
  and lead by people that are handpicked by politicians and often reflect the current power structure of the bundestag . 
  and lets not forget that the goverment sets up the budget as well . 
  so they can pick their own goons and if the goons step out of line cut their budget . 
  thats as close to state media as it gets . 
  wouldnt that mean that you should work for your goal , rather than pray for it ? 
  north stream doesnt do anything . 
  we either buy oil and gas from russia , or we dont . 
  yes we should diversify , but as long as we buy either way , we might as well buy as cheap as possible . 
  i dont think that matters . 
  for once i somehow doubt hrc is a crazed feminist lunatic , she probably gambled with how far she could go to make women vote for her , and lost . 
  essentially : she is like merkel , but not quite as good . 
  merkel is the very same type of politician like hrc though . 
  carreer focused backroom politician that is hilariously uncharismatic and , unlike hrc , actually succeeded with her `` i am not the crazy guy '' campaign against schr\u00f6der . 
  personally ; i think there might have been attempts at manipulating the election , but i doubt that it made a big difference . 
  at the end of the day , every citizen is responsible for their vote or the fact that they do not vote . 
  most notably : now that these things are starting to be investigated and made public , we 'll see which conclusion the trump supporters draw from that . 
  because i get the feeling they dont give a damn and would rather turn the tv off than spend a single thought on considering whether or not they were wrong . 
  and in that case ; the us deserve what they get . 
  and he did lose the actual election ; the popular vote . 
  i guess the messed up electoral college is hard to poll for . 
  because tabloids appeal to uneducated people and you just asked if the president is a hereditary position . 
  turkey needs brains , not prayers . 
  the latter is what got them into this mess . 
  they dont need to create anything . 
  afaik turkeys rural population is still fairly uneducated , and supports erdogan much more than the cities in the west . 
  if these things do happen , every turk with a brain and a half decent education should bail out of that shithole and look for work in a civilized country . 
  you voted for steinmeier , but schulz is too much like merkel for you ? 
  really ? 
  your humor is better than i expected . 
   people trust the brand why do they ? 
  like , you say they trust the brand , but evidently they shouldnt trust the brand . 
  so why do they trust the brand blindly ? 
  because this is 100 % their problem . 
  even if this problem gets worked out in an acceptable way ; the obvious lesson is never to trust a brand . 
  but i guess that would be too hard . 
  your post is a perfect example of what op meant with `` mental ability '' . 
  poland is still stuck with a victim mindset , even though its been free for decades . 
  you stick to the past and drum up fear of occupation by muslims and russian as an excuse for not facing the present . 
  nobody cares about your `` solutions '' because they arent solutions . 
  considering that just about every single eu country doesnt want refugees or migrants , you 'd think that at least * some * of them would support the v4 ideas if they were actually workable ? 
  but let me guess , they are just bashing poland again ? 
  it cant possibly be your fault , your solutions cant possibly be useless ? 
  this siege mentality , that everybody is out there to get you , is the reason poland and other ee countries arent taken serious . 
  you are not being sieged , the eu isnt your enemy , western europe doesnt want to muslimize poland or the eu . 
  stop subscribing to conspiracy theories put forward by autocrats to grab power . 
  if you dont , your country will never be relevant or save . 
  people assumed that he would give in to the party line and just yes man it . 
  on the other hand : this is most likely a deliberate stalling attempt . 
  send the law back to be rewritten , but essentially do the same . 
  by the time its ready again , protests will have faded out and the reworked but ultimately identical law will pass without as much attention . 
  so their solution to the migrant issue is that they may or may not throw greece five bucks if the crisis explodes again . 
  how impressive . 
   because it 's not their problem .
