   but what will happen to the people who resisted both assad and isis ? 
  unless syria gets split ( officially or defacto doesnt matter ) and they can live in one of the new territories , they 'll have to leave the country or they get killed by assads thugs . 
   losses are a part of it , it becomes beyond your ability to make a difference when the amount of ( potential ) losses are not reasonable . 
   so you are willing to help as long as losses are unlikely and its a convenient war for your country ? 
  you said basically the same : war is fine as long as losses are unlikely . 
  this is not what responsibility means . 
  responsibility means you support somebody to the best of your ability , without holding back . 
  you dont actually want to be responsible for others , any country that would be responsible for syria would have boots on the ground already and make an effort to actually end the war . 
  you want to provide some superficial support , you dont care about the results or ending wars , you just want to participate so you can feel you are making a difference . 
  do something vaguely good and hope it results in anything . 
  certainly an interesting definition of the term responsibility . 
   i do n't recall any dutch losses in syria during the air raids of our f16 's . 
  our troops are well equiped and have the technological advantage , they should have what they need to act with sensible security to their own life . 
  if that is not possible , then return to statement 2 . 
  so you are willing to help as long as losses are unlikely and its a convenient war for your country ? 
   where your ability to make a difference does . 
  should you suffer losses , the whole thing is suddenly beyond your ability to make a difference ? 
  guess i missunderstood you . 
  you use big words like responsibility , but you actually dont give a shit either and if a war moves beyond the popcorn stage , you 'd bail out as well . 
  empty words . 
  where does that resonsibility end ? 
  is it defined geographically ? 
  or are you responsible for fighting all the evil in the world ? 
  how far are you supposed to go ? 
  what makes you think you are perfectly capable of defining whats good and whats evil , who lives and who dies ? 
  do you really think its worth the lives of dutch citizen to save people who allowed their country to become the hellhole it is now ? 
  being naive will never do anything good for you , or anybody else . 
   if you 're not an immigrant and had proper education up until then , sure . 
  maybe even less . 
  apprenticeships are typically designed to be managable for a 16 year old child with only a hauptschulabschluss . 
  ( 9 years of school ) a lot of them require virtually 0 abilities or talent of any kind , just the most basic will to actually learn and the ability to do as you are told by your teachers and your trainer in the company . 
  so unless these people deliberately apply for the hardest apprenticeships they can find , it is absolutely possible for them to complete an apprenticeship . 
  i would argue that if they were motivated , it would certainly be possible to complete an apprenticeship with 4 years of basic school ( so you can read and write ) and a short german course . 
  most of the refugees probably have more than that and get better courses in germany . 
   how long does it take the average human to learn a language and get the skills required to enter the work force ? 
  if you actually try hard , it takes 1-2 years at most to learn proper german and 2-3 years to complete an apprenticeship that will give you plenty of job opportunities . 
  i personally know a guy that learned german in 6-9 months , starting from scratch . 
  that changes nothing . 
  the family of unemployed people gets welfare too , its less than a the unemployed , but they get money . 
  if these people would have a job , their families wouldnt get welfare . 
  they are greek politicians after all . 
  doesnt nd lead the polls with a 10 percent margin btw ? 
  if we get a bigger consortium the next time , it could actually work out well . 
  the main problem of the eurofighter was that its cost advantage compared to the more expensive us jets will evaporate once they ramp up production . 
  if we can make better use of economics of scale , the next eurofighter might work out much better . 
  it doesnt matter if russia gets `` marginalised '' . 
  as long as russia has oil , they will survive . 
  once the oil is gone , there is a million problems more important than this one . 
  there really isnt much room in between , russia is set in its ways for the forseeable future . 
  no need to be so mean to them . 
  germany , even at 1,1 % gdp , still has a significant military budget and state of the art military technology in several sectors . 
  by 2024 germany might have the largest military budget in europe . 
  its not like france has a massive navy . 
  most french overseas deployements do not depend on carrier support at all . 
  it would be if it would be completely illegal . 
  as it stands right now , same sex couples can get married in all but name and have virtually the same rights . 
  that isnt comparable with the us where things like abortion are somehow a matter that is worth discussing . 
  germany simply doesnt suffer nearly as much from state level partisan politics as you guys , which means much less blunt idiocy by hillbilly politicians . 
  its pretty normal though . 
  the delivery personell is hilariously underpaid and overworked , so they cut corners to actually finish their shift in less than 10 + hours . 
  not really . 
  the cdu is christian in name only , they barely make token concessions to maintain their christian voter base because its such an irrelevant minority . 
  the fact that a lot of the `` rural '' areas in germany are in eastern germany also means we have less religious people there . 
  and lets not forget that merkel is barely religious , unmarried and childless . 
  truly a stalwart defender of the faith . 
  albania is too small and austria is , well lets be real they are essentially part of germany already . 
   most europeans would cringe at the pervasive presence of religion in the us . 
  delete '' in god we trust '' from your banknotes lol pretty sure a lot of european countries still refer to god in various oaths . 
  if they go for a soft brexit , eu officials will put on a solemn face in front of the press , and get smashed once the cameras are off . 
  soft brexit means the uk will pay just as much , still be forced into freedom of movement , but have no voice anymore in the eu . 
  going for this would be so utterly hilarious for the eu that it would easily be worth the uk propaganda about `` how well brexit turned out after all '' . 
  that post also valued trivial details like officially accepting the motto or whether the official europe day is 5.5 or 9.5 as much as efta/eea membership or the euro . 
  it was a nice overview , but hilariously inaccurate . 
  except that the issue was caused by insufficient regulation . 
  if the free market would work like liberal economic theories pretend it does , a lack of regulation would lead to a market based solution . 
  in that case the solution was that the poor that couldnt afford better housing burned . 
  that might be a good solution for free market fanatics , but its certainly not a solution for anybody else . 
  yeah , i 'd understand the outrage if he had a very realistic looking rifle . 
  but with that plastic toy and the pirate excuse , this whole affair is actually amusing . 
  dry british humor ? 
  all of these are small scale operations that dont require a blue water navy or anything fancy . 
  germany also participates in several deployements like this . 
  eea/efta membership without freedom of movement or membership fees , of course !, 
   ok , let 's imagine that soviet union cut the pipe for the western germany . 
      how would that help su to win u.s or seriously affect u.s decisions ? 
      in this new scenario , when germany is the leader , russia can cut the pipe , and it would help to win germany or seriously affect germany 's decisions . 
  if russia tries to play this game , they automatically lose . 
  russia is more dependant on gas and oil revenues than germany is on russian gas . 
  the moment it even becomes a theoretical possibility that they cut the supply , germany will invest a ton of ressources into working out an alternative , lng , renewables , whatever . 
  thats not cheap or easy , but once we are forced to do this , we will never go back to russian gas , and they are eternally fucked . 
  you really overestimate how powerful russia is and how much their gas matters for germany . 
  the uk and france are bad examples for big boys . 
  neither of them has done anything of note with their military in recent years . 
  other than whining to the us when they ran out of ammo to bomb lybia of course . 
  if this is the target for the eus military ambitions , germany really isnt far away . 
  whats your point ? 
  historic territories are basically irrelevant today . 
  unless its only a few decades in the past , there is no way anybody can claim anything , if at all . 
   they absolutely have to prove they do n't support terrorism . 
  there is no good reason to live in the west and still be muslim .
