  if you give a child everything it demands , it gets spoiled and annoying . 
  honestly : while it sucks that a lot of people have to suffer for the incompetence of their goverment , its good that the ez makes a point here . 
  the issues greece has arent caused by the imf or ecb , they are caused by decades of mismanagement by various greek goverments . 
  syriza speaks of blackmail from the creditors , meanwhile they basically blackmail the ez nations by threatening to tear down the house if they dont get their sweets . 
  thats not the kind of behaviour that builds bridges . 
  while its sad to see somebody crushed like this , its pointless to go around and blame people . 
  but its a good case as to how ( western ) people only care about others when there is a camera to record the `` suffering '' and a story to tell . 
  so tell me , did you care as much when your goverment bombed innocents in pakistan to kill a bunch of terrorists nearby ? 
  they will be concerned about it and condemn these inhuman experiments . 
  they will also send a strongly worded letter . 
  the problem is that politicians have to sell their actions to their people/voters . 
  debt cut ? 
  probably only for substantial reforms , which means austerity which means status quo 50b investment ? 
  yeah right , good luck finding a politician that doesnt plan to stay in office, 
  accepting the deal would mean that the imf has to break its own rules though . 
  since the last deal was based partially on imf money ( as far as i know ) and the imf wont give greece any more money until they pay the rates for their existing loans . 
  now i am not sure how much the imf can bend or how much i 'd want to bent , but right now i dont see how greece can just take an offer that has passed its deadline . 
  yes he does . 
  thats the point of a democracy . 
  the fact that it doesnt work as well in greece is a problem of the greek . 
  because it works for a lot of other nations , not perfectly mind you , but it works well enough . 
  what is there to sell ? 
  we are at the point where greece has nothing left to offer . 
  public opinion is against greece in many ez nations so goverments dont have to make any more offers to satisfy their voters . 
  so ultimately greece has the option to take whatever shitty offer is made by their creditors , or default and become even more dependant on others . 
  well they think they can actually keep the euro without giving in to their creditors demands . 
  so basically they are at the point where they were years ago , but everybody is pissed and the money has actually run out . 
  wouldnt that mean he is in fact delusional because he doesnt see the situation for what it is ? 
  i mean he seems to have his own view of the world which doesnt really match anymore and he is acting like it does . 
  its not about `` fuck masses over '' . 
  its about screwing that one journalist that investigated a little bit too far , or that one opposition politician that is a bit too charismatic for his own good . 
  hah i am absolutely not a fan of merkel , but at the end of the day she did what she is meant to do , put the interests of germany over those of greece . 
  i said in in another discussion already : austerity doesnt have to save greece . 
  it delayed greek default long enough to stabilise other nations like spain . 
  sure the problems are gone yet , but europe is much more stable right now than it was 5 ( ? ), 
  years ago . 
  now that a greek default isnt as likely to demolish the entire continent , merkel has no reason to keep feeding greece money . 
  things are probably going to get pretty bad for the greek now which sucks . 
  but ultimately : the greek will suffer from problems that were caused by their own society . 
  just like i have to deal with the fact that merkel is calling the shots in germany , even though i didnt vote for her . 
  not really . 
  once everybody sees just how ruined greece is , nobody will want to risk going there . 
  ordinary citizens arent matyrs , nobody will sacrifice their very own economic situation just to make merkel look bad . 
  since the rest of europe has recovered somewhat , its working out quite nicely . 
  now we can default greece without killing the euro and merkel can now pretty much be like `` dont make us go all greece on you '' whenever a eurozone nations doesnt play by the rules . 
  tl : dr europe is now merkels bitch, 
  why would anybody believe anything from the nsa or the us goverment at this point ? 
  i mean the one thing they have shown so far is that they will do whatever they can do if they think they can get away with it . 
  and since the outcry about the espionage didnt do anything , they know they can get away with everything now . 
  you mean they will know who supported them from the very beginning ? 
  if greece wants to go out with a bang , let them try . 
  greece depends on the good will of the imf and europe , especially after a default . 
  trying to fuck with the people that you will depend on soon is not a good idea . 
  no democratic credentials are destroyed . 
  public opinion is very much in favor of letting greece default recently , especially here in germany . 
  and yes its a decision for europe , against greece . 
  for long term financial stability , even if it comes at significant cost for now . 
  thats partially because these countries have no delusions about their economic position . 
  the baltic nations got fucked by the 2008 crisis too , but they were able to shup up and get the work done on their own and ultimately made it through the crisis . 
  greece has shown up with a lot of entitlement , syriza talks about lofty words like dignity rather than negotiating a pragmatic deal that will actually help their people . 
  now i know that the austerity that was forced onto greece doesnt actually fix any problems . 
  but if you are realistic , it was never meant to fix any problems for greece . 
  it was meant to contain the problems until the other problematic economies in europe were stable enough to survive a greek default . 
  rather than understanding this and focusing on reforms that actually do something , syriza tried to `` negotiate '' a fantasy that was never going to happen just so they can shift the blame to the eu because they didnt help them . 
  to be fair : erdogan doesnt exactly court the eu . 
  if anything erdogan does his best to make sure turkey wont make it into the eu in the near future . 
  the problem is that there was never any chance to keep the euro and avoid austerity altogether . 
  thats populist bullshit they made up to get their asses elected . 
  for once austerity isnt good , but its better than drowing not just greece but also spain and other nations in debt . 
  if only because with austerity , only one european nation will become a 3rd world country . 
  and the problem with the referendum is the timing . 
  syriza has promised so much shit they couldnt possibly achieve and now they dont own up and admit to doing so , they just hold a vote to shift the blame away . 
  this referendum should have been held several years ago . 
  also : one major reason why nobody will help greece anymore is that no goverment cant sell more support for greece to their own people . 
  and they are conveniently doing this in a way where their people cant vote against them in any shape or form because the game will be over by the time the vote takes place . 
  tsipiras has forced greece down a one way street and now lets the people vote on which way to take to get out . 
  discrimination would be saying that practising christians cant become a judge . 
  a judge not being able to deal with same sex couples because of personal beliefs is simply making a decision for him/herself that they cant do what their job requires them to do . 
  this almost sounds too good to be true . 
  but whatever its certainly good news if it is true . 
  the only way this is going to happen would be getting merkel assassinated in the near future . 
  thats the main issue . 
  greece is tiny , but a greek default would still hurt europe . 
  imagine podemos in spain goes full syriza and spain goes the same way that greece took ? 
  that would be the end of both the euro and the eu right there . 
  both parties havent done anything useful for greece . 
  i mean whats left to die ? 
  greece is about to leave the euro and possibly the eu behind and remain poor for decades . 
  how could it possibly be worse ? 
  they did sell their people out . 
  they told them that there would be an alternative . 
  that they would be able to negotiate some sort of miracle that would make everything better . 
  that they would be able to keep the euro and refuse the demands of eu and iwf . 
  that was kind of unrealistic from the start . 
  but hey it got syriza into the goverment right ? 
  which basically means they were lying and knew from the very start that they wouldnt be able to keep their promises . 
  guess they are politicians after all . 
  they are clowns for using a stupid question . 
  this referendum has to mention the euro or its useless . 
  if anything it should be like `` do you prefer accepting the institutions offer over leaving the euro '' or something like that .
