  he also said that the ukraine might not exist . 
  i wonder how that could possibly happen ... 
  diplomatic immunity is negotiated by people that are likely to benefit from it . 
  its like having politicians setting up their own salaries , they will never give up anything . 
   immigrants almost invariably contribute to economic growth everything i have seen points towards a zero sum game for actual immigrants . 
  but those arent immigrants with limited visa , those are refugees that can basically do whatever they want without being deported . 
  and if the employement numbers for refugees posted above are correct , these people have absolutely no perspective in sweden and will cause major social problems . 
   read the geneva convention , afterwards the eu human rights charta and the definition of `` refugee '' . 
  refugee status and asylum are interpreted very differently around the world . 
  merkel simply chose the most self mortifying definition she could think of . 
  merkel is actually responsible for preventing a united european policy though . 
  germany is basically left alone right now because everybody else is tired of her shit . 
  if she wouldnt be such an idiot , we 'd have a join eu migration policy for months by now . 
  its just a damn example . 
  jesus christ you are thick . 
  a generation of stupid kids would be the reason for heads being sawn off by isis in europe . 
  education is the best weapon against religous extremists . 
   having an army or an ally with one is important . 
  you can have an army without drafting though . 
  in fact , drafted personel typically isnt very important for 99 % of what an army does anyway . 
  you sound like you actually believe it . 
  right now i wouldnt bet on the fact that the ukraine will have a border with the eu by 2032 . 
   why does this keep being repeated in every thread about refugees , and i still have n't seen such an invitation ? 
      i mean there must be a card or sth . 
  merkel essentially said that we wouldnt turn back syrians . 
  to everybody with half a brain that means get a syrian pass and you get to live in paradise . 
  it might have been a minor technicality , but merkel communicated it very badly . 
   just because it is obvious to you , it is n't obvious to people who may have never left the 100km radius of their hometown before their travel . 
  all they have to do is ask themselves one simple question : what could this person gain from lying to me ? 
  since these refugees probably paid the story tellers after hearing about the wonders of europe it should have been quite obvious what they could gain . 
  poor people are typically more sensible about money and scams , not less . 
  maybe its the other way around and the people that go home now were actually sheltered and wealthy . 
  unlike schroeder who worked very hard and had to threaten to resign several times to get his work done , merkel did next to nothing though . 
  schroeder worked for his goals , which ultimately earned him some degree of respect . 
  merkel just folded her hands for years and ignored all problems until she simply couldnt do so anymore . 
  if merkel had spend the last 3 years getting germany ready for this crisis i might have some sympathy for her standpoint . 
  but she refused to work , and now she demands that the rest of germany works to make up for her idiocy and quite literally pay the bills for her failed policies . 
  untrained people that dont speak german arent competition for highly skilled workers . 
  the real wages for shit jobs might go down , the real wages for people with proper education wont change much . 
   it just baffles me how you can sell out pretty much all your values like that . 
  yeah , a market friendly spd is almost as weird as an immigration friendly cdu huh ? 
   basically the government is doing a pretty good job overall . 
  unemployment went down significantly since merkel came to power , the economy is in decent shape , germany did n't get hit that hard during the 2008 crisis . 
  merkel didnt do anything for any of these things . 
  schroeder probably did more for this before cashing out in russia . 
  banning a party wont make their members go away . 
  the realistic result is a substantial boost for the afd . 
   with so many eastern european and eurasian citizens with high education levels and cultural affinity , vying to get into the eu , how can the asylum influx be economically justifiable ? 
  it was never about getting workers . 
  thats a stupid argument used by people that have no influence on the actual political decisions . 
  its an attempt to explain merkels weird refugee fetish , but its the wrong approach as anybody can tell by thinking about it for 2 seconds ( like you did ) . 
  its real . 
  most germans dont care about politics and sooner or later they will like merkel again even if she does absolutely nothing . 
  its why she has her office to begin with : people dont want to be bothered with politics . 
  merkel does just that , she doesnt act unless she is absolutely forced to do so . 
  then add the fact that there is no real alternative to her in germany and you get an exiting political culture . 
  edit : she also gave some interviews or something . 
  it was damage control for the upcoming state elections , but i guess people buy it . 
   and yet much fewer people come through spain because spain has good deals/a halfway reliable partner in morocco . 
  because everybody coming from syria , afghanistan , iraq , eritrea or pakistan would have to take a massive detour to get through spain . 
  and those countries are the ones with the biggest share of the asylum seekers at least germany gets . 
   the big mistake was not having had this deal since forever . 
  no , the big mistake is not taking care of the incentives for those migrants to come . 
  as long as it is worth coming to europe , nothing will do will ever truly fix this problem . 
  we are playing around and make deals with dictators to delay the symptoms of a problem that must be fixed at home . 
  we can not base our migration policies on the whims of egomaniacs . 
  the only actual long term solution is making sure its not worth coming . 
  of course they will . 
  she is holding course after all . 
  in a few months the crisis will magically solve itself ( because turkey and the balkan does what merkel is afraid to do ) and everybody can feel good about being a good person and supporting the great humanitarian merkel . 
  its the same as always : people like merkel because she doesnt act , she doesnt get her hands dirty . 
  she always finds others to do the dirty work or just ignores problems until they go away . 
  just like she did it with the greek problem . 
  the greek debt is unsustainable , everybody knows it . 
  but because she is afraid of taking the unpleasent steps to solve the issue ( grexit or debt cuts ) , she just gives greece another loan that they cant pay back and sits out the whole thing until somebody else fixes it . 
  this is what you get when a nation elects a goverment to feel good about themselves , rather than to get shit done . 
  maybe not comparable , but morocco isnt exactly a nice place to live either . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_in_morocco  freedom of the press is quasi-absent and many journalists are thought to practice self-censorship . 
  questioning the legitimacy of the monarchy or the actions of the king is a taboo and questioning the kingdom 's `` territorial integrity '' ( i.e. 
  the virtual annexation of the western sahara ) is illegal . 
  this is also pretty medieval :  it is illegal to proselytise for religions other than islam ( article 220 of the penal code , 15 years ' imprisonment ), 
  egypt and morocco are both dictatorships/monarchies . 
  that goes a long way towards their shitholeness . 
   well , all things considered , there are definitely enough turkish speakers in the eu to make a strong case for this . 
  you could also make a case that validating turkish as an official eu language would be counterproductive for their integration . 
  germany has more than enough turks that speak broken german at best , we dont need to encourage them further . 
   so you may think that wages have n't decreased , when in reality , they have . 
  that has nothing to do with the migrants though . 
  it was quite obvious that the minimum wage wont rise . 
  the spd mostly wants it to save what little of social democrat image they have left and dont care that much . 
  getting a `` weak '' minimum wage is enough for the image . 
  the cdu dislikes it anyway . 
  yeah they talked about it , then they noticed that the spd would defend minimum wage to the last man because they cant afford to betray their last 5 loyal voters . 
  so its not going to happen anytime soon . 
  even if it does , the profitability of low paid jobs sucks anyway . 
  the big money is made by large companies with well qualified employees . 
  companies like vw pay incredible salaries even for regular non university jobs because its worth it . 
  no migrant will be able to slide into a job like that . 
  we close the border and define an absolute limit for how much people we take per year/month/whatever . 
  this would be enough to get ee/v4 to accept a quota because they know what they cant expect rather than agree to take x % of potentially millions .
