   sounds to me like they are glorifying them by associating their cause as a just one . 
  or that they try to deconstruct the western ideas of matyrdom by showing what it looks like without the historical distance . 
  i mean its a bit tasteless either way , but i dont think its glorification . 
  if we 'd censor everything that could be used by extremist to justify their cause , we 'd have a shitty society . 
  this is very true . 
  what happened to the charlie hebdo people is actually closer to the type of martyr christian are typically comfortable with as well : people that were persecuted and killed for their beliefs . 
  soldiers memorials that remember both sides are in fact a thing and usually dont cause drama . 
  i mean if you get technical , we do glorify people that have killed and died for religious causes . 
  i get what the museum tries to do . 
  though i doubt they will get away with it . 
   that being said , are we in weu really going to keep pretending that russia is such a benign player in our region ? 
  who says russia is benign ? 
  russia is dangerous , but ultimately impotent . 
  there is a reason russia only screws with nations like the ukraine : because they are weak and not a member of eu or nato . 
  even putin knows it would be a very bad idea to openly attack the eu . 
  the ukraine paid the price for aligning eastwards . 
  most other ee nations were smart enough to align westwards and are safe because of it . 
   and the key is not waiting for one to come until considering maintaining a credible defense force . 
  which country could realistically become a threat against the eu in the next 50 years ? 
   to be honest your country does spend far too little . 
  there is no realistic threat against the eu and nato right now . 
  the ukraine got screwed because they were not in the eu or nato . 
  its their own damn fault . 
  you wont have more money . 
  there is no way in hell you 'd ( significantly ) cut spending in europe without increasing it in the pacific or something like that . 
  i doubt the us will do that . 
  i would like it if they did , but even the population is broadly in favor of playing world police . 
  well appareantly all the people downvoting him for making a correct statement dont agree . 
  you already did that . 
  in fact , you still have a deutsche bank dildo hanging out of your ass and tsipras is staring at it awkwardly . 
  because they still have a hardon for playing world police and consider russia their enemy , mostly because they know china is too big of a fish to fry for them sooner or later . 
  the us care about the baltics for the same reason they cared about germany after ww2 : because its a convenient country to fight russia from . 
  meanwhile a lot of germans dont see the nato as a military alliance to defend ee , they see it as us cannon fodder for their vacations in the middle east . 
  which is what the nato was used for in the last 15 years . 
  i still think cheese is something very european . 
  i mean most nations in europe have quite a few local cheeses and even vegetarians like cheese . 
  seriously , i try not to judge people . 
  but does somebody that doesnt like any cheeses really deserve citizenship ? 
  i mean you know , just something to think about ... 
  it would have been cheaper to buy a large airport somewhere and move it to germany , brick by brick . 
  kind of a weak attack . 
  if he wanted to , he could simply come out and go `` this is the kind of shit we want to stop , and we will abuse this until it does '' . 
  or he could simply say that he is getting the money back to the uk to pay for uk jobs . 
  i mean its not like he is saving up the money . 
  even the connections on this map arent that bad . 
  i mean sure there is no highspeed connection to poland , but the connections to france are decent . 
   especially considering the u.s is a modern first world country . 
  thats not a very useful argument . 
  a lot of europeans would probably agree that a modern first world country should not tolerate as much murders and violent crimes as the us do . 
  so in that sense : we already know that the us have lower or at least very different standards that wouldnt be acceptable in europe . 
  they might just have different economic standards that arent acceptable for us either . 
  free trade is a buzzword that can mean a thousand different things . 
  you can create policies and treaties that make perfect sense as a free trade policy , but are incredibly destructive for a society . 
  thats why just saying free trade is pointless and not an argument . 
  if they are essentially the same , we wouldnt need harmonization . 
  well it was bad for russia . 
  that doesnt mean its bad for putin . 
  i do think he didnt see the sanctions comming . 
  but ultimately : it polarized russia and drove more people to him . 
  he also made sure that the ukraine cant join the nato , which was probably the main objective to begin with . 
  i doubt putin ever planned to march on kiev and i doubt he is dumb enough to think that his puppets in the ukraine could conquer the country for him . 
  thats not an advantage , its a buzz word . 
   do you believe traditional western-style nuclear families with 2-3 or more kids and a white majority is bad ? 
  no , and i have yet to see anybody that says so outside of tumblr blogs and other meaningless plattforms . 
  though more than 3 kids is probably a bad idea for most people . 
  especially because its likely to force one parent to stay at home . 
   i want you to tell me if you think the family presented is not a good ideal . 
  i think lederhosen are a bad idea and even most bavarians agree with me , they rarely wear them outside of special occasions . 
   but broadly it 's an improvement on the unnatural , self-loathing , regressive attitudes of modern germany i would really like to know how you just happen to know germans so much better than me ? 
  i mean i live in germany . 
  hell i am certainly my family down to my great grandparents are german , my family even has a coat of arms style family crest . 
  yet you try to tell me whats the attitude of modern germany . 
  thats hilarious , damn it must have been quite a bit of work to dig a hole like this . 
  not sure whats the point though . 
  i am german , but god knows i couldnt be bothered to dig a freaking hole into a beach . 
  please report back if you ever find out . 
  especially if the answer is 42 . 
   do you guys just want to say traditional families with more kids and a white majority are bad ? 
  well go on . 
  wow , i think you are actually the target audience for this kind of carricature if thats your conclusion from reading the reaction . 
  i 'll make it simple : the picture is bad because it has nothing to do with germans . 
  if you take out the kid with the lederhosen it could be a generic western family . 
  in fact without the lederhosen most people would probably say its an american family from the 50s . 
  thats why its an effective carricature . 
  its not even german . 
  its shows generic conservativism , everything was better in the past crap . 
  its mindless backwardness condensed into a picture , with a generic `` its german '' sticker in the shape of lederhosen slapped on top of it . 
  it appeals to unreflected conservatives and the general desire for backwardness . 
  its like a memory . 
  incomplete and half forgotten , but it feels good . 
  the perfect bait for conservatives that lack self reflection . 
   but if you are dressed like that , you look german . 
  no , you look like what marketing people and tourists expect germans to look like . 
  even most traditional people in bavaria dont wear lederhosen outside of special occasions . 
  the picture is a carricature . 
  and the fact that people fall for it is actually very amusing . 
  this picture is not precise . 
  thats the point . 
  it shows a generic german family , something marketing people come up with when trying to show a picture of a german family , right down to the lederhosen . 
  this isnt what germany is , and maybe this doesnt even depict how germany was in the past .
