  our goverments didnt do shit to help us attract reasonably qualified migrants . 
  so somehow now we `` need '' to take in uneducated people that dont speak our language , hate our culture and arent worth shit for our economy . 
  you cant integrate people without jobs . 
  there are no jobs in eastern germany . 
  if you send the migrants there they will just rot in smaller gettos than they would in large cities . 
  merkel will not be overthrown . 
  its pretty hilarious that people speak of deposing her when nobody has managed to muster the courage to oppose her in any shape or form yet . 
  its good for their ego . 
  they can feel like superior human being for wanting to waste other peoples money to help those migrants . 
  so if i wouldnt move to x because the salaries are too low for my taste the country isnt safe ? 
  are you high ? 
  switzerland participated in the war in afghanistan . 
  so no excuse for you . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_afghanistan_%282001%e2%80%9314%29 ( under isaf ), 
  its not that easy . 
  if the us want a german citizen extradited , its a german-us problem . 
  if the us want a non eu citizen extradited that just happens to be in germany right now , what part of this would be our problem ? 
  i mean if the home country of the person would ask germany not to extradite the person , or extradite to them , sure . 
  but other than that germany would have to stake in that . 
  i swear gandalf will ride across the hill any second . 
  prevents your citizens from rotting in hellhole prisons that exist even in the us to some degree . 
  so germany cant cherrypick solidarity , but eastern europe can ? 
  well the french position makes sense . 
  not extraditing french citizens on principle seems like a good idea in general . 
  the polish court should have extradited him though . 
  they stole gas though . 
  they might have understandable reasons for doing so , but they still caused the problem . 
  putin certainly wouldnt stop the gas to germany for no reason , he needs us just as much as we need the gas . 
  most likely worse and more expensive . 
  its quite simple , everybody will pay more . 
  whats going to happen is that isps will sell `` priority access '' packages . 
  isps will charge a lot more for those . 
  which also removes any point of paying for new cables and hardware , after all the less hardware is available , the more you can charge for it . 
  which means that eventually , you will have to pay premium just to get proper internet access , which will result in an even more expensive premium service because everybody pays for the basic premium . 
  it basically stops isps from investing in new connection hardware and allows them to essentially blackmnail their customers . 
  well what do you think he should do ? 
  ask for help from a bunch of us lackies like the eu , or perhaps japan , or south korea ? 
  he was forced to ask nations for help that are not on the us payroll and big enough to be able to actually protect him . 
  thats a small list . 
  the us have already sentenced foreigners , including eu citizens , to death . 
  against all protest by their goverments . 
  doing so after an extradition isnt much worse , most european nations would still bow down to the us if shit hits the fan . 
  http://www.deathpenaltyinfo.org/foreign-nationals-part-ii#executed snowden is smart not to risk his life on the word of a bunch of spineless europeans . 
  trust the eu obviously means the current eu . 
  how would you measure trust into something that doesnt exist ? 
  if you dont like the club anymore , just leave and you wont have to pay your membership fee . 
  its not so hard . 
  tl : dr evil everywhere , somebody make me a dictator already so i can uhh , make all the evil go away . 
  how unexpected from the intelligence executive . 
   merkel ca n't force europe to do anything , or else the crisis would probably already be over , one way or another . 
  so austria and the balkan nations asked for a million migrants to walz through their territory on the way to fat welfare in germany ? 
  i dont think so . 
  the fact that such a law exists is bad enough though . 
  laws like this allow authoritarian politicians to play tyrant and intimidate people into submission . 
  a democracy shouldnt allow this . 
  so , good idea to get rid of these laws . 
  not sure , but it didnt sound like it was illegal . 
  i mean if the loophole is yet to be closed , using it isnt illegal , yet . 
  they were probably fined over something that was illegal already . 
  because there really is no such thing as a default . 
  argentinia is still going to court with some us companies over their default . 
  a debt cut after a default would mean that greece can actually get a fresh start , which would be good for greece . 
  it would also mean that we arent blackmailed into founding a failed state any longer , which would be good for us . 
  closing tax loopholes and pressuring tax heavens into raising taxes doesnt mean challenging capitalism and free trade . 
  well for once , there is no such things as free trade . 
  even the us have massive regulations for everything . 
   afaik , what they are doing is called transfer mispricing and is not legal in nearly every eu country , but they are exploiting a loophole in the irish tax code . 
  the irish has since reformed their code and the loophole will closed by 2020 if the loophole that allows this isnt close yet , its legal . 
  dont get me wrong these companies should be fined to shit , but you cant blame a company for trying to increase their profits . 
  you just have to assume that they will sell their soul to do so , and make sure your legislation is up to date . 
   may that be because this time `` the problem '' is also touching germany and the `` firm but necessary '' leadership is n't so easy to shoulder when it 's imposed on yourself ? 
  no its not , read the damn article . 
  during the issues with greece , merkel had the support of a majority of the ez and eu . 
  thats why it was the right thing to act like she did , she spoke for a majority and took the heat for them . 
  right now merkel doesnt even have a majority in germany for her ridiculous migration politics , and basically all of europe opposes her . 
  thats the issue , merkel forces europe do do what she , and only she wants . 
  against all reason and against all established standards . 
  a debt cut for greece would tear the ez apart . 
  all the nations that suffered through austerity would instantly fall apart and demand a better deal . 
  i 'd be the end of the euro . 
  you make it sound like thats bad . 
  i wouldnt mind giving greece a debt cut after a default . 
  but you cant give them a debt cut , and then throw even more money into the fire that you will never see again . 
  germany uses a lot of coal still , and we are particulary high and mighty when it comes to ecologic topics . 
  oettinger is a failure that got a cozy job in the eu to get rid of him . 
  its much nicer and easier to kick somebody upwards than downwards . 
  because the priority was on kicking him , not anything else . 
  everybody with half a brain knows what greece needs . 
  greece either needs to leave the ez , or get a massive debt cut . 
  i sure hope we will see the grexit . 
  yeah , its even kind of funny if you are german , but not completely retarded . 
  just watch all of the morons duke it out while helpless politicians find increasingly absurd justifications for their incompetence . 
  its like a bad doomsday movie . 
  which is the result of the general brainwashing . 
  as it turns out , joining an organisation of brainwashed people can backfire if you want to leave or start to disagree with the mainstream opinion within the organisation . 
  everybody with a brain would see that coming . 
  its pretty lame . 
  they try to be smartass about it , evil nazi parties on the rise and all that . 
  they also mix it up with weird and boring `` comedy '' . 
   they would be laughable if they were n't so dangerous .
