  i 've thought of buying a house down in the mountains one day . 
  i reckon it would be a good place to retire . 
  yeah sure , but its not a good place to work . 
  even you seem to realize that . 
  so like it all you want , you 'll stay away for economic reasons until those dont matter anymore . 
  if you punch people in the face , you get punished for punching people in the face . 
  if you spout racist shit , you get punished for spouting racist shit . 
  i am pretty sure it works like this everywhere , and this is how its supposed to work . 
  how does one fight against these `` stone age assholes '' ? 
  because right now , not just europe , but also the us and a lot of others are friends with the stone age assholes in saudi arabia . 
  guess everybody lost their balls ? 
  of course , a lot of countries are lovely if you are a tourist . 
  a lot of those countries are also pretty shit if you have to live there . 
  this happened already back when social networks became a thing . 
  now the companies are just starting to exercise the power they gained from naive users . 
  they are in the weird spot of not being able ( but occasionaly trying ) to position themselves slightly to the right of merkel . 
  but also being unable to position themselves left of her because the refugee problems dominate the news and left of merkel wouldnt be very popular on that issue . 
  i mean its their own fault for being merkels * stimmvieh * for so long , but its so awkward to see them struggle . 
  the spd hasnt figured out if they would work with die linke on a national level either . 
  but you attract more foreign workers by doing so . 
  obviously depends on how interesting your country is for other eu citizens . 
   why would it be harder to control rent of addicts with basic income than now , though ? 
  the whole point of basic income is that its unconditional and independant from peoples income . 
  this means that there simply wouldnt be the massive bureaucracy behind it to handle things like direct rent payments to landlords . 
  people get their money and thats it . 
  this is also one of the core arguments to finance basic income : reduced bureaucratic overhead . 
  also , right now landlords can ask about your income and if you are on welfare , ask for direct rent payments from the agency . 
  how would landlords do this with basic income ? 
  its much easier to determine a persons income with a yes/no question like welfare than with a precise income statement that shows how much else other than basic income you make a month . 
  criminalizing homelessness is also not very productive . 
  sure its good to get people of the street , but it gets them into glorified prisons rather than trying to help them rebuild their life . 
  it depends on how its organized . 
  in theory , thats possibly . 
  however in germany there is the option of having the rent part of your welfare directly paid to your landlord . 
  i havent seen something like this myself , but there are supposedly landlords that insist on getting the rent directly from the agency if you are on welfare and want to rent . 
  it would be hard to do this with basic income though . 
  the article doesnt seem all that bad for the * torygraph * , it even fails to discuss any potential solutions which fits perfectly . 
  though it always feels like the drama and the potential implosions of civilization are just not going to happen . 
  for all of its omnious predictions , the article even mentions that when the greek elected `` radicals '' they were very quickly deradicalized by the demands of realpolitik . 
  chances are something similar would happen of other populist parties manage to get into goverments or grab a significant number of parliament seats . 
   towards what the fuck are we supposed to strive improving the economic situation is one of the goals of european integration . 
  thats why we have things like eu regulations that make trade easier and why eu citizens can work in other eu countries easier than non eu citizens can . 
  sure there are a lot of rather abstract goals that sound lofty at best . 
  but its not like there isnt progress that benefits us right now . 
  and honestly : a significant part of the people that support right wing and populist politicians do so as a means of protest . 
  they feel like they are overlooked and want to get back at the established parties by supporting populists and small or fringe parties . 
  that is understandable to some degree , but its not a solution . 
  its a way of trying to force the established parties to change course . 
  most of those fringe parties and populists actually do not have any answers themself though . 
  they merely exploit the fact that the goverment doesnt have answers either . 
  thats honestly not a womans decision alone . 
  so it wont work . 
  the money we gave greece is gone . 
  we will never get it back . 
  all we can do now is cutting the losses and stop giving them more money they will never pay back . 
  inflation actually rewards investments and punishes letting your money rot on bank accounts . 
  not really , deflation is actually a nasty problem . 
  preventing it doesnt mean that a system is screwed . 
   government subsidized $ 1 jobs , yes . 
  nobody argues that the statistics arent polished a little . 
  but they always were , and the general economic situation in germany is in fact decent . 
   is n't greece on a verge of another need for bailout ? 
  yeah the last 86 billion plan was a 3 year plan . 
  somewhere around 2017/2018 greece will need another bailout . 
  the point is that by now , they have bend their own rules time and time again and are in too deep . 
  they are now in a position where their own `` investment '' might not be 100 % bulletproof anymore ( in case of a `` hostile '' default by greece ) . 
  thats probably one of the reasons for this : to pressure the ez into giving in so the imf can get out of this somewhat cleanly . 
  because if they dont , the non european imf members will riot sooner or later . 
   you do realise that private banks \u2260 the ez ? 
  afaik , greece isnt getting any new loans from the private market anymore . 
  loans come from institution with political reasons for supporting greece . 
   the only reason you are talking is we is because your idiot government publicised private losses . 
  read my post again , germany - the nation - is not even compelled to interact directly with greece in any of my posts . 
  we had to bail out greece to bail out the banks and prevent a chain reaction . 
  in case you didnt notice , a chain reaction in the us is what led to this mess . 
  if it wasnt stopped at some point it would have led to more issues , and probably more costs . 
  mind you the whole issue wasnt handeled perfectly , not even close all things considered . 
  but i dont think there was an alternative to some sort of bailout for banks back then . 
  you realize that debt relief + new loans is effectively gifted money ? 
  which is why any debt relief for greece has to be tied into a grexit . 
  i dont mind debt relief , but only if its the end of our liability for the greek budget . 
   this is difficult to work around ; the only real alternative that i know is a decently sized development bank ; development banks can invest strategically as a countercyclical measure without adding to the public debt . 
  but in the developed world , only germany ( kfw ) and spain ( ico ) have reasonably sized development banks afaik , several nations including greece are right now working on development banks like this . 
  the problem is that these banks rely on state backing . 
  the kfw has a stelar credit rating because its backed by the german state . 
  i doubt the backing of the greek state would be very beneficial . 
  so the ez should basically gift greece money , as much as they ask for ? 
  because thats what debt relief means : we cut their old debts , then give them new loans because they still need them . 
  then cut the debt of those new loans , rinse and repeat . 
  after all , greece did afaik get debt cuts already . 
  now they demand more loans and more debt cuts . 
   edit : i own a vw jetta as well , and i 'm happy with it , but protectionism should be met with protectionism . 
  exactly , the us burned vw at the stake for something their own companies did too , so now you get the bill for it . 
  glad you agree friend . 
   i 'm as pro-evolution as they come , but look at the huge support for creationism in america . 
  american christian evangelicals get a bad rep from the secular left , but it 's silly to say that they are violence-prone or fundamentalist on a scale that is true of many islamists . 
  not teaching evolution is not a problem on its own , its a symptom for bad education . 
  it shows that below the surface of universities , there is still a fundamental problem with how education is handeled in a country . 
  they were quite united during the refugee issue , but still couldnt prevent the vote on the 160k distribution . 
  now that idea imploded in practice , but the point stands : it was pushed through against the will of ee .
