  ironically , the nye events didnt have much to do with merkels ( current ) policies , the suspects were in germany for several years . 
  but of course they were brown people , so everybody was like `` what if brown people are actually evil ? '', 
  and merkels polls dropped like crazy within days . 
  either way , germany got what a majority wanted . 
  please wait a few years before you start spinning fantasy stories . 
  not that i dont appreciate a good fairytale and whatnot , but its a little obvious if you start this early . 
  i can tell you whats wrong . 
  you order the taxi on demand , it will drive only for you and you pay every single euro ( ? ), 
  of the bill . 
  if you take a plane , it doesnt just fly for you . 
  if you get a very cheap ticket , most of the cost you cause is compensated by the people with expensive tickets . 
  you also order ahead of time , and according to their schedule , not yours . 
  airplanes do not fly on demand . 
  i mean you can go ahead and try to get an on demand flight in a private jet that takes of only for you . 
  that should give you an idea of how different business models can influence cost and calculations . 
  this graphic is completely useless then . 
  its obviously going to show countries where beer is popular over those where stronger alcohol is popular . 
  fun fact : transportation isnt actually this cheap . 
  sometimes the best course of action to maximise profits is to accept a customer that causes you a loss . 
  thats because your costs are ( mostly ) static and dont change if you dont take this customer . 
  but the customer does give you money . 
  so if you 'd calculate this customers `` order '' as an isolated case with full cost pricing you 'd get a huge loss . 
  yet effectively , selling this guy a ticket in this situation still increases your profits . 
  thats just a result of awkward calculation . 
  simply put : that ultra cheap ticket is one that didnt sell otherwise . 
  so the price got reduced to the point where it will sell . 
  an empty seat on a plane is worse than a ridiculously cheap seat . 
  thats how an airline can afford to do this . 
  they do not make money . 
  the train company doesnt need or want to go this far , so its more expensive . 
  ultimately : no transportation isnt actually this cheap . 
  customers just benefit from some awkward case of hybrid costing and perhaps more importantly ; contribution margins . 
  exactly . 
  so if somebody , woman or not , actually feels like their city is getting increasingly dangerous ; take some self defense training . 
  even if you are lightweight , training can do a lot . 
  hell some basic training can help you using weapons like knifes or pepperspray properly without being disarmed and have it used against you . 
  most people that buy pepperspray right now just need a placebo to feel better . 
  which is understandable , but really doesnt justify the panic . 
  self defense training is the only reliable tool for self defense . 
  then again its mostly the countries with external border that didnt want foreign police on their soil . 
  greece itself has afaik refused to allow multinational agencies to support the local border patrols in the past . 
  europe cant force greece to allow this . 
  just a hint : `` civilians '' wont ever win an arms race against criminals . 
  in fact , do you really think a bunch of girls dressing up for nye would carry weapons ? 
  or rather : whats the chance of carrying a weapon for girls going out with friends vs horny thugs ? 
  i honestly doubt a pepperspray in a handbag does a lot vs an ambush . 
  if you actually want to feel safe , take a self defense course . 
  that makes using spray or knifes safer as well . 
   if you had to walk a few miles to get to your nearest neighbor in an emergency pepper spray wo n't help you against wolves or bears ; we have mountain lions around here too , and they can make quick work on your pets , farm animals or god forbid your kids . 
  too bad that a lot of people that `` need '' guns dont actually need them like you do . 
  its perfectly fine to have a gun or a rifle if you actually have to deal with dangerous animals like bears or whatever . 
  if you live in a suburb with 300 identical houses or an apartment in a safe city , chances are you wont meet any bears outside of gay bars . 
   you think women feel safe walking outside alone at night ? 
  yes , virtually all women that i know do in fact feel safe . 
  hell even those that talked about getting pepperspray after nye couldnt be bothered to actually buy one because its really mostly a placebo to feel better and they didnt need it after the rape hype was over . 
  guess its different in areas where women always felt a little bit weird going alone . 
  but even an nye scale event doesnt suddenly make a safe city unsafe . 
  with witty remarks ? 
  what is there to defend yourself against in western europe ? 
   i do n't know . 
  the german soldiers i 've spoke with said there is disrespect from the german populace . 
  of course they say that . 
  they notice the absurd glorification of the military that for example the us practise and want something like this for themselves . 
  too bad nobody in germany gives a fuck . 
  being a soldier is a job , its not any more useful to the public than being a police officer , a nurse or a teacher . 
  in fact i 'd argue that those 3 jobs are significantly more important than soldiers . 
   but the hatred for the military is pretty disgusting . 
  being soldiers are jobs too . 
  i personally dont spit at soldiers ( or anybody else for that matter ) . 
  but the problem with the german military is that they are hardly more than us lackeys . 
  sure there are some beneficial operations , but german politicians suck up to the us way to much and will deploy german soldiers as cannon fodder for us interests . 
  everybody who signs up for this shit cant expect to receive applaus for his decision . 
  there is no point in serving the whims of fools . 
  and especially in military matters , german politicians are fools . 
  4 % are completely ridiculous . 
  i 'd say even 2 % arent needed . 
  afaik germany spends around 1,1 which is probably not quite enough , but 2 % are unnecessary . 
  russia is not a military threat to europe anyway . 
  russia can go play with the ukraine because nobody in europe cares . 
  if they try to attack poland ( which they wont ) , europe will stick together and crush them . 
  putin uses the fact that europe doesnt consider him a threat to try and test his limits . 
  as the distinct lack of russian progress in the ukraine in the last few months shows : i think he figured them out . 
  well thats quite obvious , but a state that runs on a black/grey market like that cant be allowed into the eu . 
  they dont need to get into the eu either , we can support them without an eu invitation . 
  there is no such thing as nato quotas . 
  there are spending targets , which are explicitly recommdendations rather than quotas . 
  and if you dont like it , just leave the nato . 
  i wouldnt mind . 
  i wonder why we even bother with countries like that . 
  they really dont need to be in the eu to get support . 
  just help them do their thing , outside of the eu . 
  germany doesnt need more military . 
  we rarely invade people for the fun of it anymore . 
  getting our existing units in working order would most likely be more than sufficient for the bws current operational profile . 
   stop spreading bullshit then . 
  we had more than 800 cases in 2015 in germany where refugee people got beat up and nazis tried to burn the refugee homes . 
  but you wo n't talk about that . 
  edit stop spreading * this * bullshit . 
  these `` attacks '' werent 800 cases of beating up migrants and burning down houses . 
  this also includes minor crimes like propaganda .
