   would europe have the ability to resist putin rolling into the baltic states by ourselves assuming a trump presidency in the us ? 
  the us themselves do not have the ability to stop the russians from taking the baltics . 
  the entire idea of the nato isnt holding borders , its making sure that taking territory will backfire . 
  afaik , nobody in the nato expects to be able to defend the countries that border russia , just take them back and make the russians pay for their aggression . 
  true , but thats largely a cultural issue as well . 
  some muslim communities , for example in asia , dont have this problem . 
  its mostly certain muslim societies from the middle east and africa that are a problem . 
  so is the very german guy that flew a plane into a mountain also a terrorist now ? 
  mental illness is not automatically an excuse . 
  its not used to say `` he was ill , he didnt know better '' . 
  the point is that attacks from mentally ill people require a different fix than attacks from regular terrorists . 
  if you deny the reason for these events , you will never prevent them . 
  there is adifference between mentally ill and being a terrorist or criminal . 
  we just happen to have a few cases of as far as i can tell , actually mentally ill people commiting these crimes . 
  pretty sure most criminals and terrorists really arent mentally ill . 
  and it doesnt matter that isis does this . 
  what we need to change is that people get into a position where they are willing to kill themselves because of terrorist propaganda . 
  and the kind of people that are already radicalized like that should be kept out . 
  because if one thing in the world is certain , its that its impossible to remoave all propaganda and bullshit from the internet . 
  the turkey deal was the australia approach . 
  its not a good idea for various reasons , most notably giving shit countries with erratic goverments the option to blackmail us . 
  how about that : - asylum seekers are ineligible for citizenship no matter what - fixed quotas for asylum applications determined not by escapist dreams of deluded politicians , but local capacity to integrate refugees into our society . 
  - refugees have to register in camps in turkey or syria . 
  any refugee caught in europe will be deported to turkey/syria to register there . 
  this would instantly take out the smuggling business and could be done independant from other policies . 
  i know these are obviously all evil nazi ideas and i should be ashamed . 
  but it doesnt matter what isis does , not in this case . 
  10 years ago these people would have commited these attacks in the name of al quaeda . 
  they will just pick whatever terrorist group is en vogue at the time . 
  the main reason for these attacks lies in europe , not syria . 
  the solution to fix this has to happen here . 
  meh , you just dont get it . 
  its simple : large terrorist attacks carried out by members of large scale terrorist organisations can be prevented by taking out the organization . 
  lone wolf terrorist attacks can not be prevented by taking out any organizations and require a different approach . 
  therefore it is actually very important to make a difference between these 2 and other types of attacks , because they require different solutions to prevent them in the future . 
  the 3 attacks in germany werent elaborate plots planned by terrorist masterminds sitting in caves in pakistan or syria . 
  if you close your eyes and treat them like they were , you will never fix the actual problem . 
  if westminster cares so much , they will surely replace the eu funding . 
  after all they will save 350m a week / s, 
  nobody actually pays anything for the nato . 
  there are no membership fees . 
  its only about military budget . 
  and a significant part of the us military budget is used at home and in the pacific , which means its irrelevant for europe . 
  meanwhile , i would bet that virtually the entire military budget of europe is used locally . 
  and on top of that : europe could defend itself against russia if we wanted to . 
  good . 
  get rid of the illusion that we can pay despots to do our dirty work and do it ourself . 
  we have to get rid of the pull factors and figure out a way of reducing push factors at least a little . 
  the one in spain was afaik an enourmous attack though . 
  didnt it end up killing like 150 people ? 
  these kind of attacks are actually organized by terrorists . 
  the current attacks are mostly lone wolfs that act on their own and usually do so for personal reasons . 
  sure they might claim to do it in the name of isis or whatever , but isis or similar organisations arent the cause of the attack . 
  its a very different kind of terrorism . 
  this is 3 years old . 
  i am not sure if foreign citizens working in the uk would be as optimistic about it anymore these days . 
   most wo n't be put on trial they are getting purged for being ( perceived as ) enemies of erdogan . 
  would you bet the life and safety of yourself and your family on the fact that the sultan that fires you for being illoyal wont go any further than that ? 
  i dont think so . 
  they dont have to take them hostage . 
  considering erdogans influence , they could probably just keep an eye on them for a while and then get them with fake charges once public/international interest fades . 
  even dictators dont have to kick in doors all the time . 
  an ambassador that effectively deserts wont be an influential person . 
  and afaik , a relative of g\u00fclen himself was arrested a few days ago . 
  considering that g\u00fclen is appareantly satan and basically controlls turkey , your theory about influential people being safe doesnt seem to apply at the moment . 
  probably because bulgaria didnt play by the rules and refused to take him . 
  he was denied asylum because he should be deported , not the other way around . 
  i have seen no evidence for any malicious activities of this g\u00fclen movement against turkey . 
  i mean , turkey has submitted proof about g\u00fclens evil conspiracy to the us and asked for his extradition . 
  but he is still in the us . 
  that sort of implies that there isnt much actual proof , at least for now . 
  so , can you actually come up with any sort of reliable evidence that this sect is a serious threat for turkey ? 
  a threat that justifies basically eliminating the seperation of powers in a democratic system no less . 
  dont get me wrong , i am sure that some g\u00fclen followers might try to plot against erdogan . 
  but i very much doubt that they are successful or even a relevant threat . 
  erdogan just uses them as scapegoats to grab as much power as he can . 
  just a trial run . 
  if it works , expect inexplicable floods on the eastern border of germany , soon . 
   the other operates with stealth and by taking over institutions from the inside . 
  yeah , erdogan and his lackeys wont make sure that any public servant that is fired will be replaced with one that is loyal to the akp no matter what . 
  that cant possibly happen . 
  everything will be fine . 
  keep smiling . 
   purges are directed against g\u00fclenist ( islamists - yes all 50k + of them - ) considering the gravity of purging basically the society of a democratic nation , i very much doubt this until we see proof . 
  which is obviously not going to happen . 
  but i wonder : you say g\u00fclen is as bad as erdogan . 
  so how does it improve anything if the evil g\u00fclen conspiracy is replaced with an erdogan conspiracy ? 
   why are we the ones responsible for educating people who we 're already helping ? 
  this is madness . 
  because it makes it easier for us and them ? 
  because you arent helping anybody if you let refugees rot without information about their new life and integrating them ? 
  seriously , give me one advantage of not integrating people . 
  cost isnt an argument either . 
  integrated people have a better chance to find a job and pay taxes . 
  there is a good chance a lot of the footsoldiers had no idea what was happening either way . 
  if anything , their officers were the ones used by higher up militaries . 
  its hell of a lot harder to kill people with knives . 
  it also requires more effort and the attacker isnt as detached from his victims . 
  i am pretty sure a guy with a knife would have been overwhelmed by citizens once he left the mc donalds . 
  not really .
