   i dislike trump 's methods ( because i think that ban on 7 muslim majority countries does nothing to solve the problem ) but i agree with him that we need stricter immigration laws and better ways to assimilate people into our society . 
  the problem is that these 2 points should add up to something hugely negative . 
  because democracies are heavily based on doing things the right way , rather than doing the right thing . 
  what constitutes the right thing is subjective . 
  but the * right way * of doing things is not . 
  democracies require certain procedures and a certain mindset in their societies to work . 
  trump destroys the foundation of democracy . 
  it doesnt matter if his ideas are super beneficial for everybody or if he is mao 2.0 . 
  he sacrifices the very base of our society to reach his goals . 
  that makes him a threat and somebody no citizen of a democratic country should support . 
  regardless of what you think of his policies . 
  it doesnt even matter what he said . 
  its always the same . 
  he made a nebolous comment that he cant really be held accountable for . 
  for most people with a brain its as empty as he said it . 
  for his supporters it sounds like `` swedistan boys , gon na get these motherfuckers some freedom soon '' . 
  at the end of the day sweden is a safer place to live than the us . 
  that doesnt mean there arent any problems that need to be fixed . 
  asylum isnt meant to be a ticket for a better life . 
  germany is far away from any unsafe country . 
  these people went out of their way to go to germany after they were safe . 
  our entire asylum policy is based on the fact that this doesnt happen . 
  if everybody that lives a somewhat safe , but terrible life would make a run for germany , our system wouldnt work . 
  so we give people the benefit of doubt ( that they arent just money migrants ) , when realistically : most or all of the ones that made it to germany are . 
  its perfectly understandable to try and improve your life , but we owe these people nothing . 
  most certainly not a better life . 
  actually , nato maneuvers have afaik proven thow easy it is to take out carriers . 
  pretty sure german subs can reliably take out supercarriers , escorts be damned . 
  yeah germany is doing fine already . 
  its pretty good that france manages to keep up again . 
  europe needs more than one leader . 
  they have already exploited our trust by being in germany to begin with . 
  sure we could do that , but we 'd have to stop sending money to greece the very same moment . 
  if they cant pay their existing debts in time , they cant afford any more debts . 
  i dont think greece would like this option very much . 
  its basically the grexit option . 
  which would be a 50 + % debt cut in disguise . 
  if we are willing to void most of their debt , we might as well void all . 
  this isnt a problem . 
  the problem is that you cant forgive debts , then grant them new `` loans '' the next day . 
  you can either : 1 . 
  insist on being paid while giving out new loans ( status quo ) 2 . 
  call off the debt and dont give them another cent ( grexit ) 3 . 
  forgive the debt , stop pretending and just flat out say that greece gets money up in the ass until the end of time and they never have to repay it in any shape or form ( fiscal suicide ) good luck getting elected if you pick option 1 or 3 . 
  germany is one of many ez members that is tired of funding the greek budget . 
  a * majority * of the ez decided to let greek rot , germany is just the posterboy that takes the heat . 
  this is not a german decision . 
  the greek will be the first to scream sovereignity once they learn what a fiscal union entails . 
  yeah so lets copy a system that already doesnt work on small scale and use it to crash the eu and ez permanently . 
  what a good idea . 
  fiscal transfers require representation . 
  the greeks got the money years ago and spend it for something that obviously didnt do much . 
  so yes the money they get now went into their pockets years ago . 
  oh just shut up already . 
  you are building a strawmen just to make your argument look better . 
  nobody here claimed he isnt entiteled to his opinion . 
  the guy isnt an oppressed minority fighting the good fight against the evil press elites . 
  stop trying to pretend he is . 
  an enemy that wishes you prosperity is a much better partner than a friend that wants you to fail and shatter into easily dominated idiocracies . 
  china is not our friend , but they value stability and trade . 
  thats something we can work with . 
  europe is in no position to do anything about chinas human rights issues anyway . 
  hell we cant even talk our so called friends in the us to stop their human rights violations . 
   if the us withdrew from the world and china or russia starts fucking with eu exports to the world what are you going to do about it ? 
  if they start invading and hoarding oil supplies what are you going to do about it ? 
  china and russia are both a hundred times more reliant on exports than the eu . 
  both countries are desolate shitholes that depend on exports to make sure their goverments can buy the goodwill of the population . 
  china still has like 300 million wandering laborers and russia barely has any exports outside of oil/gas and other raw ressources . 
  china in particular is also very rational about this . 
  they will never mess with global trading . 
  its not like its any different the other way around . 
  poland and most of eastern europe is quick to talk of uniting when it comes to something they need . 
  they were just as quick to tell everybody to fuck off when asked to take refugees . 
  mind you i dont agree with merkels policies at all . 
  but if ee flat out rejects unity every time its inconvenient for them , what do they expect ? 
  poland takes 14 billion euro per year from the eu and as soon as something is asked of them they whine and scream sovereignity . 
  this is not how you get your allies to support you if a real crisis hits . 
  the eu was always intended to lead into a federation at the very least . 
  everybody that doesnt want it can get out and join efta . 
  we 'd be printing 1 billion eur notes within a decade . 
  there is no limited nuclear strike . 
  if russia launches nukes against any eu targets , we should burn moscov of the map . 
  nukes are not a toy . 
  nobody is . 
  the only potential threat would be russia . 
  and even russia knows it would be suicide . 
  its not a coincidence that eu members have not seen anything similar to what happened in the ukraine yet . 
  if anything , the media manipulation in europe and the us is a sign of russian weakness . 
  they know they dont have any chance to attack us from the ouside , so they try to cripple us from the inside by founding idiot politicians that would weaken our societies if elected . 
  development aid is security for tomorrow . 
  because trump basically declared the nato obsolete on a whim . 
  as long as he is in office and does not explicitly apologize for this comment , whatever his underlings say has no value . 
  for all we know trump will declare the nato obsolete again via twitter next time a politician from ee angers him . 
  mind you i couldnt care less about the nato , but still . 
  you can check the nutrients on the label . 
  if the nutrients are okay and it tastes well , does it matter that its not the same product ? 
  if it tastes bad or the nutrients show weird stuff , you stop buying . 
  i dont see the issue at all . 
  the greek debt is a symptom , not the core problem . 
  the core problem is that the greek society is rotten to the core .
