  do you even realize that if other eu members would act like you want poland to act , the eu would be dead tomorrow ? 
  i find it really amusing that so many people here argue for what is essentially the end of the eu . 
  so what you are arguing for is an utterly corrupt eu that has no functioning rules whatsoever because everybody does what they want ? 
  this is the kind of eu you want to be a member of ? 
  good luck with that . 
   it depends a lot on what `` his part '' is , and who/how decides that . 
  no its not . 
  poland has accepted the legal system and the decision making process of the eu . 
  that is all there is to it . 
  poland agreed to this eu structure and it took all of the money that this decision making progress ended up sending its way . 
  now that there is one inconvenient decision , two decades of support doesnt mean anything anymore . 
  if thats what we can expect from poland , they need to get the fuck out . 
  not because they dont want migrants , i honestly dont give a shit about these morons either , but because poland can not accept the rules of the eu even though they agreed to them . 
   i am so sick of people mixing up migrants and eu funds together . 
  both are eu policies . 
  if you want to benefit from eu policies , you buy the whole package . 
  you cant just pick the policies you like and ignore the rest . 
  this isnt about refugees , its about legal issues . 
  do you accept the rule of law ? 
  when it comes to defining themselves , their identity and the core of their very being , very few people can be honest to themselves . 
  religion is also a controversial topic . 
  there is a reason most religions have thousands of sects and different interpretations of their rules and holy texts . 
  most religions are based on texts that are inherently inconsistent and allow interpretation because there is no coherent ideology . 
  you make it sound like tanks are rolling into any country leaving the eu . 
  which is obviously idiotic and not going to happen . 
  every country leaving has a ton of options to get a deal . 
  realistically : every country would be offered eea/efta membership and if thats not good enough there is always the option of a trade deal . 
  nobody will starve because they leave the eu . 
  so stop whining , you have a choice . 
  deciding not to leave means making a choice . 
  for most people in western europe , being religious isnt much different than being an atheist . 
  this depends much more on how you spin the question than the content of the question . 
  it also only covers peoples own sense of self and perception , which doesnt say much . 
  can you figure out what the fuck you are whining about ? 
  first you whine about eu development aid for other countries , now you whine about that the chinese beat us by spending more ? 
  you sound like you just want to talk shit about something without having the faintest idea of what you are talking about . 
  peru isnt in africa . 
  bridges are cheaper than bombs . 
  development aid is ultimately a way to buy influence . 
  if it works , it works . 
  all eu members are sovereign countries because they can leave at any point in time . 
  the eu can do whatever the fuck it wants and it wouldnt interfere with anybodys sovereignity as long as they have the choice to simply leave . 
  you need to find a new buzzword if you want to defend crazies like orban . 
  no you cant and its not a matter of will or money . 
  unless you send warships to straight up sink any ngo or migrant vessels you can not close a sea border . 
  you cant really defend sea borders . 
  you need somebody on the land border . 
  for north africa , that means lybia , tunisia , etc. 
  oil prizes might fall , but the world will depend on oil for decades to come . 
  the saudis also sit on a ton of money that they will and already do invest into foreign nations to gain influence . 
  dont get your hopes up about a sudden collapse of their regime or influence . 
   let 's show a bit of european solidarity ? 
  solidarity with what ? 
  with the people that elect and support those conspiracy nutjobs ? 
  hell no . 
  this isnt how democracy works . 
  if you support this kind of crazies , you will and should be called out for it . 
  ignorant people dont deserve any safe spaces . 
  you said it yourself : this stupidity must be taken seriously . 
  so lets not sweep it under the rug just to be polite and not hurt anybodies feelings . 
  only if you live in hungary . 
  if you dont , its quite entertaining . 
  almost as if orban runs a competition against trump over which goverment looks more embarassing . 
  at the end of the day , its always good if goverments show their true colors like this . 
  at least you know what to expect from them . 
  everybody would be happy if you 'd just enforce your 12,5 % tax , rather than give multinationals like apple a special deal . 
  12,5 % is already low , but thats fine if it works for you . 
  really ? 
  thats going to be legal ? 
  to what extend ? 
  because the article doesnt mention that . 
  that pretty harsh . 
  and people call germany a police state for deleting shitposts on facebook . 
  are we going to get an article every time random bank opens a 5 man office in the eu now ? 
  the british press seems really desperate to push some 3rd rate propaganda . 
  wannabe autocrats sucking up to the real deal . 
  not exactly a surprise . 
   what ? 
  so social media platforms should only be reserved to propagate the current pc narrative ? 
  they always were . 
  they always moderated content based on their internal guidelines . 
  guidelines the users did not know , at least until the moderation handbook leak from facebook a few weeks ago . 
  do you think facebook isnt moderated right now ? 
  do you think reddit has any trace of free speech ? 
  this law doesnt change anything for these plattforms . 
  the hate speech term is a false translation anyway . 
  this law explicitly doesnt cover opinions . 
  and yes they will delete aggressively . 
  if you dont like it , stop using facebook . 
  unless you have only a hand full of contacts , everything you see on facebook is filtered . 
  facebook decides what you see , with as much input from your behaviour as they deem useful . 
  social media is tightly controlled by the people configurating its algorithms . 
  i mean facebook itself has admitted experiments to controll and manipulate its users emotional state . 
  you have to be pretty ignorant to believe that they have no influence on the information you perceive on their plattform . 
  facebook will enforce this at gun point and tell their moderators to delete anything that could possibly lead to being fined . 
  they have to enforce this themselves , the police will do absolutely nothing . 
  thats the entire point of the law . 
  maybe dont use walled garden social networks that are impossible to police from the outside and you wont depend on the whims of underpaid moderators to prevent your stuff from being deleted . 
  nobody can force you to use facebook privately . 
  even if your company somehow forces you to use it for job related communication , you arent forced to use it outside of that .
