  its an eu problem . 
  saying its not their problem means saying they dont give a shit what happens to the eu as a whole . 
  but its true . 
  countries like poland shit on the refugee policy , but they provide no actual alternatives to it . 
  what is polands plan to stabilize syria ? 
  where is polands diplomatic innitiative to work out an `` australian solution '' with lybia ? 
  seriously , what has poland done to actually help solving this crisis beyond criticizing countries that at least tried to find a solution ? 
  yes the solution we have sucks , few would seriously argue against that . 
  but as one of the loudest voices against it , poland should at least come up with a better idea . 
  the rest of v4 and probably several other eu members arent any better . 
  they dont actually care about the refugee situation , they are happy germany fixed it in a way that costs them nothing . 
  they just use it for cheap propaganda . 
  thats not how anybody that has an interest in the very existance of the eu would act . 
   so yes , they also do n't consume enough and how i am wrong ? 
  op argued that demand is already capped out and giving people more money wont change demand . 
  i said thats bullshit and giving people more money would in fact increase demand , much more so if you give poor people more money . 
  i think you didnt understand my post to be honest . 
  in theory , you are correct . 
  but thats not how it works in practice . 
  if labor becomes a hard to get good , its price will increase . 
  that will shift the balance of labor vs automatization towards the latter . 
  you 'd be surprised just how much things could be automatized . 
  if you have no idea what to use it for , there is always education . 
  smaller classes for schools , improved funding for universities , fair pay for teachers of elementary and other `` basic '' schools , etc. 
  oh and to my knowledge , childcare is still insufficient in a lot of regions . 
  and well , if we really dont know where to put all of that money , we could always actually bail out greece . 
  hell i personally dont want to , but i mean if you somehow dont have anything better to do with a ton of money , might as well use it for something slightly useful . 
   also a massive meme when so much is imported and when the economy is already very saturated in demand , thats actually hilarious . 
  you have no fucking idea what you are talking about . 
  in a capitalist economy , there is no `` demand saturation '' . 
  there can be no limit to demand , not even in theory . 
  the question is how useful that demand is . 
  the demand from spreading 1b euro across a million people is more useful for society than giving 1b to one person . 
  our economy is a buyers market for 99 % of its goods , that means there are always more goods offered than demanded . 
  therefore giving poor people more money to spend would directly lead to economic growth . 
  ( demand  prices increase  investments become more profitable  investments ) . 
  because poland wants the ability to fire judges with a goverment majority . 
  thats the issue here . 
  meanwhile in germany , the judges of the consitutional court can only be fired by their peers and only for gross misconduct like committing crimes . 
  the german goverment cant do shit if the constitutional court keeps ruling against them . 
  they have no leverage whatsoever to effectively fight the court . 
  since there is no such thing as not voting . 
  every person that doesnt throw a paper into a ballot box does still vote . 
  their vote is `` i agree with the result of this election , whatever it may be '' . 
  pretty sure almost all goverments in europe came into power with a comparably small `` majority '' . 
  there is always the options of cutting funds indirectly . 
  not sure when the next eu budget needs to be negotiated , but at that point there should be options to greatly reduce the money going to poland and perhaps hungary without explicit sanctions . 
   overall , if i remember correctly , poland was above eu average when it comes to public support which is worthless . 
  polands gets massive eu subsidies and benefits greatly , of course are people going to like the eu . 
  that is , until the eu asks something of them . 
  fair weather supporters dont matter . 
  what matters is what people are willing to do to make the eu work . 
  judging from the poll i posted , poland isnt willing to do much . 
  in fact , poland isnt even willing to honor its own word just because it was given by a goverment that was kicked out . 
  you are clueless . 
  we can not protect an industry that refuses to innovate . 
  sure we can keep it alive for a decade or two . 
  but if our own industry refuses to accept that diesel is dead and electric cars are the future , it will die soon . 
  this isnt about us vs them . 
  this is about whether or not we want to have a car industry in europe in 30 years . 
  if we want to , we need to stop providing incentives to stick to outdated technologies . 
  subsidies are perfectly fine , but we need to focus them on useful technologies . 
  vw insists that diesel is the future . 
  so fuck them . 
  help companies that actually innovate . 
  look , the guy is probably a troll or a right wing nut or whatever . 
  but you are making him look good with your uhh `` arguments '' . 
   for some reason poland fell for this , probably have a diformed view of real politics around and orban just take profit the reason being that they have no other choice and need allies in the eu to avoid being formally isolated because their population is still somewhat eu friendly . 
  solidarity means supporting somebody on based on principles . 
  this is just a deal . 
  do you want our car industry to fail ? 
  you cant protect companies from their competition forever . 
  out industry needs to innovate for its own sake and for our country . 
  artificially protecting them kills innovation and will destroy the industry eventually . 
  these companies need to accept that diesel is dead and benzin will be dead in 20 years . 
  this is also corruption , you cant seriously defend straight up corruption because it would be inconvenient to deal with it right now . 
  german politicians will defend the car industrie to the last man . 
  it will be difficult to properly punish these companies . 
  which is really irrelevant . 
  they are wrong , whatever . 
  you cant kick people out of a country for supporting stupid parties and ideologies . 
  doing so would be a bigger threat to democracy than 30.000 idiots could ever be . 
  except germany has much higher threshholds ( 2/3 in both chambers ) for electing judges . 
  the judges also can not be fired by politicians , they can only be fired by their peers . 
  since they also cant be reelected , there is no intrinsic motivation for them to be nice to the goverment or anybody else . 
  they cant be rewarded or punished by the goverment for anything they do . 
  our system isnt perfect , but its hell of a lot better than the one party state you 're about to get . 
  the us have a vast bureaucracy . 
  a single minister wont gain controll of the entire aparatus of the state department this quickly , if at all . 
  to some degree , the structure itself enforces a certain decision making process and a certain long term policy . 
  it would probably be a herculean effort to change it . 
  and i dont think trumps cabinet cares enough about their boss to put their own carreers on the line for him . 
  not anymore at least . 
  kind of a worthless number for a geo default sub or w/e its called . 
  so you admit you think this is ridiculous , only to engage in it yourself . 
  that makes 0 sense . 
  you have no clue about german politics . 
  so just stop pretending you do . 
  but he is right . 
  these migrants and islamist arent exactly smart .
