  its mostly about the name . 
  we have civil parnerships for a while now . 
  there is a difference between those things though . 
  the `` we '' that won the worldcup is ultimately our current society . 
  i can understand that people feel connected to this since they contribute to this society , even if they didnt kick the ball into the box themselves . 
  meanwhile the society that killed several million jews and elected hitler doesnt exist anymore . 
  germany changed a lot since then and realised that mistakes and accepted the crimes that were commited . 
  its not the same society anymore , not the same `` we '' . 
  the more stupid politicians use that card , the less will anybody in europe care . 
  i personally dont give a shit about israel and hate that we gave them nice subs for free . 
  i mean they can have the subs for all i care being nominal allies and whatnot , but we really shouldnt pay their bills . 
  yeah but this isnt starship troopers and these things arent thrown into random holes to kill bugs . 
  the second any party involved into any conflict breaks out the nukes , not matter how tiny , everything will go to shit . 
  its a niche occupation . 
  if you have a mechanical/electronic engineering phd you can probably start at 4-5k . 
  student , income around 750 a month . 
  - 380 for rent ( including water , heating and electricity ) - 30 for internet ( 16k ) - ~ 210 for food and daily needs ( 50 per week to be precise ) rest is saved or used for irregular spending like buying clothes , pc stuff or w/e i happen to need . 
  actually , beyond sausages and sauerkraut , i seem to remember that we have a lot more varried bread than other european nations . 
  thats the only thing i can think of that would represent germany as a whole rather than a specific region . 
  well aside from beer , but some regions are more into wine anyway . 
  but its only 2 words , much more efficient !, 
  so i am curious about one thing : how common is the `` offer object x as gift if guest comments on it '' custom really nowadays ? 
  because it does seem sorta outdated and i would totaly fuck up the politeness judo involved and probably not dare to say anything . 
  but you can buy the cd , make some nice high quality flac rips and deposit those . 
  maximum quality and maximum security . 
  i sometimes buy cds to have a high quality `` backup '' that i can use should i ever get an audio system that isnt called a headset . 
  though its mostly because i dont like spending money on shitty low quality mp3s . 
  if wave or flac would be the standard for download music , i 'd probably buy those . 
  human lives are always at stake . 
  you can literally save lives by donating to charities at every possible moment of your live . 
  i guess the drama is a greek invention or something , but still . 
  doesnt matter that the passengers are hungry if you ship is sinking . 
  make sure you wont sink , then you can start cooking . 
  uhh if your productivity is comparable to those nations , then yes having similar salaries would make sense . 
  otherwise : not so much . 
  its easy to be pro immigration if its a limited problem . 
  once the reality of mass immigration hits , its not quite as easy anymore because the economic/social problem it causes become visible . 
  at the end of the day its not about left or right , its about controling immigration to a point where it can be useful for europe and the immigrants . 
  i guess its not as fun of a joke if you actually live in turkey . 
  he wasnt just low , he was a contractor , not a cia internal afaik . 
  and this just smells like a smear campaign . 
  especially since snowden cant possibly be stupid enough to carry this data when traveling to china . 
  indians might not be the best example . 
  in general : its easier to get on the dramatic side of an ideology if you dont have to deal with this ideology on a day to day basis . 
  jewish lobbies in the us , turks in germany and similar groups often hold very radical views because they dont have to live in israel/turkey and dont get to see the consequences when these theoretical positions are translated into actual politics . 
  this is actually one of the reasons for the jihad tourism we see . 
  its easy to imagine the glorious holy war for allah if you are a lost in luxury west european twenty something with vaguely arabic roots . 
  once you get to syria and sit in the shit , the glory usually goes out of the window really fast . 
  the islam is a threat to western culture as long as muslims consider religion more important than secular values and laws . 
  not because the islam itself is so bad , but because religion in general is a threat to modern societies if taken too seriously . 
  back then a default would have been much worse . 
  now that other problematic cases like spain dont look quite as bad anymore , defaulting greece is much safer . 
  it did cost a lot of money alright , but it was the safe choice . 
  and considering the potential damage of fucking these things up , a safe default a few years later with a few billions of tax money down the drain is an acceptable loss . 
  they can pay up . 
  they wont like what they 'd have to do in order to scratch the money together , but they could pay up if they wanted to . 
  to be honest : the politicians are done at this point . 
  what we need now is a simple vote : keep the euro and accept the demands of eu and iwf , or leave . 
  greece cant have both , not anymore . 
  time to make a decision . 
  so i dont have much insight into the operation of a nuclear power plant . 
  but the article actually says that the new reactor will never be profitable . 
  i dont even care for all of the corruption and intransparency . 
  but if this project isnt even economically sound in a best case scenario without corruption and constructions delays , it sounds like a really bad idea . 
  seemed to have a good life too . 
  cant imagine he 'd do lotr for money . 
  so whats the context for this ? 
  how was it done , what was the situation described to the participants ? 
  fight for your country is a pretty vague thing . 
  i mean if you ask a german if they would `` fight for their country '' as part of a nato intervenition into iran , they will probably say no . 
  if you ask if they would fight because the frenchies are invading , most would probably say yes . 
  then again its not your car and you wont be held responsible for what you did to the car after you hand it over to the next owner , so why bother ? 
  just use the money on the pool you always wanted and have a good time . 
  politics are great , arent they ? 
  you make it sound like a conflict of 2 opposing sides running on realpolitik . 
  meanwhile the established story line of history is very much that ze evil german attempted world domination and had to be stopped . 
  and yes this is the image that is used basically worldwide . 
  and this very image of the forces of goodness and freedom vs the evil itself was also used for the wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  a lot of this is a political issue . 
  there was no relevant military threat to european security until putin started getting bold in the last few years . 
  which means europe had 20 + years whithout any reason to spend money on the military . 
  in a situation like this , politicians are all too willing to cut military spending to get more money for their projects and promises . 
  its quite tempting to reduce the maintenance on your tanks if you are a thousand kilometers and a see/ocean away from any country that even mildly annoys you and have no interest in bombing dictatorships into democracies . 
  i like how you agree that its a serious concern , only to brush it off and mention random other things . 
  you 'd think one serious concern about this treaty would be enough to stop agreeing to it blindly ? 
  the point is that a lot of people think the `` equivalent '' us standards are absolutely not equivalent . 
  which is in fact a very good reason to oppose ttip . 
  theoretical economics . 
  in practice , we dont have the level of transparency and instant information to make this work . 
  die linke is a joke . 
  the party was founded by a merger of the pds which were more or less the remnant of the old gdr and a radical socialist/populist party called wasg that emerged after the harz reforms from shroeder . 
  ironically , the pds was the realistic part of the party because they actually participated in several state goverments in east germany in the past and knew whats its like to actually run a state rather than just shit on the politics of those that do . 
  the wasg were a bunch of deluded west german morons that with a lot of completely unrealistic demands . 
  the merger poured all of this shit together and after several years they still struggle to figure out whether they want to be a relevant party and tone down their absurdities a bit or if they want to remain a far left socialist joke that will never participate in any serious goverment . 
  its also worth noting that die linke was monitored by the verfassungsschutz ( a federal intelligence agency that protects the constitution ) for a while because they were that bad . 
  and while i dont agree with not supporting the nato , the only reason why uk and france are willing to fight is their delusions of still being relevant internationally . 
  i mean those nations have aircraftcarriers they havent used for anything meaningfull in a long time . 
  that happens if you take notes from the usa for too long friend . 
  i really hate that we had to bomb libya . 
  italy had such a nice deal with them that took care of all of these refugees .
