  and honestly , guns arent toys . 
  its perfectly fine to be on the safe side of things with gun regulation rather than play lose and hope for the best . 
  if that means you dont get a tacticool looking assault rifle converted to a semi and have to make due with a boring regular semi automatic rifle , well i assume you 'll survive this shame . 
  and its completely pointless to argue about automatic rifles . 
  no civilian that isnt working for some hardcore pmc ever needs a fully automatic rifle , end of the story . 
  your example of gun casulties is also quite flawed , but you can check / r/vokegaf 's post for that . 
   no more weapons converted to single fire . 
  regardless of what you think of the rest , this makes sense . 
  the conversion process and legal requirements were afaik very hard to monitor properly . 
  if automatic weapons arent legal and we can not guarantee that automatic weapons converted to single fire cant be converted back , not allowing conversions is the only option left . 
  this isnt even limiting what kind of guns people are allowed to have . 
  it just makes it much easier to enforce existing regulations . 
  i 'd dare to say that downing street in particular didnt get russian money for this . 
  this farage guy on the other hand just might . 
  but he doesnt ban making curry . 
  he would probably be allowed to do that or at least something to that effect . 
  he bans brown people because they might make curry . 
  if he 'd be so concerned about the smell he could add a clause that forces renters to clean up the smell and have the carpet cleaned upon moving out . 
  but this guy is straight up incompetent and cant help but show his racism when it absolutely isnt necessary to achieve his stated goals . 
  because our goverment is lethargic . 
  which can be an advantage when dealing with little boys throwing a tantrum . 
  but it also means any changes in policy always take forever . 
  this topic wasnt on the news much until recently , so there is only limited public awareness . 
  without public pressure absolutely nothing will be done about this . 
  they are supposed to spy on leadership and intelligence agencies . 
  they are not supposed to spy on the entire population . 
  the german agencies are by now essentially traitors . 
  they get around not being allowed to spy on our own population by spying on other populations , then trade this with us agencies for data on our people . 
  they follow the law to the letter , but the clearly violate the spirit of the law . 
  thats why indiscriminate spying on foreign populations is bad : it allows intelligence agencies to get around the laws they are supposed to uphold and means they are virtually impossible to control . 
  people forget that these agencies are a means to an end . 
  there is no absolute security and there never will be . 
  more surveillance should never be a cause of its own , it should always be a tool . 
  a tool that needs to be evaluated and balanced out with civil rights . 
  though in practice most western agencies are probably out of control already and care little about laws and moderation . 
  they sell their lies quite well too . 
  most people would probably believe that more surveillance will always make the country safer , no matter what . 
   dunno , depends . 
  the same was said with germany . 
  east germany still isnt anywhere close to western germany as far as economy goes . 
  and part of the reason that it got this far is that people simply left . 
  most cities in eastern germany have been shrinking until very recently , while most cities in the rest of the country are growing quickly . 
  and even to achieve this much we spend 2 trillion euro . 
  so no , north korea would most likely never truly recover even after a unification . 
  pretty sure that wouldnt be legal in most of europe . 
  its pretty messed up . 
  you can wear whatever the hell you want . 
  just make sure you look smug while doing so and nobody will care . 
  so the `` good '' goverments get a free trial run of some good old oppression here and there while the bad guys get called out for every single oppressive act ? 
  thats some ambitious double think right there . 
  then again a protester doesnt really care what the color of the boot is he gets applied to his face . 
  most german supermarkets dont sell 100 % mango juice either , regardless of price . 
  i know , i 'd buy it a lot if they did . 
  if anything they have turned away from established media and towards even more sensationalist media designed purely for use on social networks . 
  media consumed on social networks is more sensational , because it has to be . 
  social networks are not about differentiated discussions and views , they are about feelings and group thinking . 
  hell reddit itself is a perfect example of this . 
  most people dont even bother with the article and go straight from the headline to shitposting . 
  thats not exactly progress . 
  we were never going to drown . 
  but the refugee situation will make europe objectively worse . 
  it wont make a huge difference , but it will absolutely be a negative difference . 
  and yet , they watch their shows and read their news . 
  these are all commercial organisations . 
  if the public were tired of them , they wouldnt exist anymore . 
  sounds like a lot of unsupported guesses and random panic . 
  putin has not dared to mess with a eu/nato member yet . 
  not even to the degree of what he did in the ukraine . 
  and as bad as it is , putin hasnt even outright started a war against the ukraine . 
  putin is in no position to get a military victory against anything but isolated shithole countries that allied themselves with russia in the past . 
  russia is not an existential threat to any eu or nato member . 
  the ukraine merely got the bill for being stupid enough to ally with russia rather than the eu and nato . 
  there is a reason the biggest threat comming out of russia right now are nerds sitting in cubicles shitposting on facebook . 
  because thats just about the greatest extend of russian might these days . 
  then take away their right to vote . 
  but you cant complain about citizen making use of their rights . 
  if this isnt wanted , change the laws . 
   this is abuse of freedoms they make use of their right to vote . 
  they were given the right to vote by bulgarian laws . 
  you dont want them to vote ? 
  change the law . 
  who the fuck are you to decide who gets to make use of their legal rights and who doesnt get to use them ? 
  these nationalists are morons that dont respect their own laws . 
  if you dont want them to vote , dont give them passports ? 
  it probably wasnt a well organised conspiracy that plans this meticulously . 
  chances are its more along the lines of a gang of failures encouraging each other to do something like this while ( luckily ) still being incompetent . 
  maybe just a couple of thugs indoctrinated by a friendly neighbourhood imam or social networks . 
  the article at least implies the latter . 
  not until the referendum at least . 
  thats what he is playing for here : the world is out to get turkey , and only the sultan himself can safe it . 
  luxemburg only gets more money per capita . 
  poland gets the highest total net investment from eu founds . 
  yeah they support the parts of integration they personally like , while telling everybody else to fuck off . 
  this isnt how cooperation works . 
  this guy was born and raised in the uk . 
  whatever made him do this happened in the uk , not in syria . 
  even the article says he was only `` inspired '' by islamic terrorism . 
  he wasnt trained , equiped or financially supported by isis . 
  if somebody is born in britain , he becomes a british problem . 
  people arent born terrorists .
