  hence this indicator is important . 
  its not like you need to be an economist to see this . 
  the current bailout wont get the greek economy running again . 
  which means the debt to gdp ratio will most likely deteriorate even further . 
  eventually the imf will have enough and leave . 
  right now politicians should probably figure out if they want a debt cut or a grexit . 
  every thing else wont work . 
  this smells like a load of crap . 
  why would tsipras ask putin for help in case of a grexit ? 
  after all tsipras was willing to basically sell out greece and all of his principles to keep the euro . 
  if he really wanted help to introduce the drachma again , he could have asked sch\u00e4uble and i am pretty sure he would have gotten a blank cheque for it . 
  if `` someone '' gets desperate enough to risk their live to get over the fence and you can either hit them in the face to make them fall back to their side or them or take them in , things get nasty very fast . 
  mind you i am not super concerned about actually enforcing borders , but its not as easy as you make it sound . 
  its not so much only about the politicians , its also about the general population . 
  and yes at least for me those last few months and especially syriza was a confirmation that rumors and stereotypes did actually have some base . 
  i personally have very limited if any contact to greece , so its only natural that i wasnt aware of how deep the problems ran down there . 
  alas i learned , thanks i guess mr tsipras . 
  and if the guy would have sticked to autobahns , everybody would be really fucking happy about it nowadays . 
  lessons learned : dont question mr. dobrindt , autobahns are serious business over here . 
  dont make it sound like a challenge ffs . 
  and its not like anybody is getting their money back from greece . 
  no really , there is a chance they had a budget they had to use up . 
  if they dont use their budget , they will get a smaller one for the next budget period . 
  so sometimes you see public projects that make no sense at all , just to make sure the budget isnt cut . 
  economic migrants want a better salary . 
  refugees want to survive . 
  well you either go there and do it right , or you dont and just say so . 
  the half done shit us politicians said and did about lybia/syria wasnt exactly helpful . 
  to be fair : he tried to attract , lets say simple people with some of what he said . 
  not that hard to see why nationalistic idiots would join his party . 
  and i am not sure if a secondary euro currency would make sense . 
  at least giving greece debt cuts for a grexit is a good idea . 
  i dont see him making it into the bundestag with this new party though . 
  he was too incompetent to manage a party last time he tried , thats going to stick to him for a while . 
  nobel prices are often given for expertise in a narrow field though . 
  and even a nobel price winning genius would have an opinion that might be irrational . 
  in the end its about what somebody says , not who he is . 
  probably not . 
  which is why i said to correct a mistake we made . 
  the irony is that it was probably a political decision to give greece some lets say political credit and allow them to get in . 
  guess they cant even pay this kind of loans back . 
  i am pretty sure every single ez nation has national debts . 
  but i imagine most nations woult feel very motivated not to become dependant on bailouts . 
  not the worst thing in the world ... 
  uhh , it is ? 
  if the ez doesnt want to give somebody the euro , they wont get it . 
  and i am certain that the ez needs at least a majority vote , if not a 100 % vote to give a nation the euro . 
  for once this seems to be a lease . 
  other than that : you dont buy `` a part of another country '' , you just buy a rather large piece of real estate . 
  which is ultimately the same anyway if you think about it . 
  so you say it was right to give greece the euro before they were ready ? 
  germany got debt relief because the allies needed a strong bullwark against the commies . 
  the debt relief germany got was basically military spending . 
  greece got some debt relief already and there is no major reason to save greece no matter what . 
  if anything we should kick greece out of the euro to fix a mistake we made a long time ago . 
  in that case , i wouldnt mind large scale debt relief . 
  germany wants greece out of the euro . 
  since there is no official mechanism to do so and the greece doesnt want to leave , things get a bit ugly . 
  but dont worry even if the current bailout somehow works ( i dont see how it could with the imfs current stance ) , we are likely to get a grexit in 3 years anyway . 
  its obviously not sympathy . 
  the imf just wants others to cut the debts so they wont have to . 
  its easy to ask others to do `` the right thing '' if you have rules that dont allow you to do it yourself . 
  german foreign politics are what merkel wants them to be . 
  sch\u00e4uble gets to give a snarky interview here and there , but ultimately does what merkel expects him to do . 
  sch\u00e4uble typically does a good job . 
  and since he was willing to negotiate a bailout he doesnt believe in , there is no point to make him retire . 
  he also got fairly popular for telling greece to fuck off . 
  using an euphenism for it doesnt change the fact that it would be an abuse of power . 
  so how about greece starts getting off their high horse and offer us a deal ? 
  grexit for debt relief would sell pretty well over here . 
  and like any lender that fucks up we learn and dont throw any more money into the fire . 
  so what was your point again ? 
  its pretty ironic if this sympathy towards greece leads to a grexit in the end . 
  how can she offer anything ? 
  want her to call the responsible authority and have the girl stay because she says so ? 
  not sure where you are from , but in germany that would be considered an abuse of power , if not corruption ( using her position for personal interests ) . 
  dude , dictators give the best dramatic speeches . 
  sch\u00e4uble simply doesnt have what it takes to be a good dictator . 
  if that would be the case , the eu parliament wouldnt need a ton of translators for its sessions . 
  hell we had a link just a day ago that was about the eu parliament not understanding some pm 's speech . 
  pretty sure nobody would charge greece for these things even post grexit . 
  this is considered healthy by a lot of people though . 
  we 've seen what kind of shit can come out of finance business , i really dont mind having a small finance sector in germany . 
  didnt expect germany to do so well . 
  i only ever hear about how risk averse investors here are . 
  merkel could have used a * vertrauensfrage * to bring her party in line in that case . 
  no cdu member would dare to vote against merkel if she 'd be willing to go this far . 
  yup , d\u00f6ner is afaik the most popular fastfood here . 
  simply put : syriza . 
  they have shown so much incompetence and outright lies ( for example what the referendum would lead to ) , yet are somehow still in office . 
  i dont care if the greek actually think syriza is doing a good job or if they know what kind of failure syriza is , but there is simply no alternative . 
  either options means that the ez has no reliable partner for any sort of negotiations with greece and should bail the fuck out before we get dragged into this mess any further . 
  the kind of reforms and changes greece needs to become a reliable partner cant be forced upon them from the outside . 
  but there is no point in giving greece any more bailouts until the fundamental cultural issues that have caused this mess are fixed . 
  which means that i personally wouldnt mind if the ez cutting ties with greece gets ugly . 
  its quite simple , every loan you take makes you dependant on others . 
  thats something a lot of people dont get . 
  state debts can be very beneficial from a purely financial point of view if a nation can borrow money for low interests and invest it into something that will pay off with significantly higher interest , education for example . 
  but ultimately : every loan creates dependancies and makes you more vulnerable to financial earthquakes like the one we had 2008 . 
  by taking on these loans , no matter how many years ago , greece gave up a part of its sovereignity .
