  in general , industrial and post industrial societies have a buyers market . 
  that means more supply than demand and therefore price competition . 
  thats why food prices are so low in germany . 
  because there is so much competition . 
  if food prices are higher in other countries within the eu that are objectively poorer , its a matter of insufficient competition . 
  but in general , mass produced products typically have buyers markets unless the customers falls for marketing crap like brands . 
  ironically , the iglo fishsticks are probably a brand problem and get away with this shady shit because people arent willing to just buy no name fishsticks . 
  that might be a problem , but its not necessarily something that needs to be regulated to hell . 
  if the prices are this high , its because the stuff sells anyway . 
  as i said above : the prices reflect the market situation more than the cost of the product . 
  in germany companies cant get away with high prices because of price pressure from discounters and whatnot . 
  appareantly they can get away with fat margins in romania . 
  we should prevent their problems from becoming our problems . 
  we dont owe them shit , but if we can invest 10 bucks now to support their society so we dont have to spend 100 bucks tomorrow to deal with their issues affecting us its a good deal . 
  development aid can be very pragmatic if done right . 
  for a lot of companies , especially large ones , cost structure and market enviroment is more important than actual cost to determine price . 
  also : not sure why , but appareantly the food market in germany is insanely cutthroat . 
  our food prices are super low compared to our income . 
  which is honestly an acceptable reason , as long as the ingredients are properly declared . 
  the same method is used by car producers to make cars cheaper in the us than in europe . 
  the price pressure over there is a lot worse , so they produce the same car with some cheaper parts to compete . 
  most religious people only follow the religious laws that they like . 
  the base for most religions isnt very consistent anyway so even fanatics typically cherrypick their commandements . 
  do you really think that literally every single settlement on this entire fucking planet that has a muslim majority will kill gay muslims on sight ? 
  are you really this ignorant ? 
   why is it just so hard to accept that the majority of the british people wanted to leave the european union , and not because they were ` uneducated ' and ` tricked ' . 
  so why did it take so much outright lies to convince them to leave and even then the referendum ended with only a minor lead for leave ? 
  if an actual majority wanted to leave , surely all of the lies wouldnt have been needed ? 
   it 's aiming at republican voters . 
  i guess i hadnt though of that , but you are right that is the most likely explanation . 
  sometimes even i underestimate the hypocrisy of `` conservatives '' i guess . 
  but it fundamentally doesnt change much , it just makes the republicans the hilariously insecure losers obsessed with a failed politician . 
   never forget that no human being would want to kill other human beings naturally . 
  except that hundreds if not thousands of humans kill others every day for trivial reasons like envy , money , romantic or social problems , etc. 
  afaik , this isnt even uniquely human . 
  lots of species kill each other for random reasons . 
  stop smoking weird shit . 
  not sure if this is quality memeing from rt or hilariously insecure losers somehow still caring about a woman that is utterly irrelevant for at least 4 years , maybe forever . 
  probably a bit of both . 
  does that mean that hrc is now the russian equivalent of soros ? 
   what are you supposed to do with 500 and 100 notes then ? 
  pay for things that cost more than 500 or 100 euro respectively . 
  nobody minds if you break out 500 euro notes if you buy furniture , elektronics or other stuff that costs a couple of thousand . 
  and yes comming to germany with 3x 500 euro bills will be useless . 
  as a student , you probably have no use for anything above 50 euro notes . 
  personally , i never used anything above 20 euro notes as a student . 
  a lot of students in germany pay with cards anyway . 
  we could increase the minimum wage to 10 or maybe even 11 euro without killing our own economy . 
  actually , it would probably be a significant boost to our economy . 
  labor costs in germany have risen faster than the eu average recently . 
  most small stores in germany , like bakeries , wont even take 100 euro notes . 
  even if the whole deal was technically legal ? 
  i mean it wasnt helpful at all and maybe it shouldnt have been legal . 
  but it seems mostly legal . 
  you realize that this supports my point ? 
  if italy , spain and portugal would have maintained these birth rates , they would have a lot of issues today . 
  most african countries arent as developed and would therefore have even more issues if they can not drastically cut their birth rates . 
  while 7-8 was an obvious exageration , the actual numbers are still terrifying . 
  realistically : a national average of more than 3 is bad , more than 4 is really bad , everything beyond that is a catastrophe waiting to happen . 
  there are also studies that show that the birth rate might not drop off as fast as expected . 
  some are linked in the wikipedia article on population growth . 
  erdogan has been in power for too long , nobody outside of turkey has ever heard of other turkish politicians . 
  people have written of turkey . 
  erdogan could probably extend it for as long as he wants , then argue that you cant hold elections during a state of emergency or use the state of emergency to pressure the elections . 
   they started to settle in waves since 13th century by invitation of bohemian kings to entirely czech area . 
  they came voluntarily . 
  most arguments above are acceptable , but this isnt . 
  if they live in the region for 600-700 years , they have every right to stay there . 
  because `` they '' have never come voluntarily , they were born in the region . 
  hipsters have the same rights you have . 
  europe didnt appoint gadaffi as the lybian leader . 
  kadyrov or w/e this monster is called was appointed by putin to be his enforcer . 
  international treaties are so vague that you can basically do whatever you want and as long as you dont go full poland and talk shit all day nobody will care . 
  the un is worthless anyway , a lot of countries break all kinds of treaties all the time and just doesnt go out of their way to announce that . 
  which is meaningless , just like erdogans nazi comments . 
  the bigger problem is that merkel would never dare to do something unpopular that needs to be defended , so she will just go with the flow and do whats best for her poll results . 
  at the moment that means not touching the refugee issue at all , even if it does get worse while she pretends it doesnt exist . 
  thats not going to happen . 
  and honestly , if things would develop in a way that would end up like that , all bets are off . 
  europe would rather exterminate a billion africans than grant them asylum . 
  most of the million germany took didnt get asylum . 
  they got subsidiary protection . 
  thats simply a fact . 
  as bad as our own system is , it recognizes that these people arent actually refugees . 
  then what ? 
  they sit in the eu at that point . 
  you can either let them starve , which means all of them will turn to crime to survive , or you throw them into internement camps . 
  both of those options arent going to work . 
  you have to prevent them from reaching europe . 
  once they are here , you are never going to get rid of them again without killing them one way or another . 
  figure out if you are being oppressed by evil germans that rule the eu or if germany is weak and doomed to become a muslim nation . 
  once you have done that , get back to me . 
  i love how discussions like this always give a really good insight into the mind of people from eastern europe . 
  you guys alternate between chestbeating and pretending you play on the level of germany , france and other major players in the eu . 
  but on the same time you are so hilariously insecure about your own culture and your position in the eu that everything becomes an insult and you cant ever give in to anything because it would weaken you or something . 
  everything is either a crushing victory or a world shattering drama that will destroy your country . 
  very interesting to see . 
  you guys should really grow a spine and give less fucks about , well everything really . 
  you greatly overestimate the influence of politics on every day life and your country as a whole . 
  except that you have no leverage at all as long as you whine about a hand full of migrants and pretend 7000 muslims will be the end of your society .
