  opinions dont go away if you push them out of sight . 
  if anything censorship increases frustration and leads to radicalisation . 
  its not about work . 
  its about learning the language and customs , and not calling a policewoman cop slut . 
  i dont have any problem if a refugee cant find work in the first 1-2 years . 
  they should focus on learning the language anyway . 
  and after 1-2 years or in germany 15 months , refugees can indeed get jobs like everybody else.if they havent learned the language by then its their own fault . 
  yeah its well known in germany that the fuel consumption values from the car producers are unrealistic . 
  regardless of the car actually . 
  in germany all car producers lie their ass off . 
  no , but i would assume it makes you feel warm and fuzzy or something . 
  balanced out the mass surveillance by goverments that we cant defend against in my book . 
  the article explicitly says that paris had to limit car traffic several times because of pollution problems . 
  they want to ban diesel engines from entering the city because of that too . 
  meanwhile , it doesnt even mention safety issues for pedestrians . 
  well , you didnt read the article either . 
  partially . 
  the passat could have meet the requirements for emissions , but doing so would mean having the car clean the filter with a fuel injection on a regular basis . 
  this would have meant higher fuel consumption and shorter range . 
  the jetta could have meet the requirements by simply using a more expensive filter . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  they banned private , non electric cars . 
  this sounds like public transport and electric cars were still allowed . 
  oh there are options to have some cars and still have a nice , clean city . 
  a network of rentable electric cars would help a lot . 
  and these things are currently being worked on . 
  afaik mercedes and most likely several other car companies are running largish scale trials for this already . 
  if your job requires a vehicle , your company can rent an electric one for this day . 
  give him some time . 
  some people are unable to think ahead and were totaly for migration before any relevant amount of migrants reached germany . 
  once enough migrants make it , they will realise how naive they were . 
  well merkel did say that the right of asylum knows no limits . 
  that comes with some weird implications . 
  merkels makes 180k per year . 
  this doesnt include her apartment and other benefits , but its still not that much . 
  its pretty ironic that gauck of all people backs out now . 
  because its only a few weeks since he literally put every single german that isnt pro migration on the level of nazis . 
  populism . 
  her style of politics is basically `` it seemed like a good idea at the time '' . 
  she will always adopt the opinion of the majority , without regard for her job or any meaningfull arguments . 
  i live in a small/medium sized town . 
  there is a facility for asylum seekers here for as long as i can remember , havent had much contact with them beyond their kids taking the same bus that i used to take for a while . 
  we recently got a couple of new asylum seekers , those seem to be the first from the current migration wave . 
  they were appareantly welcomed warmly , but mostly stick to themselves now . 
  there is also a number of small `` events '' this week that is meant to bring people together . 
  today was sort of a `` presentation '' from people with different migration backrounds . 
  a couple of rooms were reserved and in each room one group would present their homecountry with posters , food and just talk with people that came to get to know them and whatnot . 
  this was mostly organised by people that lived in germany for some time though . 
   if companies ca n't trust the tax code of the country where they 're operating , but they can . 
  in fact apple is being charged with * breaking irish tax law * . 
  what apple did was never legal in ireland . 
  they just had a deal with corrupt politicians that made sure that there would be no investigation . 
  the entire deal apple got had a single purpose : avoid paying the taxes as laid out in irish law . 
  if you go to your tax office , bribe the clerk so he allows you to pull some shady shit and avoid having to pay taxes , you are commiting a crime . 
  even if it takes a few years until you are discovered and punished , you are still a criminal and will be forced to pay your overdue taxes . 
  crying and citing your agreement with a corrupt clerk wont save you . 
  yeah it would be . 
  the end of their wannabe empire and the us ambition of being a global player . 
  china would probably call a spontaneous holiday . 
   it 's retroactive if a policy rolls back tax law for past years . 
  but its not a retroactive policy . 
  the regulations dont come out of nowhere . 
  apple has violated eu regulations for years and now has to pay up . 
  every damn citizen has to pay up like that if they get caught with avoiding taxes . 
  even if they did so because of a personal agreement with their local tax office . 
   also the union thing , it is actually hilarious because vw was one of the first to actually prefer dealing with unions but the americans were so idiotically anti-union they voted it down ( the workers ! ) . 
  vw is also well known in germany to pay excessive salaries to even their factory workers . 
  i mean the company is probably full of shit regardless , but that particular argument seemed ridiculous . 
  because they are so desperate that they want to keep running their scam to get some coins from apple rather than grow a backbone and demand the taxes that * their own laws demand from apple * . 
  also : corruption and the potential of a cozy lobbying job for apple . 
   was n't it also kind of the only fuck up of hers during a exceptionally challenging period ? 
  more or less , there were other fuck ups , but they werent as big . 
  but thats the problem with her . 
  she doesnt touch anything unless she is forced to do so . 
  she is * afraid * to use her position and her still considerably popularity to get things done . 
  the refugee crisis was just the last of several situations where she had to make a ridiculous decision on the spot because she failed to think ahead for even a minute previously . 
  she got her position and her power by not making a move while her competition did and eventually did something stupid . 
  her entire style of politics is based on the fear of making a mistake . 
  most likely because of her gdr backround , there you had to shut up and keep your political opinions for yourself if they didnt match the party line . 
  unfortunately , most germans dont care at all about politics and like a chancellor that doesnt bother them with important things or hard to solve issues . 
  sometimes you need to put somebody in isolation to get the message across that they are actually in a prison . 
  locking a wive up at home is certainly much easier to notice than locking her up under a mobile prison . 
  they do , thats why the eu looks incompetent all the time . 
  because some special snowflake just defended their interest against a majority . 
  the eu is actually extremely consensus focused . 
  thats why the refugee distribution scheme ( that collapsed in practice ) being forced through by majority last year angered so many . 
  it was one of the very few times , possibly the first occasion of eu decisions being made by a majority rather than a consensus . 
  yeah , syria is their neighbour after all . 
  and the glorious un refugee convention says fuck every country that has unstable neighbours . 
  which i personally consider a ridiculous idea , but hey we cant argue with the almighty refugee convention . 
  so uhh fuck turkey ? 
  are they though ? 
  this very article is about the irish not agreeing with their goverment regarding the special deal for apple . 
  now that this has been drawn through the press and people see that the eu is willing to handle hot potatoes , its going to be quite hard for goverments to sell their bullshit deals with multinationals . 
  next to none of these people would die . 
  even in syria only a very tiny fraction of the population died . 
  these people would be perfectly save in turkey . 
  and the great majority of people we took in arent even syrians . 
   so what ? 
  how can you stop it ?
