  he had the same chance everybody else gets , but he didnt find any relevant support . 
  this isnt a backstab or an evil conspiracy , its simply a politician failing a project . 
  damage is estimated based on current value , not whatever the owner paid 8 years ago . 
   i am certain long ago the french said the same thing when they took in the first muslim immigrants and did n't force them to integrate or assimilate . 
  and france is still decades ahead of v4 and suffers only very limited problems , despite the idiocy of this policy . 
  france could take in a million migrants per year for the foreseeable future and it would still be a better place to live than romania . 
  but whatever , go ahead and leave the eu for some petty ass reasons and see how it works out for you . 
   is n't that clear that we ca n't continue like this ? 
  you talk as if eu do n't have any responsibility , as if we are the only ones that have to . 
  the eu isnt responsible at all though . 
  mind you there is no clear responsibility for refugees , the un basically allows them to pick who will be responsible for them . 
  however , for practical reasons responsibility basically depends on distance to the source of the refugees . 
  this means primary responsibility for syrian refugees goes to turkey , iran , iraq , jordan , israel and the lebanon . 
  though if it makes you feel better , i would prefer if eu politicians flat out tell turkey that you will never be allowed into the eu . 
  because thats how its going to be . 
  yeah the npd are basically neo nazis . 
  nobody takes them serious and if the verfassungsschutz wouldnt be so incompetent , the npd would have been dissolved long ago . 
  well my supermarket of choice has a nice cheddar that is supposedly made from irish milk . 
  made in ireland too i think . 
  i prefer somewhat stronger cheese and i havent found an interesting dutch cheese yet . 
  nevermind , apparently limburger is in fact a dutch cheese . 
  i appreciate switzerlands , denmarks , irelands and italies ( also netherlands ) contributions to my local cheese market . 
  please continue to deliver tasty cheese to me . 
   anyway , the best way to take steps forward the federalization process , and show that the eu is not just about the monies and bureaucracy ? 
  chances are the eu wont be the primary vehicle for european integration sooner or later . 
  a 2 speed europe is quite likely in my opinion . 
  and if we were to get there using existing organizations , the eu would be the slower speed . 
  from this perspective it makes sense to go ahead with ez intregration . 
  this is the kind of financial oversight and budget influence that germany demands in exchange for loosening up on deficit spending though . 
  if the ez wants germany to pay their bills , we need something like this . 
   history is filled with rich paper tigers who think they can use money to pad their armies , and with the better organised forces which defeated them . 
  which better organized forces ? 
  we are surrounded by weak and failed states . 
  the only possible threat to europes security is russia . 
  and i am fairly certain that we can deal with them if we need to . 
  there just isnt the political will to do so at the moment . 
  other than that : nobody anywhere near us can threaten us , at all . 
  in fact the only militaries in the world that would have a realistic chance of threatening europe are the us and sooner or later china . 
   if european powers want to break this `` dependency '' on the us , they need to increase defense spending . 
  why ? 
  as far as i can tell , we would be able to deploy to syria if we 'd want to . 
  and in my opinion , syria is about as far as we need to go . 
  imo anything beyond the neighbour of our neighbour is irrelevant for a purely defense based military doctrine . 
  mind you if we arent capable of going to syria we should probably fix that , just like we should fix other problems . 
  but europe doesnt need global power projection . 
  didnt stop you guys from going to iraq to find those miraculous wmds . 
  where were all of those completely objective experts back then ? 
  oh right whatever they did didnt matter , gwb wanted his war and he got it . 
  pretty sure all of greece combined isnt worth this much . 
  too bad the the main culprit behind all of this is the head of a conservative , christian party . 
  true , its not like i am giving greece a free pass on this . 
  but it is very hard , if not outright impossible to secure the greek/turkish border . 
  smugglers will simply sink their own boats in range of the coast or a border patrol . 
  there is nothing you can do against that . 
  the only way to fix this is making sure the trip isnt worth it . 
  its certainly easy to talk about securing borders when others have to work to get it done . 
  much easier than say , remove incentives for economic migrants to come to europe in the first place . 
  because in that case merkel herself would have to come up with some actual , practical ideas . 
  oh well , plan a was `` let turkey do it '' , plan b seems to be `` let greece do it '' . 
  guess we 'll find out what plan c is in a few weeks . 
  probably `` let macedonia do it '' . 
   does that mean that all the talk about the u.s. having a problem with gun violence is `` next to non existent '' ? 
  come up with some actual statistics and we 'll see . 
  converting alone is probably a sign for some serious psychological issue . 
  she should be monitored and prevented from leaving the country until she can get a proper therapy . 
  the timing to do this now is pretty good though . 
  obama is on the way out and i dont think he would start a war , his legacy is fucked as is . 
  i doubt bernie or hillary would go into their campaigns with war drums , and to be honest : trump getting elected would be a huge victory for any enemy of the us . 
  trump would drive off most us allies and the us would have to go about invanding on their own , which is very unlikely . 
  so there really isnt much to lose for iran right now . 
   the problem is that the border is porous . 
  unless you build a trump style wall there 's no way you can stop people from getting in . 
  we simply need an eu wide information base for migrants . 
  take finger prints from every single one , check them against a database . 
  if they have applied for asylum anywhere else , throw them into prison until its sorted out . 
   it 's easy to say `` be firm with economic migrants '' . 
  the problem is how to be firm . 
  simple : restrict their rights to the absolute minimum . 
  build camps and force them to live there . 
  no free movement , no work , no cash welfare . 
  make sure their life sucks in germany . 
  the us dont really give a damn about human rights . 
  if it suits them politically , they will allow just about anything . 
  yes it does . 
  the eu needs to make sure that the ukraine gets shit done . 
  keeping poroschenko on his toes with the threat of stopping the sanctions helps doing that . 
  should be simple : if the ukraine doesnt go through with reforms and fighting corruption , it loses the moral high ground . 
  without it , this is just a conflict of interest and the eu isnt obliged to help anybody . 
  i mean why should we defend one corrupt regime from another ? 
  not really . 
  most politicians are simply too stupid to make a convincing argument against the current migration policies without resorting to dumb things . 
  its just general incompetence that prevents them from speaking out against merkels idiocy . 
  the actual danger is next to non existant . 
  hell i know people in cologne and they arent worried at all , even after nye . 
  its mostly the blunt idiocy of people like this mayor that ends up being a problem . 
  i dont even care about the context , if he said this he needs to get the hell out of his office . 
  trash like him is hell of a lot worse than just about any migrant we take right now . 
   based on simply the comments in this thread alone , if i were a european who was against mass migration from the middle east and north africa and was n't a particular fan of islam , is there any group that i could identify with that would n't leave me immediately labelled a nazi , skinhead , or far right extremist ? 
  the problem is that new right wing groups will always be taken over my skinheads and neo nazis . 
  its quite the challenge to keep them out , so most of these groups dont even try to .
