  its a subtle carricature , its actually subtle enough to bait people into liking it . 
  but it has more to do with how tourists see germans than with actual germans . 
  its a generic , `` how foreigners imagine germans '' picture which has nothing to do with actual germans . 
  it depicts german children wearing lederhosen . 
  so hell yeah , its * really * bad . 
   i give you that right now there is no safe way to permanently store nuclear waste , but saying that there might never be seems a bit pessimistic . 
  there is no point in speculating about possible storage sites in the future . 
  right now we do not have them . 
   so no , merkel did n't drop everything the party stood for . 
  the cdu actually had a campaign about the exit from the exit . 
  they specifically made it part of their program to undo the nuclear exit the spd and greens pushed . 
  so yes merkel did turn around on that . 
  and she did it because of hilariously terrible arguments . 
  the more violence happens in your city , the more likely you will be to get a gun yourself . 
  which in turn also increases gun violence between pure and civilized citizens . 
  if only because a lot of them are morons and mishandle guns or fail to lock them away properly . 
  i am not saying we should do it , but it does put an interesting perspective on the importance of raw military budget , doesnt it ? 
   there is no substitute for actual military power europes military budget is 2-4 times larger than the russian budget . 
  now the russians might be more efficient , get more worth out of their money . 
  but even if you are pessimistic about it , europes budget would be worth at least as much as the russian budget . 
  now heres the thing : nobody in their right mind would start an actual , all out war with an opponent that is roughly equal . 
  now , europe doesnt have a unified military command structure , sure . 
  but when it comes down to actually defending eu and nato territory , i 'm sure we 'll manage to coordinate well enough . 
  so why would russia opt into a nasty war that would end up either as a horrendus grind or a nuclear bbq ? 
  russias advantage is the apathy of western europe . 
  this apathy would go away * very * quickly if russian tanks roll over eu borders . 
  i wonder what the ` murricans would say if the eu would abaddon the sanctions completely , but increase the military budget by about as much as the sanctions cost . 
  pretty sure that would completely confuse all of the crybabies that insists on meeting the nato spending targets . 
  merkel has repeatedly said that closed borders cant work . 
  and her goverment has repeatedly condemned nations closing borders . 
  nobody that actually depends on the us for security does that . 
  i 'm pretty sure that ee nations are much closer to the budget target than say germany or france . 
  but its very common that nations signing non binding agreements get some degree of freedom with their implementation . 
  this is necessary to respect the democratic process and the priorities of the population . 
  this has nothing to do with bad faith , everybody knows that these kind of agreements are a compromise to begin with . 
  and its not like germany categorically refuses to contribute at all . 
  we simply contribute less than the target . 
  considering the general opinion in germany and the fact that the nato is cannon fodder for us deployements , thats a pretty healthy compromise . 
  the us act like this as well by the way . 
  they have also signed treaties and implemented them partially or not at all . 
  so your argument is that international treaties are written by morons that cant tell the difference between a binding and a non binding clause ? 
  really ? 
  its pretty simple : as far as international agreements and treaties go : if its not binding , nations will conveniently ignore it . 
  if the nato wanted a mandatory budget commitment , it would be in the treaties . 
  but it isnt . 
  you are right that a target might be a little stronger than a recommendation . 
  but thats just splitting hairs : its not a rule either way . 
  and thats the only thing that matters . 
   america may shit in iraq but europe took a shit in libya , the rule being do n't shit in your own backyard . 
  yeah right , because the us went into iraq half assed and figured they can just screw around a little and see what happens . 
  no , that didnt happen . 
  the us went in , failed and let the whole thing rot . 
  france and the uk didnt go all in in lybia , sure you can blame them for that . 
  but dont pretend to be all high and mighty . 
  the nato ( and its members ) right now is incompetent and unable to actually complete a deployement successfully . 
  and this has nothing to do with budgets . 
  france didnt run out of ammo over lybia because france cant afford ammo . 
  the us didnt fail to stabilize the iraq because they didnt have enough soldiers to send there . 
  the nato fails because of incompetence . 
  increasing the budget without fixing the incompetence doesnt do shit . 
  i hate to say it , but no power in the world could defend estonia against a serious invasion from russia . 
  the only defense you have is getting revenge by proxy if russia pulls a fast one on you . 
  and while salami tactics are always a threat , so far you are mostly safe . 
  i doubt that your situation will ever change for the better . 
  russia will be a threat for quite some time , if only so putin and future putins can maintain an external enemy to draw attention away from their failure at home . 
  you should pray that the us feel like playing super power for a while longer , because its the only option you have . 
  to be blunt : you have nothing to offer and the only reason the us care about you is to contain russia . 
   however when we fucking agreed to spend 2 % then we should spend 2 % . 
  the 2 % number is a recommendation , not a rule . 
   in this day and age , what value is there is actually caring about your nationality ? 
  well from a purely pragmatic point of view : in order to have a nice life , you need to have a decent society around you . 
  like , even if you are wealthy , its not fun to live in a walled garden . 
  its much nicer if you dont need as much personal security as well . 
  so ultimately : you want to do well and you want the people around you to do somewhat well too . 
  so even if you couldnt care less about borders and whatnot , from a purely pragmatic point of view : the society around you has a higher value than people living on the other side of the world . 
  eh you dont get it . 
  i wasnt arguing from the point of the refugee , i was arguing against the capitalist conspiracy . 
  these people are useless for qualified jobs , it takes 5-8 years for them to fix that . 
  so this conspiracy doesnt make much sense . 
  and unqualified workers arent really needed in germany anyway . 
  most companies that use minium wage work slaves get them just fine already . 
  basically : this migration does nothing for companies . 
  you obviously didnt read the second part of the line you quoted . 
  its not actually very hard to get citizenship if you stay for 10 + years in a country . 
  and that should change . 
  asylum should not be a ticket for a better life . 
  it should be used solely to save people in immediate danger . 
  so it would make sense to deny them citizenship on principle if their previous residency permit was based on asylum . 
  its a recommendation , not a binding rule 2 . 
  you can have 1 % or you can have 0 % from germany . 
  how is 0 % better than 1 % considering germany doesnt take any money away from ees defence ? 
  how about you elect a goverment that leaves the nato if you are so fed up about it ? 
  the mighty us were unable to secure a single country when they went to iraq and afghanistan . 
  so if what you say is true , welcome to the club of shitters bro . 
  japan has to take a different approach because china is an actual threat . 
  nobody can seriously threaten the eu without committing suicide . 
  thats because most of europe didnt participate . 
  i am sure it would have been possible to both be more successful and make sure we dont run out of ammo . 
  it simply wasnt organized well and it wasnt a popular deployement to begin with . 
  it also wasnt a defensive operation .
