  it would mean that we 'd have 4 million of them rather than less than 2 . 
  it would increase the pull factor because of how easy it would be to get into the eu . 
  turkey is simply too close to the giant pile of shit that is the middle east . 
  you dont need a formal exit process . 
  if there would be a majority willing to kick the uk out , they would just make staying so annoying that the uk would leave . 
  for once , a majority could have told cameron to fuck off and maybe humiliate him a little in public . 
  that would have been an instant brexit . 
  just like the ez could have bullied greece out of the euro if we wanted to . 
  have you considered that the us are interested in making sure that nobody pays terrorist to get their citizens back ? 
  well as it just happens there is a way to make sure that the terrorists dont get paid for hostages . 
  well if the current migrant crisis has taught us anything , than that the eu is a crippled mess with too many conflicting interest to get anything done . 
  another crisis or two like this and we can kiss the eu goodbye whether or not we want to . 
  so its probably time to cut our losses and dial back the eu to a small core with a clear roadmap for full political integration without any bailouts and a wider `` auxiliary '' eu that is mostly a glorified free trade zone . 
  the latter would have obviously nothing to say about the policies of the core eu . 
  quality over quantity if you will . 
  it also borders several notoriously unstable shithole countries and would draw the eu into the mess that is the middle east . 
  it would be completely ridiculous to extend the eu like that . 
  then again most eu politicians have very little sense and just want to expand the eu no matter the cost . 
   there is no way in hell the businesses in your countries are going to stand for any petty bullshit that basically cripples your already failing economies . 
  you dont get it . 
  the eu is a very important trading partner for the uk . 
  the uk is only a tiny fraction of the eus trading value . 
  sure we might lose 10 % of our trade , but the uk will lose hell of a lot more . 
  so who do you think will be in a better position for any negotiations ? 
  a uk that absolutely must secure some sort of trade deal with the eu , or the eu that would benefit mildly from a deal ? 
  the eu would also have to punish the uk for leaving in order to prevent further nations from doing so . 
  which means it has a strong interest in giving an independant uk a terrible deal at most , or even better : no deal at all . 
  but dont worry , the uk wont leave . 
  we threw cameron a bone and he can pretend he got a huge victory for the uk . 
  turkey was never going to get into the eu for a thousand reasons . 
  its pretty funny that the article mentions that the turkish people arent as interested in joining the eu anymore . 
  i mean was there ever a majority of the eu population for letting turkey in ? 
  i dont know , but i honestly dont think so . 
  turkey will never join the eu and it should never join the eu . 
  the sooner we are honest about this to ourself and turkey , the better . 
  the eu will break up sooner or later . 
  either voluntarily with an official 2 speed europe , or not so voluntarily with a bang . 
  so it doesnt really matter what the `` invalids '' do , the more ridiculous their politics get , the faster we get rid of them . 
  for now we are very busy making sure merkel doesnt permanently screw over europe anyway . 
  well the outcome will be bad for the uk anyway . 
  if you leave , you wont get any special deal which means no free trade anymore . 
  if you stay , you will lose any and all leverage for reforms . 
  because what are you going to do about it ? 
  if you didnt leave after a migrant crisis and the euro crisis you never will . 
   i 'm sorry but how can so many people accept this argument ? 
  because its not about rights of individuals , its about foreign politics . 
  the saudis want control over religious education in europe ? 
  well then we demand control over religious education in saudi arabia . 
   then i visited slovakia and romania and bulgaria and macedonia ... it 's not the state 's fault , these people are simply unintegrationable but what do you think should be done about it ? 
  do you really think its best to let them rot and live like trash ? 
  i mean they obviously cause problems . 
   the entire 50,000 + year history of the human species , is not fucking animals . 
  actually , there are examples of bestiality in ancient rome , the bible also mentions it . 
  its obviously frowned upon and honestly somewhat disgusting , but its not like we invented it recently . 
  you might want to read up on this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoophilia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_zoophilia most notably :  the history of zoophilia and bestiality begins in the prehistoric era , where depictions of humans and animals in a sexual context appear infrequently in european rock art . 
   explicit legal prohibition of human sexual contact with animals is a legacy of the abrahamic religions, 
  but we can kill and eat animals despite the fact that its evidenty ( vegans and vegetarians survive perfectly well ) not necessary to do so . 
  so tell me why its fine to kill an animal because you feel like having steak , but not fine if somebody wants to fuck it because they feel like fucking it ? 
  thats a different base for asylum and it has next to nothing to do with the current problems . 
  most people dont mind taking small numbers of typically decently educated people that actually flee from persecution . 
  its the `` illiterate masses '' that get the hate . 
   i am pretty sure russia could n't take berlin right now even without the help of usa its unlikely that russia could take warsaw even if the us stay out of the fight . 
  russia has a large military alright , but people greatly overestimate russias abilities imo . 
  unfortunately , it does when it comes to international politics . 
   the eu is inherently undemocratic as long as its controlled by the memberstates , and while those memberstates are not of equal size and standing . 
  thats actually wrong . 
  member states are an irrelevant filter for actual votes . 
  germany , france and other large eu nations will * always * be very influential , much more so than smaller members . 
  in fact , one could argue that in a perfectly democratic eu , a countries voting power would depend solely on its population size . 
  just like in a regular election , the population of larger states has more impact on the national goverment than the population of smaller states . 
  its not * nice * i guess , but this is how democracy works . 
  if the more efficient structures lead to lower income for both the state and its citizens to benefit shareholders on the other side of the world , then yes . 
  it doesnt matter how much money the companies operating in a country make , it matters how much money stays in society . 
   he largest , most over looked reason that governments pander to large companies are gains other than taxes . 
  how many people does that small furniture store employ ? 
  now compare that to the infrastructure ikea brings . 
  in germany , medium sized * mittelst\u00e4ndler * are more important than multinational companies and employ more people . 
  its in fact one of the key strengths of our economy and one of the primary reason we are filthy rich . 
  but you have a life here , a job , friends , a family , maybe even a house . 
  you have something to lose , if only social standing . 
  most migrants have nothing to lose . 
  they dont have to worry about getting a criminal record that reduces their chances of getting a job . 
  they wont get a job anyway . 
  trust me if you wouldnt be punished for anything , you would sooner or later start ignoring some laws . 
  of course you wouldnt go around raping people ( i hope ) , but the point remains : laws are upheld by the threat of punishment . 
  she was never pro immigration . 
  she didnt speak up about the migrant crisis for a long time , when she did she said what everbody wanted to hear . 
  `` inviting '' migrants gave her a massive popularity boost . 
  a lot of people talked about how she would get the nobel peace price for it . 
  now that public opinion turned around , so does merkel . 
  she has no ideals , she rules at the whims of poll results , her only problem is that she is a little slow . 
  we actually know very well how to integrate people . 
  it just doesnt work with large numbers arriving at once . 
  its not rocket science how to integrate people . 
  but the social pressure to adapt to society or be cast out and left without attractive economic options simply breaks down if you take too much migrants at once . 
  you cant take so many that they can develop parallel societies that neutralize the normal social pressure to adapt . 
  if the numbers are small enough , integration is very easy . 
  you cant really send police officers to patrol public baths or swimmingpools though . 
  the problem is that those migrants arent afraid of the punishment they might get . 
  they think they are above the law because they cant be deported .
