  and you would be able to understand and sing the song that was posted . 
  some sacrifices must be made !, 
  i wonder , does anybody actually take this guy serious at this point ? 
  i mean whats the opinion `` on the ground '' in the uk when he says things like this ? 
  how about we get some proper representation before we transfer power ? 
  right now too much things in the eu are decided behind closed doors . 
  the council needs to get cut down in favor of shifting power to the parliament . 
  give the eu a proper democratic structure , then we can talk about giving it more power . 
  the difference is also that corrupt european politicians cant get the information as easily . 
  imagine hungary or some of the corrupt balkan shitholes having full access to the information of a prism style surveilance system . 
  the problem is that nobody trusts the eu . 
  they cant get simple shit done , why should we allow them far reaching stuff like intelligence agencies ? 
  the us dong give a shit about civilians . 
  they would bomb nk back to the stoneage and china would not be able to protect nk if they use nukes . 
  cant speak for belgium . 
  but right now germany doesnt have a single political party that isnt completely useless . 
  so there is really no option of voting for somebody that can fix anything at all . 
  i mean as long as they point at one of the baltics , its kinda ok . 
   shortest route toward a decent career = bachelor 's degree in economics or comp sci eh economic degrees suck . 
  everybody that wants to study and is slightly too ambitious for `` irgendwas mit medien '' goes economics . 
  the unlucky ones pick volkswirtschaft/macroeconomics and get fucked . 
  the lucky ones go bwl and get a shitty job . 
  the real deal are engineering , physics , chemnistry and math . 
  stem basically . 
  meanwhile , the rtwh aachen is one of the most respected engineering schools in the country and has higher entry requirements than basically all universities . 
  this cant work , unless you bury the euro with it . 
  and i doubt there is a majority for that . 
  how does a general nuclear exit become a barrier to prevent outside competition ? 
  all reactors will be phased out eventually . 
  dont worry . 
  our deep cover agent donald is already in position to make sure this isnt happening . 
  germany will be fine and continue to strongarm poor suckers . 
   no , it 's simply that germany has a different idea of what the moral duty of eastern europe is than the eastern europeans themselves . 
  this has nothing to do with germany . 
  a decision was made and supported by a majority . 
  ee agreed to this decision making process when they joined . 
  but now they simply ignore the decision because they dont like it . 
  mind you i disagree with the decision myself . 
  but if countries start ignoring eu decisions whenever they feel like it , the eu is dead . 
  i mean what would ee say if germany would stop paying its contributions to the eu , arguing that they are unpopular and the goverment cant justify them to their electorate ? 
  the problem is that this is just a net calculation . 
  its quite simple : the german economy is strong at the moment because we basically froze salaries for a decade . 
  the wealth that is produced in germany lands in the accounts of company executives and shareholders . 
  it doesnt tickle down to the workers . 
  our middle class is shrinking because of this . 
  so yeah , on paper germany would benefit from more liberal trade laws . 
  in practice : most germans wouldnt benefit at all from the positive aspects , but would probably notice the negative aspects . 
  and after a decade of taking the short end of the stick so companies can increase their profits , many are tired of doing this . 
  hence the general scepticism . 
  i mean you have to admit : it worked * very * well . 
  politicians lie and have lied in the past . 
  get used to it . 
  at the end of the day politicians rely on lobbyists and `` experts '' to evaluate something like ttip . 
  and thats being optimistic . 
  it wouldnt be the first time that politicians push an agenda through the parliament without having the slightest idea of what they voted on . 
  if your argument is that we must believe every word a politician says because they cant possibly lie , you are beyond hope . 
  junker is so weird . 
  on one hand he is right that you cant and shouldnt cherrypick solidarity . 
  on the other hand he forgets why there are so many `` part time '' europeans : because he and his colleagues have failed to keep the eu together . 
  did he really think that a migrant quota enfoced with fines would be helpful ? 
  then again considering its junker , he is probably just trying to deflect responsibility . 
  since politicians have no clue wtf they are doing and rely on `` experts '' that just happen to work for the industry , yes . 
  where is that mentioned in the leaks ? 
   why not admit that the collapse of the soviet union was a mistake and we should help make russia great again ? 
  actually , one could argue that the west should have supported russia after the collapse . 
  if russia had been given the level of support that germany and japan got after ww2 , we 'd probaby live in a very different world today . 
  but unlike ww2 , the us simply started celebrating the fall of the su and it probably didnt help building bridges . 
   i forced a refugee to drink a beer today with me . 
  he started crying went for the not so traditional abu ghraib drinking game ? 
  people like you make others desperately need a beer . 
  you are part of the problem . 
  wow this article . 
  the only thing more awkward than this generalization is the first coment that is afraid that terrorists will strike because everybody is drunk . 
  oh come on . 
  if the banks wouldnt have gotten their money back , greece would have basically defaulted . 
  everybody paints nightmares of a default because greece wouldnt be able to get any loans from anybody , but doesnt realize that this is what would have happened if we didnt bail out the banks . 
  bailing out the banks ultimately did help greece as well . 
  it just helped mostly , but not exclusively , the banks and their shareholders . 
  i am not pretending that any of this is a solution . 
  but i dont see why we should pay the bills for syrias reconstruction . 
  if anything , this should be dealt with on the level of the united nations . 
  i mean this is what they are supposed to do after all . 
  the point seems to be that he wont get murdered in isolation . 
  not much sweden can do if the choice is isolation or murder . 
  its not like they can let him walk free because prison would be inconvenient . 
  because we arent crazy terrorists ? 
  if you want to take away somebody else basic rights , why should you have them ? 
  so you are saying that sweden should follow his example and take away the basic rights of somebody they hate ? 
  if above post is correct , he will be send to isolation to protect him . 
  decades in isolation wont be fun , i 'm sure he 'd prefer deportation . 
  at least after a couple of years . 
  living decades of your life in isolation is hell of a lot worse than a quick death . 
  it also means he wont be a matyr which is pretty nice . 
  this isnt about propaganda . 
  like it or not , assad and russia have created a situation where they are the lesser evil . 
  not by much , but still . 
  and seing how well the natos plan to rebuild countries worked so far , i honestly dont see any other option than supporting russia in syria . 
  if we 'd get rid of assad syria would either end up being a terrorist shithole or we would be forced to occopy it on our own , paying hundreds of billions for something that is ultimately not our problem . 
  so yeah , syria is fucked . 
   nobody said that the 2 % target was because of trump you didnt read the article then .
