  i would like it , but we cant distribute a bunch of migrants because all sides involve are selfish morons ( some are little worse than others though ) . 
  good luck turning this into a state . 
  it should still be possible to condense the different designs into 1-2 designs that are mass produced for minimal cost per piece . 
  and as some said above , the grippen isnt that far away from the typhoon role wise . 
  not in this case . 
  unless half of europe wants in on this or we find a way to just refit a bunch of typhoons ( unlikely ) , i 'd very much prefer buying an existing system . 
  hell i wouldnt mind buying f35 if its what we need . 
   serious question : why does france wants a carrier capable plane today ? 
  ego mostly , they already have carriers which they barely use . 
  those need carrier compatible planes so they can barely use them . 
  but thats exactly the point . 
  terrorism is just a fuse . 
  the real explosive are social and political issues within our own societies . 
  thats what we have to fix . 
  there is no point in fighting shadows all the time . 
  we need to fix the source of these problems . 
  you will never get anywhere by bombing terrorists , you have to make sure that they dont have a base for their bullshit . 
  prevent them from easily selling oil , make sure they dont find entire generations of desillusioned young muslim in europe that are easily seduced . 
  bombing terrorist is the final step to get rid of the morons after taking away the base for their terrorism . 
  nobody recognizes them , not even their best friends in saudi arabia dare to go this far . 
  and afaik , you cant open a state on your own , without recognition from the outside no state can exist . 
  if anything its a huge mistake to treat them like a state . 
  they want to be seen as a sovereign state , hence the name isis that they have chosen themselves . 
  being a state would make them bigger than they are , give them importance , give them a population they can seduce into a simple `` us against them '' mentality . 
  giving them this satisfaction is pretty stupid . 
  they are terrorists , ambitious terrorist maybe , but ultimately a bunch of terrorist and nothing more . 
  france isnt even willing to clean up their mess in calais . 
  the `` camp '' there might be one of the worst areas in the eu right now and france ignores it because it doesnt give a shit about letting the people there rot at the mercy of gangs . 
  france really isnt doing anything constructive right now . 
  / u/pwndbyautocorrect is right when he says that france plays smart right now . 
  they probably contribute less than hungary or some other ee nations that are much poorer and smaller . 
  foreign aggression is a little bit overdramatic . 
  isis is just terrorism . 
  we 've had terrorist attacks before and we will continue to see them to some degree , even if we crush isis . 
  the only thing that changed is that france played up the paris attack to some 9/11 like event , this didnt happen after previous attacks in europe . 
  guess hollande really was very desperate to fix his terrible reputation , and sadly it worked for him too . 
  russia is a problem alright , but the sanctions seem to work . 
  crimea isnt coming back anytime soon , but i dont see russia try this again in europe at least . 
  maybe a bit further east in georgia . 
   german interpretation of the unified europe is fascinating . 
  a lot of nations in europe have fascinating interpretations of solidarity . 
  some simply ignore eu decisions , some insist on contributing less than everybody else , some simply dont want to follow certain eu laws . 
  these things happen all the time and nobody questions them . 
  yet when its germany that does something unpopular everybody is up in arms about it . 
   welcome to badeconomics . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  yeah , low paid work force jobs go away and are replaced by jobs that typically require a higher qualification . 
  importing people with a worse qualification than locals will be a problem if the required qualification for jobs increase , even if the total amount of jobs remains the same . 
  afaik rt is actually reasonably good as long as the topic they write about does not involve any russian interests at all . 
  so i guess its just a very rare event . 
  i doubt its going to change . 
  the uk is already considering to leave , cutting their discount would most likely mean an automatic brexit . 
  afaik denmark has recently decided to keep their opt outs , with some sort of referendum and against the will of the goverment no less . 
  other nations probably feel the same , if their petty opt outs are threatened , they would pack their shit and leave . 
  most importantly : everybody suggesting something like this would be crucified . 
  and at the end of the day nobody will risk a carreer for this . 
  so why is it a terrible argument ? 
  when merkel tries to force ee to take migrants they cry self determination even though they have signed treaties saying they would follow eu decision . 
  when germany does something that is not against eu decision its suddenly the greatest crime ever . 
  i dont mind the stance ee takes on migrants , because its obviously very important to them . 
  but its pretty hilarious how they whine about solidarity when they cherry pick it themselves . 
  then again , since you didnt give any argument , even a terrible argument is better than nothing . 
  this wasnt about trade sanctions though . 
  this was about military technology . 
  not selling military technology to a nation that you may have to fight in the ukraine in the near future is very different from trade sanctions . 
  the us wouldnt sell f35 to iran either . 
  the sanctions dont touch oil and gas and are effective anyway . 
  and wether you like it or not , a lot of nations in europe get opt outs of solidarity . 
  some dont take refugees , some dont pay the full membership fee in the eu , some opt out of legal standards . 
  these are things that weaken europe for the interests of a single nation , but i dont mind them that much because a little bit of flexibility allows europe to work . 
  if the pipeline is going to be the solidarity opt out for germany , so be it . 
  if you want to talk about allowing any kind of solidarity opt outs in general , lets go ahead and do this . 
  but there is no point in blaming germany for being selfish while everybody else is selfish once in a while as well . 
  international law is worth as much as the ability to enforce it . 
  evidently , it is not possible to enforce anything against russia right now that would make them consider returning crimea . 
  you can throw snide remarks around all day , it wont change anything . 
  laws and justice are 2 different things . 
  and when it comes to international relationships , its virtually always about one nation forcing its will on another , less powerful nation . 
  its never been different and it will never be different . 
  they do , thats the issue if you depend on others . 
  if the bond is tied to uk law and russia brings it to court they might have the right to confiscate ukrainian property . 
  the problem with crimea is that russia doesnt recognize any tribunal that could judge it . 
   and no-pro american lobby within the european union . 
  we call those `` goverment '' . 
  but thats not going to happen . 
  very few people actually see models on the catwalk . 
  and just about every picture of a model is photoshoped anyway . 
  so companies will keep using models like this for their shows which are mostly intended for other fashion professionals anyway . 
  its those groups that would have to change , not the customers . 
  customers changing their consumption based on something abstract like the weight of models they never see without massive picture manipulation is simply not going to happen . 
  most customers arent very concerned about the backround of the products they buy anyway . 
  they want a label on the product that says its ecological/fair/social or w/e is the current trend so they can feel good and thats it . 
  native born muslims from various backrounds can get radicalized too . 
  the problem are the radical preachers , not the cannon fodder they lure into their shit ideology . 
  dont worry , as long as trump is still running you arent out of the race yet . 
   you say privacy is a human right yet denying some of those very same rights . 
  privacy is not absolute . 
  it is necessary for citizens , but it has limits . 
  its not about spying on politicians 24/7 , its about making sure they use the power they are given in the way they should . 
  politicians need to be accountable for their actions .
