  most of these things wouldnt go back to where they come from because they barely reach europe anyway . 
  so this will do next to nothing . 
  `` turkey '' certainly wouldnt vote erdogan if they had any interest of joining the eu . 
  sure , but a democracy isnt inherently a good thing . 
  a democracy is merely a system , it has no moral alignment on its own and can very much be a terrible , inhuman mess . 
  why do you think did those nations join the eu ? 
  because they benefit from being in the eu . 
  dont get your hopes up , merkel is all but guaranteed to win them anyway . 
  alright then , cya once these countries come crawling back because being poor sucks . 
  too bad thats the one way of handling refugees that is terrible and creates parallel societies and native terrorism . 
  it doesnt matter if you take 40 or 40.000 refugees . 
  but you have to do whatever it takes to integrate them . 
  in fact i 'd rather have you take 40 and integrate them well than take 40.000 and let them rot . 
  thats the thing . 
  merkel is incapable of making quick decisions . 
  she blurped out her little invitation for no reason , she probably didnt even think what it could lead to . 
  and now she cant go back . 
  she isnt sure how the general mood is changing . 
  is there still a majority for naive refugees ahoy politics ? 
  or maybe take a step back and say something that makes her right wing party happy ? 
  and until she figures that out she wont do anything , no matter what happens until then . 
   it 's fucking scary that the gov ' t literally dictating all eu policy ca n't think a few days ahead . 
  thats merkel for you . 
  she figured being nice and inviting people sounds good right ? 
  her plan ended the moment she left the microphone , but a lot of germans though she had it all figured out . 
  and how is it more complicated to have a european minister of defense compared to a german one ? 
  its basically the same , the structures will be basically the same . 
  its just about getting there and deciding if we want this . 
  once a decision is made , creating the necessary structures wont be too much of an issue . 
   what happens when turkish employees have a kurdish manager or factory owner or when kurdish employees have a turkish manager or factory owner ? 
  simple : most of those will shut up and do their job . 
  those that cause trouble will be fired for causing trouble . 
   first off , most eu countries could not afford to maintain a usefully powerful military thats an argument for a european army , not against . 
  and the language would obviously be english . 
  which would be mildly amusing because this army would most likely not include the uk , but its just the most practical approach . 
  anyway , as i said its going to take a very long time until a european army will be dicsussed with any consequence . 
  an eu army would not be subject to bundeswehr regulations . 
  it would be an entirely different organisation , hopefully under controll of the eu parliament . 
  honestly : we will 100 % get a european army eventually . 
  but its going to take time and i dont know if the eu will even be relevant once it happens . 
  militaries are led by military personel . 
  it doesnt matter if its a president or a parliament that orders a deployment . 
  neither will and should interfere with military operations directly . 
   he 's asking a question , expecting to get a response he disagrees with , so he can point his finger and shout `` radical islam '' !, 
  he is asking a question that is provocative in order to see if this guy is civilised enough to deal with things like that . 
  that is perfectly fine . 
  its not about what she said . 
  its about how it was perceived . 
  and its quite obvious that it was perceived as an invitation . 
  i said it before : she announced a minor technicality nobody cared about like a massive invitation that all refugees in the middle east should come to germany right now . 
  it was pretty damn retarded . 
  yeah and look how that worked out . 
  we should probably fix the issues of the first big fuckup before we start the next one . 
  you mean like al-qaeda had to be wiped out ? 
  the eu army would never get ships like that even if it actually happens . 
  and chances are there will be no relevant eu army . 
  the main problem about this army is that its going to be useless once the ez gets a political base . 
  right now the chances for a europe with 2 different speeds are very high . 
  the most likely way of doing this would be using the ez for the heavy politican integration and dialing back the eu to a glorified free trade agreement and some cultural stuff . 
  so this army might never see an actual deployment before being scrapped and thats assuming such an army would be agreed upon to begin with . 
  nobody has been broken . 
  greece got another bailout and we spend 86 billion euro just to have the very same discussion again in 3 years . 
  everybody cried when we used the shit against you . 
  so now just shut up and buy it already . 
   you were talking about what matters to a few online xenophobes and armchair generals . 
  not really . 
  the main interest of the eu/europe and the west in general is to get syria stable enough to stop the exodus of its citizens . 
  but nobody is willing to commit any noticeable amount of ressources to end the conflict directly . 
  because nobody trust local faction enough to effectively give them controll over syria . 
  thats the issue . 
  the nato could end this war whenever we feel like it . 
  but without a local faction that can be trusted to rebuild properly , this would be just as much of a fuckup as iraq and afghanistan . 
  so its really hard to sell a syria intervenition to voters . 
  all things considered a russian intervenition might be the only way to end the war , even if it means turning syria into a russian puppet state . 
  alright , then tell me : which factions in this war are capable of rebuilding syria with minimal assistance from foreign militaries in case of a victory ? 
  because thats the only thing that matters , at all . 
  steinmeier has no clue what to do about syria either . 
  i would prefer to have assad win the war rather than isis . 
  so if russia is willing to act , let them . 
   what are the values of the german constitution ? 
  really ? 
  i mean if you actually care about it go read this : the english site of our parliament has a different structure , but this should be the constitution or at least a summary . 
  you sound like all is well . 
  i mean its a nice list you posted and i am aware of language test . 
  but tell me something : do you think the german of the aslan families father in the video is sufficient for somebody that lives in germany for 20 years ? 
  do you think that this father is raising his children with a proper understanding of the the german constitution and values ? 
  honestly , this father raises one of his children to be a victim and the other one to be a criminal . 
  the kids should be taken out of this family . 
  at the very least this video should give enough insight to have this family investigated by the jugendamt . 
  ehh thats a thin line you walk there . 
  you cant nationalise companies because they make to much money and the market for their product doesnt work as well it should . 
  nationalisation should only be an option after steps to improve competition were taken . 
  i understand it from an infrastructure standpoint though . 
   wants to leave nato sounds bad on paper , but considering the natos last few big operations were cannonfodder for the us , its not as terrible . 
  should probably make some bilateral plans for eastern europes defense tho . 
   has rebelled against the labour party in 500 + votes during his career as an mp that is positive , it means he has a spine and a clear agenda  wants to introduce a maximum wage . 
  how does that even work ? 
   wants to implement rent controls thats probably a good idea , if done right  wants to renationalize energy companies not necessarily bad , just a bit weird . 
  he tries to say that the media uses images of supposedly weak and dependant people to create sympathy for the refugees rather than showing the kind of people that are actually representative of the current migrants : young , reasonably healthy males with smarphones . 
  because those people dont get nearly as much sympathy .
