  well he should probably be extradited . 
  then again , there is always the option for the greek to approach him and give him a good deal for his assistance with the investigations . 
  surely jailing half of the criminals is better than getting none ? 
   but that ... really ? 
  siemens and co is the victim huh . 
  and ... yeah , no forced loans when german and french banks where to be affected . 
  sure . 
  no , greece is the victim , the criminals are the greek politicians that took bribes . 
  so tell me , how many of those politicains are in jail by now ? 
   ca n't they ? 
  they got from turkey to greece , and others from tunesia to italy . 
  it may not be too hard to set up a greece-italy smuggling route . 
  they get into greece because the sea border is actually very hard to protect . 
  a land border is orders of magnitude easier to protect . 
  unless you are saying that it is impossible in general to protect any sort of borders . 
   there 's no `` pragmatic '' way to stop people from coming . 
  there 's only an evil one . 
  the pragmatic way is to deny them any reason to come . 
  they want asylum to be safe from war ? 
  fine , build some nice , cozy camps and let them rot there . 
  they will certainly be safe and after all , they only come to europe for safety , right ? 
  greece also didnt allow the eu to send them police to help guard the border . 
  and its not like greece was forced at gunpoint to accept bribes and take loans . 
  only if you plan to live of this forever though . 
  one of the core arguments for any sort of welfare is to be able to maintain your living conditions long enough to find work again . 
   my girlfriend lived on approximately this amount of money for some time while studying damn thats insane , you can make due with ~ 700 a month if you study in germany . 
   are the culprits aware that they are refusing the state a yearly multi billion check for their own political petty gain ? 
  they often rationalize it with arguments they are forcefed by googles lobbyists . 
  just like sometimes new laws are basically written by lobbyists and politicians justify it by saying that you must have industry people write their laws because they know better . 
   why do you think that will change now ? 
  deporting thousands wont do much if you get millions . 
  and as we can see , merkel didnt deport enough to prevent nye . 
  most nye suspects should have been deported long ago . 
  state elections are close , she has to say something to buy time . 
  by the time anybody figures out she lied , elections are over . 
  hell its probably going to take a decade until we figure out just how much damage merkels incompetence has done . 
   funny how people switch the words and meaning of migrant , refugee , migrant crisis , and refugee crisis as it suits them . 
  alright , point out the error if there is one please ? 
  because from my point of view , my post is accurate and correct . 
   when the state willingly destroys its own national borders and integrity , oh please , this kind of bullshit would justify anything if you were right . 
  it doesnt matter what happens , nobody has any right to attack others . 
  we also recognize saudi arabia and other lovely regimes . 
  guess this is more about the state than its politicians . 
  but its true . 
  most if not all of the suspects are migrants that have been in germany for a few years . 
  mind you nye was a failure of merkels/germanies migration policies . 
  but is has nothing to do with the current migrant crisis . 
  the only connection is that the migration policies that have caused the nye attack are just as bad as those that have allowed the current crisis to spiral out of control . 
  if you want to get technical : - the current problem is that we encourage migration and accept too much migrants that come for shady/economic reasons . 
  - the problem with nye was that we dont properly deport migrants that were denied asylum . 
  good , go ahead and do this . 
  i am pretty sure this is the single fastest way to solve this migrant crisis . 
  force the eu to actually deal with this amount of migrants and we get prison camps within the week . 
  its also the single fastest way to make sure that turkey will never get into the eu and will never get easy visas either . 
  the eu should really not fall for this shit . 
  turkey should be reminded of their place . 
  if they cant keep their end of an existing agreement , there is no point in negotiating any further agreements . 
  erdogan wants easier visas badly , it would be a huge domestic victory for him . 
  that should be enough leverage for the eu to work with . 
  then again turkey trying to scam the eu is good for long term policy . 
  it shows that we cant rely on others and have to fix the migrant issue on our end by reducing incentives . 
  nothing has changed at all . 
  i do see obvious new migrants every morning on my way to work . 
  actually saw them slowly settling in . 
  from being yelled at by frustrated bus drivers because they didnt understand the rules to going shopping in huge goups with their families to the men and boys commuting to their integration courses . 
  still weird that the women and girls somehow dont go to those courses . 
  but other than the noticeable smell , nothing changed for me personally . 
  even if you dont get reassigned , you can simply complete the hauptschule ( worst school , 9 years ) and then go to higher schools and finish your last few years . 
  i got told to chose between gymnasium ( best school , 12-13 years ) and realschule ( intermediate , 10 years ) , my parent picked realschule . 
  but after i completed it i simply went to another gymnasium . 
  you dont even have to pass an entry exam , just sign up for it . 
  the problem with the german system is that the `` automatic '' progress sucks and kids with bad families get fucked . 
  but it is remarkably easy and cheap to improve your education if you have the drive to do so yourself . 
  terrorism is terrorism . 
  being incompetent about it doesnt make it any better . 
  for all we knew the guy didnt know that the grenades detonator wasnt working . 
  it must have been some old , possibly soviet/gdr grenade . 
  it didnt explode after all . 
  thats certainly a very white friend . 
  must be a goth or something . 
   no they do n't . 
  poverty in germany is at its highest since german reunification in 1990 . 
  but every german that doesnt flat out refuse to ask for it will get harz4 . 
  its basically the same amount of money that the refugees get . 
  its really not the failure of society when people are too drunk to apply for welfare or ask for help to deal with their addictions . 
   then why do you confuse it with a dictatorship . 
  i am not , you replied to a post about dictatorships and started talking about meritocracy . 
  the first of my posts you replied to didnt say a word about that . 
  i know what a meritocracy is . 
  but ultimately its humans judging humans . 
  if you think that every human will suddenly be selfless and objective in their actions you are naive . 
  we appreciate that you take one for the team . 
  dictatorships always have the same problem . 
  because there is no oversight , the dictator will sooner or later develop a bunker mentality . 
  no matter how nice a dictator is initially , eventually any form of dissent will be taken personal and answered with violence . 
  this will snowball until you end up with a rather grim regime . 
  dictatorships also have a very hard time to transfer power after the death of the dictator . 
  after all any dictator will spend a lot of time to solidify their own position of power and get rid of competitors . 
  assad for example was a fairly modern dictator . 
  but once people stood up to him he just went nuts and well , you see the result .
