  shame about yemen tho . 
  the ruhrgebiet does struggle with unemployement afaik . 
  its just not as bad because germany as a whole is doing fine at the moment . 
  we also have managed to maintain a lot more heavy industry than most western nations , i think . 
  because `` they cant be this stupid '' recently stopped being an argument when it comes to elections and referendums . 
  being stupid is not a cultural issue , france isnt immune to populism and lepen should not be taken lightly , even if her chances to get anything done are still marginal . 
  your mistake was doing this , but forgetting you didnt have another round . 
  easy mistake to make . 
  why not ? 
  if you really want to tell the goverment how much you hate it , but arent willing to actually put lepen in the palace , you vote for her in the first round , then switch . 
  its essentially the option for angry , but not entirely stupid people . 
  do they pick up people in lybian waters and bring them to europe ? 
  because that sounds kinda close to smuggling . 
  that statement doesnt make any sense . 
  liberals can lean left or right , depending on their preference for social or economic issues , but thats about it . 
  no , you 'd just be liberal i 'd sum it up like this : liberal : less regulation for everybody conservative : many social regulations , few economic regulations left/socialist : many economic regulations , few social regulations, 
  if the ngos act like smugglers , you treat them like smugglers . 
  no legislation needed . 
  quotas only work if they are in absolute numbers , not percentages . 
  yes we might have needed quotas , but we absolutely needed migration limits . 
  countries like poland would not take x % of an unlimited amount of refugees , because thats just a dumb fucking idea to begin with . 
  but with a fixed limit and fixed quotas we might have gotten a compromise . 
  merkels ignorance ultimately prevented that because she refused to talk about limits on principle . 
  talk is cheap . 
  the uk bailed out like everybody else when it came down to acting . 
  and none of the refugees already in turkey would have gone back to a save zone that was ultimately just erdogans tool to screw the kurds . 
  these refugees were save in turkey , yet they invested money to get a ticket to wealth in europe . 
  do you really think that a savezone in syria would have been any more attractive than rotting in turkey or wealfare in europe ? 
  i dont think so . 
  in that case , she might as well just join the csu and move to bavaria . 
  this would also have the advantage of getting to shit talk goverment policies without ever having to present any alternatives , while supporting the goverment anyway . 
  sounds perfect for a populist like her . 
  the `` establishment '' told the refugees to fuck of and let those that did get in rot in a slum in calais rather than register them and treat them in france . 
  maybe you should vote for hollandes party , he did treat the refugees about as badly as possible . 
  and honestly , i 'd be amused if lepen wins . 
  you 'd think trumps incompetence was warning enough , but perhaps we need a right wing fuckup to win an election in europe to show people just what kind of ignorant and hilariously incompetent failures they are . 
  since basically every religious person , no matter how hardcore , cherry picks the part of their religion that they like and ignores the rest . 
  what exactly would be the difference ? 
  the only point of space travel is research . 
  we are hundreds of years away from being able to sustain a self contained population outside of earth . 
  mostly , but not exclusively , for economic reasons . 
  the people we currently send into space are some of the most healthy and well trained professionals in the world for a reason . 
  well its easy , every goverment in the world that uses german cars basically submits to a eu sphere of influence . 
  once we reach a point of sufficient saturation , we make use of the build in electronics to arrange unfortunate meetings with trees for the cars of goverment officials that dont play nice . 
  its like the dictators pay for the cruise missiles that end them !, 
   i believe stable countries should be built on trust that politicians do not screw over people , rather than rules that directly prevents them from doing it to a large extent . 
  this makes the system more flexible and have no downsides as long as you have good people in parliament . 
  counterarguments : trump , orban , erdogan , putin all democratically elected , all either threatening or outright destroying the democratic system that elected them . 
  i think you would not argue for basic human decency and good faith in politicians if you 'd live in one of these countries . 
  and as such we should prepare ourselves to avoid their fate , rather than hope that we never get into such a situation . 
  except that this is what should have been done in the financial crisis , but wasnt . 
  corporations serve a certain role in our society . 
  there is nothing wrong with dismanteling them if they step out of line and become a burden on the very existance of our society . 
  so your argument is hopes and dreams and the fact that the goverments cant possible attempt to screw over its own population ? 
  thats not very helpfull honestly . 
  especially because trump already doesnt understand the whole concept of separation of powers . 
  who wants to open borders though ? 
  because the socialist party under hollande told every refugee to fuck off . 
  france took like 30k token refugees to save face , but was otherwise really silent . 
  so even the evil socialist globalist elite blablabla went out of their way not to let muslims in . 
  so what kind of policy are you fighting by voting far right ? 
  because unless you plan to deport french citizen , lepen isnt going to do anything about the evil brown people . 
  because there is not much that can be done outside of integration . 
  in germany its also a matter of money . 
  its quite simple : since childcare can be hard to find , one parent has to stay at home in a lot of families . 
  women earn , on average , 20 % less than men : it simply does not make sense for the husband to stay at home . 
  on top of that : men staying at home to take care of the children while the wife works is still not entirely accepted . 
  few will dare to openly mock people , but i would argue its seen as unmanly and strange on the level of being gay . 
  considering the obscene amount of money greece gets and the effective cost for europe ( difference between close to 0 interest rate greece pays and their market rate of 20 % + + + + + ) europe already pays a lot of money . 
  and thats assuming the loans will ever be repaid in full , which is quite questionable . 
  the point is that he didnt commit a crime for political reasons . 
  he commited a crime and used an existing social and political problem to deflect responsibility . 
  this is a simple scapegoat situation . 
  chances are he only tries to make it look like islamic terrorism because that sells pretty easily these days . 
   and since public perception is what makes the terror , it would have been an actual terror attack . 
  only the actual motivation counts . 
  i mean holy shit in what world are you living ? 
  public perception of a crime is not enough for a terrorism charge . 
  that would be some serious insanity . 
  the point is that 40-60 years ago , these people would have been communist terrorists rather than islamic ones because that was the popular radicalisation subculture back then . 
  a hundred years ago these people might have been fascists . 
  people that are content with their life ( actually , not just superficially ) dont fall for this . 
  these people have some sort of issue in their own lifes that makes them vulnerable for demagogues promising them both easy solutions for their issues and a social framework that supports them . 
  the actual ideology changes like fashion , the core problem remains the same . 
  islam is simply the most popular `` underdog '' culture in europe right now . 
  its also always on the news which helps the fanatics to recruit their cannon fodder . 
  i actually very much doubt that tesla can match vw quality . 
  the us market in general tends to get inferior quality cars compared to those sold in europe , regardless of manufacturer . 
  i doubt tesla produces a eu version of their current cars . 
  the us are better for young people . 
  once you get older and have a family , the much better social services easily make up for the difference . 
  the us are not able to prevent this kind of invasion . 
  the nato is about prevention and retaliation . 
  not perfect protection against a suicidal russia wanting to go out in a blaze . 
  even the nato with the us going all in never pretended to be able to defend the baltics or eastern europe . 
  the idea was to make sure that taking the baltics would not be worth it . 
  preferably by just sending more tanks , if need be by burning moscow of the maps . 
  chances are the russians would make it halfway through poland or maybe even reach the german border if they really wanted to go out in a blaze . 
  so this scenario outlined here isnt that much worse . 
  if you cant change the world while paying competitive salaries , your change isnt worth it tho .
