  just to give an example : one of these `` attacks '' were a bunch of kids placing a few pig heads . 
  yes thats all , kids placing pig heads to troll people . 
  not sure how the migrants survived this one . 
  hate to say it , but your girlfriend should get out if her employer doesnt step up security . 
  no job is worth risking your health over it . 
  i wish we had a politician capable of setting up something like this . 
  that would at least make them competent . 
   if i was in their situation i would do the exact same thing . 
  i would want my children to life somewhere where they 'll get a good education thats the point isnt it ? 
  they want money . 
  we dont want to give it to them . 
  this is a simple conflict of interest . 
  lets treat it as such . 
  they have no moral high ground , no special rights , nothing . 
  its their interest vs ours . 
  that means they lose , end of the story . 
  germany and sweden didnt break the rules . 
  dublin ii ( i think ) explicitly allows nations to take care of migrants they cant be forced to take care of . 
  it doesnt however , allow greece to send migrants away without registering them . 
  technically speaking , only greece violated the treaties . 
  now in practice , greece simply cant handle this and the treaty is dumb . 
  but if this comes down to the letter , greece is responsible for this . 
  guess whatever greek goverment signed this shit didnt read it very thoroughly . 
   magical how it just happens that those countries also occasionally lose tens of thousands of immigrants , huh ? 
  it 's almost like tiny countries ( or even huge countries , like germany or france ) ca n't handle millions of immigrants . 
  let me put it this way : even if nobody would single out greece , they could screw you over very fast by insisting that you register every single migrant . 
  thats within their rights , your country has agreed to this . 
  this has nothing to do with greece being weak , this is mostly about the fact that you are screwed by your position on the map and if the rest of europe doesnt feel like dealing with migrants anymore , they can just force you to deal with them . 
   sure , but as a said to the other commenter , a german citizen has a choice of working or going on welfare . 
  the choice of welfare has it 's consequences , like taking your jewelry . 
  a migrant has the choice of not making a beeline for fat welfare in germany and apply for asylum in any of the countries they passed through . 
  i personally appreciate the irony of migrants losing their assets because they went out of their way to increase their assets . 
  either was , as i said above : asylum isnt intended to give migrants the same rights that natives enjoy . 
  its intended to keep them safe until they can return home . 
  being uncompfortable surely is an acceptable tradeof for being alive ? 
  turkey isnt nearly as close an ally , at least not to germany . 
  they dont get free state of the art subs from us for once . 
  they also got a lot of shit for fighting the pkk rather than isis . 
  as well as for their perceived failure in handling the migrants . 
  now i know israel gets a lot of hate for being israel , but that doesnt change the fact that a lot of more level headed criticism is perfectly justified . 
   they 're not getting the benefits of being citizens , so why should they get the downsides ? 
  thats wrong . 
  migrants get welfare that is close to harz4 , in fact a migrant costs more than than an unemployed german because of the asylum processing . 
  he is probably downvoted because this law exists for a long time and has nothing to do with desperate measures . 
  its a good law that should be communicated more openly . 
  asylum isnt supposed to be nice . 
  its not supposed to allow anybody to build a new life . 
  asylum is supposed to allow people to survive until their home is safe again . 
   however , when said democratic government is criticized far more extensively and thoroughly than other governments which do much worse things , and far out of proportion to its economic or political importance in the world , and using the most extreme and hyperbolic terminology , one might fairly want to ask a few questions . 
  israel gets more shit because its an ally and a democracy . 
  just like the us are getting more criticism than say russia or iran . 
  we hold allies to higher standards than random dictatorships . 
  and especially israel receives so much support from the outside that we * must * hold them to the highest standard . 
  because our own politicians justify the support for israel with israels supposedly bad situation . 
  so we have any right to call them out for doing dumb shit that makes their situation worse . 
  because its also our money that goes down the drain . 
  i personally think israel is full of shit . 
  but i wouldnt care at all what they do if we 'd just cut them off and let them do whatever they want . 
   yeah , once the euro crisis vanishes . 
  with its ever-increasing debt , no natural end to the problem in sight and no solution from europe becoming apparent . 
  once that vanishes from the news . 
   the part when she said `` release yourself from the shackles of freedom and democracy '' gave me chills . 
  thats because freedom is a buzzword that has been misused by many , especially the us since 9/11 . 
  thats normal , people with extreme opinion wont elaborate on them if they dont know you are `` in '' on it too . 
  just take a look at the number of concerned citizens on social networks right now . 
  a few months back they had the very same beliefs , but couldnt talk about it in public without being called out for their shit . 
  nuclear weapons have not killed a significant amount of people when compared to more casual weapons like guns . 
   and that 's aside from the fact that science itself has invented most weapons . 
  the lack of advanced weapons probably didnt stop cavemen from clubbing eachother to death . 
  those are still humans though . 
  calling them the devil and treating them like the ultimate evil wont do anything . 
  those people werent born as terrorists . 
  we need to find out how they got into this and how to prevent idiots from doing the same . 
  your black and white shit will only draw attention away from the actual problem . 
  you are doing the very same thing fascists do . 
  you define a group as your enemy because of the actions of a few members of this group . 
  then you declare that against this enemy , everything goes , including unprovoced violence . 
  the irony is kind of amusing , too bad people get hurt because of this shit . 
  oh please , there is no such thing as self defense against free speech . 
  if you attack somebody that didnt attack you first , you are a criminal . 
  this isnt negotiable . 
   because even if the new arrivals stop completely , there will still be crimes , problems and all that kinda stuff with some of the refugees . 
  but how many people will actually experience this directly ? 
  or let me ask you another question : how many people are still up in arms over merkels treatment of greece ? 
  see ? 
  the news changed , so did the focus of public opinion . 
  germany can be weird like that . 
  hell in other nations the afd would probably sit at 30 % in a situation like this . 
  merkels policies wont be seen as failure . 
  the costs of this migrant crisis arent going to be very obvious . 
  its mostly social problems and a slow budget creep for the migrants welfare that will be virtually impossible to track back to them . 
  people will forget once the migrant waves stop , even if millions will have arrived by that point . 
  once the news have something else to talk about , merkel will be the great hero of our time and nobody will care about her incompetence . 
  there is no shitstorm . 
  merkels popularity only took a small dent . 
  and the events of nye will not repeat themselves . 
  sure there will be similar crimes , but i doubt we 'll ever get headlines like this again . 
  merkel will be reelected . 
  just accept it and move on . 
  they are a fringe party though .
