  these ethnic issues are the core of all problems in the region and are virtually impossible to fix from the outside . 
  syria is done for , there is nothing left to sort out . 
  and its not like we would be able to sort it out anyway . 
  germany still gets a lot of refugees from iraq and afghanistan . 
  sure those states have semi stable goverments , but they are still shitholes beyond hope . 
  i would really love to be optimistic about this . 
  but i have no reason to believe that we would be any more successful in syria than we were in iraq or afghanistan . 
  mind you an intervenition would be good for syria , after all its in much worse shape than the countries we `` liberated '' . 
  but it wouldnt do much for the refugee situation on our side . 
   imo , some form of australian way is imminent in the medium term . 
  to be honest , there is no australian solution . 
  the agreement with turkey already doesnt work and there are very few reliable partners in the area we could use . 
  all we can do is to make sure that migrants dont want to come to europe . 
  that means making sure they will not be able to build any sort of life here . 
  no right to work , no naturalization , no cash as welfare . 
  make sure that comming here means their life sucks and will suck until they leave . 
  the entire point of refuge status and asylum is safety , not providing every random african a better life . 
   no , `` the dublin '' has not been violated . 
  article 17 of the dublin regulations states dublin was violated the second a single unregistered migrant left greece . 
  that others took them later on doesnt matter . 
  dublin ii is simply irrelevant because the premise it was based on isnt relevant anymore . 
  we need a new agreement for handling migrants that works even if millions of them come to europe . 
  you cant really deport them most of the time . 
  deportation to syria would basically be a death sentence . 
  so you make sure they dont have any reasons to come to denmark or stay . 
  its much easier the imo the correct course of action in general . 
   first merkel is ignoring the mass popular opinion , as presented by pegida and other right wing movements . 
  pegida and the right wing never had anything close to a majority . 
  towards the end of 2015 the general opinion was pretty much mixed , before that it was heavily in favor of refugees . 
  merkel jumped on the train when migration was popular and she wont leave the train until she is a thousand percent certain the train is about to crash . 
  so far this wasnt the case , though the nye attacks might have changed that . 
  emphasis on might . 
  fear of attacks or not , mass deportations would still cause an outcry . 
  merkel is a populist , she doesnt care if the country goes to shit if she can preserve her good ratings . 
  so she will suggest some placebo policies that nobody really opposes because they are harmless and thats about it . 
  merkel wont even admit that she has made any mistakes . 
  no they dont . 
  we dont inform people about murderers , psychopaths or arsonists either . 
  so why would we inform the neighbours about sex offenders ? 
  oh come on . 
  mass rape ? 
  i have seen mentions of 2 actual rapes on top of a ton of sexual harassment , where do you get a number that could be called mass rape ? 
  i mean judging by news only , catholic priests have raped more people than muslims in the last few years . 
  and we go as far as letting the organisation the priests belong to lead the investigations into that . 
  imagine if we 'd leave the investigation of those rapes to the local imam . 
  now that would be a serious violation of `` vital interests '' . 
  but terrorist implies a greater influence than criminal in my opinion . 
  pretty sure that deluded idiots trying to start a `` revolution '' with violence would consider it an insult to be called a petty criminal . 
  and i would say its important not to glorify people like this . 
  so this distinction can be quite important . 
  the ukraine wasnt about violence . 
  if you want a good example of an actually violent `` revolution '' , look at syria . 
  the ukraine was mostly protest as far as i remember . 
  if you start using violence for politics , you will just be seen as a terrorist or lunatic or maybe even just a criminal . 
  either way , nobody will listen to you . 
  let them all write books about their world views . 
  shoot them if the book is terrible . 
  especially when the pope advises people against the `` humanist '' course of action of letting everybody in . 
  that actually seems quite dramatic imo . 
  dont be naive , these people are not random citizens . 
  they are probably lets say concerned citizens that always suspected that everything is going to hell and the goverment are traitors . 
  only now they find the confidence for this `` vigilante '' crap . 
  because once the emotional bubble of panick and fear is gone , everybody will make fun of those nutjobs again . 
  feeling insecure and maybe getting a pepperspray for yourself is one thing . 
  setting up this vigilante shit and attempting to control or pressure people is ridiculous . 
  just imagine there would be vigilante groups wearing muslim garbs . 
  everybody would be going nuts about them and beg the police to get rid of them . 
  these `` concerned '' citizens arent any better . 
  they just ride the current fears for their own pathetic interests . 
  but doing something relevant , like visit old people that are still alive would be hard and might get awkward . 
  this way they can feel good about themselves without having to do anything unpleasant . 
  these jobs stay until somebody else makes a better offer . 
  chances are you wont win a race to the bottom . 
  tickle down economy doesnt work . 
  companies dont just magically create jobs if you allow them to make sick profits . 
  if i were a cynic , i would read this as her trying to forcer her own population into serving the migrants because the existing agencies are obviously unable to do so . 
  interesting idea . 
  so does shitposting . 
  so whats your idea to fix this problem ? 
  what should the major do to be a good politician ? 
  whats he supposed to do ? 
  he cant really stop people from sueing clubs for noise . 
  and building a youth center doesnt really help . 
  even if he could somehow get a budget for it , these things arent meant for night time entertainment . 
  the fact that he just went there to see what the situation is already makes him a better politician than most others . 
   people love being liberal and real democratic as long as nothing bad ever happens to them . 
  yeah , wrong guess my friend . 
  i know that some of our freedoms and rights come at the cost of increased crime and other disadvantages . 
  this is a price that i am willing to pay . 
  and its not like our society would be much better the other way around . 
  a self important police state doesnt mean less injustice , it simply means the injustice comes from another direction . 
  yes the events of cologne are the result of incompetent police and a ridiculous migration policy . 
  but a police state is not the answer . 
  we just have to make sure that the direct mistakes that caused this wont happen again . 
   all that means is that even more german politicians over a longer period of time are to blame , though . 
  it means that germany has been making terrible mistakes and destroying their country for much longer than people are currently assuming . 
  again , nothing justifies a crime like this . 
  sure we are not robots , humans can be manipulated . 
  but at the end of the day you chose your own way in life . 
  chosing to attack random brown people because other brown people appareantly attacked a lot of women is a dumb choice , and it is solely your own fault if you do this .
