  also the guy was austrian , that has to count for something . 
  syriza has already started to set up their people for good jobs , it was even mentioned in a speech in the eu parliament . 
  its the same story again for greece . 
  yeah i really hope tsipras gets burned at the stake for his shit . 
  kind of disappointed that he had no balls in the end . 
  i would have prefered a greek default to get them out of the euro once and for all . 
  hell any offers made by the ez should have forced greek out of the euro in exchange for bailouts . 
  its not about blindly following rules . 
  if rules are broken in a limited or non dangerous fashion its not as bad . 
  if you break rules so much that you need a 400 billion bailout , well ... 
  its not even about giving the eu more power . 
  just move competences from the commision to the parliament and its all good . 
  germany is hardly a sovereign country at this point . 
  and not only germany . 
  most if not all european nations are basically us vasalls . 
  nothing you can do about it . 
  well almost nothing . 
  shit like this means that any cooporation with the us is basically pointless and we should avoid working with them as much as possible . 
  in the end the us will exploit any cooporation for their interest and our goverment will not be willing to do anything against it . 
  one more reason to be against ttip . 
   europe must remain united no matter what . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  there are several countries in europe that arent even part of the eu , more dont have and dont want the euro . 
  does that mean europe isnt united anyway ? 
  you throw around buzzwords like they are greek ious but you dont have any substantial arguments . 
  russia is currently busy paying billions in crimea , the only deal they will offer greece is an advance payment for a pipeline which aligns with european interest because it will stabilise the gas supply for western europe . 
  russia wont move past the ukraine . 
  they wont even claim the ukraine . 
  all russia wants is to destabilise it to have a buffer between its borders and nato territory . 
  this russia craze is completely unrealistic . 
  no , he simply prefers good old realpolitik . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  syriza held the referendum to be in a stronger position for negotiations . 
  when those negotiations happened , they came empty handed . 
  they didnt even bring an unrealistic offer , they had nothing . 
  how can the negotiations possibly go anywhere if the greek come empty handed . 
  i mean they planned the referendum for this very moment . 
  why the fuck didnt they work out proposals for both possible referendum results in advance ? 
  how can they be so damn incompetent ? 
  eramus doesnt break cultures . 
  hell most nations have very different cultures throughout their states/regions and still somehow manage to maintain these . 
  which doesnt change anything . 
  greece would take decades to service its debts . 
  the imf recommends a massive debt cut on top of freezing the debt for 20 years . 
  if we go that far we might as well let them default and make sure at least greece will not threaten the ez with its shit spending discipline ever again . 
  greece is brankrupt either way . 
  if it takes 30 or 50 years to catch up again doesnt matter . 
  meanwhile letting it default is not only the democratic thing to do with the current mood in europe , its also cheaper than 17 rounds of additional bailouts . 
  simply put : every single euro greece got is basically gone . 
  nobody has any illusions that greece will actually pay back their debts . 
  so why throw good money after bad ? 
  `` you '' did it because a ) ww2 was caused by the debts of ww1 and b ) you needed germany as a strong frontline against communism . 
  it was a pragmatic decision , not charity . 
  it was necessary to bail out the banks back then . 
  i for one wish we 'd have gotten much better regulation policies and a couple of executive 's heads on a silver platter out of it , but the bailout was needed . 
  to be fair , you cant really guess what a politician does after his goverment job and schroeder got a lot of flak for going native in russia . 
  most importantly : schroeders harz reforms are one of the main reasons germany runs as smooth as it does right now . 
  yes those reforms werent nice , but they worked . 
  and here i thought we are knows for beer , bratwurst and bmw . 
  so somebody ate one cake and puked on the next ? 
  they buy their own propaganda . 
  they got elected by making the unrealistic promise of keeping the euro while evading austerity . 
  they probably thought they are some sort of master negotiators that could make treaties out of thin air . 
  but they arent and i am not sure if they have caught up with this reality yet . 
  honestly , at this point in time a default might be the best solution for both sides . 
  greece gets a 100 % debt cut that doesnt have to pass any parliaments . 
  the eurozone gets rid of greece which at the very least means this wont happen again . 
  its not perfect , but i dont see a better solution given the situation . 
  ahh foresight , well done . 
   i should be a cultural consultant for the troika . 
  not wasting any time to get a job that will pay euro even in a month huh ? 
  if anybody asks me : you got my vote, 
  those `` victims '' just voted their own country out of the euro . 
  you can only blame the `` ruling class '' so much in a democracy and a referendum means that the greek themselves are responsible for their fate . 
  its hardly the eus fault if they bought the shit their populist goverment spread . 
  there isnt much to gain from crushing greece in practise . 
  it will however serve as a decent warning . 
  if greece goes down the drain , no other country will dare to gamble with the ez like this again . 
  basically : it would weaken the position of parties like podemos . 
  the real shame is that the greek were lied to by their own goverment about the actual implications of the referendum . 
  right now its probably too late to pull back and get a deal . 
  oh sure they were elected . 
  but the main problem is that they said no more austerity ( which is fine ) but they also said that greece would keep the euro . 
  syriza is in no position to promise euro + no austerity either one is fine , both are jsut not realistic . 
  which is my point : they promised something that was very unlikely if not flat out impossible . 
  and they got elected for it . 
  give me one reason why this wont happen again in the future if greece gets away with their demands now ? 
  the eurogroup trusted greece when it was given the euro . 
  now its hard to say how much was really known about the cheating , but there were probably at least suspicions . 
  this trust did not pay off , at all . 
  the realistic answer would probably be that italy and spain are too big to fail . 
  meanwhile , greece is evidently seen as small enough to be cut off without tearing down everything . 
  its just about money . 
  we saved what we absolutely had to save . 
  now why bother saving a small country that can probably default savely at this point in time ? 
  realpolitik if you will . 
  the part where the greek have to elect a goverment that actually does this rather than promising things they cant afford jsut to get elected . 
  like you know , what syriza did . 
  it was never about the holocaust though . 
  for once ww2 was basically just an extension of ww1 and the economic fallout of versailles .
