  a transfer union would require giving the ez significant influence on the greek budget . 
  enough that we wouldnt have to ask for certain reforms , we could implement them ourselves . 
  i very much doubt greece is willing to fork over this much sovereignity . 
  so what you are saying is that europe should in fact pay into greece budget for as long as the greek deem it necessary ? 
  feel free to go ahead and start with your own money . 
  the country says its not their problem and the vienna treaty covers this . 
  what are you going to do about it ? 
  the us dont care about dealing with tyrants if need be , turkey will stay in the nato . 
  i can imagine that the nukes will be moved at some point though . 
  it doesnt matter if realpolitik dictates that the us appease tyrants , its still not wise to deliver them nukes on a silver platter . 
  so what ? 
  just because companies * can * be good for growth , it doesnt mean that we have to bend over for them . 
   why should governments be immune from competing with each other . 
  because goverments are ultimately just the face of a society and societies shouldnt compete with eachother in a race of who can exploit their own citizen the most to make a handful of billionaires richer than they already are . 
  because they are opposition parties that request information from the goverment . 
  the goverment doesnt have to request this stuff . 
  the question is why some communication services should be regulated different from others just because they use different hardward sometimes . 
  its perfectly logical to regulate all of these services based on the service they offer , not on the way they use to transmit their data . 
  this isnt about banning encryption , this is about regulating a defacto communication service like a well like a communication service . 
  that means in germany , the police will need a court order to access communication and it will be encrypted anyway . 
  this is a pretty good idea overall . 
  unlike your goverments attempts at banning encryption . 
  i can guarantee you that most people understood the survey as `` do you trust putin to do the right thing for * you * '' which is why the rating in poland is so low . 
  if explicitly asked if they think putin would do the right thing for russia , the numbers would be significantly higher across the board . 
  even though that is realistically the implication of the question . 
  so a lot of people answered a question they werent asked . 
  police officers are supposed to put their life on the line to save others , even the perpetrators life . 
  these officers handeled it the way they were supposed to , they tried to talk him into giving up , then shot him without killing him to force the issue . 
  thats their job , executing random crazies isnt . 
  well they got him , he survived and nobody else got hurt . 
  so i guess everything is fine . 
  the problem is that there is no neutral `` right thing '' to do . 
  so asking if you trust putin to do the right thing is rather open ended to say the least . 
  even if you are optimistic , putin will at most do the right thing for russia ( as opposed to for himself and his cronies ) . 
  which might still be very bad for everybody outside of russia . 
  too bad the decisions will be made by politicians . 
  that means they will delay the inevitable bad news to let their successors take care of it until one unlucky person cant delay any further and has to bite the bullet . 
  it also means that the focus will not be on a smooth transition , but on deflecting responsibility which means things will get rough and a ton of people will get angry and take the opportunity to vote for populists that promise them to make pensions great again . 
  really our only hope for getting through this is that our economy stays strong for a very long time . 
  this is not a research problem . 
  its a simply money problem . 
  the point is that this is a defacto pension reduction . 
  but politicians are afraid to mention that so they do it though the backdoor . 
  but that only leads to more problems , easy fodder for populists for example . 
  any increases to retirement age are defacto reductions of pensions . 
  for example : right now the jobcenter does have special programs for 50 + people , because its already hard for many to find a new job at that age . 
  but once you hit 60 + they just tell you that you dont have to bother looking for jobs anymore because its pointless and nobody will hire you . 
  even the 67 years we have right now are mostly irrelevant . 
  any further increases are just politicians reducing pensions by proxy . 
  it really doesnt matter what kind of course you give them . 
  they will listen to their parents over random teachers . 
  it will take several generations to integrate even a large part of these people and their descendants . 
  and even then there will be a lot that simply dont integrate because there is no pressure to do so with enough likeminded people around . 
  you walk up to the next police officer you see , you tell them in english that you are a foreign citizen that got robbed and ask them to put you in contact with a consulate or embassy . 
  there is no way you are forced to sleep in the streets for 3 days after being robbed in a large city in western europe . 
  the guy is full of shit . 
  yeah that seems like total bullshit . 
  the story sounds made up . 
   well if you come from a system where you lose your hand for stealing and end up in a system where if you steal from a shop , you will get a fine that you wo n't even have to pay in the end because you do n't have the money thats such a ridiculous argument . 
  so whats your solution ? 
  adopt the most draconic sentences from the most absurd countries ? 
  its not like a larger fine or a little longer in prison will change anything . 
  so lets start chopping of arms , thats your plan ? 
  if this is how we make laws , we might as well go back to eye for an eye . 
   it is a complicated case and it is not clear if the husband was truly abusive . 
  even if he was , it doesnt justify murder . 
  the woman should not get any special treatment because its easy to present her as a victim . 
  they just got a 1.7 m budget . 
  they dont need to know more , i 'm sure they will find * some * way to spend that budget and simulate activity while doing so . 
   they had a man with a skimask , and a woman in a niqab walk around on the street . 
  the latter even asking directions from police officers . 
  the former never got the chance , because he was tackled by three plain clothes cops for wearing a skimask . 
  pretty sure the police officers were afraid to be called racist or otherwise accused of inappropriate behaviour if they told the woman that she had to get rid of her niqab or leave . 
   the main criticism of both measures is that they both fall into the category of `` doing something '' , without being effective . 
  the number of burqas in germany is near zero and only a fraction of `` turks '' even have dual citizenship . 
  but dont you think that forcing people to chose one citizenship would make integration easier ? 
  right now german citizenship is just like a checkbox on their way to the money for refugees and migrants . 
  it has very few downsides , requires few commitments . 
  turning it from a checkbox into a meaningfull decision that forces people to come to terms with a new country and culture without the parachute of another citizenship could help giving them the right mindset for succesful integration . 
  citizenship shouldnt be a glorified subscription , it should require a certain commitment . 
  i mean i dont agree with the sentiment , but i would argue that a picture like this benefits the side that is generally thought of as the bad guy in the conflict . 
  because it shows that things arent that bad and even the `` victims '' arent actually angry about it . 
  it supports the russian point that the people in the eastern ukraine and crimea * wanted * to be `` liberated '' and that the athletes understand as much . 
  so it is beneficial for russia . 
  lets just say we shouldnt assume anything about invoking article 50 until its actually done . 
  it also helps to deflect responsibility if the head of the goverment decides to ignore the public vote . 
  she can even appoint her own scapegoats for it . 
  thats much nicer than simply saying that a brexit is a dumb fucking idea and she will ignore the referendum . 
  the question is : lets say they are a front for russian intelligence , but since they publish their material and expose it to peer review , they turn out to be right . 
  why would you dismiss the leak of an actual scandal that can be confirmed by neutral parties just because the source has its reasons for leaking ? 
  if the material they leak is valid , it doesnt matter why they leak it . 
   it 's clear that wikileaks wants to deliver maximal political damage and have their leaks noticed by as many members of the public as possible . 
  this is why they seem to be engaging in media tactics such as hinting at future releases , putting out statements etc. 
  then again you could argue that this is a necessary part of the whistleblower business . 
  just like regular companies cant just produce goods and let their quality speak for themselves , wikileaks cant just pump out articles and raw data and let it speak for itself . 
  they need to generate attention to make sure that their message is heard and their leaks are spread and reach the media . 
  there is nothing hypocritical about this . 
  while anssange is probably a showoff , you need some level of pr for a whistleblower website , because `` the enemy '' usually has a degree of controll over the media and its hard to get your information out if people dont know you . 
  there is a big difference between an error and a full fabrication . 
  and its not hard to regulate either : fictional material needs to be framed as such and not framed as a documantary .
