  in case you didnt notice : you are surrounded by the eu . 
  if switzerland would try to start a trade war with the eu , they would lose , automatically . 
  luckily for switzerland , most people arent quite as immature as you are and wont let it come to that . 
   get used to the idea that others will not be either . 
  the more you try to punish them the more independent they will become to the point where your influence will be naught - the uk will be the most humiliating example of that when they reconnect with the commonwealth nations - they are already working on it . 
  why so dramatic ? 
  nobody gets punished . 
  if you agree to a contract and stop fullfilling your part of it , the contract gets canceled . 
  both the uk and switzerland have very little leverage against the eu and do not deserve any special deals if they cant keep their end of the bargain . 
  english is already fairly widespread and will not be considered the language of a specific country anyway . 
  that language is called english . 
  and it saves just as much money as esperanto would . 
  but its not nearly as absurd of an idea . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  this referendum is not binding for the goverment . 
  more importantly , its only a symptom of a larger problem . 
  most european goverments have ignored their voters for a long time . 
  merkel herself isnt any better than cameron . 
  her handling of the refugee crisis was disatrous . 
  sure you can be all smug about not having referendums like this , but that wont do much for you once the afd gets 30 % at the next elections . 
  politicians can only ignore the interests of their own population for so long . 
  sooner or later they will get the bill for it . 
  do you know why people fall for populists ? 
  because their life is shit . 
  if your own goverment doesnt give a shit about you and lies in your face all the time , you are obviously not going to trust them anymore . 
  its easy to laught about fools . 
  but there is a reason they do this and chances are the goverment ( past and present ) is just as responsible as the fools themselves . 
  cameron and his predecesors blamed the eu for just about anything that was unpopular . 
  i mean if the political elite shit talks the eu constantly , they shouldnt be surprised if people actually fall for anti eu populists . 
  you really need to get off your high horse . 
  chances are you have given votes to worse people than farage and his brexit campaign . 
  i mean people buy german good produced by german workers for paychecks that cant be that much worse than british ones . 
  realistically : more manufacturing would be good for england . 
  then again , you dont have to kill your economy for that . 
  you are from slovenia of all places . 
  do you enjoy not being a russian colony ? 
  the loans were obviously the better option . 
  if you didnt like the `` german '' loans , you had a chance to talk to countries like the baltics or some ee countries directly . 
  i am sure they would have been much more generous than germany . 
  the meeting was scheduled long ago and has nothing to do with the brexit . 
  this clingy girlfriend routine is pretty pathetic . 
  its completely impossible unless reality itself is torn apart before the next elections . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  it sounds intriguing . 
  its simple , the vote is ultimately just a symptom of a larger conflict . 
  the uk will not participate in the integration that the ez absulutely requires . 
  this isnt the most elegant solution , but its quite obvious that the eu is better off without a member that categorically opposes any further integration . 
  even if that means the eu will lose another dozen of members . 
  nah its priced a bit above average . 
  but we have a lot of basic butter products and most supermarkets offer basic things like butter under their in house brands . 
  most of those , including kerrygold , taste the same though . 
  so the brexit camp had a really good strategy and executed it well.that still means the remain side had the weaker campaign . 
  you can talk around the issue all you want . 
  if your side has the objectively stronger argument and you lose a debate , its your fault . 
  and lets be realistic here ; one of the main reasons why cameron was unable to make a convincing case for the eu was because he blamed them for a lot of random shit over the years . 
  he took responsibility for the popular things and deflected responsibility for unpopular policies to the eu . 
  considering how close the referendum was , this might have tipped the balance . 
  which still means its the fault of cameron and friends . 
  it feels unexpected . 
  i hoped this would be the result , but didnt think it would happen . 
  in general , i think its good that this happens . 
  sooner or later somebody would have left and it could be interesting to see how it works out . 
  its also good that it happens because of a referendum , and not a backroom deal . 
  this way the population cant blame anybody for it if it goes wrong . 
  i 'm very curious whats going to come of it . 
  the failure lies with politicians like cameron and others that absolutely failed to explain the benefits eu membership has . 
  thats their fucking job . 
  thats what representative democracy is about . 
  90 % of all people are idiots that have no clue about any given idea that is more complex than deciding what to have for dinner . 
  you cant even blame them . 
  our society is exceedingly complex . 
  its the politicians job to explain things . 
  just like its their job to make sure that their society doesnt develop an entire class of poor and disfrenchised people that have no hope for a better life . 
  the politicians failed . 
  blame them . 
  the headline is pretty stupid . 
  yes it sucks for them , but having another referendum in 20 years is absolutely possible . 
  and young people are virtually always more mobile than older people anyway . 
  nothing prevents them from moving to the eu if they want to do so . 
  you really cant blame him . 
  yes he failed , but so did every other politician in the uk . 
  they all had a chance to explain ** why ** remaining in the eu is beneficial . 
  they did not . 
  both his reason to propose a referendum and his arguments for remaining were moronic . 
  even if the referendum itself is a good idea ( and it probably was ) , he failed his job of properly explaining the benefits of remaining . 
  accepting this failure and stepping down is actually a sensible decision . 
  he was the chief representant of the remain side . 
  he failed to explain why the eu is good for the uk . 
  this failure combined with the fact that somebody that wants to stay wont be a good leader for a uk outside of the eu because of his bias means he has to go . 
  he also only proposed the referendum as a political gamble to strengthen his position . 
  that kind of backfired . 
  nukes dont mean anything . 
  the uk wont burn barcelona off the map even if spain would simply invade gibraltar . 
  they dont get any ammo for their militia rifle . 
  not sure how hard it would be to buy ammo for assault rifles as a private person though . 
  so you are saying that guns can never potentially become a problem in any shape or form ? 
  thats rather bold . 
  we should insist that every single tiny shit church distances themselves from this though . 
  after all , if one christian is a violent criminal , all might be , right ? 
   again , you euros dont know what you 're talking about really .
