  on this scale , even an increase by 3b isnt much at all . 
  germany has a military budget of ~ 45b , france and the uk have more than that . 
  3b is a drop in the ocean as far as military budgets go , even in europe . 
  so even if thats just the increase of the budget , the totals will barely move at all . 
  stop smoking bad shit . 
  it is completely inconsequential if the us spends 750m or 3b a year on their military in europe . 
  europe has a combined military budget of 200-300b . 
  3b more dont mean anything . 
  that argument strangly never mattered when it came to any sort of infrastructure or education investments . 
  then just make sure the poor and helpless people wont fall prey to the temptations of our decadent and heartless society and just buy them a sandwhich . 
  try that a few times and you will notice who is thankful for your support and who gets angry that you didnt give them money . 
  a lot of germans wanted this , after merkels initial `` invitation '' her polls went crazy and people seriously thought she 'd get the nobel peace price . 
  before nye , the general polls were like 50/50 . 
  even now people mostly bitch and moan , but a lot still support merkel . 
  eagles can get drones that fly too high or are otherwise obstructed i guess . 
  eagles also wont cause a panic if used in a city . 
  i agree . 
  and you cant trust those whiny executions with poisons . 
  we really need to be sure she dies . 
  lets just cut her head off . 
  anybody got a machete ? 
  that would be incredibly undemocratic and it will 100 % never happen until the eu becomes a single sovereign state . 
  in fact , it might not even happen then . 
  a national vote to kick a states head of goverment isnt something i have ever heard of . 
   personally i think it is either :     debt and austerity for eternity ; or   persuading your eurozone partners to transfer money to you ; or   defaulting , devaluing and starting again with a new currency . 
      the worst of these options is the first one . 
  i do n't think that the second option is a reality . 
  so i would go with the final option . 
  its pretty amusing to see a post like this . 
  if somebody with a german flair would post it , they get downvoted to hell and back . 
  i think you are right though . 
  the best option for greece is the option that at least has an acceptable long term result . 
  greece will be fucked for years to come anyway , a grexit will at least offer some perspective . 
   that 's kind of your fault too . 
  and france 's . 
  you did n't actively ask for greece 's head , like germany did , but you washed your hands . 
  roughly half of the ez wanted greece head at some point . 
  germany took the heat by speaking for the grexit faction , but we did no act alone . 
   or you know , people think a working person actually understands the world , as opposed to the political establishment . 
  you wouldnt hire a politician to build a road , why hire a paver to be a politician ? 
  i mean this `` down to earth '' gimmick can be nice . 
  but despite all of the corrupt and incompetent politicians , it actually does take some skill to be a good one . 
   turkey is split half - half on the issue of erdogan , and a lot of turks care about democracy and civil liberties . 
  and once turkey figures out just what it wants we can talk again . 
  votes are an internal matter and dont mean anything for foreign politics , only the result does . 
  the current result is erdogan being in power , throwing shit around . 
  until the turks fix that , there really isnt any blame to shift around . 
   `` lying cunt '' ? 
  yeah , she wasnt asked casually , she told her lies to the police in a formal enviroment . 
  the law might say she cant be punished because she is 13 and not 14 , but you dont get magically responsible at 14 . 
  if she is willing to lie about being raped now , what exactly would stop her from doing this a year later ? 
  the therapy she seems to get is very much necessary . 
  what kind of a joke `` article '' is that ? 
  2 tiny paragraphs and a quote . 
  the only useful bit is probably the link to the much longer german source article . 
   they want a life in safety , everybody has desires . 
  the point is that they dont have the right to a good life in safety . 
  they have the right to live , without fear and without being mistreated . 
  they dont have any right to work , there is no right to prosperity . 
  it would be delusional anyway . 
  dont get me wrong , if there was a way to provide every human in the world with the quality of life we enjoy in europe , i 'd be all for it . 
  but there isnt . 
  there is no magic solution . 
  and this isnt worth destroying our own societies over it . 
  the people in poor and wartorn nations need to find their own way , a local way , to fix their problems and improve their lifes . 
  running away from your own society and demanding that another takes you in and gives you what you desire is naive , and wont ever work . 
  asylum as a right is a compromise . 
  it recognizes that all humans deserve a life without fear , but it also recognizes that charity has limits . 
  and it does have limits . 
  if you pretend that charity doesnt have limits , you will strain your own society to the point where they see it as something bad and undesirable . 
  thats also one of the main arguments against the unlimited migration at the moment : if you take too much migrants in , people will hate them . 
  its not nice , but it will happen , always and regardless of how noble a society thinks of itself . 
  i personally dont hate migrants , i mean its stupid to hate people you have never met . 
  but i do recognize the limits of our society . 
  and i dont see why we should tear it apart on a foolish quest to save the world . 
  it wouldnt work anyway . 
   they 're coming to germany and sweden because turkey is n't giving them many opportunities to work . 
  thats the entire problem . 
  they come to work , yet they come under the pretense of being refugees and they * demand * the right to stay here as refugees . 
  asylum is absolutely 100 % not intended as an opportunity for people to improve their economic situation . 
  asylum is intended to protect those that have to fear for their lifes . 
  it is understandable that they jump at every opportunity they see . 
  but we do not own them a better life . 
  so whats it going to be ? 
  are they refugees that flee from war and persecution and want safety ? 
  or are they interested in improving their economic situation and want money ? 
  these things are mutualy exclusive . 
  op isnt in germany begging for welfare right now . 
  its perfectly fine to ask what you need to migrate to another country . 
  its very much different from getting smuggled in under the guise of being a refugee and then demanding things . 
  op can figure out what it takes to migrate properly , then do that . 
  hell if he manages to actually migrate to europe under the regular , non refugee , migration programms i wont mind at all . 
  why should i ? 
  they certainly dont come to germany to be safe . 
  they ultimately come for money . 
  but considering they dont speak the language and most have no marketable skills they effectively come for welfare . 
  whether they realize this or not doesnt matter . 
  op asked for a chance , not welfare . 
  that makes quite a bit of a difference . 
  he also asks , rather than get his ass smuggles into germany .
