  this is your typical silicon valley arrogance . 
  these are just companies . 
  most of them will be laughing stock in a decade or two just like aol and myspace are today . 
  the only thing in the world that they change is increasing income inequality . 
  musk puts everything on the line because he becomes a billionaire if he manages to do it . 
  none of his employees get any comparable reward . 
  they are just stupid people that take hype as a currency and undervalue their own work . 
  agenda 2010 was the reason . 
  and the wasg people are the crazy communists people are worried about . 
  the pds part is actually not as bad , the sed crap is mostly propaganda . 
  thats because the western parts of the party are crazy wasg communists , while the eastern parts are a much more down to earth socialist party with actual goverment experience . 
   is there sufficient support for getting rid of nuclear power ? 
  no ... well then let 's play along as the battle can not currently be won merkel campaigned for nuclear power though . 
  she explicitly wanted to extend the lifetime of reactors , after the spd/greens goverment started to get us out of nuclear power . 
  like sure , you can pretend she is some political mastermind that planned all of it . 
  but you 'd think if she secretly wanted to get out of nuclear power , she wouldnt campaign to maintain and extend the lifetime of reactors ? 
  i dont think putin is a far right fascist ideologist . 
  he seems more like a mafia style cleptocrat that cares about nothing but grabbing all the money and power he can get . 
  he doesnt want to make russia great again , although he uses the sentiment as propaganda . 
  he just want to be rich as fuck . 
  scientists have determined that it would be bad for her poll results . 
  as such , it would be bad for * germany * . 
  she really knows best . 
  merkel simply does not do anything unless there is significant public support for it . 
  her actual policies are mostly driven by the fact that german society values stability over everything , rather than by any ideals of her own . 
  whenever there is public support for something , she does have a tendency to act whimsical and irrational though . 
  earthquake in japan makes nuclear power unpopular ? 
  better shut down nuclear power in germany for reasons that are all but irrelevant for our plants ( and while being surrounded by plants from other eu members ) . 
  she actually campaigned for the `` exit from the exit ( from nuclear power ) '' before this happened for bonus irony . 
  its suddenly popular to speak out in favor of the refugees she let rot in turkey for 3 years ? 
  go ahead and start your carreer as a part time communist right away !, 
  refugees arent popular anymore but you cant turn around this much this fast ? 
  quick , drop some vague comments about integration to appease the convervatives !, 
  no reason to do anything about it tho . 
  greece is breaking under its debts and all proper was of finding a solution are unpolular ? 
  just spend 80 billion to delay the problem for 3 years !, 
  finding solutions is for suckers after all . 
  and the best part : all of the money she wastes on useless crap ? 
  only she is allowed to do that . 
  and only for the sand castles she promises . 
  whenever anybody else asks ; the holy grail of the balanced budget has priority . 
  yes people pay us to store their money right now , but that doesnt matter : the balanced budget must be achieved no matter the cost . 
  bad leadership . 
  they also had a huge pr debacle a few years back . 
  they reduced the taxes for hotels or hotel related stuff after receiving very generous support from the owner of a large hotel chain . 
  and not only that , their tax exemption does mean more bureacracy , ironic for a `` liberal '' party . 
  they also used to advocate civil rights , then yes man 'd surveilance laws . 
  in fact , they took the goverment to court over data preservation regulation once . 
  they won and the regulation was deemed unconstitutional . 
  but that happened after an election and the fdp member taking the issue to court was now the minister responsible for enforcing it . 
  these things and various other problems kinda killed the party . 
  you sound like a generic head in the sand merkel voter . 
  the system is perfect , change is bad , better not do anything . 
  keep your head down and make money , like a good little german . 
  i mean we have solutions for people inciting hatred , prisons . 
  and i am sure the children molested by green party politicians dont feel hell of a lot better than the victims of right wing hatred . 
  but oh well , head in the sand it is , carry on . 
  please , nobody is going to wear baggy brown shirts in 2017 . 
  they just look ridiculous . 
  we also managed without a green party for decades . 
  they still ended up contributing to our system and even though i dislike the party itself , our country would be worse if they hadnt pushed all parties towards green policies . 
  we need fringe parties on all ends of the political spectrum , liberals , socialist , right wing , etc. 
  they pick up stupid ideas and act as a filtering mechanism . 
  everything they catch in their nets that is worth something and finds public support can be picked up by larger parties . 
  without fringe parties that keep the large parties on their toes , our political system would degenerate even further . 
   two free and fair democratic events the problem is that the democratic event happened , and hillary won it . 
  but then the electoral college was like `` nah '' and put agent orange in the white house . 
  that may or may not spoil the mood . 
  for some , i personally find these things rather entertaining . 
  alright then , you set the majority requirement to 60 % . 
  now the other side wins with 60,43 % of the vote . 
  does that make you feel better ? 
  there are a lot of reasons to fight erdogan and this referendum . 
  the fact that it was very close is not one of them . 
  that is just part of a democratic process and does happen , quite a lot actually . 
  a 60 % or 66/67 % majority requirement has its own problems . 
  demanding a higher majority requirement just because it would have been better for you * right now * is not only naive , but also selfish and ultimately pointless . 
  erdogans power grab should have been stopped long ago . 
  the fact that he was able to hold this referendum like this means he already won . 
  learning from france i guess . 
  that is ironically one of the worst arguments against this . 
  because this is how democracies work and citizen of democratic societies need to learn how to live with it if their side loses , even by such a small margin . 
  this is something surprisingly few people seem to be able to do though . 
  if hilary would have won , if the uk would stay in the eu and erdogan would have lost , all by a small margin too , people would still be jerking off on these things . 
  just like all other criminals , they always think of themselves as the one guy that is too smart to ever get caught . 
  this whole `` i pretend to be retarded '' troll doesnt work if you make it too obvious . 
  i mean even the us second amendment does not cover nuclear weapons to my knowledge . 
  isnt it weird that arabs , jews and turks ( more less ) are listed as such ? 
  would make hell of a lot more sense to list the actual countries , wouldnt it ? 
  those 2/3 certainly arent nationalities . 
  merkel is afraid to act . 
  greece needs either a debt cut or a kick out of the ez . 
  but both of these option would face massive opposition and if there is one thing that merkel is completely incapable of then its facing opposition head on . 
  she isnt a leader , she is a bureaucrat that does backroom deals and waits for problem to either fix themselves or become other peoples problem . 
  thats why she agreed to spend ~ 80 billion euro to delay the greek issue for 3 years . 
  it didnt solve shit , it cost us a lot of money , but it made the problem go away , for a while . 
  there will be no permanent resolution of the greek debt issue under merkel unless some massive external factors force it unto her . 
  except that putin does not push `` aggressive military options '' against the baltics right now . 
  he knows just as well as everybody else that he cant fuck with the eu and nato , which is why the ukraine ended up on his hit list to begin with . 
  the russian attempts of political manipulation , election rigging , cyber attacks and social network propaganda are essentially a capitulation .
