  just so we dont hurt the feelings of some backwater morons in turkey that are desperate to elevate their sultan to godhood already . 
  i say fuck it . 
  we do not have to appease morons , populists and tyrants . 
  the people that support them deserve what they get . 
  if they allow themselves to be tricked into an us vs them mentality , its their fault . 
  i have no problem with turks or brits , i mean i know very few of them , so how could i ? 
  but there is no point to hold back reasonable and justified critique for the sake of being polite . 
  i still dont get why they thought this would even work . 
  so they commit a crime or terrorist attack and leave fingerprints that lead to a registered refugee . 
  then what ? 
  i am pretty sure we already had terrorist attacks by refugees , they didnt exactly lead to concentration camps or mass deportation either . 
  also : as soon as the `` refugee '' is identified , surely the bamf has a picture to publish ? 
  which would very quickly lead to the soldier . 
  i really dont get what their goal was , or if they were just stupid and couldnt figure out how badly their plan would fail even if they didnt get caught ahead of time . 
  its called realpolitik , the eu has a vastly superior negotiation position . 
  so there is no reason to hold back , especially if the uk would be willing to play hard and consider a no deal scenario . 
  the uk made their interests clear , now you guys and girls have to accept that the eu will also defend its interest and has a lot more options to do so . 
  is it just me or did the zeit roast the guy until he was damn crisp ? 
  if they conduct all of their interviews like that , i might have to read more of them . 
  the problem is that he wasnt this honest to his own people when it mattered . 
  in fact he told them quite the opposite ... 
  yup , as soon as these people have children they will be citizen in all but name . 
  yeah , and then they get subsidiary protection which also means they stay and get welfare . 
  it might be easier to deport them this way , but the bulk wont get deported anyway and stay around until they qualify for citizenship . 
  especially because there are a million steps we can take to reduce bureaucracy . 
  thats arguably the main use of such discussions : if people are forced to come up with details as to how it would work , we can work out more general ideas that can be applied to the existing system as well . 
  craftmanship is actually a decent job these days . 
  its just more talent driven and niche than it used to be which means its not for everybody . 
  but if you are a talented and motivated craftsmen , you can actually make good money . 
  - most logistic jobs - a lot of simple office jobs - lots of sales personell in super markets, 
  it worked for asylum . 
  they would , but they were crushed so badly during the last election that they arent big enough to have a majority with the cdu anymore . 
  which means they would rely on the greens for a jamaica coalition . 
  thats kind of a theoretical construct though and doesnt seem all that likely . 
  the primary responsibility for forming a goverment lies with the strongest party . 
  if the spd doesnt want to , the cdu could try to form a coalition with greens and fpd , or even the afd . 
  it doesnt matter if you like these options , but its silly to pretend that only the spd has to accept a bad deal . 
  the fdp are corporate whores , or at least seen as such after their last participation in the goverment . 
  they are also not going to cooperate with the spd . 
  die linke would in theory be willing to work with spd and greens , but would have quite a few demands . 
  they are needed for any even theoretical spd lead goverment , but the whole thing is just extremely unlikely as even parts of the spd dont like die linke . 
  all things considered ; merkel is going to win , the spd will most likely agree to a coalition with her * again * , and be finally killed of by it . 
  which means merkel will probably get an actual majority in 2021 . 
  its their own fault for agreeing to it . 
  since they arent going to win this election either , we will see if they learned . 
  if they enter another coalition as junior partner , the party is basically done . 
  so how many countries has china invaded recently ? 
  how many people has china killed as collateral damage of pointless wars ? 
  do you actually think they have a mass surveilance programm as bad as the us one ? 
  i am pretty sure the pure and perfect obama had more people killed than the oh so evil chinese goverment during his 8 years . 
  so if nothing else , the fact that china is focused inwards means they avoid most of the problems the us started in recent decades . 
  china doesnt care what happens in the rest of the world unless it affects their exports or happens in `` their '' waters . 
  if anything china would oppose trumpists and right wing populists because they are somewhat afraid of populism themselves and value stability over everything else . 
  they just want people to shut up and buy their stuff , basically . 
  why the ad hominem ? 
  i doubt you actually know him . 
  vw workers make obscene amounts of money though . 
  getting a job at vw directly essentially means you 're set for life . 
  its not like vw will fire any relevant amount of people either . 
  it wont be worth much though . 
  the federation of expelees and other similar organisations have very little influence in germany . 
  they only ever show up in the news when one of their members said something stupid and makes them look like nazi remnants again , which isnt very often . 
   austerity is n't double speak . 
  it 's a political and economic school of thought with guidelines and consequences . 
  namely it should be noted it 's never worked and it causes suffering of the population and drives it to poverty . 
  nobody uses it for fun though . 
  greece was forced into hard core austerity because they almost killed the euro by going to hard in the opposite direction . 
  if greece didnt fuck up first , they wouldnt be subjected to this . 
  to make sure the eu cant push through legislations against the will of any member country . 
  obviously . 
  which makes this `` germany forced this unto us '' narrative quite amusing . 
  no germany didnt force it , everybody agreed . 
   i get that he wants austerity but how does his voice matter more than france/italy/spain / portugal all together ? 
  it doesnt . 
  unlike what most people here are wanking off to , germany doesnt stand alone with a conservative fiscal policy . 
  if reforms fail to get a majority , its because there is a majority against them . 
  projects like this are simply impossible to finance without abusing economics of scale . 
  this jet could only be developed because the ` muricans are going to buy thousands of it , spreading out the development cost . 
  its not worth developing a jet like this to produce 200 units . 
  then again , france still upholds an effectively permanent state of emergency at the moment . 
  so its not like they need a le pen to do scary things . 
   amidst all of this , the small-fish speculator trying to make money by investing in a second unaffordable home is very far down the list of culprits ; there were multiple failsafes above his place in the system that should have stopped it all and failed , because of greed and because of corruption . 
  except that there werent . 
  `` professional ethics '' isnt a failsafe . 
  a failsafe needs a clear trigger and a clear consequence for triggering . 
  if you buy something you can only afford if certain things that are completely outside of your controll happen , you are at fault if they dont . 
  investing into something you cant afford because you hope that its value grows faster than the interests of the loans is pure madness . 
  if nothing else : you took a risk to make a profit . 
  it blew up in your face . 
  now : if it didnt , you would have claimed the profit as your own . 
  why exactly should you get out of the responsibility for failing ? 
  the people that did this ultimately did exactly the same things as their banks : they took a risk they couldnt afford . 
  both are just as responsible for the result . 
   biologicaly you 're one or the other . 
  the society is not responsable for how it manifest it self in one or an other . 
  there are actually medical cases where its not as clear . 
  for example a person being genetically male , but looking female because they have a ressistance to male hormones . 
  i read an article about such a case once and its kinda freaky . 
  the genes said male , the person did have non functioning testicles which are internal and not visible , but also has a vagina which appareantly looks normal . 
  she was visibly female for her entire life , but also completely sterile because of her messed up reproductive organs .
