  so while the guy that started this seems to be a bit of a troll , i 'd say it cant be bad to do this . 
   to build a democracy from the ground up is entirely possible , but it is n't cheap and it is n't fast . 
  you need to secure the country in its entirety , provide a desirable way of life , and build up the institutions of the state . 
  i understand what you mean , though i disagree with your examples . 
  south korea , japan and germany werent warzones . 
  when the fighting ended , it ended . 
  there was no powerstruggle with local militants and the population didnt support groups that fought the goverment to the same degree they did in iraq and afghanistan . 
  and most importantly : do you personally think that the us of today is willing and able to commit troops like that to syria ? 
  do you really think that a political system that is so heavily polarized as yours can resist the temptation of demagogues that will demand reducing troops eventually ? 
  i mean this would not be a small adventure . 
  even if the first 10-20 years are organised properly , one idiot president can destroy decades of work . 
  it just seems very , very unlikely that we are able to get this done . 
  but a war against isis wont work for the same reason afghanistan adn iraq didnt work . 
  you cant bomb everything and rebuild a moderate nation in a few years . 
  and after a few years the electorate will demand bringing the boys home . 
  a democratic nation can never possibly commit troops for decades . 
  that is the actual reason why military intervenitions wont work . 
  after a decade or so with minimal results , the electorate gets tired and eventually votes a politician that promises to bring the boys ( and girls ) home . 
  this is the one reason why we should never do this again . 
  dude we have had surveys on refugees that turned out with about 10 % support for isis . 
  so you can expect that quite a few locals will support isis . 
  especially if we send the military and isis can use it for their propaganda . 
  `` honorable muslims defending your homes against evil degenerated western war mongerers . '', 
  we cant fix it by changing migration policy because its too late for that . 
  but we can make sure it doesnt get worse because of ridiculous immigration policies . 
  the actual numbers right now arent even important . 
  the trend would be interesting . 
  i am pretty sure that we had a 10-20 % change move from pro to anti migration over the last 3 months . 
  from 2 months ago , and as far as i can tell actually a representative survey : http://www.heute.de/zwei-drittel-finden-einreiseerlaubnis-fuer-fluechtlinge-aus-ungarn-richtig-40060938.html 62 % of germans believe that germany can handle the amount of refugees coming to germany . 
  '' * this was only 2 months ago . 
  i cant find a good survey from 3 months ago because the issue wasnt as important back then . 
  but the subjective impression is that even more people were pro migration 3 months ago . 
  the article also mentions that people liked merkels decision to allow migrants in hungary to travel to germany despite the fact that 80 % believed this would mean more people would start trying to migrate to germany . 
  even your very source says that this isnt a representative survey ahahaha . 
  in fact , the 50 % figure they use for their question probably comes from one of those representative surveys . 
  at the very least they use it without any relativization while they admit that their survey is flawed . 
  this also has no date , i dont argue that there is a majority against migration now ( especially with a biased question like that ) . 
  i argue that there was a majority for migration 2-3 months ago . 
  maybe now they are , 2-3 months ago they absolutely werent . 
  just check suveys from back then . 
  also `` unregulated mass migration '' is absurd . 
  if you ask like that you can get 100 % in some places . 
  can i get a source ? 
  no its not . 
  the reason these migrants run over the balkan like a horde is that they know that once they reach germany , they will not be send back . 
  so they ignore everything , shit on everything and behave like a horde of barbarians occasionally because all that matters is making it to germany . 
  well guess where they got that from ? 
  thats just false . 
  when merkel announced that we wouldnt send back syrians , she was praised for it . 
  the whole bullshit about getting the nobel peace price was because she was put on a fucking pedestal in germany . 
  i know its convenient to forget , but a significant number of germans * wanted * this migration policy . 
  its pretty funny that you already try to lie about this . 
  let me guess you were one of those that wanted mass migration and would rather not talk about that anymore ? 
  what you describe is populism . 
  the issue is that you have to find a balance between making the decision that is technically correct and benefits the country and making the decision that people demand . 
  if you always swing to one side you end up with a authocratic regime or a semi communist populist regime . 
  either option is bad and most politicians can find an acceptable balance . 
  but merkels issue is that she is a coward and cant talk about her politics . 
  so right now she has to play dumb and let her ministers stage a `` coup '' to make it look like she is still pro refugees . 
  she doesnt have the guts to say `` sorry i was wrong , but i learned and i will fix it now '' . 
  this shit cripples our goverment and is the reasons we cant actually fix the problems we have . 
   flee to europe or be killed which makes it really strange that so many end up in germany or sweden . 
  almost as if they would chose their destinations based on something other than safety . 
  you think angela merkel is able and willing to plan ahead in a serious and potentially awkward situation that might require some persistance to get what you want ? 
  rather than just push a placebo `` reform '' through the parliament to shut up the plebs ? 
  i wish i 'd be optimistic as you are . 
  life truly finds a way , even in turkey . 
  kebab is healthy if the meat is good ( no minced meat made from scraps you wouldnt eat otherwise ) . 
  they are blocking quotas because they cant handle quotas . 
  you need a limit before you need quotas . 
  you cant tell a nation to take x % of the total number of migrants without a limit . 
  say 5 % of 1 million might be fine , 5 % of 10 million probably wont be fine . 
  so being able to give an actual limit would be a huge step towards quotas . 
  and it wouldnt be illegal either . 
  german courts are already able to judge how much migrants a nation can take in . 
   yes . 
  the asylum crisis literally started in the last week of august 2015 , after merkel invited everyone . 
  no , the crisis started when merkel refused to limit future migration , which divided europe adn prevented a eu level solution . 
  her foolish insistence to allow this is the reason why we cant handle it properly . 
  the only thing that will screw merkel is an spd leadership in possession of a working set of spines . 
  as long as the spd is a bunch of useless sycophants merkel will keep her office . 
  this is irrelevant . 
  its about insubstantial and ultimately inconsequential feelings . 
  the `` sontagsfrage '' ( who would you vote if election were next sunday '' looks much , much better for merkel . 
  until people are willing to vote against merkel , nothing will change . 
  which is kind of irrelevant , if you have a high salary chances are you could afford healthcare anyway . 
  at the very least you wouldnt lose control of your entire life because of one incident , etc. 
  healthcare is mostly important for those that have trouble to afford it . 
  and on that front the us still suck as far as i know . 
   what kind of reasoning is this ? 
  so if somebody 's unlucky enough to be born in the wrong time and place the guy that got 350 lashes was a western engineer working for an oil company in sa that got caught with alcohol outside of the enclaves where its allowed . 
  this was 100 % his decision and 100 % his fault . 
  unlike the locals , he made a choice to work in sa . 
  its not the insurance , but afaik the actual treatmeants and services are much , much more expensive than in europe . 
  and to be honest , its not hard to understand why . 
  if a doctor has 100k debt at the start of the carreer , he or she will obviously demand much more money for services than a doctor that has next to no debt . 
  its not the only reason , probably not even the biggest reason , but it certainly doesnt help . 
  because syria will never be stable enough to send them back . 
  the russians have just started to operate in syria . 
  and they are unlikely to be more successful than the nato was in afghanistan or iraq .
