  more polarized society ? 
  well those * other * people are nazis after all . 
  cost of integration ? 
  well surely the loans we take will never have to be repaid and we dont pay any interest either ?!? 
  feel good now , pay uhh , later maybe ? 
  money doesnt really matter for a nation like france . 
  if keeping your rights isnt worth a few billion to you , well then i really dont know what to say anymore . 
  i know that what i suggested will never happen because politicians cant benefit from it the way they can from emergency rights . 
  and at the end of the day societies are just sheep that want to be seduced and lied to by their own politicians because reality tends to be annoying . 
  you are right . 
  but the point is that fighting the source of terrorism isnt done with ermergency laws and ignoring civil rights . 
  its done with education , schools , social programs and sensible immigration policies . 
  ironically , these are the things that right wing parties and politicians in favor of more police and less rights ignore . 
  one could almost think they use placebo policies over effective ones because a permanent sense of terror and fear makes it easier for them to stay in power . 
  it wont change . 
  i know the price of my rights . 
  for all i care somebody could blow up my neighbour and i stil wouldnt change my opinion . 
  some security measures are necessary . 
  a permanent state of emergency is beyond ridiculous . 
  you will never prevent all terrorism , the only people that say so are politicians and security employees that want more power . 
   if fn hadnt had such gains , i can imagine , he wouldnt do this . 
  what a good reason , he needs to look strong and competent , so he just sells out the core values of his own nation for personal power . 
  sounds resonable . 
  yeah thats always something people like to comfort themselves with . 
  too bad its all but guaranteed that sooner or later you will get a goverment that is willing and able to exploit such laws for their own good . 
   this is n't an acceptable answer to the family of the 130 people that have been killed on november 13 . 
  `` no can do ? 
  '' , go tell them personally . 
  if i give up the freedom of defending myself as a citizen i expect no terrorism in return , if the government says there is nothing it can do then , let me take care of my own security then and let me buy guns to defend myself and my family . 
  and this is precisely the reason why representative democracies are better than direct ones . 
  because the right thing to do for the individual is very much the wrong thing to do for the society . 
  sure you can decide that you want to do whats good for you , but dont be surprised if you wake up one day and your democracy and your own rights are all gone . 
  since you will never truly get rid of terrorism , yes . 
  you simply can not trust anybody with the amount of power that hollande wants . 
  you will never get rid of terrorism . 
  its hard to accept and politicians dont dare to talk about it , but you can not save every life . 
  right now france is turning in a police state because too many people think that there is such a thing as perfect security . 
  in reality , this doesnt exist and you need to make a conscious decision to not throw away democracy . 
  even if that means a few extra people will die here and there . 
   i 'd have a dozen more nuclear plants in my vicinity rather than a single coal power plant . 
  thats good , you 'd be surprised how many people want nuclear power , but please not from a plant anywhere near their house . 
  because you know , its bad for the real estate values ...  for fucks sake , it does n't pollute , it does not generate much waste fun fact : germany still has no permanent deposit and some states already try to weasel out of the search for one . 
  people will go nuts if there is even an official investigation for a permanent deposit anywhere near them . 
   nuclear power is safe . 
  nuclear power handled by morons is n't . 
  that means it is in fact not save . 
  humans do make mistakes once in a while , regardless of training . 
   it would not be as much of a problem would nuclear not have to comply to morons again , humans are morons . 
  dont make it a condition for the success of a project that they arent . 
   giving it away to third parties is of course `` not okay '' fun fact : facebook is a 3rd party , as is just about every online hoster . 
  if you want to get technical , it would be necessary to examine just how much control a user has over a smartphone . 
  and how much control the software developer has or possibly could have . 
  3rd party is a very lose definition when you barely own your own hardware anymore in some cases . 
  i think that people should be a little more realistic about nuclear power . 
  if you dont like to live next to a nuclear waste deposit or a plant , you shouldnt be in favor of nuclear power . 
  because you demand that others tolerate these facilities , just so your power is cheap . 
  we should also remember that nuclear power is in fact not cheap . 
  actually , as far as i know , nuclear power is not cost efficient and survives purely because of indirect subsidies . 
  nuclear power plants do not need the kind of insurance that most facilities need . 
  because no insurance company would ever sell them one . 
  this means that not only will the state usually have to pay for the deposits for used fuel , the state will also have to pay for any large scale incidents . 
  i think that with an honest calculation , nobody would ever give a shit about nuclear power anymore . 
   most people 's social expectation is that nudes are shared temporarily and deleted after breaking up . 
  thats the main point for me . 
  nobody gives their partner nudes and expects them to keep them forever . 
  its not like any nation really cares what amnesty says . 
  well they would only completely melt a block or so , but they would still heavily damage everything else within a couple of kilometers . 
   just because they have a majority does not make their actions moral or just . 
  democracy is by its nature not moral or just . 
  getting elected means a politician or party is good at getting elected , and nothing else . 
  and to be honest : if poland didnt want this goverment , the polish at the very least didnt do enough to prevent it . 
  now that is something you can change , dont let these wannabe dictators get away with their shit . 
  well that doesnt change much . 
  nobody gave the us the benefit of doubt because bush almost wasnt elected . 
  nobody said that almost half of the voters didnt vote for this . 
  democracy isnt just about getting to vote . 
  did you really do everything you could to try and prevent this goverment ? 
  and even if you did , it honestly doesnt matter . 
  its pretty dumb to argue that a party that even without any voting issues would have been popular doesnt represent their voters . 
  so what if they had a few percent more than they should because of questionable voting systems or `` democratic anomalies '' . 
  a significant amount of the voters still wanted them . 
  if the one dimensional , nationalist crap a party like this represents is this popular , your country has a problem . 
  i mean i really hate merkels politics , but you dont see me crying how unfair it is and that she doesnt represent me or the people or whatever . 
  she got elected , i didnt vote for her , but i also didnt do much beyond voting to prevent her . 
  because people hold the us to higher standards than russia . 
  do you think this is undeserved ? 
  the point still stands , poland wanted this goverment , now they get what they deserve . 
  it would be hilarious if poland would become a russian style pseudo democracy . 
  shooting yourself because you are afraid of getting shot . 
  guess europe is really turning into shit at the moment . 
  he is right though . 
  its obviously a bigger problem in russia where the data might be used to get rid of people that are annoying for putin . 
  but it is a problem everywhere . 
  its pretty stupid to argue thats this practice is fine in the us just because people think the data will be used for things that are merely bad , rather than lethal . 
  sounds nice , but is ultimately just a childish idea . 
  no politician will ever seriously come forward with an idea like that . 
  i 'd say the only way to dial back the eu and ez would be a giant crash . 
  simply because the people in charge of the eu especially are for the most part enthusiastic or at the very least very interested in maintaining the eu ( or paid to be ) . 
  and again , nobody wants to be the jerk that demolished the sand castle . 
  not going to happen .
