  they explicitly mention that the person in question was a known politician of a right wing party . 
  he was a public figure , which is why they can refuse to serve him . 
  this can not be applied to random no name pegida supporters that nobody could identify as such . 
  being a muslim or a jew is a choice , does that mean restaurants and stores can refuse to serve muslims ? 
  that sounds like a bluff from google . 
  most people will want to get links to local news . 
  if google completely filters out any spanish news sites , people would notice and wouldnt use google to find news , at least not as much . 
  and while you can hate evil politicians and corruption as much as you want , this is basically a monopolist leveraging their position to prevent regulation . 
  not sure how this is positive . 
  yeah sure , its not like you ask for a f\u00fchrungszeugniss every time somebody enters your restaurant . 
  chances are that wether you want to or not , if your restaurant runs well you will serve criminals sooner or later . 
  most restaurants i know of serve bankers and politicians anyway . 
   my question to you is - under what circumstances ( beyond disuption/something illegal ) would you ban people from your restaurant ? 
  - not paying - harassing guests or personell - damaging my property - violating laws, 
  so how many pegida supporters are allowed to gather in one place before it becomes an `` organisation '' ? 
  maybe we should set up a law to enforce this , just for the sake of clarity beacuse not everbody has your lightning sharp intelect to figure out the optimal treatment for these people . 
  so lets say : no more than 5 people are allowed to gather in public ? 
  or is 5 already a nazi party for you ? 
  well these people are not in prison and pegida is not banned . 
  you argue that having a political opinion that you dont like is enough to essentially banish people from society . 
  and not only that , you also support destroying the life of anybody that treats these evil , evil monsters like regular people . 
  whats next ? 
  you obviously dont want pegida supporters to be able to have dinner in a restaurant . 
  are they still allowed to buy food in supermarkets or would you boycot the supermarket as well ? 
  i guess they should order their food online , from some imaginary reichsversorgungsamt or something ? 
  because by your logic , they should not be served by anybody in germany . 
  if you are still capable of rational thought : switch the labels of this situation around for a second . 
  the people being denied service are `` murderous communist '' because they voted die linke once , and the city council are csu voters concerned about a restaurant serving `` terrorist supporters '' , because voting like once basically makes you an raf terrorist , right ? 
  how would you like that situation ? 
  well they are obviously not in prison . 
  who the fuck are you that you know they are pedophiles when even our own courts cant lock them away ? 
  this is thought police bullshit . 
  these `` nazis '' didnt try to hold a rally or some nazi group meeting in the restaurant . 
  they were just eating there . 
  this is trump level identity politics : they said something i dislike once , they must be banished from society forever . 
  you are the fascist here . 
  thats a good argument to kill any progress whatsoever . 
  let me guess , your prefered solution would be some high altitude freedom drops from us bombers ? 
  but it will fail anyway . 
  diesel is dead , benzin will be dead in 20-30 years . 
  if vw and friends keep pushing dead technologies , they will eventually simply vanish . 
  the car industry is too big to be kept alive artificially with subsidies . 
  if it fails , it fails . 
  instincts tell you how to deal with situations that are immediate and dont give you time to think . 
  relying on instinct for political decisions is ridiculous and counterproductive . 
  humans as a species got where we are today because we are not mindless animals that act solely based on instincts . 
  reason , not instinct is the base of civilisation . 
  in fact , every time instinct and feelings take over a society , everything goes to hell . 
  ironically , a lot of the people that now want to hand over so many of their own rights were in favor of taking migrants/refugees , which is one of the main sources of this perceived extremism . 
  and by virtue of poll results alone , quite a few of these people still support merkel anyway . 
  i mean new russia sanctions are already not going to happen because the german goverment seems to think its just an economic tool to push us economic interest . 
  in fact the text of the us law actually admits they want the eu to import us oil rather than russian oil . 
  so its not like politicians are completely blind . 
  dont bet on any effective measures against us tech companies though . 
  the eu doesnt have the powers to do something effective . 
  its quite simple : 1 . 
  there is no evil conspiracy in western europe to destroy ee by selling you inferior food . 
  pretending there is means you are paranoid and kinda hilarious . 
  companies also sell shitty food in we and people just dont buy it or accept it for what it is . 
  stop being lazy fucks and ** occassionally ** check the content and nutritional values of the food you buy . 
  hell i personally check about 1-2 products every time i shop and its barely an effort at all . 
  accept that not all food is healthy . 
  making an already terrible product marginally worse by using different ingredients doesnt mean the company is out to kill you . 
  there are really only 2 options : you are either satisfied with its taste and buy it , knowing its unhealthy and maybe `` inferior '' to products sold elsewhere , or you dont . 
  i personally buy a lot of things that are unhealthy and i dont even bother checking those all that much because its pointless . 
  i know its unhealthy , i know the product is made with shitty ingredients . 
  it wont kill me to eat it once in a while . 
  and in general : i see so much drama and so much people from ee having an inferiority complex and believing the world and especially we have conspired against them.this is honestly super weird to me and makes 0 sense to begin with . 
  i dont know what the problem is , maybe a lack of education about market forces and economy ? 
  which is odd because nobody in germany understands fuck all about these things either . 
  for example : - product is made in western europe - shipping is a bigger factor for prices than the salary of the sales personell - the german supermarket orders much higher quantities than the ee one - the german supermarket is part of a larger logistic chain , getting all around better conditions for their orders - certain countries just prefer some brands over others , and the brands use this to increase their margins - the super market in ee sells smaller numbers and needs higher contribution margins to maintain their business all of these things are 100 % possible and happen on a daily basis . 
  so what if the product is made in germany , and its more expensive in ee because the shipping matters more than the salary of the guy selling it ? 
  do you want companies to submit their calculations for every product to the eu to justify any pricing decisions ? 
  this might be a problem , but its not possible to regulate . 
  this problem needs to be solved by customer awareness . 
   why is fight of human beings for fair treatment and their rights offend you ? 
  do you know what kind of regulation it would take to prevent this ? 
  its absolutely common for thousands , if not millions of companies to make products with different receipes for different regions . 
  yes in some cases its done to make the product cheaper , but even then its sometimes done because the market prefers it like that . 
  its also common to sell products for different prices , and you cant force companies to match the local salaries with their prices . 
  regulating this will be a nightmare , if its at all possible . 
  this is purely a customer awareness issue that must be fixed by the customer . 
  never seen it as an e , and i often see it simply declared as salt . 
  so either you buy products that use a weird type of salt , or you are wrong . 
   if people are buying yogurts , because it usually is a healthy product in which world do you live ? 
  that sounds like pure marketing lies . 
  99 % of the yogurts you buy in super markets are sugar paste and not healthy at all . 
  have you ever actually tried a fruit yogurt without sugar ? 
  its extremely sour , even more so with certain fruits . 
   they did n't ask to have more sugar and fat . 
  they dont need to . 
  companies just run various tests or studies or w/e to see which product sells better or is received better . 
  if one country or region prefers the high fat , high sugar version , its made and sold there . 
  its not the companies duty to fix their customers diet . 
  as long as the nutrients and contents are declared properly and the product meets food regulations , its the customers problem . 
   as long we do n't force identical products everywhere . 
  but you need to force to fix this issue if you want a goverment solution rather than a market solution . 
  which is stupid , but yeah . 
  because the western market is more competitive . 
  i think you fundamentally dont understand how companies calculate their prices .
