  you can not vote for a more strict migration policy in germany at the moment . 
  unless you vote the more or less openly nazi npd . 
  thats going to cause a lot of frustration . 
  on the other hand , violence can not be tolerated no matter what . 
  this guy is a terrorist and should be treated just like bomb building muslim terrorists . 
  we have the technology to go there , but it wont be pretty or safe , or cheap for that matter . 
  thats what we work on at the moment , making it cheaper and more reliable . 
  it also doesnt make a whole lot of sense to spend absurd amounts of money for this . 
  so its much better to spend a little bit of money and see if it gets us any improvements that would make the trip cheaper . 
  mars is simply not a priority for anybody . 
  no its not . 
  the eu has been begging that germany takes the lead for quite some time now . 
  you got what you asked for . 
  well shit , i dont think you could have done it without the 200 polish guys . 
  while i really hate corruption in general , nobody should be surprised about corruption when it comes to the fifa . 
  honestly : by now i would assume every world cup under blatter was probably sold to the highest bidder . 
  these `` riots '' are more of a tradition for worthless morons than an actual riot with political intentions . 
  it used to be a semi political demonstration , but eventually it turned into a traditional brawl for the sake of brawling . 
  there wont be any large scale riots . 
  you obviously have no clue how things work in germany . 
  appareantly not . 
  the job of an intelligence agency is following their orders . 
  it seems they werent allowed to do this . 
  which is why this article exists to begin with . 
  but go ahead and give intelligence agencies a blanc check for everything , what can possibly go wrong ? 
  yet , none of these traitors will ever land in front of a judge . 
  because if they 'd do , politician heads would roll as well . 
  at this point , we should probably just scrap the agency altogether and maybe build a new one . 
  rolling back this kind of structures seems rather unlikely without a complete reset . 
  well those mps want this kind of surveilance . 
  so i for one am happy to see that they get a dose of their own medicine . 
   the residency is temporary and they have an empty and unused office complex which would house up to a thousand persons . 
  thats the plan . 
  whether or not its going to happen like this depends on how much more migrants we will take in . 
  since it doesnt look like we 'll stop any time soon , this might as well be a permanent residence . 
   stupid argument really , but i guess its easy for someone who does n't live in germany or understand german culture to literally tie everything back to the nazis if they do n't like it . 
  i live in germany , and most pro migration people are either naive and simply believe that we can take this much migrants because merkel says so . 
  or really do hate any kind of german identity and are happy that we replace it with good , old multikulti . 
  if she likes migration so much , why didnt she make sure we 'd be ready for this ? 
  let me tell you : because she doesnt give a fuck about migrants . 
  she didnt care one bit before she saw a chance to exploit this crisis for personal gain . 
  and since a majority is still sort of in favor of her , she has no reason to change her opinion just yet . 
  a dose of good , old german guilt probably doesnt help either . 
  i would bet on the fact that she will not only last until the next elections without any problems , and that she will also be reelected . 
  the conclusion is that both should be treated in a similar way . 
  since getting rid of alcohol wont work ( ask the us ) , leagalising cannabis would make sense . 
  mind you i personally dont care much because i wouldnt use it either way . 
  but if the study is reliable and it could be beneficial , well ... 
  i mean djinn are afaik mentioned on the quran , so its not that weird that people in sa still believe in them . 
  the problem is that especially the us like their bases in sa . 
  sure oil is a big reason , but i am pretty sure the us want to stay friends with sa for geopolitical reasons anyway . 
   eh , someone not integrating here does n't grant him a year in jail and some lashing . 
  uhh , we dont lash people . 
  but you realise that the honor killings in say germany are a result of not integrating ? 
  and we punish these things with more than a year . 
  yep , as barbaric as this kind of punishment is , the guy made a choice to live in sa . 
  so let him enjoy the wonders of the saudi society . 
  the main problem is that people want cheap ( nuclear ) energy , but they go crazy if somebody thinks about building a nuclear waste deposit anywhere near their city . 
  honestly : if you arent willing to have a depot in your city : you dont deserve nuclear energy . 
  netflix decided they want cash ahead of time , to make sure their customers pay . 
  bild is free to use the same business model . 
   what kind of entitled brat are you ? 
  i 'm guessing you think netflix should only charge you a subscription for content you deem worth paying for ? 
  why should i ? 
  netflix made a decision to run their business as they do . 
  bild did the same , but their model obviously doesnt work . 
  so why am i responsible for fixing bilds problems ? 
  i sure as hell dont have to fix any netflix problems . 
   that would mean less ad revenue . 
  am i now responsible for the incompetence of companies ? 
  its their job to set up their business in a way that is profitable . 
  if they are unable to do so they will go bankrupt , just like every other company would . 
  where is the problem ? 
  fun fact : i am not responsible for bilds failure to create a working business model . 
  their business model doesnt work ? 
  i dont give a fuck . 
  start producing quality content and use unobstrusive ads and i might , just might consider paying/watching ads . 
  you dont get it . 
  bilds business model is their issue , not mine . 
  if they offer their content for free with ads , its their problem if i dont watch the ads . 
  i will disable adblock for sites that offer quality content if i use the site enough . 
  but using adblock is not theft or even moraly questionable . 
  if bild wants cash for content , they can go build a paywall . 
  i dont give a fuck if their business model doesnt work . 
  denying revenue isnt theft . 
  you cant force people to not use adblock . 
  you can only create content that is worth paying or worth enduring the ads . 
  its not an argument , its a slogan . 
  the slogans for the other side are probably not much better . 
  representation isnt a black/white issue . 
  voting for a parliament that in turn votes the prime minister is still much more direct than the eu right now . 
  especially if you consider that this situation here would be the prime minister voting for the actual goverment which then appoints a negotiator . 
  thats just a little too far away for my taste . 
  the main problem is that we dont get to vote for the commission , yet they somehow act as an eu goverment . 
  this shit doesnt happen on a national level . 
  its hard enough to directly vote for people that do their job . 
  3 filters later ( national goverment , eu parliament , eu commision ) there is nothing left of any democratic will . 
  our only hope in the eu is the actual eu parliament , at least they have shown to actually give a shit about the will and the rights of eu citizens , occasionally . 
  enforcing this law would be a ridiculous effort for basically no gain . 
  it was pathetic to set things up like this anyway .
