  that is economic migration . 
  but a debt cut still means greece will burn other peoples money . 
  thats the issue . 
  you cant seriously give greece a debt cut , then throw them another 100b and tell your voters with a straight face that this new loan will be paid back . 
  i am all for a debt cut because its what greece needs , but it comes at a price . 
  debt cut for a grexit gives both sides whats most important . 
  a fresh start for greece and an end to the money bonfire for the creditors . 
  but why should we give them a debt cut right before throwing more money at them ? 
  might as well let them default so we dont have to waste any more money . 
  i mean compared to the billions we are burning right now some humanitarian support would be hella cheap . 
  well yes we actually couldnt afford to make them pay for their shit . 
  though they did lose 50 % of their loans in a private sector debt cut in 2012 or something . 
  but at this point there is basically no reason to keep burning money for greece . 
  it doesnt do anything and we cant throw them 30b a year until the end of time just to sustain their unsustainable shit . 
  well in about 3 years greece will be out of money , again . 
  so the chances are we will get the grexit that should have happened this year eventually . 
  dont worry its just another 86 billion down the drain for a 3 years delay , totally worth it . 
  nobody is saying siemens is pure and holy , its obvious that they should get punished for their shit . 
  people merely point out the reasons for large scale corruption like this . 
  yes corruption exists everywhere . 
  but its not nearly as bad in germany or sweden compared to say greece . 
  corruption makes a system inefficient , if it gets too bad it becomes quite visible . 
  i dont see that here . 
  bmw arent comfortable at all . 
  i am only slightly taller than average and i wouldnt be able to use the small to medium sized bmws because they are all fucking tiny . 
  well at least they were last time i tried to get into one a few years ago . 
  bmws are mostly ego/wannabe sports cars . 
  partially electric cars should help providing incentives to build these recharge stations without completely depending on them i guess ? 
  but why dont they have a good education ? 
  shouldnt highschool level/university access education be free in france ? 
  you realise that only a tiny fraction of the refugees comes from syria ? 
  the majority comes from africa and the balkans and wants to stay forever because their countries arent quite as cozy as the more wealthy eu nations . 
  unfortunately , those are also the ones that dont integrate as well . 
  yes they do exist legally . 
  its part of the jobcenters programms . 
  and like everybody taking part in a jobcenter programme , the people doing this are not considered unemployed for the statistic . 
  they would pack up and leave for a few years while you take more debt with every square kilometer you take . 
  its like invading russian in the winter , but with debt rather than snow . 
  these people went from germany to germany . 
  that has nothing to do with the kind of `` refugees '' we 're getting right now . 
  the thing about putin is that he isnt a nationalist . 
  sure he might believe in the glory of mother russia or whatever , but he is first and foremost a walking ego . 
  nuclear war isnt profitable . 
  putin only cares about wealth and power , thats not the type of person to start a using nukes . 
  the kind of person that will use nukes are die hard nationalists that buy their own propaganda and are willing to die for the glory of their nation , etc. 
  cant remember hearing that term , ever . 
  i personally dont care about other peoples skin color and whatnot . 
  everybody that speaks german and has a german id is german . 
  everybody that doesnt speak german after years of staying should get kicked the fuck out . 
  it works like that if you have an ocean between your border and the countries you bomb to shit so others have to deal with the refugees . 
  pretty sure the whole thing would go to germany first and we would distribute it to whoever has a claim on something and keep the rest . 
  well yes russia can change , but putin can not . 
  the one thing russia has to change to move forward is to get rid of putin or at least cut his power down a little . 
  until this happens things will look bleak . 
  that means all dictatorships are justified and acting against them would be bad because they set up the law ? 
  those `` germany fleeing west '' went from germany to germany . 
  and the us provided aid because they bombed germany to shit to begin with . 
  if the us would be as thorough with rebuilding the iraq as they were in germany there would be no isis . 
  then go ahead and answer my question . 
  why are we responsible for those nations ? 
  what makes us responsible for those nations ? 
  are we responsible for economic refugees from all nations that are less wealthy than we are ? 
  dont you think that taking in economic refugees would make it worse for their home country because it loses its best and brightest while the poor that cant flee stay behind ? 
  mind you asylum is one thing , but i see absolutely zero point to take in people from somalia or `` other places '' that come because our jobs pay more . 
  doesnt even matter if it hits to be honest . 
  these people arent trying to kill every single person that isnt a muslim . 
  they merely want to spread terror , a slight miss does that just as well . 
  pretty sure you can hit a plane that is about to start or rolling to the runway with an anti tank missile . 
  even if they would use anti air missiles , the launchers dont have that much range and you would need to be at or close to the airport anyway . 
  might as well go a little closer and do it with an anti tank launcher . 
   now please tell me why this guy has no right to flee to europe ? 
  now please just go ahead and prove that this guy didnt make this up to increase the chances of asylum ? 
  so we are now responsible for all of those nations because ? 
  no it doesnt . 
  unless you let in everybody , there will always be some that arent allowed in , but desperate enough to try these things . 
  its not like the idiot driver that failed the job was the mafia boss that makes a fortune doing this . 
  dont get me wrong , the driver needs a nice room in prison too , but the people that organised this will most likely never be punished . 
  source is the shitpost i replied to . 
  maybe you should read it ? 
  oh and just so you know : merkels treatment of the little girl is widely seen as justified in germany . 
  if you dont do your duties , at least dont blame others for doing theirs . 
  because right wing parties dont give a shit about this evidence , even if it is conclusive . 
  they rely on fear mongering for their politics and exploit everybody that buys it . 
  there are a lot of people that benefit from these system , which is why we will never get rid of this despite the inherent problems for a democratic system . 
  there is a difference between spying on foreign goverments and running mass surveilance programms on foreign populations . 
  then again this difference might be hard to grasp for americans these days . 
  yup thats treason , but nobody will ever get even the slightest punishment for it . 
  too bad we cant put people against the wall for crimes like this anymore . 
  you realise that germany doesnt make use of a privilege ( the ability to send refugees to the first eu nation they entered ) , while you guys refuse to do your duties ( process refugees that enter the eu on your soil ) ? 
  big country , doing very well economically ( unlike all other big countries ) and being somewhat open to at least justified asylum applications unlike say the uk . 
  i seem to remember clicking reply on a different post . 
  no they wouldnt be . 
  integrating east german citizens into west germany was completely unproblematic and basically free . 
  thats not the case for the current refugees . 
  thats a pretty stupid argument tho . 
  the main problem with those refugees is the cultural differences that makes integrating them very , very difficult . 
  these differences barely existed between both german nations and integration was quick , easy and most importantly : didnt really cost any money for language or job training . 
  if the current refugees would be integrated as cheap and easily , we wouldnt even have to bother with paperwork , just let them all stay . 
  unfortunately , thats not the case . 
  this was a reaction to good old siggy calling them pack tho .
