  godamn berlusconi . 
  `` we had to make these coins to make money to finance the strict austerity that germany forced upon us '' there you go . 
  germany might be too small of a market to develop a system like this locally . 
  after all a company would only invest money into this if a certain number of systems are guaranteed to sell . 
  so if anything we 'd develop this with other eu nations and the whole thing might end up being something of an a400m style clusterfuck . 
  i am not the greatest fan of the usa , but it rather buy a working system from them to be honest . 
  because all solutions that arent greece getting realistic about their situation are bad . 
  greece gets what they want : the podemos or w/e its called party in spain will demand a better deal for spain too . 
  other left wing parties in eu nations might follow . 
  the eu will become an even greater mess and drown in debt . 
  greece doesnt get what the want and leaves : dealing with the side effects of a grexit wont be fun either . 
  greece is going to get fucked which will be a problem for the eu and potentially fuck up a lot of economies in europe . 
  how could it be worse ? 
  putin gained absolutely nothing in the ukraine , except for maybe an ego boost that he could challenge the big , bad west and get away with it . 
  now russia pays the price for his inferiority complex . 
  the problem is that after years of struggle , a lot of people in europe are willing to throw greece to the wolves . 
  as long as this takes care of the problems on our side or at least ends the struggle and gives us time to fix our own problems . 
  the whole war against terror was just so much of a clusterfuck , its hard to blame them . 
  after all both afghanistan and the iraq are basically failed states now . 
  the instability in iraq is one of the main reason isis exists . 
  so overall the west has fucked up a lot of countries . 
  its hard to blame people that might have relatives in these countries for not liking the military that was one of the usa closest allies in this . 
  i am pretty sure that germany and nations like france , italy , the uk , etc can basically hold a worldcup at the drop of a hat . 
  putin is mad anyway . 
  if he wants to `` push further into ukraine '' , he will . 
  appeasement certainly wont stop him , on the contrary . 
  if a nation would go out of their way to appease him , he 'd exploit this and blackmail them into god knows what . 
  and quite honestly : nobody gives a shit about what putin says . 
  he changes his opinions randomly and says things that contradict his actions . 
  russia is not a reliable partner for anybody right now . 
  germany absolutely would . 
  the c in cdu doesnt mean much . 
  too bad erdogan is increasingly autocratic and has no interest in these things . 
  and what would have changed ? 
  you cant just use nukes at the drop of a hat . 
  and russia wouldnt be intimidated by weapons that cant be used . 
  in fact , the instability that followed the change of goverment would have been a nightmare if there were still nukes around . 
  its not that bad . 
  we just have no helicopters and no working assault rifles . 
  our tanks still seem to work . 
  you imply that there is no military in western europe that could have done anything . 
  the reason that this didnt happen is the lack of political will . 
  thats actually the entire problem in the dealings with russia right now . 
  the means are here , the western european nations do in fact have the military needed to contain russia and stop their aggression . 
  its simply not done because politicians dont want to do it . 
  thats what mr. techno_mage fails to understand . 
  the right way of dealing with russia is not to just buy more tanks . 
  what the nato/eu needs is the political will to act against russia when appropriate and use the existing tools . 
  the cold war is over . 
  russia is absolutely not a military threat to anybody . 
  the ukraine wasnt just invaded and run over , because putin knew that wouldnt work anyway . 
  what the nato needs more than tanks is to stabilise the east european democracies to make sure extremists and ethnic conflicts dont ruin the young democratic systems . 
  what germany wanted was a greece that wasnt a failed state and had to cheat like crazy to look like a healthy economy . 
  the greek brought this upon themselves , mostly by electing incompetent and corrupt politicians . 
  yes the eu should have done more to prevent cheating , but at the end of the day its the cheater that has to get punished , not the referee that didnt notice the cheats quick enough . 
  holy shit this is sick . 
  i mean i am not a fan of how the refugee issue is handled right now , but this seems so harsh , idk . 
  these people are hardly responsible for the decision to let them in , there is no point in looking down on them like that . 
  then again if this new institution would actually be subject to parliament oversight it could work out well in the end . 
  its about time the eu parliament is moved up within the eu pecking order . 
  its a merkel thing , she isnt big on principles and says whatever the hell is convenient right now . 
  something thats going to be very convenient is immigration making up for the fact that germans make much less babies than needed to stabilise the population . 
  also : since the news are filled with pictures of suffering refugees , its a good time to say these things . 
  they make you look good and your conservative party would look like a monster for speaking up against this . 
  thats along the lines of what some people say about black us citizen . 
  a good reaction to a discrimination post ahahahaha . 
  only if you can take the broom apart and put it back together in under 3 minutes . 
  he might have underestimated the uefa willingness to pack their shit and leave . 
  blatter might not care about pr , but he certainly cares about how much money it would cost the fifa if the uefa boycots 2 worldcups and possibly leaves altogether . 
  there is not much choice to be honest . 
  either europe does its own things , or becomes/remains a us colony . 
  german comedy standards are quite high . 
  german humor is just as dry as your national cash reserves . 
  to all nations in fact . 
  russia is not a dictatorship ( yet ) and certainly hasnt been one 10 years ago . 
  its absolutely the fault of the russian population that a cowboy that didnt get over the fall of the soviet union is ruling russia for this long . 
  just like its the fault of the greece that their nation has accumulated this much debt , and just like its the fault of us germans that mutti merkel hasnt been kicked out of her office yet . 
  oh dont get me wrong , i absolutely dont blame you or your politicians for this . 
  i blame the morons that agreed to these kind of absurd demands . 
  but these kind of special deals are pretty bad for the eu and whoever agreed to this shit was a stupid . 
  it depends on the sanctions . 
  financial sanctions that drive away foreign investors will hurt russia eventually . 
  russia is in a position where they have to attract foreign capital to start modernizing their industry . 
  if they miss the chance to do this in the next 10 to 20 years , they are basically fucked . 
  not participating in these kind of sanctions would mean weakening your own position towards russian aggression . 
  if russia gets the impression that finnland depends on them or thinks it depends on them , they can abuse that in the future and use it to drive finnland away from their eu partners . 
  this is obviously an extreme scenario , but certainly not impossible . 
  a lot of the geopolitical necessity of the current russian politics seems like machismo and melancholy though . 
  the british cherry picking is honestly super arrogant . 
  hell i would prefer if the eu simply cuts all special benefits britain ( and every other nation ) gets right now and lets them vote on if they actually care to be one eu member among many or pack up and leave . 
  thats the point that is important for me : taking your shoes of is perfectly fine because everybody is expected to do so . 
  same goes for visiting the vatican : you arent allowed in there with a tank top and short shorts , regardless of gender . 
  the whole veil issue just screams sexism and oppression for a lot of western people . 
  dont worry , its boring , heavyhanded and only mildly funny even for german comedy standards . 
  zdf is a public broadcast and one of the main reasons why even people in favor of public broadcasting harbor a burning jealousy for the bbc . 
  has it gotten that bad ? 
  my last impression was that erdogan was actually very popular because a lot of people credited him with the economic progress turkey has made in recent years . 
  i know there have been protest , but he still seemed very popular overall , especially outside the big cities . 
  it certainly didnt seem to be necessary for him to manipulate votes . 
  i am sorry , but did you notice that i said before taxes ?
