  not sure which of those options i 'd prefer , but i 'd bet on the fact that they are stupid . 
  what belongs into a parliamentary democracy is decided by the parliament . 
  the dutch parliament wanted this type of referendum law . 
  some of these idiot politicians need to be reminded that they are operating on a leash . 
  maybe the leash has gotten a little too long recently . 
   the return of bosnians out of germany is actually a good argument against people who claim that `` the syrians will always remain '' . 
  i 've learned that most people across the entire political spectrum can agree that a humane solution would be to accept war refugees as long as the conflict they fled from is ongoing , providing they return to their home once that war is over . 
  syria isnt bosnia . 
  syria will not be safe for decades , just like the iraq isnt safe over 10 years after it was `` liberated '' . 
  its all but guaranteed that the syrians we take today will stay until they can claim citizenship . 
  hell chances are the iraqis will stay until they can claim citizenship . 
  yes , becoming a third world nation is a good first step towards fixing population problems . 
  both options sound good to be honest . 
  though the second option would probably also lead to more leave votes . 
  there will be no sovereign eu based on 27 members . 
   in a way that does n't screw over a country that has just thrown off the shackles of one of the most corrupt leaders known to man or you vote no and see how serious the ukraine is about fighting corruption . 
  if they falter because of this no vote their commitment wasnt worth much . 
  if they dont , the deal can be put up for a vote at a later date , after the ukraine has improved further . 
  because they are still a corrupt mess , poroschenko isnt exactly an upstanding citizen . 
  close , but wrong . 
  china is actually a german shell company controlled from off shore shell companies in panama . 
  we leaked some data about other companies in panama to distract the press and be able to complete the piraeus deal while everybody is looking away . 
  there is also the avocado deal coming up , but if i 'd tell you about it i 'd have to kill you . 
  you mean following the interest of the majority of ez members , speaking for them and taking the heat for controversial decisions ? 
  damn its basically the fourth reich already ... 
  one of the few eu members to follow them into iraq ( with spain and the uk and a few others ) generally quite us friendly . 
  isnt artificial vitamin harder to process and ultimate not as effective ? 
  so you 'd have to take more compared to eating regular food with vitamins ? 
  then they can go ahead and develop a proper exit procedure for the ez . 
  but oh wait nobody does that . 
  and people that dont like these states joining or the general expansionism of the eu might have used this referendum to `` punish '' the politicians for not listening to them . 
  what was your point again ? 
  the difference is that the eu will never invite these nations , while the ukraine is a realistic candidate for eu membership purely because its location on the map . 
  so its realistic to assume that closer cooperation with the ukraine leads to more than it does in syria , algeria or whatever . 
  the treaty means closer cooperation between the eu and the ukraine . 
  which is ultimately a step towards membership . 
  and lets be realistic here : there is no relevant voice against automatic expansion of the eu . 
  ultimately : unless the eu breaks down all of europe will be invited sooner or later . 
  so reminding the fools that you cant keep making policy agaisnt the populations is good . 
   the eu 's neghbourhood policy also allocates lots of funds fighting poverty , illiteracy , even pollution in these states all of these things ultimately stabilize these countries and help to prevent terrorism . 
  we benefit from that . 
  its the other way around : we are so efficient that we can have the most vacation/holidays , make more than people in most other eu nations , be on reddit all day at work and we somehow still end up being profitable for the company . 
  like holy hell imagine we 'd actually work 40-50 hours a week every week with little to no vacation ? 
  we 'd literally be reich again !, 
  its not about guilt . 
  but a father cant be expected to pay for the rest if his life for a child that isnt his . 
  just like the moron that got the woman pregnant should pay for his idiocy . 
  well to be honest , i 'd say a grexit with 100 % debt relief would be the best solution we have left . 
  it would mean the end of unlimited reliabilities , but also a ( long term ) perspective for greece . 
  as opposed to no perspective at all . 
  the realistic option is the merkel option : do nothing and let greece suffer a little more . 
  then give them a defacto debt relief by devaluating the debt with 0 interest loans over decades . 
  this would drag greece down for decades and fuck the euros reputation as well as the cooperation within europe . 
  but you dont have to sell much because you dont have to do much . 
  the work gets done with obscure details of loans no voter will understand . 
  this is obviously not a useful solution because it fucks everybody over , but its the solution that is the most convenient for politicians because all of them can save face and put up a show for the rabble . 
  syriza can say they kept greece in the euro and everything would have totaly been worse with a grexit . 
  merkel can say she held the line and totaly didnt give in to those lazy , corrupt southern morons that want to steal juicy german tax moneys . 
   merkel said the poem was `` unacceptable '' and stressed that the broadcaster removed the content after apologizing on april 1 for `` crossing the line into slander . '', 
  alright its illegal , let a court take care of it . 
  why exactly can merkel demand that this is taken down ? 
  whats the legal basis for it ? 
  well roughly 40 % of the turkish voters do in fact seem to like that . 
  yes merkel did what she could to keep greece in the ez no matter what . 
  she didnt want to be the person that broke the ez . 
  even though her `` solution '' didnt help anybody . 
  it didnt help greece recover , if anything greece is declining further . 
  it also didnt end the black hole of the greek budget . 
  in the end merkel only helped herself . 
  and everybody knows it . 
  the current situation in greece is not sustainable . 
  greece either needs a debt cut ( which is hard to sell in germany ) or a grexit ( which would hurt her public imagine and is hard to sell to some nations ) . 
  yet merkel just did what she always does : delay the problem and hope somebody else takes care of it . 
  too bad the balkan wont bail out merkel this time . 
  in 2 years the greek problem will be back on the agenda . 
  the point is that this kind of deal wouldnt be just bad news . 
  yes not getting the money back would be bad , but not being forced to pay any more money would be a huge boon and easy to sell for an experienced politician . 
  the `` black hole '' thats keeps eating german money is a bigger bogeyman than not getting the money back we already `` lost '' . 
   to leave the ez , there needs to be almost complete debt write off and economic help . 
  did you goverment even explore this option ? 
  i dont think so . 
  because honestly , that would sell well in germany . 
  writing off the debt is perfectly acceptable if we get out of the responsibility of paying for the incompetent greek state/goverment until the end of time . 
  i dont give a shit what it is . 
  as far as i care they can just read mein kampf and praise hitler for a great book . 
  merkel can not be allowed to demand that * any * sort of content from the public broadcasters gets removed . 
  these broadcaster are supposedly not state tv . 
  i mean they ultimately are controlled by the goverment , but that doesnt change the fact that merkel should at least maintain the pretense of their independance . 
  again , it is not merkels place to critisize things like this . 
  because of merkels influence on the programme of public broadcasters , this could be seen as a threat . 
  `` remove this , or else '' . 
  satire isnt unacceptable , bad perhaps , but its not merkels place to critisize these things ( or demand that they are removed ) . 
  especially considering that her goverment has a lot of influence on the programm of the public broadcasters . 
  this sets a bad precedent for the ( theoretical ) independance of public broadcasters in germany . 
  merkel is a populist moron . 
  she shut down the plants because there was an overwhelming majority panicking after fukushima . 
  her populism doesnt make the actual arguments against nuclear power any less important though . 
  fukushima is irrelevant . 
  germany shuts down plants because nuclear power is too expensive and most importantly : not sustainable . 
  we have no permanent deposit , we 've spend countless billions on the failure of the existing , temporary deposits and we still dont have a permanent solution .
