  she had 3 years to act if she would care . 
  she did nothing until she saw a chance to increase her popularity with some good , old populism . 
  she let all of those people rot in the desert for all this time , and when she did act , she only encouraged smuggling . 
  so its quite likely that her current pro migration crap is a show . 
  or that she is even more incompetent than i thought , which would be quite hard . 
  dude . 
  she blamed ee for their absolute stance on migration . 
  then said that her stance on migration isnt negotiable . 
  so she is either an absurd hypocrite , or she uses this as an excuse to exercise power she doesnt actually hold . 
  my goverment didnt bomb iraq , and most germany were against doing so anyway . 
  so speak for yourself . 
  schengen doesnt apply to them if they dont register . 
  they wont register in ee because it means having to stay in ee . 
  so yes , schengen is completely irrelevant for this . 
  its still a good idea . 
  since our friends in eastern europe enjoy being us vasalls , there is no point to ever build up our own military . 
  the only point of increasing military spending would be becoming less dependant on the us politically . 
  nobody cares about that anyway so whatever . 
   however i would argue the eu is not at the beck and call of the us . 
  well the us and their island friends in europe spy on everybody and nobody has the slightest chance to do anything about it . 
  so i would say the us are calling the shots in europe . 
   for example the solar panel sector that merkel wanted to sell off to china , which would n't harm german economy , just french and spanish . 
  are you retarded ? 
  germany had afaik the best solar industry in europe because of the massive subsidies we gave them . 
  if anything this would/did hurt germany a lot more than most other eu nations . 
  and we lost out advantage mostly for cost reasons . 
   the eu parliament is a joke . 
  no its not , it has repeatedly told the commission and others to cut the crap when they came up with something particulary stupid . 
  the eu parliament is imo one of the very few eu institutions that actually give a damn . 
  the commission are a bunch of selfish morons . 
  nobody commited any crimes though . 
  germany for example just used a clause in the dublin process to help greece . 
  a perfectly legal clause . 
  there was a terrorist attack in germany . 
  the guys were just incompetent and the bomb didnt work . 
  well the way the migration was handeled in germany did benefit right wing parties quite a bit . 
  but yeah its not quite as melodramatic , yet . 
  people `` wanted '' refugees as long as there were no refugees . 
  it made them feel good about themselves . 
  in reality , very few people really want this kind of migration and even the deluded ones start to come around slowly . 
  if you come to germany with a work visa of some sort and learn german , you will be welcomed . 
  though i have to admit that people might not be positive at first sight depending on how `` refugee like '' ( for lack of a better term ) you look . 
  most nations have a unique mix of energy production options . 
  that doesnt really matter in the end . 
  turkey already admited to spending only around 6 billion for several million migrants over the course of several years . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/turkey-urges-worlds-help-on-syrian-refugees-as-spending-reaches-6-billion.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=78951&amp;newscatid=359 as for the costs in germany :  in 2013 , germany spent around 1.5 billion euros ( $ 1.67 billion ) on allowances for asylum seekers , or about ** 12,500 euros per refugee per year ** http://www.dw.com/en/what-helping-refugees-costs-germany/a-18693996 numbers are from 2013 , but they come down to a little over 1000 euro per head , per month . 
  it could be more in the range of 600 , but you have to remember that they have a right to receive the grundsicherung . 
  thats about 800 euro for germans and i doubt its less if quarters for these refugees have to be improvised . 
  on demand tends to cost more than well planned things . 
  that also doesnt include the cost of language training and other education . 
  and this education will typically take years . 
  i think the last official statement for the costs this year came down to 1200-1300 per month and head . 
  but even if not , there is no way its below 800 . 
  turkey isnt forced to spend 800-1200 euro per month per head on those refugees . 
  that makes it a tiny bit easier to deal with even large numbers , dont you think ? 
  the proper way is a middleground between all out populism and pure fuck you authoritarism . 
   how is it ` extreme ' to carry out the wishes of 80 % of the population ? 
  unfiltered populism tends to be bad . 
  merkel went full populist when she invited people ( back then everybody liked it ) . 
  going full populism in the other direction isnt any better . 
  well lucke did say some rather questionable things , and frau petry is pretty rightwing . 
  in the end it was lucke 's flirt with the right wing and his incompetence that screwed the party . 
  oh she will care , its just going to take a few weeks , possibly months as always . 
  she is old and afraid , she needs a little longer to do this `` thinking '' everybody talks about . 
  secret rule of being a politician . 
  ignore problems as long as possible , then exploit the trouble this causes for personal gain . 
  just like your village/city/district has next to nothing to say on a national scale . 
  your point ? 
  courts are an essential part of a democratic system and the separation of powers . 
  so yes a court ruling can very much be a democratic event . 
  the judges dont make laws . 
  they just remind the traitors in the commission that their laws violate our rights . 
  weird how its always the commission that has to be reigned in by courts and the parliament . 
  its almost like they would not work for the best interests of their sovereign . 
  the problem is that this will be a package deal . 
  it is absolutely necessary that the parliament gets full access to the current papers at multiple stages of the negotiation . 
  once the whole thing is finished , we can only go yes or no . 
  but it contains way too much parts to make it this simple . 
  there needs to be a parliament , if not outright public discussion during the negotiations to make sure we can get the worst shit out of the papers early . 
  once the agreement goes public traitors like merkel will argue that because a few parts of ttip might be good for us , we must agree to all of the shit that made it into the agreement as well . 
  not voting is always 100 % your own fault . 
  there are zero excuses for not voting in a democracy . 
  in fact ; if you dont vote , you can shut up for the next 4-5 years because you didnt give an opinion when asked for one . 
   `` okay . 
  we 're about to get a ton of refugees and there 's no easy or humane way to stop them , so let 's get to work eh '' kinda mentality that this sub probably does n't agree with . 
  if merkel would actually work for what she wants people might agree . 
  but she sat on her ass for 3 years , didnt give a single shit about migrants until the public opinion was heavily in favor of them . 
  now as it turns out , public opinion was in favor of migrants because they were far away and people thought hosting migrants would be free and they could all feel like superior human beings for being so nice to those poor migrants . 
  but now our goverment is ( still ) incompetent , migrants cost money and the rest of europe doesnt want to take any . 
  it was 100 % obvious from the very start that public opinion would change . 
  merkel just didnt give a shit and went with the flow as always , without doing even the slightest thing to make it work . 
  so please , shut up about merkels greatness . 
  yeah , just like we talked about migration only after a million migrants was already in europe . 
  this is not how it works . 
  the problem is not the eu parliament , its the greed and power of the local politicians that use it to shift blame . 
  its those politicians that are at fault , go be angry at them . 
  you vote them directly as you would vote your parliament . 
  the distance is purely emotional . 
  the problem is that politicians like to use the eu to shift blame . 
  it gives them a slight edge for a moment , but ultimately weakens the eu for the populist gains of a few people .
