  you cant cry about evil brown men , then go down to their level and attack random people and somehow get out of this thinking you have the moral high ground and that this is some sort of abstract `` self defense '' . 
  these people are criminals , maybe racists and nothing more . 
  also : part of living in a democratic state is living with the consequences of being ignored because your opinions arent shared by a majority . 
   is he wrong to blame the politicians though ? 
  yes . 
  you can blame politicians for a lot of things , but certainly not for the crimes of morons and hate mongerers . 
  hell i really hate how merkel runs her office , but she didnt cause this crime . 
  her politics certainly didnt help tho . 
  if anything a more direct `` cause '' for this is the nye events in cologne . 
  as far as we can tell , a lot of the suspects for those were in germany for years and have basically nothing to do with merkels current bullshit . 
   it 's more that the european allies just do not have the combined military and security forces to prevent 1.2 million people who really really want to get away from isis from doing so . 
  these people dont come to europe for safety . 
  they were safe in turkey and jordan . 
  they come to europe for a better life and opportunities . 
  deny them these opportunities , for example by making asylum temporary and denying them naturalization on principle , and the numbers will shrink substantially . 
  in fact , those that will still come to europe without financial motivations are probably the ones that actually deserve asylum . 
  oh shut up , it doesnt matter how angry you are . 
  nobody has any right to attack random strangers for any reason . 
  the scum that attacked foreigners is no better than the scum that attacked women at nye . 
  its all the same antisocial trash that needs to be disciplined to learn how to behave in a civilised nation . 
  i guess the point is taking the path into this direction in general . 
  i mean orban has a significant headstart on poland , and poland might actually manage to turn around and prevent this crap . 
  but it does look like the new polish goverment is taking this path , i mean they couldnt be bothered to wait a few months before starting to take controll of the media . 
  sure its just the public media so far , but it doesnt look good for poland . 
  they joined the eu and agreed to these things . 
  they agreed to the fact that a lot of decisions require only a technical majority , not an unopposed consensus . 
  they agreed to the fact that the eu has a certain amount of control and influence over its members . 
  everybody that considers this a bad deal is free to suggest better alternatives or get the fuck out . 
  whining about being occupied when you chose this `` occupation '' is pathetic . 
   that 'll have them stuttering and falling over themselves apologizing . 
  or they 'll answer with `` dont * you * remember ? 
  so shut up and do as you 're told '' . 
  that would be admittedly a bit of a snarky reply , but you 'll never know . 
  yeah right , beacuse some old police fart in an office fucked up , its perfectly reasonable to throw fireworks at police officers . 
  what at least you are self counscious . 
  with your line of thought the next step is surely getting shot for bad posts on reddit . 
  merkel is still doing nothing . 
  she said something about harsher deportation , but that means nothing since we cant deport syrians and iraqis anyway . 
  she is basically trying to buy time and deflect responsibility . 
   dude dont blame the migrants . 
  if you were a migrant from afghanistan who is given the option to live in a country that is times and times and times better than your homeland would you stay home ? 
  i dont blame them for trying . 
  i simply say just because its in their best interest , they dont have an automatic right . 
  the refugee status the un defines is about protection from political persecution and war . 
  its not about fat welfare and nice salaries . 
  these people are safe in turkey , jordan , greece , etc. 
  anybody that makes it from syria to germany or sweden isnt looking for safety , he/she is looking for money . 
  the police doesnt usually bring heavy equipment and enough riot troopers to outnumber the protestants though . 
   that does n't mean to say you get to say what it is they think about their religion . 
  what counts and what does not . 
  i have a problem with people telling other people what it is they feel and what it is they believe . 
  certainly when they then go on to ascribe something completely different to them like you just did by saying they might as well be agnostics . 
      what , because they do n't practice their faith in a manner you do n't consider committed enough ? 
  no , but if they dont practise their religion i would say that they arent really involved into this religion , but merely have personal beliefs that are similar . 
  i make a difference between `` external '' religion that builds structures and belief systems * for others * and has disadvantages like social pressure and `` internal '' beliefs where a person believes certain things , without submitting to an organisation or its rules . 
  i personally dont care what other peoples believe in . 
  how could i ? 
  its their own opinion . 
  but i do care about when people force their beliefs on others or use them to discriminate between people . 
  because thats primitive and does indeed have no place in a modern society . 
  the majority of european christians dont practise their religion at all . 
  they might as well be agnostics . 
  orban is an idiot . 
  we need neither merkels , nor orbans . 
  being right once doesnt make anybody a competent politician . 
  its true , even without the / s. 
  religion has no place in modern europe anymore . 
  dont get me wrong , beliefs are fine . 
  but organised religion with its own social and power structures is a relic that doesnt fit into a modern society . 
   thanks . 
  and how effective have the deportations been so far ? 
      i have also read that some try to pose as syrians even though they arent . 
  is this marginal or large scale problem ? 
  how effective are german authorties at detecting cheating ? 
  as far as we can tell its a minor problem so far . 
  however , we should keep in mind that isis and other factions in syria have captured the equipment used to manufacture genuine syria documents . 
  its basically impossible to tell these documents apart , which means that there is a small risk that even people with correct documentation are frauds that want to leech welfare . 
   are there any estimates how many of the refugees are real and how many are economic oppurtunists only ? 
  lets put it this way : asylum by un standard is meant to save people from war , not poverty . 
  so ask yourself : why do so many migrants go to germany or sweden rather than stay in one of the countless safe nations they pass through ? 
  even if its hard to accept , there is no such thing as a refugee in germany . 
  they are safe ever since they entered europe , their destination was picked purely for economic reasons . 
  i am 99 % certain that they would be given the minimum sustainance , something close to harz4 . 
  the main advantage would be that they cant naturalize if they arent refugees . 
  as far as i know anyway . 
   in other words , you get a legal limbo of sorts , where individuals would not receive refugee status if they committed a serious crime , but they could n't be deported either if doing so could result in their death or abuse . 
  on the plus side , while they would be allowed to stay , their dubious legal status should ( ? ), 
  rule out any naturalization . 
  so while we cant deport them right now , it means they wont get a cozy existence in germany at the very least . 
   registering asylum seekers wo n't bring down the numbers . 
  not if they can still leave the country . 
  the point is obviously that they wouldnt be able to leave the country . 
  as i said , the goal is the keep these people from traveling through europe , but not force greece to pay the bills for them . 
  i dont care if the camps are build in greece or on the other side of the mediterranean . 
  but the perspective of a life in camps will reduce the numbers much , much more than the hope to live in a wealthy country , get welfare and eventually naturalize . 
  yes its not fun , but we have no choice in the matter . 
  we cant prevent them from getting to europe unless we shoot them all . 
  which would work quite well , the migrant stream would dry out pretty fast . 
  but its not really an option for a variety of reasons . 
  so we have to make sure that coming to europe isnt as attractive for them .
