  chances are one of these treatments is not the correct one . 
  there is simply no way both of these are logical are legally justified . 
  pretty sure thats not going to survive an examination by courts . 
  we do recognise polygamous marriages that are technically not possible within germany because they married under another nations law . 
  we do not recognise same sex marriages that are technically not possible within germany because , uhhhh , why exactly ? 
  after all , recognising this certainly doesnt hurt anybody , right ? 
  not recognising this would only  weakening the protection of people without any gain for anybody right ? 
  40 % erdogan is enough to stay away from turkey for a lot of people . 
  the ugly , boring and depressing , but decidedly non lethal kind . 
  i am reasonably sure that your goverment would support permanent holding camps in greece . 
  later on these camps might be relocated to offshore sites in north africa . 
  sure things arent bad enough for this to become an option right now , but if we do get another migrant surge , well ... 
  neither will 3 million syrians . 
  if anything , having to deal with them ourselves will eliminate the last politically correct idiots from any discussion and allow us to get really nasty . 
  right wing parties are on the rise everywhere , those 3 million wont be welcome or accepted at all . 
  so if they do come , they will just end up in permanent camps in greece and on the balkan rather than in the wellfare paradise up north . 
  germany has no intention of leading the nato . 
  the very thought that anybody but the us can do so is ridiculous . 
  an eu military would most likely be controlled by an eu institution . 
  chances are it would require a parliament vote to be deployed , possibly also a unanimous vote by the council . 
  both of which means there would be no need for any direct leadership . 
  budget cuts and political reality still wont prevent the typical chest beating and paranoia when it comes to giving away control of parts of their military to an eu institution . 
  if nothing else , the uk and france want to believe they are still global powers ( take a look at their intervenition in lybia ) . 
  by the time this happens , it wont be an eu problem anymore . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  the spending target is a non binding recommendation . 
  considering that germany basically doesnt receive nato spending , we are still net contributors to the nato . 
  any nation using nuclear weapons against a non nuclear threat would be outlawed or burned of the maps by other nuclear powers . 
   it does n't need much of a defence force as local force projection is easy when you back it with nukes . 
  nukes will never be used no matter what . 
  a conventional army is very much necessary . 
  the question is if an eu army would be beneficial . 
   it 's one of the advantages of being a big country , you can run experiments at mega-scale levels and still only involve a small percentage of the population for minimal impact if something goes wrong . 
  thats not the reason for this . 
  the real reason is that china doesnt have certain non discrimination ( for lack of a better term ) rules that force goverments to treat all citizens equally and use the same laws for everybody . 
  i read an atricle a few years back that explained why we can not run these kind of large scale experiements in germany and thats the main , if not the only reason for it . 
  yeah thats a little too obvious of a mistake for a headline . 
  probably didnt think he 'd win and had to cough up an establishment approved speech on short notice . 
   tbh , preventing mass immigration in the first place would have prevented his parents from getting there in the first place the us have a very harsh immigration policy already . 
  there is no such thing as mass migration to the us anymore . 
  we have also had cases where locals were radicalized solely over the internet or media . 
  and the orlando guy most likely did what he did because he was homophobe , not because he was an islamist . 
  so what you are saying is that the uk citizens cant trust their own goverment and therefore should leave the eu so they are at the whims of said goverment alone ? 
  sounds logical . 
   stop imigration from muslim countries a lot of these lone wolf attacks are carried out by citizens . 
  the guy in orlando was a citizen that killed people with his legally bought automatic rifle . 
  actually , it is . 
  migrants either integrate into the existing society , or leave . 
  why should we adapt to foreigners that want to live in our country ? 
  i am not talking about the rape , i am talking about her treatment by the police . 
  if you dont want to get treated like shit as a woman , dont travel to countries that treat women like shit . 
  it sucks , but we cant change qatar ( for now ) . 
  we can only avoid dealing with them . 
  germany has more than one type though . 
  i must also warn you , bread is serious business in germany . 
  its right after bratwurst as far as food goes . 
  you might not want to go any further here . 
  i mean , this is law down there . 
  sympathy or not , she was at the very least naive to travel there to begin with . 
  i am not aware of how drastic of a punishment this is . 
  but illicit sex seems like a lesser offense compared to rape . 
  so his punishment most likely would have been worse if he was found guilty of raping the woman . 
   illicit sex acts you should note that this is the same term used for the womans punishment . 
  he doesnt get punished for rape , just for sex outside of marriage . 
  he got of quite easily as it seems . 
  lets just hope people will remember this when buying their world cup tickets . 
  after all , this woman could have been sent to prison for getting raped . 
  everybody that supports qatar by attending the worldcup , also supports this kind of laws and treatments . 
  all things considered : they probably paid the most . 
   i do care about the gender identiy zealot parents and what they do to their children though . 
  so you build yourself a nice strawmen of the crazy parent that will abuse this , but you are totaly not against this policy . 
  right . 
  you wouldnt just be against this and looking for an excuse that doesnt make you look like a backwards idiot . 
  greece already has employement problems . 
  this isnt helping at all . 
  this isnt going to happen unless merkel randomly chokes on her breakfast someday . 
  but they dont have to wear skirts ? 
  they can wear whatever they want to . 
  the common sense of not messing with other peoples lifes for shits and giggles ? 
  i mean how does it offend you if a girl prefers to wear pants to school ? 
  i mean it doesnt hurt anybody and it probably doesnt cost anything . 
  i really dont see the downsides . 
  uefa can probably ban teams at their own discretion . 
  that should be a standard clause in a contract like this . 
  what ? 
  chances are the womens team is still hell of a lot better than you ever were . 
  he is right . 
  once you start accepting preventive measure against ethnic groups , you open a can of worms you might not be able to close again . 
  it starts with profiling , then you get biased judges that will found people belonging to this minority guilty more often , etc. 
  the us took this path , and now sit on a giant prison population and a borderline police state . 
   integration of that group is impossible and members need to be removed until those that remaining members are all integrated or working toward integration . 
  easy there stalin . 
  seriously though , are you a teenager ? 
  this kind of absolutes isnt how the real world works . 
  because fighting crime is a means to an end . 
  if you allow the police to do whatever it takes to fight crime , you end up with a north korea style state . 
  if you allow the police to do anything that helps them to fight crime , you just get a police state . 
  sometimes its better for society to accept a certain level of crime because getting rid of it requires inappropriate policies . 
   you have no sympathy for people who get raped ? 
  i was talking about her treatment by the police .
