  i still dont consider russia a significant threat to europes security . 
  the ukraine got fucked because their system was too close to russia for too long . 
  poland and the baltics were smarter about that . 
  so when do you think will the russians start bombarding kiev then ? 
  surely thats the next step of putins devilish masterplan ? 
  childcare outside of the former gdr is still terrible . 
  in some areas you simply cant get a place for your kid that allows you to work a full time job . 
  and its not always possible to get a part time job either . 
   would n't you feel even a bit nervous , because of what is going on over there ? 
  depends i guess . 
  russia didnt really `` storm '' the ukraine . 
  as far as i can tell russia got what they wanted in the ukraine , and it wasnt marching on kiev . 
  it doesnt make much sense for them to go further and risk an actual nato response . 
  so if i 'd be living in poland i wouldnt worry too much . 
  then again i am very sceptic of these mass panic hypes in general . 
  didnt give a shit about nye or the evil brown people terrorists that are everywhere either . 
   thanks but no , ukraine is prime example that russia did n't change it 's historical foreign policy . 
  the ukraine is not a member of eu or nato . 
  yes russia tries to play tough , but they would never dare to attack the eu or nato . 
  it would be suicidal . 
  i personally dont care much about it , but if moving around a few soldiers calms down the eastern nato members its probably alright . 
  hell for all i care the us could close all of their bases in germany and move them to poland or the baltic . 
  the point of this discussion is that some people say germany should send money south , aka `` fiscal union '' . 
  if you cant be bothered to read the threat , dont bother replying . 
   if each side has standards that are functionally equivalent thats the problem . 
  these standards are never actually equivalent . 
  if they were , we wouldnt need ttip . 
  the standards are declared equivalent . 
  and the last draw i saw did in fact allow companies to sell their products on both sides of the atlantic if they meet the standard on one side , thats the whole point . 
  and seing how involved companies are in the whole process and the negotiations , its really not all that hard to imagine that we will get a lot of `` equivalent '' standards that are very much not equivalent . 
   you clearly have no clue what a bond is . 
  the interest payed on a bond never changes you didnt read my post i guess , i explicitly mentioned follow up loans/bonds . 
  it doesnt matter how low your interest rate is right now . 
  in 30 years your bond is due , but since nobody pays off debt the bond will be refinanced with another bond . 
  so by that time your solar panels are probably long gone , but you will still pay interests on them and the interest rate might be not so nice as they are now . 
  thats the issue : refinancing bonds because you dont actually ever pay off the debt . 
   not just inside russia , but outside too . 
  seeing as most europeans now demonise russia , this turns russians more towards putin ; who see us europeans more and more like enemies than friends . 
  demonize is a big word though . 
  we hold the russians accountible for electing and continously supporting a nutjob like putin . 
  i mean he certainly does fake things to make himself look more popular than he is . 
  but he still enjoys the support of a lot of russians . 
  all things considered , he probably has a solid majority without manipulations . 
  if the russians want putin , they get the pay the bills for it . 
   being pragmatic , russia will likely never join the eu . 
  it 's size and population would give it enormous voting capabilities . 
  it 's history and it 's current presidency bring ferocious opposition to ascension from fully half the continent , and hostility from most of the remaining states . 
  while you were at it , you also spelled out why turkey wont ever make it into the eu . 
  we 're gon na need a more offensive float to answer this . 
   here in germany , i can understand our historical baggage ( foremost the holocaust ) lead to people frequently jumping to the conclusion that someone is a racist when caring about our own culture . 
  basically : its nice and makes you feel good if you want to help others . 
  its also easy to be nice to others as long as you dont have to deal with the people you are helping on your own . 
  once you see that ( some of ) those poor , helpless people you supported are drunks , morons or oppurtunists , some illusions go out of the window very quickly . 
  the same happened in germany btw . 
  yeah , this adjustment will never happen . 
  if it would happen factory workers in germany would make 6k a month lol . 
  people are opposed to it if it means we just send money south and hope for the best . 
  with proper institutions and oversight over national budgets this might work . 
  but whenever it comes to that people cry about sovereignity . 
  oh and germany actually has much more experience than most nations with transfers like this . 
  we wasted a trillion on eastern germany and basically didnt get shit for it . 
  hence people are sceptical of this and wonder why the hell it should work for southern europe . 
  nor does the guy you quoted if he thinks a trade surplus is just sitting on some goverment account , waiting to be used . 
   is n't it a mathematical certainty that the greeks will not be able to pay when the current deal needs to be rolled over ? 
  there really is no mathematical certainity like that in economics . 
  but in practice its basically impossible for greece to pay their debts , yes . 
  then again if the objective is a grexit , this isnt much of a problem . 
  they will care about what happens after all critical press has been silenced properly and erdogan can take the next steps to follow the vision of his idol putin . 
  this is pretty ridiculous , no wonder that turkey is so far down the list on the press freedom ranking . 
  this is basically a blood feud by a supposedly modern nation . 
  it would lower the standards on both sides , actually . 
  companies could always pick the lower standard for whatever they sell . 
  thats one of the most idiotic aspects of the whole thing : everybody but the companies loses . 
  yes , but they also have a time limit . 
  and most of the time a loan that is due will be replaced by a new loan . 
  this might work if the reason for the original loan gives you a long term benefit . 
  but since paying back loans is increasingly rare , we have to assume that a loan we take now will cost us interests for at least several decades and several consecutive loans . 
  its part of greece problem ; they cant refinance old loans because their interest rates exploded . 
  the main problem is that interest might go up again before you pay off your debt . 
  thats the problem here : nobody actually pays of debts anymore . 
  so chances are the loan you 'd take now would be extended via new loans for decades . 
  it would make sense to borrow now if we would have a realistic perspective to pay of the loans within 5 to 10 years , but most nations dont have this perspective . 
  and i dont think anybody dares making any predictions about the interest rates in 10 years . 
  thats an internal vote that isnt worth anything . 
  the actual decisions are made by a handful of party leaders behind closed doors , the cattle gets to confirm what the leadership wants to feel better . 
  german media likes portraying the absurdities of us politics like trump . 
  its cheap clicks for them . 
  hell the spiegel gave trump [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/index-2016-5.html ) frontpage a few weeks ago . 
  its really quite silly how much attention this clown gets . 
  he 'd probably enjoy it if he 'd give a shit about german media . 
   i never said that either . 
  you implied that failing to implement reforms is bad . 
  that there is no hope without reforms . 
  that basically means reforms are automatically a good thing . 
   and if one of the largest members of the eu ca n't spur reforms , what hope is there ? 
  what makes you think that cameron actually had a perfectly objective and rational proposal that was so good that everybody should have accepted it ? 
  reform is an empty word that is easily abused for one persons political agenda . 
  calling a proposal a reform doesnt automatically make it a good idea . 
   david cameron went round begging every eu country to repatriate powers with a referendum scheduled . 
  he went around demanding that everybody bends over for him .
