  right now just about every european nation choses a dumb way , i dont see any intelligent policy happening . 
   you ca n't just say that they 're all equally bad i am not saying they are equaly bad . 
  i am saying that economic status , social backround and other factors are more important than which religion somebody follows . 
  i am also saying that highly religious people can be dangerous regardless of religion , check the links for examples from `` peaceful '' religions . 
  it makes much more sense to prioritise well educated people with minimal religious interest rather than say `` x religion is allowed to come in , y must stay out '' no matter what . 
  i 'd give an educated muslim doctor a visa over a buddhist fanatic any day . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-34421417 or buddhists ? 
  http://america.aljazeera.com/opinions/2015/2/myanmars-buddhist-terrorism-problem.html every single religion has people like this . 
  no exceptions . 
   would it be in the us interest to have a weak eu ? 
  a strong eu would be a counterweight to the us power in the west . 
  it would split the west which goes against the us interests , but not necessarily against eu interests . 
  it would take away the us monopoly on whatever they call freedom and democracy and weaken their moral position even further , making it harder to coerce others into following their lead . 
  a strong eu would also not nearly be as us friendly as some eu countries . 
  right now the us can talk some eu countries into supporting even the most absurd of their military adventures . 
  a strong eu might stay out of this completely , leaving the us without a natural partner that increases the credibility of their military adventures . 
  then go ahead and answer the question : what if somebody got lured into religion early , radicalized and preached a draconic version of islam got out of it ? 
  would you still say that this person cant be allowed to leave this behind and that his radical past must be online for everybody to see ? 
  germany gets very limited legal migration anyway . 
  highly educated migrants are rarely a problem , regardless of religion . 
  because education typically counteracts the worst crap religions come up with . 
  it doesnt matter if a doctor is a jew , a muslim or a christ . 
  our problem is that mutti merkel decided to take in legions of uneducated morons . 
  but filtering migration by religion is completely ridiculous . 
  i dont want any highly religous people in my country , regardless of religion . 
  would you still think the same if it was the other way a round and a former nutjob got out of this , but would still get into trouble because pictures of him being a radical preacher were still around ? 
  never going to happen . 
  we need to screw over these franchise systems locally . 
   youre just used to it . 
  speed limits , seatbelts , driving under the influence laws etc. 
  all ` screwed with society ' . 
  because seatbelts are comparable to mass surveilance , prism and the violation of human rights the us commit by holding people in secret prisons without a formal charge . 
  right . 
  those damn seatbelts . 
  the point is : unlike the balkan that only suffered a short war , the middle east is basically in a permanent state of shit . 
  we `` liberated '' the iraq 13 years ago , its still fucked up to a point where we grant iraqis asylum in europe . 
  so ; what makes you think that the regions these people come from will magically become safe within a few years ? 
  because in 8-10 years at most , all of those `` refugees '' will be able to get citizenship in europe . 
  do you really think that once they have citizenships , a good life in one of the most wealthy regions of the world , and possibly a family here , they will just pack up and return to a pile of rubble ? 
  really ? 
  how does fault change anything ? 
  does it really make you feel better if you are out for groceries with your daughter and she gets run over by a car and dies than if she 'd die to a bomb ? 
  would you really accept it if the driver goes `` lol i 'm not a terrorist , chill , just make a new kid or something '' ? 
  i am not saying we shouldnt fight terrorist . 
  i am saying we should go crazy about it and destroy our own society over it . 
   but we must n't let fear consume us . 
  exactly !, 
   in all honesty and this would by my personal opinion obviously is if we just blow the entirety of the middle east up with no survivors . 
  what ? 
  the point is that we dont screw our society to prevent car accidents , why should we screw it to prevent something thats orders of magnitude less dangerous ? 
   witnessing how multi-culturalism failed in western europe , and how the west wanted the ee/v4 to share this failure , are you really that surprised that they wanted none of it ? 
  i am not surprised about it . 
  its understandable to a certain degree . 
  i am just amused that the people that supported their migration policies now victimise greece . 
  because ee 's migration policies havent exactly helped greece . 
  and its quite obvious that ee first and foremost wants to help itself , even if this comes at the cost of screwing greece ( or any other european partner ) . 
  so ; why are people surprised that this happens ? 
  why should they help greece ? 
  ee has always made it clear that they will not do anything that encourages more migrants to come . 
  thats why they dont want the quota and thats why they wont help greece . 
  in fact greece getting fucked helps them a lot . 
  it means that either the west realizes this is a threat to europe as a whole that can destroy countries and makes sure to stop the migration . 
  or it means we drop greece and cut them off , which means its no longer a european problem and only greece will get fucked . 
  either way ee doesnt get any more migrants which is what they wanted from the start . 
  supporting greece would be stupid from their point of view . 
  i mean ee/v4 made their stance clear from the start . 
  they werent some band of heroes ressisting german leftist oppression , they were out for themselves from the very beginning . 
  so screwing over greece shouldnt really surprise anybody . 
  it suits their agenda perfectly . 
  thats the point . 
  the iraq is still a shithole 10 years after it was `` liberated '' . 
  we didnt even start liberating syria yet . 
  how long would it take from now on until syria is safe ? 
  10 years ? 
  20 years ? 
  in 8-10 years , every `` refugee '' in germany that isnt a complete moron will receive german citizenship . 
  none of those people will ever leave europe again . 
  we will have to deal with all of them permanently . 
  shhhhh , you make them nervous . 
  surprise anschluss is the best anschluss . 
  you realize that this is manipulation right ? 
  using personal popularity to produce a us friendly result of the referendum would be completely inacceptable . 
  they will never go back anyway . 
  the war in iraq is long over and we still get iraqis today . 
  once syria is safe again , all of those `` refugees '' will have eu citizenships and will not leave paradise for a pile of rubble . 
  you can get good quality fruits if you look for it though . 
  i personally dont care because i am lazy , but i know where to go for quality fruits or even basic stuff like organic food . 
  greece gets fucked . 
  europe gets additional leverage for a grexit . 
  yeah , i hope this guy get a very generous compensation for this . 
  even the accusation of rape will make it very difficult to get a job . 
  so money would at least help him build a life again . 
  no , you are missing the point . 
  the choice is here now . 
  technology has given us options we didnt have before . 
  you cant go back to a medieval society and pretend you 're having a good life . 
  you have to adapt to our current world . 
  and thats a world where men and women can make choices rather than be forced into certain roles in their family . 
   yet we would be outraged if turkey were to wage open war in syria . 
  i certainly wouldnt be outraged .
