  on top of that : the western allies needed germany . 
  if germanies economy would fail , it would not be a good line of defense against the evil commies . 
  again he was not leading the negotiations anyway . 
  he was replaced because people didnt like to work with him a while back . 
  but you 'd think that there would be enough work for a damn minister of finance in greece right now . 
  i mean whether he likes it or not , they might have to organise a new currency soon . 
  so in this critical moment he just leaves ? 
  its not like it changes anything for the negotiations . 
  the eurogroup still cant give in to the greek demands because that would open the flood gates for spain , italy , etc. 
  but why does he resign completely ? 
  the delegation for the talks with the eu/ez was already changed a while back and he isnt the head negotiator anyway . 
  meanwhile , its very important for greece to have their political structures in order right now . 
  the decisions made in the next few weeks will basically determine greece fate for decades . 
  and in this crucial moment where stability is needed , he leaves his post ? 
  just like that ? 
  it really smells like he knows that greece is going to shit and he wants his name out of the news for when it happens . 
  there is no battle though . 
  the ez has a very simple objective : do not give in to the demands of a left wing goverment no matter what . 
  sure syriza can spin that story and demonize the eu , but it wont matter outside of greece . 
  yeah thats how i did it in kindergarten . 
  damn i greatly disliked the guy . 
  but it turns out he isnt merely incompetent and delusional , he is also a coward . 
  goddamn it almost looked sensible until point 6 . 
  once and for all : ** nobody in germany wants to give greece any more money . 
  ** fucking populist have to learn that creditor countries get to have a democratic opinion as well . 
  why not ? 
  if it means that nations unsure about their own economic situation wont take the euro because they perceive it as a risk , its perfectly fine . 
  on top of that : if greece collapses and leaves the euro and possibly the eu we 'll get a precedent of what happens if you dont agree to austerity programs and reform demands . 
  its going to keep some of the other southern nations in line . 
  now this whole situations isnt nice by any means , but it does offer quite a few benefits for germany . 
  well in theory you could try to fix him up and resocialise him . 
  but even in germany , these kind of people sometimes just get good old * sicherheitsverwahrung * aka they wont ever be free again . 
  well greece will default now . 
  so its not like we get a choice in the matter . 
  greece will most likely call all debts void and issue a new currency to deal with the faullout of doing so . 
  greece is done . 
  holding a referendum that would bust an imf deadline was game over for greece . 
  now they will have to build a future without the euro . 
  i am mostly annoyed that its not possible to discuss these things because human rights is such a red flag for so many people . 
  i mean a lot of human rights are ignored in practice anyway , but we still have to pretent everything is fine and cant have a civilized discussion about the whole thing . 
  yeah a crime is not a crime because the police didnt catch the criminal , sure . 
  greece never earned the right to get that currency , they cheated . 
  while sad , you have to admit that schadenfreude is a funny word !, 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  i for one agree with the no vote , especially if it means greece leaves the euro and the eu behind . 
  now we can write off the loans , help out with basic things like medical supplies and food and the greeks get to do what they want to do . 
  its going to suck alright , but its what they want and i dont think its as bad for the rest of europe in the long term . 
  greece is screwed either way alright . 
  which is the point . 
  what the hell is vman `` celebrating '' ? 
  this isnt even incompetence anymore . 
  this is straight up losing the grip on reality . 
  most likely . 
  even though syriza would like everybody to believe otherwise . 
  okay , how do you know where they got on the boat ? 
  after all , they wont tell you since they know they 'd be sent back if they do . 
  and you have to know for sure because you cant send them to a random country at the north african coast . 
  so what you 're saying is that it doesnt matter where they come from , we just send them back to a random north african country because there is a chance thats where they came from ? 
  there was a very nice deal between italy and lybia a while back . 
  not sure why it ended but it would have been over anyway once france and the uk felt like roleplaying the us and bombing lybia for great justice or something . 
  how do you know where they come from ? 
  its not like they will tell you . 
  the main problem is the hypocrisy . 
  nobody wants to pay anything to keep these refugees , yet nobody wants them to be executed on the beach . 
  basically : human rights cost money . 
  pay the fucking money or stop pretending you care about human rights . 
  you dont understand what it means to be in the eu . 
  you cant just shuffle the privileges and burdens around whenever you feel like it . 
  you are in the eu , you accepted the rules when you joined . 
  the rules say you help out the southern countries with their refugee problem . 
  the worst decision any european politician made recently was tsipiras decision to hold a referendum and vote on an offer that will be off the table by the time the referendum is held . 
  because , regardless of the referendum outcome , greece is basically fucked . 
  probably having some surgeries done in greece . 
  after all a lot of medical surgeries are so much cheaper in europe that its easily worth flying here , feeding a bunch of greeks for a year and fly back to the us . 
  its quite simple . 
  for example ( random numbers ) : greece had to pay 10 % interest to get a free market loan . 
  the ez gave greece a loan with 3 % interest . 
  that 7 % difference in interest is the effective amount of money that the ez spend on greece . 
  and yes that is direct spending , not a loan . 
  really ? 
  because i dont see france giving up its aircraft carrier `` because uk already has one and we dont need two '' . 
  when it comes to military affairs , there is still a lot of pride in the way . 
  and on top of that : are nations like france and the uk really willing to basically give germany a veto against their military operations ? 
  because thats what would eventually happen if you go for a full integration . 
  you know the best way to `` defy the corporate empire '' is to not take their loans . 
  which means that they are actually responsible . 
  guess we should increase their quota a bit . 
  while i usually like increasing cooperation in europe , i dont see why we need an integrated military . 
  i mean what would this actually be used for ? 
  he is a populist that got elected . 
  he failed to get anything done so now he gets desperate and does whatever could somehow helps his cause ( which is to make himself look good ) . 
  i mean have you seen the last few interviews that were posted here ? 
  the guy is basically completely mad/delusional at this point . 
  i guess after years of negotiations positions were kind of hardened . 
  the ez nations knew it would be next to impossible to sell another bailout package to their voters unless greece would suffer a bit to make it look like they 'd do something on their end as well . 
  so they tried some shady shit to prevent the report from getting out as it would weaken their position and make it harder to get greece to agree to the suffering quota which they needed to sell further bailouts . 
  the whole thing is kind of silly . 
  the irony is that i just called him out for his blame game ( `` vultures '' ) . 
  but we can start the obligatory wwii discussion if you feel like it ? 
  everything has limits .
