  the video itself is probably a good idea . 
  get that running on social media and its going to help to reduce illegal immigration . 
   ( which does n't permit for caps on refugee acceptance ) this simple fact alone means this convention is useless . 
  things like this have to be bulletproof . 
  you cant plan rules for best case scenarios . 
  which is probably one of the reasons that nobody gives a shit about this convention anymore . 
  wouldnt that be all the more reasons to recruit and possibly train these people in our own countries ? 
  because honestly : you cant just make a religion vanish , but you can try to adapt the religion to fit into the culture , rather than the other way around . 
  its fine , you dont have to buy filthy german wannabe premium cars . 
  i 've heard seat is really good and skoda is said to be really cheap . 
  well , mostly it is about quality . 
  but thats the point , beyond all ecological crap , the car doesnt perform as promised . 
  a lack of performance is kind of incompatible with the implication of quality that comes from `` made in germany '' . 
  the problem is not just the programme . 
  its that vw lied . 
  the cars can not perform as promised while maintaining low emissions . 
  which means vw either cant maintain the low emissions , or cant maintain the promised power of the engine . 
  since emissions standards are obligatory , vw would have to reduce the engines output or outright replace engines or emission filters . 
  either way they sold a product that doesnt perform as promised . 
  yeah that helps a lot . 
  `` its all good girl , he didnt rape you because of his religion , he was just horny '', 
  dude , you are justifying and marginalising rape . 
  its really time to shut the fuck up . 
  we also dont gas jews anymore . 
  some people are able to learn . 
  now its time for those refugees to learn . 
  neither is the ceo or the board of directors . 
  in the end its probably volkswagens us leadership thats going to the bastille for this . 
  winterkorn might fall over this as well , but his positions seems a hot seat anyway . 
  vw is obviously guilty and will pay billions , but you are fucking nuts to think that this is a worse issue than an oil spill . 
  vw will not pay 18 billion . 
  thats the maximum amount possible by some measures . 
  vw will at most pay a few billions . 
  and honestly , a few billions dont mean shit . 
  the actual damage is the reputation loss for both vw and diesel engines in the us . 
  ehh , vw is owned mostly by 2 families . 
  they want dividends alright , but they arent speculating with the shares as much and do care about long term stability . 
  thats crap . 
  germany did in fact fly out locals that supported the nato efforts . 
  i am not sure why those people didnt get a visa , but its not like everybody was left behind . 
  honestly : its quite possible that these people were in fact not in any direct danger ( at least not any more than other afghans ) and simply use the momentum of the mass migration to get to europe . 
  eh the chances of those tanks ever seeing action are close to zero . 
  putin got the buffer he wanted , he never wanted to march on berlin or even warsaw . 
  would be good to get proper assault rifles though . 
  actually , it is a good example . 
  the breivik case in particular lead to local politicians speak up against fearmongering and hatred , against mass surveilance too afaik . 
  this is how competent politicians defend our values , even in the face of those that dont share them and commit monstrous crimes . 
  meanwhile the us got drunk on populism and started wars that would kill hundreds of thousands of peope in the name of american freedom . 
  they gave in to fear and paranoia and at the end of the day all they accomplished is a mountain of corpses . 
  there was a guardian article on the weekend that had a picture of 3 women and a child for their headline . 
  considering the demographics of the refugees , thats just manipulative . 
  it seems this wasnt the first time that the guardian tried to push their agenda with staged or at the very least cherry picked pictures either . 
  you dont go batshit insane because you could die from a lightning strike or a traffic incident any time . 
  dying because of a terrorist attack is just as unlikely , even if one does happen in europe . 
  actually , it is a reason to do so . 
  at least a reason to completely rethink our current asylum procedures . 
  right now the german asylum policy is basically : we take you if you are from the right place and can afford the trip . 
  oh you are poor or cant travel ? 
  well go rot in the hellhole you come from then . 
  a practical asylum policy needs an upper limit . 
  because once we have a clear number we can take per year , we can actually go to these nations and help directly . 
  rather than relying on existing obstacles to filter the refugee stream for us while we hope that enough people die on the way or dont try to migrate so we dont have to take more than we can handle . 
  yeah people that try to burn down a future refugee center like this are likely nazis . 
  even if not they are criminals . 
  drawing the conclusion that we have to stop taking refugees to stop arson attacks and outright terrorism is ridiculous , regardless of your opinion on migration . 
  all things considered , they probably sell at a loss if turned in france . 
  well of course is the price different !, 
  no true frenchman would buy a pillow with a netherlands flag on it . 
  so in your book commiting crimes and outright terrorism is a viable means of politics ? 
  you know , you sound like some of the worst islamist radicals . 
  right down to the delusions of grandeur and the revolutionary crap . 
  literally the australian solution . 
  you realise that appeasing nazis by not taking in imigrants is like appeasing radical islamist by having all women wear burkas ? 
  at the end of the day terrorist are terrorist , doesnt matter what their ideology is . 
  the majority was in favor of taking in refugees before any significant amount of refugees arrived . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  i dont give a damn who didnt listen to whom . 
  everybody that burns a building is a criminal and belongs behind bars , regardless of citizenship . 
  then you realise that he is from the ukraine which is not a high income country and next to belarus with comparably low prices . 
  increasing the prices wont do much . 
  just make sure people cant smoke in restaurants and at work , and smoking will decline eventually . 
  if most member states would really want to change that policy , they probably could . 
  but even germany would argue against changing this policy as the german goverment defacto abadons it for themselves . 
  its like talking about migration without facing mass migration . 
  everybody is a said until they have to work for it . 
  a lot of people actually did say they want germany to take a lead in the eu in the last few months and years . 
  you know that having somebody lead means the rest has to follow ? 
  write them a strongly worded letter . 
  they will throw it away without realising the irony . 
  how the fuck does the guardian manage to get a picture with 3 women and a child in the foreground when 80 % of those refugees are supposedly male adults ? 
  i dont know what kind of world you live in . 
  but if somebody says `` we will keep all the people you dont want and wont send them back to you '' , every politician in the balkan area will basically shrug and be like `` ok , have them all '' . 
  its not like orban and friends tried to hide the fact that they dont want these people on their soil . 
  guess merkel found yet another neuland . 
  sometimes people interpret things you say in a way that benefits them . 
  well she doesnt have any plan . 
  so she just tries out things and waits what happens . 
  guess this didnt work out . 
   if they go back to germany what will you do ? 
  make them aware of the fact that they dont really have money and their food and bed is in hungary or w/e .
