  and here i thought you wanted a * more * reliable partner , not a less reliable one . 
  never stop a politician when he is about to make an idiot out of himself in public . 
  so , no . 
  and how would that be different from our deal with turkey ? 
  it would just be another `` turkey deal '' , just with another nation . 
  thats why this guy is so full of shit : he has no clue what to do either . 
  sure we can make more deals like the one with turkey , but that doesnt even change the fact that we will still depend on nations to make deals with . 
  alright then , name 3 countries that are more reliable partnerts than turkey for this . 
  the smoke would without a doubt violate enviromental regulations . 
   while his other views are qute convincing , here he really should have admitted that he 's got no clue on where to deposit the migrants . 
  there is no nauru in the mediterranean . 
  the problem is that everything he says relies on something that doesnt exist . 
  the turkey deal is as close to an australian solution as europe will ever get . 
  turkey is our nauru . 
  unless he plans to threaten north african states with invasions if they dont take refugees in and prevent them from reaching europe , there is really not much we can do . 
  what is there to agree with ? 
  he literally has no clue . 
  he says he should copy the australian model . 
  we did , we send refugees back to turkey just like australia sends them back . 
  thats a good speech , a shame that it didnt work ( or did it ? 
  the us , france and the uk are allied with significantly worse cunts than gaddafi . 
  so i think you got this wrong . 
  nobody looks to the us for * moral * leadership lmao . 
  other nations just like it if you pay for their defence . 
   i 'd still go to egypt . 
  egypt has an arguably worse regime than turkey to be honest . 
  i mean , if they do leave , the eu has absolutely no reason to give the uk yet another special deal . 
  which means they can either take the eea , or they can completely cut ties with the eu . 
  shows how stupid erdogans gang actually is . 
   also , if britain is treated as a pariah after leaving , it will only bolster and enrage euroskeptics . 
  it would be incredibly stupid . 
  except for the part where other eurosceptics also vote to leave and nobody will oppose integration anymore . 
  glorifying the past is a popular activity . 
  afaik there was recently a celebration of the ottoman conquest of constantinople and they turned it into a giant erdogan celebration . 
  building credibility by setting up a narrative of acting in line with historic personalities and whatnot . 
   whereas there is no strict definition on what constitutes genocide afaik , the un has a clear cut definition for it . 
  this isnt a domestic issue . 
  well he certainly believes into a very strong interpretation of free will . 
  this kind of interpretation is in my opinion contradicted by the very existance of plugs and advertising in general . 
  also : religion , politics , marketing , etc. 
  i bet he would categorically deny the existance of something like plugs/covered advertising . 
   words are not the cause of an action of another individual acting under their own free will . 
  yes they are . 
  charismatic persons can move the masses to achieve things . 
  there are countless examples for it too . 
  from hitler , to obamas change campaign , to the video of the haward student speech from a few days ago , to things like hate preachers that recruit cannonfodder for isis in europe and the us . 
  this happens . 
  now the question is : how should we handle it ? 
  but denying that a speech can be a cause of action for others is ignorant . 
  but if you are using the companies services in france , why should it not pay taxes there ? 
  like every other company that wants to sell its services in france ? 
  i mean it really doesnt matter why you get killed . 
  if anything the only relevant measurement would be something like `` chance to get killed by criminals/terrorist/etc while going about your business , per day '' . 
  you should pick the fattest ones you can find so their corpses will shield you from the blast . 
  i mean we also take crime as a given to some degree . 
  doesnt mean that we arent working on minimizing it . 
  the ez is too dependant on one another to let everybody do whatever they want . 
  a common currency needs certain political mechanisms to avoid problems like the greek debt screwing everybody . 
  sooner or later , this means fiscal transfers and sharing debt by issuing ez bonds rather than german/greek/french / etc bonds . 
  that doesnt mean everybody has to agree to this though . 
  it just means that everybody that doesnt agree has to leave the ez . 
  putin isnt any more hostile than erdogan . 
  this kind of crap isnt helpfull , but its not effective either . 
  my point still stands : russia will not invade eu or nato members like they invaded the ukraine . 
  the fact that putin tries the kind of things you mentioned isnt a sign of strength , its a sign of weakness . 
  if putin could challenge the eu or nato militarily , he would do it . 
  we have no reason to assume that putin is able or willing to directly mess with the eu . 
  if anything his work in the ukraine shows that he is afraid to engage the eu and nato directly and focuses on preventing non aligned nations from joining them . 
  alright then . 
  a simple question : how much should europe spend for these sanctions ? 
  they already cost us money , targeting the energy market will cost us a lot of money . 
  how do you think should we invest into this ? 
  are you also against hungarian and italian politics ? 
  afaik they want to get rid of the sanctions as well . 
  they came for money . 
  as it turns out , employement helps with that . 
  so whats your argument ? 
  you can bring people to court for a lot of random shit . 
  it doesnt mean anything if they are found to be not guilty . 
  they are constantly disrespected for being a woman , they will get used to it . 
   why the fuck are employers supposed to be able to dictate what the employees wear ? 
  they are in fact allowed to do so to a certain degree . 
  you can in fact be fired from a bank if you are working with customers and come to work with a beach clothing every morning while your employer demands business clothing . 
   i await for the moment when wearing a cross will be banned from work . 
  oh wait , it wo n't , and if someone asks to then you will be the first to oppose it . 
  its not about which symbol you display , its about how you display it . 
  if a job has regulations against jewelry , you might not be allowed to wear a cross chain or necklace . 
  if hygiene regulations make wearing a headscarf impractical or impossible , the company cant do anything about it . 
  feeling offended because your employer has to follow laws and regulations and cant allow you to do whatever you want is stupid . 
  refusing to work because she feels offended should justify an instant termination of her contract though . 
  so the company should be fine . 
  i dont see the problem . 
  refusing to come to work should be enough of a reason for a ( legally ) bullet proof termination . 
  problem solved . 
  they probably have enough money to afford drugs that dont kill you and remain functional . 
  that really depends on your understanding of critical . 
  if you have actual arguments in a discussion , you should be fine , even in germany . 
  if you just randomly go off and shit on people for no other reason than being muslims , you might get trouble . 
  but then again , that has very little to do with being critical . 
   i like poland .
