  there is no way in hell this is true . 
  the us only had one major terrorist attack . 
  pretty sure more than half of the mena countries have lost more citizens to terrorists than the us . 
  you really do live on an island lmao . 
  why does that even matter ? 
  you look at this from a purely political point of view . 
  thats not whats important though . 
  the point is we can do this if we want to . 
  you shouldnt look at this like a politician that thinks about how they can manipulate the stupid voting cattle into supporting their shit . 
  at the end of the day , the population should decide the general direction of politics . 
  the current consensus is that the eu doesnt need to be a us style world police . 
  should that ever change , the eu would very easily be capable of matching and surpassing the us influence . 
  if only because our total population is much larger . 
  the eu wants it done , and the uk is smart not to delay it forever and annoy the people they want to negotiate with . 
  lybia was an embarassment and arguably a failure until the us stepped in to save the project at least somewhat . 
  the eu is what it wants to be at the moment . 
  unlike basically everybody else ( except for the us ) the eu could become a global power by merely deciding to be one . 
  cant talk about the us , but we should indeed ban it in the eu . 
  as / u/jannejm said , let them decide it themselves if they are old enough . 
  dont let parents force this onto their children . 
  if it causes psychological problems , some insurance services do in fact pay for cosmetic surgery . 
  but thats decided on a case by case basis and requires input from a psychologist . 
  i mean arguably , thats also the base for paying for gender reassignments . 
   so a child burning off half their face can not have cosmetic surgery ? 
  seems a tad unfair do n't you think ? 
  restoring something isnt cosmetic . 
  medical isnt just about fixing mechanical problems . 
  a child with a half burned face could get it fixed for psychological reasons alone . 
  which would be a medical reason . 
  its not about motivation , its about effects . 
  body modification of children should only be allowed if necessary for medical reasons . 
  what are they going to do about it ? 
  the eu can not allow a member state to slowly disassemble democratic institutions . 
  if the eu stays silent about this , it only loses influence and paves the way for this kind of shit in other nations . 
  its absurd that we invade countries because they arent democracies , but are afraid to defend democratic values at home . 
  we are around 200k right now . 
  and even this might be more than we need . 
  equipment , training , experience and good organisation are all far more important than raw manpower . 
  the nato told him he is on his own if he goes out of his way to cause trouble and attacks russian forces in syria or something like that . 
  the nato still protects turkey . 
  if russia would have decided they have enough of his shit and attack turkey , the nato would have reacted . 
  of course do you like it . 
  the 2 gay powerrangers are irresistible , arent they ? 
   we dont want lgbt here , and this our right not as a member of the eu . 
  then again there is a simple way of fixing that . 
   that is your beloved saddam baath . 
  i have no love for any dictator . 
  but that doesnt change the fact that the west cant save the world . 
  we had no business in iraq . 
  the iraq war was overall really damn bad . 
  hell i 've seen the argument that the war in iraq and the us blatant disregard for the un is one of the reasons for russias and chinas more agressive policies in recent years . 
  because the us have shown that you can ignore the un , lie to everybody and get away with a war of aggression without any relevant consequences . 
  not really . 
  banks are very much capable of giving loans without goverment backing . 
  they simply dont have to and can go for much more high risk gambles because they know the goverment will bail them out no matter what . 
  this has to change . 
   quite an easy thing to type on a keyboard , actually doing it tho . . just like its quite easy for a wannabe revolutionary to say that the west should help them . 
  sure the west should help , but they must do it perfectly . 
  half done help or imperfect help isnt good enough . 
  the west must kill the evil dictator , then build a perfect democracy . 
  if anything goes wrong , its obviously the wests fault . 
   there 's something a bit strange about there being an inherent causus belli against dictatorships , when ( almost ) all the democracies in question went to war against the wishes of the people yeah , thats an irony few people understand . 
  the west had no moral high ground whatsoever in iraq . 
  the war was populist bullshit started by greedy and corrupt politicians for their own sake . 
  blair and bush didnt give a shit about the iraqis . 
   i have iraqi shia friend from najjaf , now living in baghdad . 
  as far as us invasion is concerned he says `` good idea , fucked up everything afterwards of course does he say that . 
  the only person that could even potentially benefit from the invasion was him . 
  he says that for purely egoistical reason . 
  its understandable , but it doesnt make the invasion any less of a stupid idea . 
  the west can not play world police on its own , especially not against the will of its own population . 
  we have to accept that the world is shit and we cant fix it on our own , and nobody can ask that of us . 
  if the iraqis wanted a revolution , they should have started one . 
  they should take their fate into their own hands . 
  just like the citizens of the countless other dictatorships and pseudo democratic shitholes . 
  thats fine , we also pretend the saudis are sunshine and rainbows . 
  got ta stick to your own bullshit . 
   many many modern men can not meet requirements they cant meet the requirement because they dont want to . 
  which is my points , genetics and biology dont make you magically competent . 
  chances are few women would actually be able to meet the requirements , but thats not the point . 
  why should a woman not be allowed to serve if she does in fact meet the requirements ? 
  this is not a pc crusade either . 
  i am pretty sure being a soldier is very unpopular these days and the military cant afford to send capable women away if they want to join . 
  biology doesnt mean shit . 
  at the end of the day , motivation and discipline matters hell of a lot more for a soldiers performance . 
  these arent super special special forces that actually have to go to their physical limits . 
  if a woman meets the requirements , why deny her the service ? 
  if the requirements arent set properly , then set them properly . 
  its quite simple : you set the minimum performance to what you need . 
  simple and pragmatic anybody that meets these minimum gets in . 
  there is no reason to discriminate by gender , all that matters is actual performance and a motivated woman is a better soldier than a lazy guy . 
  above 2 meters , you also get medical problems . 
  pretty sure he suffered a lot because of his size . 
   how do staff become eu ( a bureaucracy ) instead of just european ? 
  because the key point is that eu citizens working in the uk were told that they arent welcome anymore . 
  or at the very least perceive the referendum result as such . 
  so using eu is very much correct here . 
   it voted to leave because they felt their sovereignity was being taken away by bruxelles thats the actual reason , they * felt * like their sovereignity was taken away from them . 
  because thats the shit their politicians and media have fed them for years . 
  further political integration for at the very least the ez is unavoidable .
