  for once , his gun seems to have been a theater gun firing blankets . 
  somehow it was restored . 
  an obvious and perfectly reasonable response would be to tighten the rules for decomissioning guns . 
  it was obviously not decomissioned properly if it could be restored . 
  thats not a war of religions . 
  thats the same as north korea , regimes using ethnic and religious propaganda to exploit peoples fears and prejudice to improve their own position . 
  erdogan does it as well in turkey with his rethoric against kurds and armenians . 
  dictators need an enemy for the people and will use whatever they can as the enemy . 
  for a long time , jews were treated like this is europe too . 
  no we havent been at war . 
  terrorism isnt war . 
  in fact , terrorists want to make you believe that this is a war of religions . 
  but its not . 
  this `` disparity '' is an economic one , not a religious one . 
  by your logic we would be at war with hinduism too . 
  i mean he corrected somebodies false statement while he was on a gun rampage . 
  thats as german as it gets . 
  so he kinda has a point there . 
  isis will claim everything they can . 
  the people that give a damn about it wont notice inconsistencies like this anyway . 
  the problem is that people give in to the holy war shit actual terrorists spread . 
  it would actually be hilarious if it wouldnt be so sad . 
  but the people that want a war against islam the most are the radical islamists . 
  because most muslims are in fact not radicals . 
  but a war of religions would help the radicals to lure even moderates into their crap . 
  unfortunately too many people are too stupid to see that and get out the pitchforks whenever a criminal has the slightest bit of a muslim backround . 
   stop making excuses for assholes . 
  nobody makes excuses , but its important to understand the reasons . 
  and considering the general mood both on reddit and in general : it is interesting to see that this is called a gun rampage as opposed to terrorism . 
  if the guy would have had the slighest sliver of a muslim backround , people would call it terrorism just because of that , even if his backround didnt matter . 
  thats interesting to see because in my opinion , a lot of `` terrorist '' attacks really arrent terrorism . 
  interesting how even an irrelevant religious backround warps the perception and causes people to give in to the propaganda of islamist and speak of war . 
  when realistically , its just crime . 
  all they need is make it to greece/europe and that law alone should be enough to get asylum . 
  once they have asylum , they should have an easy time finding a job and ultimately settle in the eu . 
   a lot of people boycotted the presidency vote well then , its their own faul that erdogan is in power . 
  you dont get go complain about elections you didnt participate in . 
   it would go a long way if western europe did n't wave off poland 's , romania 's or the baltics ' insistence on having some semblance of international military presence as `` sabre-rattling '' to use a quote from mr steinmeier . 
  but it is sabre ratting . 
  a division of us troops in poland doesnt mean shit if the russians are actually going to invade . 
  its not going to do anything . 
  as you say yourself : modern militaries are first and foremost a deterrent . 
  it doesnt matter if the us have 5000 soldiers in poland or not , the real deterrent is the fact that they can have 100k in poland within weeks if the russians invade . 
  most notably ; even the oh so heroic us denied polands request . 
  let that sink in : the very people defending poland think its not worth deploying toy soldiers there to look menacing . 
  who are the polish to know better than the people that pay for their defence ? 
  you make a good point there , its a holy war in * their * eyes . 
  they * want * this to be a glorious holy war against the infidels . 
  realistically : its a bunch of failures , hopeless and decadent kids getting lured into a radical ideology by local preachers or radicalize themselves online . 
  they arent glorious warriors of allah , they are failures . 
  they arent fighting a holy war , they are bored suckers following the orders of losers that cant adapt to modern societies . 
  its actually pretty counterproductive if you use their own propaganda to describe them . 
  because it empowers them and makes it easier to recruit more people into their shit religion . 
  and we know how this works . 
  40 years ago , it wasnt islam , it was communism . 
  the failures and the decadent joined hard core left wing communities and some of them also descended into terrorism . 
  our leaders arent jumping ship right after campaigning for something because they know it wont work . 
  so we have that going for us . 
  as are the right , they use the same arguments that the islamists like , just from the other side . 
   his point is that freeloaders should finally do something about their militaries and spend money according to requirements of nato . 
  so who is a freeloader ? 
  germany doesnt need the nato , not at all . 
  we have a sizeable buffer between us and every possible enemy . 
  if you go by trumps own logic , only countries that need the us should care about their own military budget . 
  germany would never be attacked . 
  therefore , following trumps line of though , our military spending is irrelevant . 
  the countries that should increase their spending are direct neighbours of russia . 
  after all , they would be the ones asking for help and they would be the ones trump would look at to determine if they deserve help . 
  so why not get a healthy dose of realpolitik and reduce the german military budget ? 
  its not like poland will surrender to the russians just to get back at us . 
  the us arent a charity . 
  lets see : - the spending is not nato founding , its total military budget . 
  - a significant part of the us military budget is spend in the us and the pacific - virtually the entire defense budget of europe is used locally - the us dont spend that money on the defense of random people , they spend it on extending their influence - they do this because they have an absurd fetish for geopolitics , they cant imagine not being the only major power . 
  too bad being one isnt free . 
  people also didnt take him serious when he said he 'll run for president . 
  if the recent weeks and months have taught us anything , its that people are stupid as fuck . 
  the brexit referendum ( and its aftermath ) , the popular support for erdogan at the moment , the rubber banding of popular opinion regarding the refugees in europe , etc president trump is not impossible . 
  you didnt come up with a single actual argument other than `` doooooooom '' and you didnt answer any of my points either . 
  i really hope you are a paid troll . 
  if not , i am very sorry for you . 
   how come you 've never thought of this before ? 
  i mean all they do point in the same direction , i do n't know how hard you 'd have to misconstrue the message sent , to not get it . 
  public opinion is pretty open for far right ideas right now . 
  in germany , merkel could go full npd and it would be fine if she sells it well . 
  fringe parties get fucked in germany because people dont like fringe parties . 
  if merkel wantedto turn the country hard right , she would be able to do so without any secrecy . 
  hell she would probably become more popular doing so . 
  tl : dr : you are full of shit, 
  i mean you can read it once in a while in here , but i am still pretty sure its paranoid rambling . 
  there is really no need for hardcore right wing politicians to hide their loyalties . 
  its fairly possible to openly speak about most things short of firing up the ovens again . 
  merkel especially could go pretty far right and would please both her own party and a majority of the voters . 
  but she doesnt . 
  how would that even make sense if she is some super nazi ? 
   and if it is formally i legal , how is it possible that no western politician does n't strongly enough react ? 
  for the same reason we leave countries like saudi arabia alone to do as they please : its convenient to us . 
   i 'd rather be called a `` racist '' than be dead . 
  the fact that you put it like this means you probably are an actual racist though . 
  i mean the implication of your post is `` fight the foreigners/muslims or they will kill us '' . 
  well ...
