  racism has several shapes . 
  saying all muslims are barbarians is basically racist , even though muslims exist world wide . 
  it doesnt matter what the term technically meant once , it matters how its used . 
  and its use as i said above . 
  a lot of people are or were like that . 
  unfortunately , the absurdity of merkels refugee policy has polarized a lot . 
  a rational discussion about migration and refugees is quite hard now . 
  the right wing people that are `` totaly not nazis , but ... '' will constantly dig themselves deeper until they just repeat racist shit . 
  the left wing people will blame germans for not bending over and letting the refugees create an islamic state within germany . 
  which is ironic because if he really did say that , he jumped to conclusions as well . 
  the concluded that wearing shorts is immoral . 
  maybe we shouldnt jump to conclusions like that without any proof . 
  as weird as it sounds : it would help a lot if we didnt matyr those people for free . 
  the press paints these attackers like religious fanatics and creates a picture of a powerful lone wolf terrorist . 
  realistically : those people are often failures falling for the allures of radical preachers because nobody else in the world gives a shit about them . 
  we should really try to take them alive and show the world how pathetic these people and the beliefs that led them to do this are . 
  we should not allow them a `` glorious '' death in the name of a religion . 
  that only leads to more of these attacks . 
  sure its carthagic to see a terrorist like the one behind the nice attack die , but it will make the problem worse . 
  i personally would like to focus on preventing these attacks , not encouraging them . 
  at least this guy here was taken alive and can be dragged through the town to show everybody what a failure he is , so to speak . 
  well , now we know why putin is such a try hard wannabe dictator . 
  the guy is tiny , he is probably getting back at the schoolyard bullies that made fun of him by showing them what a boss he is . 
  his puppet medvedev and even fucking stalin and lenin were also dwarves . 
  the latter 3 are even smaller than merkel , who also isnt particulary tall even for a woman . 
  damn , i think we have a pattern here . 
  russians guys have rather extreme ways of dealing with being small . 
   how do you deter these people from doing what they 're doing well for once , you dont kill them . 
  you take them in , drag them in front of a court and take them apart piece by piece . 
  examine their motivations ( probably not the best ) , examine how they got into religions ( probably because they had literally nothing better to do ) , just break them down completely . 
  this way , you dont produce martyr . 
  hell once in a while , you might be able to break them down so thoroughly that they actually get out of their religious shithole . 
  that doesnt bring anybody back , but the best weapon against religious violence is showing how pathetic the people are that used violence for religious reasons , and if possibe make them realize this themselves and get out of their religion . 
  sure thats rare . 
  but even making sure you dont make a matyr out of every random failure that couldnt fix their shit lives and decided to do something that will get them attention for once in their pathetic existance is a step in the right direction . 
  because this is what they want . 
  they couldnt find a meaning to their life , so they tried to find one in their death , following the ideas of random propaganda shit they found online . 
  simply put : making it downright embarassing for hopeless shitters to try and go out with a bang will prevent future cases like this . 
  these kids have no idea what to do with their life , they are dragged into religion because its cool or it gives them meaning . 
  it sounds incredibly stupid , but making it embarassing for them might just help preventing violence . 
  these people arent robots , they do have some desires . 
  respect and acknowledgement is often important for them . 
  30 years ago and in a different society these shitters would have worn che guevara shirts and drifted into left wing extremism . 
  now they shout allah is great as they walk into their death . 
  take away the glory of doing this by taking them apart in court is hell of a lot more effective than giving them exactly what they want : a meaningfull death in the name of an idea . 
  these people are pathetic , lets not make them bigger than they are . 
   it 's possible to want to remove crime altogether without supporting totalitarian methods . 
  is it idealistic ? 
  sure . 
  its possible to want it , but its not possible to do it . 
  and wanting to do so can lead to ugly things . 
  so why chase an idea that is impossible to catch , rather than focus on a more realistic and differentiated approach to reducing crime ? 
  if somebody would have told you what happens right now , about one month ago , you would have said the same . 
  turkey is changing very fast at the moment . 
   it 's fair game for refugees to fight back because we apparently treat them like shit . 
  its pretty funny your left friends come up with shit like this while the right wing geniuses ala / u/compliancekid78 comes up with diamonds like  at this point it 's clear the government will not help - people ought to defend themselves . 
  they really are the same kind of morons , they just argue for the side that makes them feel better or is more socially accepted in their community . 
  yup , thats basically the problem . 
  ironically , france did weasel out of the recent refugee crisis . 
  but it was kind of too late for them anyway . 
  yeah , the idea that you can eliminate crime is stupid and dangerous . 
  any step to reduce crime should be weighted against the impact for human rights and general freedoms . 
  only focusing on reducing crime as much as possible without any regard for the impact of the measures taken is totalitarian . 
  even if you enjoy a good dictatorship , it will make your own life worse sooner or later . 
  once his power is consolidated like this , he will simply pull a putin and blame the west . 
  in fact , i am pretty sure turkey will follow russia model to the letter . 
  at least for a generation or so . 
  if erdogan keeps playing the muslim card , he will lose controll over the radicals sooner or later . 
   but why risk your own life to save a guy that attacks random people ? 
  thats your job . 
  arresting criminals so they can be judged is standard duty for police officers . 
  impromptu executions are not . 
  dont get me wrong , i respect police officers and they are very important . 
  but if they arent willing to put their life on the line , even for a criminal , they have the wrong job . 
  police isnt paid to kill people in self defence . 
  they are in fact being paid to go out of their way to ensure that people arent killed . 
  this includes criminals . 
  there is no way in hell that it was impossible to arrest a single person with an axe . 
  hey ... 
  people in power rarely give it up voluntarily , regardless of what happens around them . 
  nobody seriously argues this . 
  the only argument is that nukes cost money and that money could be saved or used for weapons you can actually use to defend your country . 
  cameron failed because the uk has very different reform ideas than just about everybody else . 
  without the uk , reforms will most likely be easier . 
   why should the police risk getting hurt , when they can simply shoot him while hes chargin at them ? 
  because they are police , they are or rather should be trained to deal with armed criminals without just killing them on sight . 
  i dont even blame the officers in question , but there is obviously something very , very wrong with the training of our police if they act like this . 
  and anyway , at which point is police allowed to kill in self defense ? 
  what if the attacker is unarmed , but huge and muscular ? 
  what if he has a small knife ? 
  a large knife ? 
  baseball bat ? 
  maybe a sword ? 
  honestly : in my opinion the police should be capable of disarming criminals carrying melee weapons . 
  if they arent , their training failed . 
  if this is all it takes for you to say your goverment has blood on its hands , i am not sure if there is any goverment in the world that doesnt . 
  technically , this is sort of useful for terrorists . 
  it gives them attention , rubbish or not , its still basically a memorial for a mass murderer . 
  there is a reason osama bin laden didnt get a grave . 
  and well , lets not talk about what it says about the people that `` contribute '' to this .
