  was reddit mean to you ? 
  you are right , it helps making sure we dont actually have to use our military . 
  so why spend more on it ? 
  what do we have to gain , objectively , from spending more on our military ? 
  this has nothing to do with the nato breaking apart . 
  again , what is better for the natos defense against russia : getting 1 % of the german gdp worth of military equipment , or getting nothing at all ? 
  you guys are just so hilariously stubborn and blind , its actually very amusing . 
   in addition it helped empower european governments ' influence in africa which is definitely a us interest . 
  ahahaha you really believe that , do you ? 
  lybias collapse wasnt good for europe , it didnt extend our influence . 
  if anything it was terrible because it took away a potential partner in africa and left a rogue state ruled by militias and gangs behind . 
  lybia was a mistake . 
  we should either have gone in 100 % and rebuid it ( which wouldnt have worked anyway because we already failed to do that in iraq and afghanistan ) or we should have simply stayed out and let them do their things on their own . 
  the end result would have been the same . 
  its completely ridiculous to say that the intervenition in lybia had any positive results at all for europe . 
   i mean ... why should the us be the primary guarantee of german , italian , or any other european independence ? 
  it 's annoying as all hell . 
  it shouldnt . 
  i actually wouldnt mind an increased military budget if there is a reason for it . 
  but right now there is no reason for it . 
  why spend our money if we dont have to ? 
  the us screw us over in many ways anyway . 
  i dont mind letting them pay for eastern europe defense against russia . 
  should the us ever change their policies , we can talk about organizing something on our own . 
  you are right , lybia was embarassing . 
  but lybia was very limited , if the us would have told france and the uk to shut up , the project would have been burried within days . 
  the us dragged europe into much longer and much nastier wars that were just as pointless as the operation in lybia . 
  thats a good argument , especially considering i didnt say anything nice about russia and i didnt say anything bad about our investment in the ukraine . 
  what i said above are simple facts : europe isnt heavily invested in the ukraine right now because we dont want to . 
  we have the means of doing more . 
  increasing the budget would be irrelevant for the ukraine . 
  pretty funny that you blame germany when the us , the uk and france arent doing much for the ukraine either . 
  defense against what though ? 
  the only nation in europe that is actively fighting is the ukraine . 
  neither the eu , nor the us are super heavily invested there because the local regime is fairly incompetent and corrupt . 
  sure we help them , but its not like we send in the boys ( and girls ) to crush some russians . 
  ultimately : a higher budget wouldnt mean more support for the ukraine . 
  and europe isnt significantly involved in any other wars right now . 
   many , many eu members have participated in libya , iraq , afghanistan . 
  because of us pressure and out of the desire to suck up to the us . 
  no eu nation would have gone to afghanistan without the us whining about it . 
  only a few ended up going to iraq and fisher blasted rumsfeld for his bullshit . 
  and then what ? 
  you realize its mostly safe , western nations not meeting that criteria ? 
  so what does the nato gain from kicking members that pay without taking anything away ? 
  i mean you can get 1 % of the german gdp or you can get zero . 
  germany wont give a damn . 
  it will do absolutely nothing to enforce this , if anything it will weaken the nato even further . 
  thats pretty cool . 
  having a nice lake/park within a city is always good . 
   a civilized soldier does n't exist , you 're asking them to perform the most uncivilized act there is and that 's to kill someone . 
  you can be a soldier and fight to defend your own people . 
  thats what a lot of the volunteers in iraq and syria are i guess . 
  its not nice , but i would argue that there is a civilized form or war . 
  in fact thats the reason why we can charge people for warcrimes , because they violated basic premisis of civilized warfare . 
   from there on out it 's a slippery slope in how far a human will go in those situations , when both sides are doing their best to kill the other . 
  you are right , it is a slippery slope . 
  that makes it all the more important to draw a line of whats acceptable and whats not . 
  barbarism like this changes people , and not for the better . 
   your projecting your values onto other people and their society . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  yes it does . 
  you can be a civilized soldier that kills is terrorists to protect your home . 
  or you can be a bloodthirsty sociopath that poses with corpses and cut off heads . 
  if you are the latter , you are just as bad as daesh and i hope you share their fate . 
  so acting like the is is fine if you just hate the enemy enough ? 
  lol . 
  you 'll take any opportunity to blame the refugee no matter what . 
  because the lawyer from your quote is at fault . 
  i mean for fucks sake , the guy is literally whining that his life is boring because he is waiting for some bureaucratic things to work out . 
  how entitled do you have to be to whine about a boring life when the country hosting him just saved his ass ? 
  i mean thats the point of asylum : surviving a war . 
  people like this are disgusting , they dont appreciate the work sweden puts into them and they just whine about trivial things . 
   i think it 's more complicate than `` syrians are just lazy '' true , they are also naive and believe in the land of milk and honey . 
  the guy is a freaking lawyer , from syria no less . 
  how the hell can he not know that bureaucracy can take a lot of time ? 
  its understandable that this is annoying , but if he doesnt want to live like an animal he can always go back to his family in turkey or whatever . 
  this is the commission though . 
  the parliament is at least slightly better . 
  it will pass . 
  people keep building the us vs eu strawman which is easy to tear apart . 
  the actual problem is national sovereignity vs corporate interests . 
  this is a little too hard to understand and doesnt make good headlines . 
  so ttip will be pushed through silently because its too complex to have a truly public discussion . 
  this isnt about eu vs us though . 
  its about national sovereignity vs corporate interests . 
  ttip will screw over the us just as much as the eu . 
   he does n't need to distance himself from it because his speech and policies have nothing to do with breivik and refugee assaulters . 
  so why does he demand that muslims distance themselves from daesh then ? 
  ( assuming this is true ) . 
  because if he did and we take your `` he doesnt have to '' argument . 
  this would mean that is implies every muslim is a daesh supporter . 
  merkel isnt left . 
  she is actually right in the center and willing to lean over a bit if public opinion allows it . 
  merkel did more in the last 10 years in office than what happened in the last 6 months . 
  yeah right , one of those rockets goes bad and half a continent is fucked . 
  damn , he was always the young one , looking much more healthy than most politicians . 
  54 really is too early to go , a shame . 
  rip, 
   do you really think that if merkel was not thinking beyond germany we 'd have this issue ?
