  yes europe has next to no power projection , but i explicitly mentioned defense above so i dont know why lybia would be relevant . 
  money doesnt mean * anything * europe can very much defend itself with its current military budgets . 
  there is simply no political will to use even the existing military forces . 
  whats the point of spending more on the military if its never used anyway ? 
  its much harder to work illegally in germany and some other parts of europe than the us . 
  germany actually has enough unqualified workers . 
  it will be hard for refugees to get this kind of work , companies will mostly prefer natives that work for the same ( minimum ) wage anyway . 
  thats not how it works , at least not in germany . 
  any of these `` refugees '' are 5-8 years away from a well paid job if they actually get themselves together and work hard . 
  and considering that most come here because of lies and rumors , few will be willing to accept this reality and get it done . 
  germany has no shortage of unqualified minimum wage slaves anyway . 
  for example : - make asylum temporary and rule out any chances for citizenship based on asylum and subsidary protection - no family reunion - no cash welfare and no choice of where to settle , possibly camps only, 
  to be honest : lybia desperately needs money . 
  and considering how screwed they are , it 'll be hell of a lot cheaper than the deal with turkey , even though they will probably need help to get it done . 
  no , asylum is typically granted because of either persecution or fleing from war . 
  if this is correct , austria eliminates the right to asylum for people fleeing from war . 
  which is the right decision to be honest . 
  it means you can still take people fleeing from war , but you dont have to and cant be extorted by ambitious foreign autocrats . 
  the us needed stability in europe . 
  they also needed europe to depend on them so it wouldnt get too friendly with the evil commies . 
  this wasnt charity , it was simple geopolitics . 
  simply put : the us wanted something from germany and the rest of western europe . 
  germany , france and the rest of the eu and ez dont need anything from greece and dont have much to gain from throwing money into the black hole that is the greek budget . 
  we could and should have left greece alone and forced a grexit a year ago . 
  unfortunately merkel did her signature 180 degree turn and gave in to a bailout that was pointless , if not outright destructive . 
  if greece wants to whine about it , they can go to their own goverment . 
  every creditor giving greece money after the shit show last year is a collosal moron that has less of a clue about economics than the guy above . 
  either that or they have non monetary motivations like the ez and most of greece remaining creditors . 
  there is no actual mechanism for defaults . 
  you just stop paying the bills and tell everybody to fuck off . 
  unfortunately , nobody gives up their demands as easily and things will get messy . 
  the only chance for greece is an official default that involves a debt cut in exchange for leaving the euro . 
  a lot of people said a default would have been the best ( realistic ) option a year ago . 
  hell back then greece could have made a deal to get a real , official default . 
  leave the ez in exchange for a total debt cut . 
  that would have been a mutually beneficial deal . 
  sure it would have been incredibly bad for greece for a couple of years . 
  but chances are this mess will end with a default anyway , but now everybody knows syriza is a joke that will do what the eu tells them to and greece has nothing left to bargain with . 
  just like everywhere else on reddit . 
  i am pretty sure every single default reddit for a larger region has this problem . 
  its part of reddit and you arent going to get rid of it without removing downvote buttons like some subs do . 
  esa requires nations to sign up for it . 
  if you feel like spending money on space exploration is a waste of money , go ahead and communicate that to your politicians . 
  appareantly your goverment doesnt agree with you though . 
  poland joined esa somewhat recently . 
  if it helps you : poland contributed a whole 30 million euro to esa 2015 . 
  that shouldnt break your budget . 
  ahh yes , it cant possibly end by simply losing votes and fading into obscurity . 
  guess cilvil war is inevitable . 
  if a party is this far gone , they usually can justify just about everything with tolerance . 
  in this case , being a muslim probably gave more victim points than being a woman . 
  will be interesting to see if the party gets punished for this by the voters . 
   is that really a reason to put refugees against pensioneers ? 
  there was actually a news a few months ago about this . 
  berlin tried to rent an old hotel for several years to house migrants . 
  the city would have paid ~ 1500 euro rent per head per month to house migrants in this building . 
  even politicians spoke up against this because its absolutely not possible to justify this kind of expense to the tax payers and voters . 
  and this is a viable concern . 
  you cant just hand out blanc checks for immigration while cutting expenses everywhere else . 
  imagine what would happen if germany would spend more on development aid for other nations than welfare for citizens . 
  the goverment would be fucking dead in a week . 
  that is the same situation , just on a larger scale . 
  so , enlightened one , tell me : how much of your income do you donate to charities ? 
  you talk big and ask others that are probably much poorer than you to share their wealth with migrants and refugees . 
  surely you devote most of you income to charity , you wouldnt dare to ask this from other without doing it yourself , right ? 
   edit : `` for this statement of philosophy from an age of enlightment i supose to receive -12 to -18 in downvotes '' being a selfrighteous , smug little bitch might just give you a lot more downvotes than that . 
  luckily you wouldnt be such a person huh ? 
  and i fail to understand why migrants deserve * more * money than pensioners . 
  sure you cant let them starve , but surely they will be able to survive with a similar amount of money ? 
  everybody got angry because germany got the most medals at the '36 summer olympics . 
  so they got back at us with bombs and shit . 
  are you done moving the goalpost ? 
  its simple : obama says the eu should do something about syria , but refuses to do something himself . 
  thats hypocritical and only shows that he is all talk , but ultimately impotent and selfish . 
   how is obama wrong here ? 
  he is hyprocritical . 
  the us barely do anything in syria . 
  the eu , turkey and jordan share the burden of the refugees . 
  which is kind of weird , considering that the instability in the region basically started in iraq . 
  sure spain , poland and the uk followed the us ( and also refuse to take refugees just like the us ) , but the us ultimately started the shit show . 
  so why should the jordan , the eu and turkey pay the bills for that ? 
  especially if the us categorically refuse to do anything about it . 
  i mean the politician that got bribed into buying them just might . 
  cant satisfy everybody i guess . 
  kohl was in office for 16 years . 
  does that make him a 60 % better leader than merkel ? 
  i dont think so . 
   they can still have classes for other fields but degrees should be market driven . 
  universities are meant to conduct basic research that might not lead to products directly , but can be used by others . 
  doing this kind of research is a great experience for everybody involved . 
  forcing universities to be glorified private schools would be stupid and bad for society as a whole . 
  true , people like you are so easily offended that its hard to discuss these things . 
  you know you can just ignore posts like this , right ? 
  i mean it would be perfectly fine to downvote because its really not the most insightful post . 
  but you literally got triggered and decided to reply with an equally useless post . 
  you are part of the problem . 
  eh , german short range diesel electric subs are actually world class as far as i know . 
  i seem to remember they are fairly popular too . 
  though the article mentions australia wants longer ranged subs , maybe thats why the german offer didnt work . 
  it doesnt change the simple fact that obama failed to get it done .
