  the usuall grass looks greener from the other side problem . 
  they represent the police , not islam . 
  they should not be allowed to represent their religion while on duty . 
  these are religious uniforms . 
  if a christian citizen is in a conflict with a muslim and 2 police officers with hijabs come to help resolve it , the christian will feel at a disadvantage . 
  imagine if the situation would be reversed and the same conflict would be resolved by 2 christian police officers wearing highly visible cross chains or other religious items . 
  i dont care if women wear these thing in their free time . 
  but state employees must be absolutely impartial and should not appear to favour a religion . 
  this undermines the seperation of state and religion and could be perceived as a defacto religious police just imagine if a city or district has a significant amount of muslim officers wearing headscarfs . 
  even if they are perfectly fair and competent , it will be perceived as sharia police . 
  especially by victims of religious fanatics . 
  thats fine , a society deserves the goverment they elect , no matter what . 
  citizenship is more than following the law . 
  german law actually does demand a certain commitment to our democratic order and the freedoms that come with it . 
  most notably , immigrants applying for citizenship can not be members or supporters of anti democratic organisations . 
  we can deny citizenship to isis supporters , its perfectly logical to deny citizenship to people that are citizen of dictatorships and theocracies and force them to renounce their old loyalties if they wish to become german citizens . 
  the laws exist already , its just a matter of interpretation and implementation . 
  not like this no . 
  but the us have a rather unique self image , so being butthurt about something like this isnt entirely unexpected i guess . 
  these corporations should have checked if their tax deal is conform with eu regulations . 
  these are part of the legal framework and just as important as national laws . 
  but i guess thats a lesson apple will learn much faster if they do end up having to pay 19b . 
  and its not like this will happen , they will probably get of with an strong worded letter and a 500m fine to make the public feel good about the commision doing actual work . 
  well technically speaking , this is fixing the tax regulations . 
  or applying the current regulations more thoroughly i guess . 
  well according to the article , having to pay `` old '' taxes would reduce the profits for the current year . 
  this would mean apple would pay less taxes in the us or even get some sort of tax return . 
  so its both the us defending their economic grip on the rest of the world and the fact that this investigation could simply cost the us money . 
  the ukraine was invaded because it doesnt actually have good ties with the rest of europe . 
  russia would not dare to pull this shit in a eu or nato country . 
  thats the reason the nato exists and one reason why the eu exists in its current form . 
  if anything the fact that the ukraine was hit and not say one of the much smaller and theoretically more vulnerable baltics nations shows how effective the nato and eu blanket is . 
  citizenships arent netflix subs . 
  citizenship means a commitment to a countries values and rules . 
  it also comes with certain duties . 
  if you dont agree with that , you can always stick to a residency permit . 
  afaik in germany this even allows you to vote in communal elections . 
  but especially holding citizenship of 2 countries with vastly different values and societies shouldnt be allowed . 
  if somebody agrees to the rules of living in north korea or saudi arabia , they can not also agree with the values of the german constitution . 
  if they do , they just lie to themselves and i dont care to figure out if they lie about their attitude towards saudi arabia or germany . 
  they are a security risk and a social problem either way . 
  i dont mind dual citizenship of 2 eu countries though . 
  thats one of the very few , possibly the only exception thats ok for me . 
  i would say that dual citizenship should not be allowed in general , but exceptions could be made . 
  most notably dual citizenship of 2 eu countries and dual citizenship with selected countries whoms citizens rarely cause any problems or abuse their dual citizenship . 
  but again , that should be exceptions , negotiated with every single country . 
  and there should obviously be only very few exceptions . 
  but what has to be prevented no matter what is being able to vote in 2 countries at once . 
  i dont care if you split your time 50/50 between two countries . 
  nobody should be able to influence the political course of 2 societies . 
  your problem also sounds more like a problem with the japanese bureaucracy than dual citizenship . 
   and still you think that we should have let them die to hunger somewhere at a closed border or shotthem whilethey try to enter countrys in an illegal way ? 
  i would bet money on the fact that virtually none of these people would have died if we didnt allow them to come to europe . 
  in fact , i would bet money on the fact that out of all the refugees that tried to come to europe , more people died in the sea than would have did if they all didnt attempt to come to europe . 
   out of all countrys in europe germany is the only country that is stable enough and filthy rich enough to deal with problems of this scale . 
  large scale refugee streams are not primarily a financial problem . 
  as i said above : germany is filthy fucking rich , especially right now and can in fact afford to feed a million people extra without much problems . 
  that can and most likely will change eventually , but right now money isnt critical . 
  the actual problem is a social one . 
  germany already has 3 million badly integrated turks . 
  yes you can find a million excuses for this , but the fact stands : we have not shown the ability to integrate large numbers of muslims from very different cultures . 
  and now we get another million muslims from cultures that are just as foreign , if not worse than turkey . 
  the reality we face is that virtually all of these people that are allowed to stay for a period of time will become german citizen . 
  at the very least they will be permanent residents sooner or later . 
  this will be a massive social problem . 
  these people are highly religious ( even if they think they are not , the religion is very much ingrained into their culture ) and a threat to the values of our constitution . 
  that is also why they should have been distributed . 
  i dont care if germany pays the bill , but you need to distribute these people to prevent them from sticking to one another . 
  you need the social pressure of not having fellow syrians around to force them to integrate . 
  right now they live so close to one another that there can be no integration . 
  they always have a sufficient social circle of likeminded people around , there is no reason to socialize with these strange germans . 
  he gave up his french citizenship to be elected into an office in algeria . 
  in my book , that makes him algerian . 
  he made a conscious choice to prioritize algeria over france as far as citizenship goes . 
   it 's quite the opposite of `` abstract hopes , dreams and political ideas '' though . 
  real money is made and real jobs are being created . 
  every single euro spend for and by the refugees comes from the state . 
  there is no leverage effect , the state doesnt encourage 5 euro of private spending for every euro of state investment . 
  its straight up paying for goods and jobs . 
  thats not an efficient investment at all . 
  no numbers in this article , and several other reasons for the boom are mentioned , most notably increasing real estate values in cities . 
  i am not saying that there are no benefits if the state spends money . 
  i am saying that its harder to quantify them compared to `` every refugee costs us 13k a year . 
  we know this because thats what we pay for them right now . '', 
  and on top of that you always get the argument that the state could spend 93b until 2020 on other things . 
  afaik education has a higher return on investment than just about any other state investment . 
  even if not , finding ways to spend money typically isnt a problem . 
  i very much doubt assad or the syrian kurds agreed to this . 
  i can also not imagine that it would be very popular in iran , though i might be wrong about that . 
   my point , which you did n't get , is that redditors ignore everything sch\u00e4uble ( and other politicians ) have to say unless it is negative towards refugees . 
  it is very hypocritical and transparent . 
  perhaps they `` ignore '' it because `` wir schaffen das '' and random , unfounded optimism and claims that refugees will benefit germany are much more controversial and much harder to prove than `` these people cost us x euro per head , per year '' so yeah as it turns out people are more likely to believe raw numbers that are well documented rather than abstract hopes , dreams and political ideas that are virtually impossible to relate to . 
  what a shocking revelation . 
  they are , our economy is just doing so well that we have a surplus anyway . 
  without refugees we might have a 30b + surplus . 
  you 're fucking paranoid . 
  sch\u00e4ubles words arent propaganda that `` paints the refugees in a negative light '' . 
  he is 100 % correct and its perfectly logical that refugees cost money . 
  after all every single one of them receives several hundred euro of welfare per month . 
  a lot of things about the refugee crisis can be argued , if these people will benefit germany , if its a good idea to take them in , if they whole process was handeled correctly , etc.
