  thats what you get for joining a sect . 
  i dont care what people believe in , but the moment they join a religious organisation they will be brainwashed . 
  some more , some less . 
  you did say that basically ; everybody does it . 
  and no , most intelligence agencies dont work like the nsa does . 
  this kind of relativization is incredibly dangerous . 
  because its just what these criminals want . 
  blurr the lines until nobody can say where they lie . 
  you , just like so many others dont get what intelligence agencies should do . 
  spying on foreign goverments and foreign intelligence agencies is fine , thats actually their job . 
  running mass surveillance on essentially the entire population both at home and abroad is not their job . 
   geopolitics does n't care about your emotions and feelings about what is wrong and right to you . 
  yes geopolitics do in fact care about emotions . 
  for example the emotion of us citizens on the way towards the elections . 
  or the general fuck you you 're going to get if you ask germany to help you . 
  the nato is old and rusty , the only relevant nato member is preparing for elections . 
  and turkey isnt attacked , in fact you guys are attacking . 
  you arent poland being run over by russian invaders . 
  this is not as clear cut as you make it up to be . 
  thats an ironic question to ask . 
  because do you think the us would risk one to save your sorry hide ? 
  the kurds in syria want an autonomous province , within a single syrian nation afaik . 
  they dont want to rule the place , just get a little more competences from the central syrian goverment . 
  nobody is an angel in syria , but its generally a good idea to kill the biggest asshole first . 
  you 'd think being sick beats being dead ? 
  because thats the point right , these people fled from a war that directly threatened their safety . 
  right ? 
   if there is no legal course of action to take then what do you suppose the greek people should do ? 
  form a lynch mob ? 
  how about get laws set up that prevent this in the future ? 
  if the greek dont have the political will to fight this kind of behaviour , why should anybody else make a fuss about it ? 
  why should germany feel bad for kicking greece out of the ez eventually if the greek obviously dont care to learn and prevent this kind of `` mistakes '' in the future ? 
  i 'd probably try something in the north . 
  norway , sweden , finland . 
  maybe even denmark . 
  i feel much more at home in winter than summer , also healthcare . 
   then you have incredibly absurd standards . 
      many hollywood stars , even the president watch netflix . 
  how many of them do you think have to use vpns or proxies to use netflix properly ? 
  the us version of netflix is probably worth paying for . 
  but there is no point paying roughly the same amount of money for a faction of the content . 
  why should i ? 
  i dont care if netflix has the best streaming service . 
  it doesnt meet my standards . 
  and just like any product or service that doesnt meet my standards , i wont pay for it . 
  hell with every streaming service offering exclusives these days , i have even less reason to pay for any of them . 
  after all , none of them would have all content . 
  the only point of paying for movies and tv is convenience . 
  this isnt convenient . 
  its not just about effort . 
  if i pay for netflix i want it to work . 
  why the fuck should i pay for a 3rd rate netflix version ? 
  if they want me to pay , give me access to all content . 
  i dont care why they cant do this , its their business , not mine . 
  and if even these kind of people expect some sort of special treatment beyond `` you will be safe here until we get you some place to live , eventually '' then i say good riddance . 
  this shit happens when you base your asylum process on smugglers . 
  because you mistake a method of voting with the organisation of the voting process . 
  evoting will not fix authoritarian regimes , it will not fix lazy voters , it wont even fix voting in remote places . 
  all of the solutions you want exist . 
  if these things doesnt work in your nation , it might not be a problem of the voting process after all . 
  dont sell out a democracy to fix problems that can evidently be fixed by existing means . 
   you 're one of those people that only give problems , and not solutions . 
      how much worse can e-voting make things than they are with the paper ballot electoral fraud happening right now ? 
  there is no problem . 
  voting isnt perfect right now , but its very , very good . 
  evoting is not safe or reliable . 
  so why use it ? 
  they also suck the saudis dick . 
  sometimes its about money , sometimes its about military bases . 
  same shit , different pile and ultimately all smells equally bad . 
   he might be remembered as the guy who outlined the stupidity of giving more loans to a country that has a debt sustainability problem there are always 2 sides to a contract . 
  i have yet to see the greeks punish the politicians that agreed to those loans from their side . 
  yup , evoting will be a huge problem . 
  mind you this wont stop people from voting for it , but i wonder how long its going to take until we get the first large scale election fraud through evoting . 
  and how long its going to take before its discovered . 
  ( edit ) : even right now , intelligence agencies argue in favor of weakening encryption for greater `` security '' through surveillance . 
  the us have just had debate about forcing software developers to build backdoors into their os . 
  hell the us actually force companies not to talk about how far they cooperate with the goverment and agencies right now . 
  its not so far fetched that official backdoors will happen and some point , and the companies will be forced to build them in and be forced not to talk about them . 
  but go ahead and enjoy your evoting . 
  this is such a parody , holy shit . 
  this is not about the large scale surveillance against all germans . 
  it is ** again ** , just about something close to merkel . 
  this time a computer that belongs to one member of her staff . 
  so maybe in a decade or two , after another 500 of merkels friends were spied on . 
  we might actually get an actual investigation of the nsa 's activity in germany from her . 
  thats justice at work ladies and gentlemen . 
   the people who wrote this have the concept of class inequality totally backwards . 
  no , having an advantage because of your bloodline/name is precisely what class inequality means . 
  it doesnt matter if you cant get a good job because your name is miller , or if you make half as much after getting the job compared to people with a high class backround . 
  either way you are discriminated for something that is beyond your control , just like being discriminated for being black or a jew . 
   bearing in mind that , if you 're an economic migrant pretending to be a syrian refugee , it 's incredibly unlikely you 'll be able to afford a voice coach . 
  i mean , economic migrants are migrating for economic reasons , ergo , they are poor ( too poor for a language teacher ) . 
  the people we get have money , they wouldnt be here otherwise . 
  they scrapped together what they had , most likely a few thousand usd and `` invested '' that into getting asylum in europe . 
  a language trainer shouldnt be that much more expensive than a fake passport or a trip across the mediterranean . 
  hell there just happen to be a decent number of supposedly decently educated syrians on the balkan that would probably teach their language for money . 
   the actual number according to the bamf of people that are falsely claiming to be syrian you realise that this is not worth anything ? 
  hell if we get too few fake syrians , i 'd actually be worried . 
  merkel told them that they can all stay in germany .
