  i 'd definitely still go to israel and maybe some parts of turkey , the rest , for me , is a complete no-go zone . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  no one seems to give a shit about any * actual * bad guys who hurt more than people 's worthless feelings . 
  most ` normal ' people here in the uk are completely indifferent about trump . 
  however , the vocal minority , as always , gets to dominate the scene , and now the whole world thinks we 're an island of rabid , trump hating loons because the militant lefties in this country get to have a monopoly on the debate , whipping themselves up into a circle-jerking hurricane of outrage so that they can organise crap like the anti-trump petition , or the protests that they say will be organised when trump visits . 
  the fact that a very large portion of our mp 's are willing to collude with that kind of behaviour is , in my mind , both immature and a dereliction of duty . 
  it makes us as a nation look childish and petulant and more importantly it risks damaging whatever is left of the ` special relationship ' . 
  it really is a national embarrassment and makes me want to apologise to any americans who read this who had come to expect a certain level of friendliness and professionalism from the uk -- sorry . 
  i hope you realise we are n't all like them and that a good many of us truly * do * value the us and respect the democratic decision that your people made . 
  in terms of policy and diplomacy : erdogan . 
  in terms of mp 's whinging and whining like little babies : trump . 
  not really a massive fan of our stance , america is our greatest ally and we have prominent mp 's acting like spoilt little children crying about non-issues in the us which have nothing to do with us at all -- like the building of ` the wall ' . 
  all the while , we have erdogan trying to set up a brutal islamic theocratic tyranny in europe 's backyard and they do n't really seem to give that much of a shit . 
  to be fair , the government , in general , does * quietly * take a much harder stance on erdogan , you just would n't guess they were , what with how quiet they are about him , but how deafeningly , obnoxiously loud they are about trump . 
  p.s - our mp 's only whine about trump because he 's a ` nasty right-winger ' and because it 's the fashionable thing to do . 
  i can almost guarantee that if hillary won the election and did all the same things that trump is doing , you 'd hear sweet fa about it . 
  true . 
  however , unrestricted power of the purse on such things as taxation or social spending would lead to a fairly ridiculous situation . 
  just imagine a nation under union , which does n't pay any of the same or similar taxes , or one which got to spend government allocated funds in literally any which way it wanted , without any accountability to any non-scottish taxpayers -- it 'd be a farcical , unaccountable mess . 
  it 's actually legal to own guns ( apart from concealable or assault weapons ) here , especially antiques , its just that the registration process is lengthy and strict . 
  you will find that many people who live in the countryside , especially in agricultural communities , own firearms for sporting , hunting , and pest control reasons . 
  antique weapons are easier to register , especially if you are in a reenactment group . 
  my friend actually really does have a working brown bess . 
  not much out there to trigger an englishman about , we 're a fairly mundane lot . 
  but if i heard someone refer to the english language as ` american ' ... all i 'm going to say is that the redcoat and brown bess would most definitely be coming out of storage at that point !, 
  not so sure about that , they already have a lot of devolved powers , any more and you start to get into the realms of being independent in all but name . 
  i mean they already have the power to have their own taxation , education and social spending policies , the only significant things left for them to have would be their own armed forces , trade policy and foreign policy ( which they already seem to behave like they have ) and then they would pretty much have all the trappings of a fully independent nation . 
  -- also any single one of these things would make them practically rogue and ungovernable , at which point it would only make sense for them to be cut off completely . 
  scotland already has a devolved parliament ... 
  so yeah , there is nothing left for the snp ( scottish national party ) to be interested in , other than full independence . 
  still fairly common , although less so than ever , in fact , i was in one until i was 16 ( i 'm now 22 ) . 
  most towns will still have a few ` companies ' of scouts and/or sea scouts . 
  in general , they are n't seen as very appealing to today 's youth , though they are still viewed very positively throughout the general population , who view the scouts as generating good life skills and experiences ( e.g. 
  discipline , independence e.t.c. 
  ) , as well as offering valuable progression which can be very useful on a cv for a young adult making their first foray into the jobs market . 
  in the uk , their focus is very much the ` traditional ' idea of scouting i.e. 
  basic survival skills , diy projects , building teamwork skills e.t.c. 
  i was more trying to point out that each letter of the word is , in uk english , pronounced in its traditional manner with the ` a ' being pronounced as an ` a ' rather than as an ` o ' as it is in american english . 
  was n't trying to state either is correct . 
  yeah , try pronouncing it like this : ` tw@' -- this is how british people pronounce it . 
  it 's quite a commonly used insult over here . 
  depends on how you 're pronouncing it . 
  americans tend to pronounce it ` twot ' whereas in the uk it 's pronounced exactly how it looks like it should be pronounced -- it makes for a far harsher sounding and therefore a far more effective insult . 
  having said that , it 's a fairly mild insult compared to other swears in the english language . 
  and you do n't think uk beer is ` decent ' ... are you a madman , or had you only been drinking fosters ?? 
  if you 're talking about the uk as a whole , it 's the lion . 
  in england however , we kind of have 3 different ones ; a wyvern ( uncommonly used ) , the lion again and also a robin . 
  the lion and wyvern are pretty badass as national animals . 
  a robin , however , while pretty , is fairly pathetic . 
  poached egg on toast , a banana and a mug of english breakfast tea . 
  at least once a day , often twice . 
  shampoo gets used once every day . 
  brand : alberto balsam -- cheap and a wide variety of half decent scents . 
  without a doubt the united states . 
  followed shortly thereafter in equal parts by the nations of the anglosphere in the commonwealth . 
  obnoxiously loud . 
  i mean , we love you , but dudes ... calm down , inside voices , please . 
  ** no way !, 
  ** do you have any idea how disastrous this would be ? 
  leave alone the fact that the eu as it is is basically a neo-imperialist power . 
  the way things are going , one of the first acts of a united europe would probably be to shift all power behind its beloved army and declare ww3 on russia and alienate , completely , the us . 
  ultimately it would fail spectacularly as well . 
  being the 2nd most diverse continent after africa , racial and cultural divides would make it entirely ungovernable - think austria-hungary , but hundreds of times more tense and ungovernable . 
  it kind of worries me that so many in the eu seem to be pushing for this , as it would almost certainly eventually end in a catastrophic fragmentation sooner or later , causing a continent-wide humanitarian crisis . 
  no , it 's rarely warm enough here to make the idea of outdoor swimming an attractive one . 
  plus , the plots of land that houses are built on tend to be quite small , to use up such a large portion of your backyard for a pool would be seen by many as a waste of valuable garden space - we do , after all , appreciate a good garden here . 
  i for one support this idea with gusto . 
  any of the cities in the north of england are pretty liveable . 
  public transport is generally acceptable to great ; cost of living is fairly low ( with a few exceptions ) as long as you do n't intend to move into the city centres . 
  additionally , most have good suburbs with ease of access to the centres , which are usually reasonable in terms of cost of living . 
  obviously , you speak english , so the uk , in general , is going to be pretty easy for you to fit into linguistically , as long as you do n't mind some strong regional accents . 
  also , in regards to the friendliness of the people ; i think you 'll find that the national personality is to be a little cold at first , but very warm and welcoming once you get to know someone ( or buy them a pint ) . 
  this is especially true in the north , people tend to be more friendly there , a lot more blunt , but definitely friendly . 
  if it were me making the decision , i would go for york . 
  it 's a small enough city that the public transport is more of a luxury than a necessity . 
  it 's a little more on the expensive end , but it 's a great city for those who are looking for a little ` culture ' . 
  plus if you ever need a bit more of an ` urban ' experience , leeds is only 20mins away by train . 
  if it 's natural beauty you 're after , the yorkshire dales national park is only an hour and a bit away by car . 
  to be honest , it 's just a really well-appointed city that 's well laid out and in a good location for those who want to experience something different now and then . 
  pretty good actually . 
  we have the british commonwealth which ensures a loose diplomatic commonality . 
  however , outliers are not necessarily unknown , several have been booted from the commonwealth or threatened to leave as a result of reactions to things such as human rights violations ( which in theory the commonwealth has a zero tolerance policy towards ) . 
  obviously , this means that relations between the uk and commonwealth nations are not always fantastic 100 % of the time . 
  generally speaking , the commonwealth pretty much is a really positive element and nations which have never been under british control have joined e.g. 
  mozambique . 
  also , even france once expressed an interest in joining ... crazy , i know !, 
  the royal family is also somewhat of a diplomatic boon between nations of the empire . 
  those who kept the monarchy enjoy ** very ** close relations with the uk . 
  finally , well , i mean we have pretty good relations with the us , special relationship and all haha . 
  technically speaking you guys were part of our empire at one time , why not come back ? 
  come bathe in the warm glow of the commonwealth ... join us , join us ... 
  pork pies . 
  i like most of our other meat pies just not pork ones . 
  i may be shot at dawn for heresy by my fellow brits for this , but i find them loathsome , mostly because of the jelly in-between the pastry and the meat , turns my stomach just thinking about it . 
  ah , forgive my ignorance , i had assumed that all tefl qualifications are universal . 
  well , i 'm not massively knowledgeable in regards to uk immigration law in reference to non-eu citizens . 
  however , i can not stress enough just how desperate the government is for teachers right now ( if i remember correctly , they even subsidise university for people to do teaching courses now ) , so i would still think that your qualifications will pack a hefty punch in supporting an application . 
  for now , even if it looks like it may be a bit of a needle in a haystack task , i would start scouring sites for jobs such as those you mentioned . 
  i think a lot of non-brits always seem to forget about some of the secondary or tertiary cities in the uk . 
  if you have n't already , it could be a good idea to scrub up on possible ` off the beaten path ' towns/cities .
