  theres nothing about being born with a certain set of political boundries that makes you better than someone else . 
  so what ? 
  just because something is aggressive still does not mean it inherently will cause conflict . 
  it might make you a bit of a dick from a subjective point of view , but who the fuck cares ? 
  i might say that i think british political practice is better than , i do n't know , germany 's ( not saying i necessarily believe that , just an example ) , does it mean that i want a war with them ??? 
  of course not . 
   there really is n't , at least not since the industrial revolution . 
  yes there is : * political stability . 
  * social attitudes . 
  * social cohesion . 
  * diplomatic ties . 
  * military strength . 
  * diplomatic influence and proficiency . 
  * e.t.c  you ca n't be serious right now ... holy shit . 
  deadly serious , if you seriously think that the us and japan are ` globalist ' then you 're delusional . 
  the us has just elected the anti-globalist candidate , and japan is just about as closed socially and culturally as you can be , yet still , has a free-market economy . 
  just because you are an open economy does not mean that you must also embrace the additional trappings which convert free-market capitalism into globalism . 
   hey smart guy , i have british citizenship and am currently living in the uk , have been for a couple of years and will for one more . 
  infact i even voted in the recent elections . 
  so maybe do n't make baseless assumptions eh ? 
  even though that seems to be all you can do . 
  okay , i apologise for that , though you have to admit your italian flag is going to throw people off . 
  however , your attitude still , to me at least , smacks of someone with their head in the ground , completely oblivious to what is happening around us . 
  also , what assumptions have i made other than that single one ? 
  i fail to see any , and it definitely does n't `` seem to be all i can do '' - bit of an overreaction methinks . 
   but yes , we are told that being proud of one 's own nation is bad . 
  okay , i will concede that no politician has outright stated this in certain terms ( at least in my memory ) , but to suggest that it is n't implied on a near daily basis by figures both in and out of government is ludicrous , there is a provable anti-patriotic bias . 
  remember , for instance , david cameron claiming that supporting ukip ( wanting national sovereignty ) made you a `` fruitcake '' and a `` closeted racist '' . 
  plus several respectable publications like the [ new statesman ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/uk/2016/01/why-are-so-many-left-embarrassed-patriotism ) and [ guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/apr/15/england-liberals-patriotism-nationalism-flag-st-george-right ) have identified a hatred for and abandonment of patriotism amongst the british left wing . 
   you 're using the plural form and yet you cite one example poor wording on my part , i should n't have used plurals when addressing a specific example . 
  apologies . 
   yeah this is a joke . 
  i 'm glad you find it funny . 
  personally , i do n't believe that it 's too great when the leader of one of the major political parties of the uk pledges his support and friendship towards the ira and hamas ( groups which actively call for the murder of british citizens , and in the case of the ira the dismantling of part of the union ) just to name a few . 
   stop tying your identity to a state who does n't give a shit about you . 
  its terribly sad . 
  why ? 
  i 'll form my identity around whatever i choose to thank you very much . 
  i 'm stating that i wish to be able to be proud of my nation 's achievements and the concepts which my and others ' forebears laid down their lives for . 
  the state may not give a shit about me as an individual , but that 's the thing , the nation is not the the state , and the state should not be the be-all-and-end-all and should be simply a delivery method for those values and concepts i talked of . 
  therefore it is fully viable , and not at all sad to admire my nation , regardless of the state 's indifference towards me . 
   if someone does infact say that , then yeah they 're assholes , as that is a mentality that leads to conflict a bit of a stupid generalisation . 
  these nations are provably non-aggressive especially switzerland , which despite being a hotbed of nationalism ( especially economic nationalism ) and right wing politics has not been involved in a war or conflict of any sort for over 150 years . 
  so basically , you 're demonstrably wrong on that point . 
   actually economically globalisation is much better . 
  just saying . 
  there is more to a nation 's competitiveness than raw economics alone and i think you 'll find that it 's free-market economics that is the broad improver of economies , not globalisation , many do confuse the two ( as globalisation is basically just a form of free-market economics ) , but it is entirely possible to be simultaneously highly nationalist , non-globalist , free-marketeer and incredibly successful as a nation - see the us , japan e.t.c. 
   you need to stop with these frankly stupid generalisations btw . 
  until you have lived in the uk you have no idea what are and what are n't generalisations about the cultural and political landscape whatsoever , and therefore any comments you make regarding such are merely baseless , uninformed and ignorant aspersions . 
  but yes , we are told that being proud of one 's own nation is bad . 
  we have mainstream and highly influential politicians [ implying it 's wrong to own and fly our own flag ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-30148768 ) and political leaders who shun the very idea of nationhood , flagrantly disrespect their own office , as well as encouraging and condoning the actions of our enemies . 
  this is on top of the regular media drone about how awful we all are and how we should be embarrassed about our ` dreadful ' history . 
  so yeah i 'd say there is a nationalism crisis in the uk , and it 's that there is n't enough of it . 
  no , but enthusiasm for it is . 
  by this definition , switzerland and japan are nationalist nations , many in these nations will vehemently declare that their nation is the best nation , or is at least inherently better than others in some regard and display some pride towards it . 
  this is the problem , in britain , the left , and some of the right tells us we should be ashamed of ourselves as a nation and that the idea of being proud of one 's nation is somehow racist and arrogant . 
  healthy pride , respect and enthusiasm for one 's own nation will not inherently lead to conflict and , in my mind , is an imperative prerequisite of a competitive nation . 
  nations which are constitutionally neutral e.g. 
  switzerland , last i heard , the swiss population is fairly nationalist but what conflicts are they involved in ? 
  also , japan , an extremely nationalist nation , but , regardless of their past are now pretty non-aggressive and only really flair up militarily to support the us or to assert their rightful sovereignty against chinese and north korean aggression - defending oneself against invasion is not a form of conflict which is inherently contributed to by your own nationalism . 
   then i 'm afraid you 're disagreeing with pretty much the entire history of mankind . 
  not really , there are plenty of nations out there which currently peacefully practice forms of nationalism without an anti-imperial tint . 
  i 'm not denying that in the past nationalism has caused conflict , but that does not/should not condemn the notion for all of eternity . 
   idk what op means by ` regulating nationalism ' , so i ca n't really comment fairly sure from the tone of the rest of what he/she said , it sounds like he/she basically wants to incriminate the holding of nationalist beliefs , or at the very least limit the practising of nationalist thought via legal enforcement . 
  to me , this sounds pretty vile and like it goes against almost every basic freedom afforded to me . 
  also , please see my previous comment again , i did not initially see your point about the 40 % and the lib dems and as such , i edited the comment to include a rebuttal . 
  i wholeheartedly disagree with your statement that nationalism * always * causes conflict , even without an anti-imperialist sentiment . 
  however , regardless of your opinion of nationalism , do you really believe that it should be acceptable to be policing thought so much as to ` regulate nationalism ' ? 
  - this is authoritarianism in extremis , a dangerous and complete absurdity . 
   40 % of the british electorate disagree with you . 
  actually , the lib dems are pretty anti-nationalist , so that 's 48 % of people who disagree . 
  the lib-dem party is a tiny party . 
  plus , the latest election can be pretty much disregarded as a signal of such things . 
  a lot of people are just fed-up with the tories , they do n't necessarily agree with labour and its policies , labour is just seen as the only alternative , especially as they only seem to have won after stealing and pandering to the tories more nationalist policies . 
  furthermore , do n't forget that brexit won , and polls show it 's now more popular than it was at the referendum - i 'd call brexit a fairly nationalist move , would n't you . 
  edit : added my rebuttal to the 48 % notion as i did n't initially see it in your response, 
   regulation of nationalism ** what . 
  the . 
  ** no offence , but your views sound pretty fucking despicable to me mate . 
  i mean , how authoritarian do you have to get to want to actively support `` sabotage or harassment against those who choose to harm the environment or take healthcare away '' - you sound deranged . 
  if anything i 've become more right-wing . 
  i was always right leaning , but the state of the left wing in this country is so disgraceful that it 's pushing me further and further right . 
  there is no place for nationalism/patriotism anywhere other than the right nowadays ( and even on the right it 's a struggle ) , and until the left accepts that their kooky , anti-patriotic hogwash will never wash with the average voter , in a nation which has a traditionally patriotic working class , they will continue to be viewed as elitist , champagne-sipping , patronising cocks and they 'll eventually be consigned to the annals of history , to be replaced with a pragmatic alternative . 
  you really need to take a long hard look at yourself and ask how the fuck you ended up getting such reprehensible , dangerous and childish views . 
  you are n't centre-left in europe , or anywhere else in the fucking galaxy , and you certainly are n't right-wing by our standards - you 're just bloody insane . 
  please grow up . 
  `` up shit creek without a paddle '', 
  i have no idea why , but picture 11 in that gallery ( of rotterdam ) is oddly satisfying and beautiful to me , it looks very neat and tidy indeed . 
  socks * and * slippers - the height of comfort , some may even say the rolls-royce of indoor footwear solutions . 
  if you 're in a quiet compartment and you 're playing music on anything other than headphones/earphones , you 'll be told to shut up or move to a non-quiet carriage by staff ( and probably other passengers before that ) and if you continue to play the music loudly after that , i 'd imagine they 'd probably chuck you off the train at the next stop . 
  i 'm from lincolnshire mate ( though i do n't live here anymore , just visiting the parents for a few days ) . 
  i believe that the lincolnshire coast was considered to be a vulnerable location in the event of an invasion staged from the netherlands . 
  due to the rural and boggy nature of the area , they thought that the germans would think it would be easy to make land and establish a beachhead quickly before a defence force could be deployed effectively . 
  as a result , there are defensive positions littered all over the place for about 5-10 miles inland . 
  the stuff around here is mostly pillboxes , but there are also ammo storage bunkers , artillery platforms , defensive obstructions ( similar to those concrete blocks you talked about ) and on the coast itself you find that quite a lot of the beaches have stuff under the tide line put there to beach landing craft in the middle of the sea . 
  we have the same stereotype of american men as effeminate over here , largely because americans are stereotyped as entitled people who never have to work or struggle for what they have . 
  in regards to the stereotype of european men as effeminate , of course , it 's a complete fallacy . 
  i mean , sure , in the modern world there is less traditional masculinity going around , but that 's true of the entire world , not just europe . 
  just a quick look into europe 's history will tell you we 're not a continent of effeminate men - in western europe ( perhaps britain especially ) i thought we had a history of being gritty , industrialised nations with a tendency for brutal warmongering ? 
  but hey , having said all that it 's just a shitty song and i can tell it 's supposed to be funny so who gives a toss really ?
