  not a joke indeed http://www.elmundo.es/espana/2017/07/03/59593d8cca4741032f8b4590.html for no spanish speakers , electric companies handed regulation to a former industry minister so he just had to sign up the papers . 
  about our right to repair faulty/broken devices . 
  i used to work for a business that sold spare pieces for electronic devices , mostly mobile phones and some laptop stuff like charge connectors and batteries . 
  everything is fake in this business , most companies do n't sell the original parts for repair , the business move around chinese low quality copies , so be warned , if you guys repair your phone , you will most likely get a second hand part or a fake one even if you go to an official repair store since they buy cheap for business like the one i worked for . 
  i could talk a lot about this topic but i do n't wan na give any personal info away , i 'm not sure if the nda i signed covers this . 
  so yeah , this regulation ca n't come soon enough . 
  that argument is flawed , the nazi is not gon na save me for humanitarian reasons , he might save me to enslave , as we say in spain , `` saltar de la sart\u00e9n para caer en el fuego '' , jump out of the pan to fall in the fire , no thanks . 
  no to mass and unvetted migrants shopping for social benefits in europe , no to the far right . 
  both parties are in the right in this one , austria has no obligation to take in thousands of unregistered and unvetted migrants and italy needs help to deal with the situation . 
  targeting ngos and charging them with human trafficking would be the easiest thing to reduce the problem . 
  maybe is just me but your message seem to dismiss the idea of the far right being a problem , apologies if i misunderstood . 
  you 'll see a few politicians being arrested 48 hours after the referendum and things will continue as normal ... not that i think it will happen , they will chicken out because politicians want power , not independence . 
  massive migration being a problem doesnt make the far right good , fuck the far right . 
  i 'll say it again because you do n't seem to understand , homophobia , racism , sexism and every other word i said are buzzwords , are horrible things , if you treat someone like shit because of thungs they ca n't control , like skin color , gender or sexuality , you are a piece of shit , do you get what i 'm saying now ? 
  i do not know how to make it more clear . 
  what i have issue with if how people like you and the other guy throw those words at everything for no fucking reason other than disagreeing with you in something that might not even had anything to do with racism or sexism or whatever , you guys are turning those words that had real impact in fucking buzzwords , do you understand what i 'm saying now ? 
  i 'll give it one last try , even thought you seem as dense as the other guy , this words have meaning , they are horrible things , but you throw them at every dissenting opinion , you are living proof of that calling me holocaust denier for who the fuck knows why , and because you throw them at everyone and everything they loose their force , their impact , or whatever you wan na call it , everytime i see someone talking about an issue like this one and how could be abused or what concerns them about it i see an idiot calling them racist , how the hell did free speech became a left or right issue ? 
  how it became racist ? 
  who said that is n't real ? 
  they are big problems that need to be addressed , when i say they are buzzwords that mean nothing is because people like you throw those words at any dissenting opinion . 
  i do n't remember making any argument , just making fun of the amount of words with no meaning you just said , also , even a broken clock is right twice at day , if afd argument is `` is not ok for the government to police people 's opinions '' i agree with that . 
  yup , my country is shit in a lot of ways , go make a thread about it , this one is about government approved opinions in germany , anything to say about it other than buzzwords ? 
  that 's a lot of buzzwords that mean nothing , enjoy your nany government telling you what can and can not be said . 
  feel free to check every single one of my comments for the last three years and take it out of context to call me `` insert buzzword here '' , god forbid someone can have a non government approved opinion !, 
  who says what `` spread racism '' and what does not ? 
  if i bring up crime statistics by nationality or ethnicity am i spreading racism ? 
  because some consider that racist , should i get finned or go to jail for that ? 
  til , whatever you guys do , good luck !, 
  if i may ask , in which field does she work that earns 3 times more money in spain than in the netherlands ? 
  at least in spain , it doesnt work that way , ive seen people detained for going to fight against isis and also people trying to join them , if they knew someone joined them and then came back for sure he will be in jail . 
  you have a link for that ? 
  first time i hear about this . 
  i do n't disagree , but that 's why we have governments , i would n't want to carry the responsibility at the risk of my own money so i 'm not gon na ask a landlord to do it . 
  why should be stopped by police more often than a 50 years old woman ? 
  not my fault that my demographic is more prone to drunk drive . 
  you wan na tell me it 's not fair ? 
  it 's not , but it 's also not fair to force someone to take a risk with his money . 
  i do n't want a circle jerk , that 's why i do n't categorize people with different opinions as me as not normal . 
  you see , you call that `` justifying discrimination '' when everyone else is talking about money , the only color that matters in this issue is the one of the bills . 
  if a company has data or personal experience that says one demographic has an increased risk with no increased benefit , why should they do businesses with them ? 
  you think that 's racist ? 
  i 'm also in favour of banning 18 to 24 years old brits from spanish hotels , is that racist too or you can see how it might have something to do with the amount of young brits that come to spain to get blind drunk and do tons of damage in property ? 
  i 'm not against this as long as it 's supported by data instead of just being based on color of skin , if their own experience support that spanish people are three times more likely to cause them trouble and loose him money than german citizens why should they rent me if they have applications from german citizens ? 
  they have an increased risk with no extra reward , it would make no sense . 
  if it 's just racism/xenophobia , fuck that . 
  someone that shares his opinions and political affiliation . 
  is t really necessary to bring the democrat vs republican mentallity to every single thread ? 
  i know , i 'm following the joke and saying it 's not a catalonia 's flag , is the one from aragon , because they are really similar . 
  you are taking things way to serious in a thread aimed to `` trigger '' europeans in a funny way , 
  obviously the entire flag does n't fit in the picture like in many others , but it 's clearly the aragon flag . 
  why the aragon flag ? 
  you gave some tought to what you just said ? 
  it makes no fucking sense , do less live saving surgeries , they are expensive as fuck and you would get more money for the nhs !, 
  i really hope you were trying to be sarcastic . 
  that 's a beautiful picture , love it !, 
  thank you american third wave feminist , the world will remember you for such important contributions to mankind ... 
  nope , you are getting downvoted for saying dumb shit , nothing to do with anyone 's gender . 
  american feminist . 
  if the turkish base in qatar gets attacked by sa , could turkey summon nato article 5 ? 
  that would be a huge clusterfuck . 
  i really hope the girl he was trying to save is safe , some sort of `` happy '' ending to this ... rip ignacio . 
  that 's the creepiest looking map i 've ever seen . 
  ignacio is dead http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:iaqmkeumnlwj:www.levante-emv.com/espana/2017/06/06/reino-unido-pide-24-o/1577013.html+&amp;cd=3&amp;hl=es&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=es , i link the webcache version because the article has been changed , they ca n't make the information official yet . 
  you can also look on twitter for his aunt @isabelduran_ to verify the tweet is real . 
  i hope that at least the woman he was trying to defend could run to safety this is awkward , i ca n't even see the info in the cache right now : / ... oh well , the links to his aunt tweets https://mobile.twitter.com/isabelduran_/status/872167505464307714, 
  they are , every single time someone is accused in spain of terrorist links they are moroccan or spaniards with moroccan roots . 
  it might be an extra army for some , but what does the rota base do for spain ? 
  that base is just to support logistic for the us and nato , it 's not like we need them to protect us from morocco . 
  the us has bases in europe for their own interest first and then to secure europe , nobody should pay them for that . 
  the guy had some balls to face someone with a knife to protect a total extranger , i really hope he is ok . 
  i agree , most of the neo liberal playbook sounds like that , they always hide behind `` the free market will regulate himself '' bullshit , powerful people and companies will abuse the shit out of the `` free '' market if you give them the chance , that 's why regulations are necessary . 
  are you gon na get to your point today ? 
  lol, 
  rescue them , give them the medical attention they need , take their fingerprints and deport them and ban them from europe . 
  i 'm not saying we should let people drown , i 'm saying that what ngos are doing is illegal and they should be put in jail for human trafficking . 
  my solution would be to hunt the human trafickers on the countries they operate so we do n't have to rescue anyone , spain cooperates with several countries to do that . 
  how can you get that from my comment ? 
  i literally said `` i do n't agree with this it puts lives at risk '' . 
  i do n't agree with this , it puts lives at risk , but fuck every single ngo involved in this , how can they have the balls to complain ? 
  `` hey they are getting in our way !, 
  ca n't we collaborate with human trafickers in peace ? '', 
  fuck those guys and their white savior attitude , they are making things worst . 
  the logic behind it is that if you lower corporate tax more companies will invest in your country and you will end up getting more money because there are plenty more companies to tax , i do n't like it , it 's a race to the bottom that gives too much power than i 'm comfortable with to international companies , i would rather the eu grow some balls and tell apple , microsoft , google and every other big corporation that we have some rules , if they do n't want to abide by them they can say goodbye to the biggest market in the planet . 
  make earth green again !, 
  to stop emissions is not enough , we need more green areas too !, 
  you know , when you stop a second to think that those people are supposedly fleeing war , one would imagine they would be more grateful than picky . 
  trade surplus means nothing without more data . 
  being offended is not an argument for nothing , is just a way of saying i ca n't deal with the world around me . 
  try to steal beer from thousands of metalheads and tell me how that works out for you !, 
  i personally would support it , but after following the us to iraq and the shit show that has been the middle east for the past fifteen years , i ca n't blame people for not supporting a war . 
  anyway , this is the opinion now , i 'm sure that if tomorrow portugal was attacked by morocco the public opinion will support to go on their defense . 
  i should check people comment history before i reply to them ... goodbye troll, 
  white guilt is strong my friend , go look some history books and see how every civilization has been shitty to others , everyone used to persecute and murder minorities . 
  now , the safest place for minorities is the western world , not saying that racism does n't exist or that we can not improve things , but the amount of white guilt i see ( i 'm talking in this website , not about you ) is disproportionate to the problem . 
  we should only allow the speech that aprove right ? 
  following your example about spain , would i ban every single brit because of chavs ? 
  absolutely not , but i would definitely ban large groups of people aged 18 to 23 , or whatever age group is the more problematic , we definitely have the data to vet those people based on their nationality , age , gender and even their background , we should use it instead of letting everyone in . 
  no clue , i can see the messages now so nothing to worry about lol, 
  really weird , i can only see those mesagges if i go to your profile and when i click the permalink the page says `` there does n't seem to be anything here '' that might be a shadowban ? 
  you deleted your other message while i was answering you .
