1500 upvotes ? 
  holy fuck this people are deluded . 
  oh well is a subredditdrama mod , that explains a lot . 
  lol at the downvotes , somebody do n't want people to realize that the whole secessionist movement might be a smoke screen to hide their corruption scandals ... they just want control over the money , they do n't give a shit about the people , just like any other politician in spain . 
  oh another propaganda thread !, 
  please tell us how much opressed you are . 
  we have more than enough unemployed people , no need to import more ... what i 'm in favor of is eu refugee centers on africa . 
  i 'm pretty sure i would rather live in romania instead of any islamic country but hey , maybe i 'm just weird ... 
  five and a half million people unemployed , 1/3 of the children are at risk of poverty , rampant corruption and a huge public debt , there is no way we can take immigrants , not even refugees . 
  i was thinking voting for podemos but they loook crazier by the day ... 
  the mentality of a random european citizen is never going to help , what you need is lots of resources ( that spain lacks for 5.5 million of his citizens btw ) . 
  anyway , i was just throwing a jab at northern europe , those people should be helped , i just disagree with the current solution . 
  so now this is a problem for all europe ? 
  funny , when italy , greece and spain were the ones dealing with it nobody gave a shit . 
  that 's already a thing , i will link you a source , but i warn you that is pretty disgusting http://www.africanskyhunting.co.za/africanhuntingpackages-dangerous.html, 
  as i said this sub is full of propaganda accounts and you are one of them , i already saw another guy ( probably you ) saying that albert rivera will lose support because he is catalan , funny that i will go in a few minutes to give his party my vote . 
  a personal advice , drop the fucking victim complex , that 's not only false , it 's also not way to live . 
  this subreddit is full of propaganda accounts ... 
  paulaner , german beer . 
  the 2 main political parties , pp and psoe ... 
  intentionally missleading tittle , not surprised at all seeing your flag ... 
  i was expecting to see the countries with higher unemployment rate even more against ... 
  honestly surprised to see portugal and spain that supportive of new immigration . 
  it 's happening a lot in spain , some of them are being bought really cheap . 
  something different to what you are use to hear from spain , our most well known rock band , heroes del silencio https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrvtwzn_yjo, 
  user votes on other thread on this subreddit . 
  177 dead and 1857 wounded deserved it ? 
  because of the decission of some politician ? 
  go fuck yourself you piece of shit . 
  not the only case in spain , not even the biggest one , is pretty sad but we are getting used to this , this is why podemos and now ciudadanos are getting bigger and bigger every day , no known link to corrupts or big companies . 
  this needs context to have any value , i will be very surprised to see a 10-20 % difference ( in fact , i 'll be surprised to see any difference ) of salary on the same jobs , working the same ammount of hours with the same ammount of responsability , comparing the salary of an engineer and a nurse or a school teacher ... well , that 's gon na give you some really misleading stats . 
  do you really need to start another civil war ? 
  and of course , no onion . 
  i do n't agree with the guy you are arguing ( it might be a propaganda account ) but ... no shit dude , most of the terrorism/crime on white cristhian countries is carries out by white criathian people ... who would have tought that !, 
  i do n't agree with the guy you are arguing ( it might be a propaganda account ) but ... no shit dude , most of the terrorism/crime on white cristhian countries is carries out by white criathian people ... who would have tought that !, 
  that would be `` expulsiones en caliente '' , basically whenever the guardia civil sees someone jumping over the fence on ceuta or melilla , they arrest him and send him back to the moroocan side of the fence without any paperwork or identification , and that 's illegal acording to spanish ( maybe international too ? ), 
  law . 
  apologies in advance for the formatting and grammar , i 'm on my phone . 
  i 'm sure all those 20 years old male are political acticvists ... 
  as soon as they come to the country and already creating thousands of jobs , where are all the refugee haters now ? 
  you wil have to ask mainly to 65 years old people , that 's the main demographic voting for the pp . 
  food and weather for sure , history and culture aare also big pro of living in spain . 
  we 'll do that once they return our mirrors . 
  it was nice to meet you turkey , i will miss you . 
  that 's one way to see it , personally i think that we should celebrate our passion for the music specially because of what happened . 
  if my wallet allows it i will try to go to bataclan as soon as i see any interesting band . 
  of course it 's not true , do you really think someone is gon na believe the `` closed due to siesta '' part ? 
  our bureaucracy sucks for sure , but what you said is beyond stupid . 
  facts are a tool of the patriarchy !, 
  you people need to get in touch with reality , people saying `` you guys do n't do enough '' to poor countries ( at least when compared to northern europe ) are fucking nuts , imagine if your country had 20 % + of unemployment , raise that number to close to 50 % of 25 years old or younger , families getting kicked out of their houses by the banks when your country accepted a loan to save their asses from bankrupcy , social benefits being cut left and rught and rampant corruption , and then out of the blue you start taking people in and spending docens of millions of $ on housing , food and a basic rent for thousands of refugees ... 
  sorry but after reading saying `` there are two sides on each conflict '' and `` one person freedom fighter is another person terrorist '' part i call bullshit on their concerns about human rights violations by the ypg , just another is simpatizer yelling islamophobia when confronted . 
  to be fair very few turks voted in spain , or at least there is no that much data about it . 
  i 'm sorry guys :(, 
  not sure if stormfront or sjw ... 
  it does not divide anyone , a very small ( and loud ) minority like it and the goverment gives them public money to keep the business alive , the rest of the country either does n't care or it 's heavily against it . 
  it 's already no profitable , the pp is giving them public funds ... 
  unfortunately people wanted to be progressive so bad they ended up going to the other end of the spectrum , becoming regressive and very intolerant of dissenting opinions ... 
  it 's a shame because i just can not identify myself anymore with the left wing ( or at least with the most vocal part ) of my country . 
  this is the problem i have with this situation , i think the law is absurd and nobody should be fined for being an idiot , on the other hand if some stupid mra tweeted killallwoman cunts like this one will want his head on a pike ... maybe they deserve a taste of their own medicine . 
  just an awful troll , trying his hardest and not even slightly funny . 
  i really hope you are safe buddy , tell us something whenever you can . 
  i can assure you he is not the only one that thinks that way , i find myself distancing me of the left more and more because it reminds me way too much of the conservative right , there is tons of people that thinks that way and , unfortunately , i think we are right , i would trully love too see the left in my country go back to his roots . 
  did he really wanted to give the people a choice or did he wanted to scare the eu with the referendum and get a better deal for the uk ? 
  you can keep them guys , we do n't need those fucks back . 
  where exactly ? 
  i might be intereses to move there :d, 
  yes ? 
  yeah , we should totally remove any type of border control in gibraltar , it 's not like smuggling is a huuuge problem there or something ridiculous like that ... 
  ask for an alhambra 1925 , the green bottle one , thank me later . 
  he could say that the idea of spain sending the army to gibraltar is stupid and not take the bait to give the reporter a juicy click bait tittle , making those types of statements forces spain to respond like they are doing `` chill out '' and creates an unnecessarily drama to distract from the negotiation s. 
  nothing you can do there , you ca n't just say to 20 other people in the street `` hey !, 
  let 's fight those 20 racist cunts to defend that other guy '' i really believe that society sucks now a days and a couple of guys could beat me to death and nobody would do shit about it , but against at least 20 people ? 
  you are asking to get killed , call the police and film the whole thing so people can be identified and prosecuted . 
  it 's a given that any country will use his military to defend his own territories , but dunno , it 's sounds kind of random to say that when nobody is threatening you , its like they try to show a macho attitude to hide they have no idea what to do with the whole brexit ... and honestly , i do n't think anyone could in their position , it has to be the biggest burocratic nightmare in history . 
  are preferences racist ? 
  if he wanted to meet asian exchange students instead of north african or turks would you call him racist ? 
  rant bellow , not addressed at you w4hammer people over use the word racist so fucking much , maybe the guy is a racist cunt , or maybe he would like to move to northern europe and meet people from there while he is still studying , maybe he has more in common with them !, 
  it 's our choice to get outraged by everything and to demonize people without context or to give people the benefit of the doubt . 
  we should give them a non binding referendum , no wins ? 
  forget about it , yes wins ? 
  start negotiations , once it 's crystal clear how both sides will end up after independence let the people vote based on the economic data , no campaign with both sides promising impossible bullshit like 350 millions to the nhs . 
  if no wins wait a generation before another vote , stop wasting public money on this and then complain about cuts on healthcare . 
  how fucking nice , terrorist pro erdogan groups in europe , wonderful . 
  really sorry for all the turks , but if the yes wins in the upcoming referendum , we should cut ties with turkey . 
  erdogan has been calling both german and dutch government nazis for the last two weeks , trying to create an enemy to get support for the incoming referendum that would make him a quasi dictator , some idiot that owns a hotel took the bait and now is not allowing german and dutch citizens in his hotel . 
  i swear i saw a few days ago a post about the bbc being threatened with fines for putting brexit constantly in a bad light , now this ... 
  there you go http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/03/22/stop-bias-against-brexit-face-fine-bbc-warned/, 
  the thing is , on monday it was sunny and hot as fuck , like 30 \u00b0 , yesterday when i went to work it was -3 \u00b0 , what the hell is going on lol, 
  spaniard here , can confirm , i 'm handsome . 
  really ? 
  i see plenty of `` leftist '' ( i 'm not sure how this thing became left or right to be honest ) advocating for open borders , i remember seeing at least 3 demonstrations going trough my neighbourhood in the last 5 years saying `` no person is illegal '' `` documents for everyone '' , that 's open borders , so yes , those people are very real . 
  is it better for the sons to pay for the crimes of their fathers ? 
  should i pay for what the conquistadores did in america ? 
  how far should we go ? 
  where do we paint the line and say that was too long ago ? 
  i would n't feel comfortable to ask for money due to my mother 's grandfather being murdered and his lands stolen a few years after the spanish civil war , how many people have to pay the consequences of others people 's acts ? 
  i do n't think any country should be held responsible for something they did 100 years ago . 
  i guess some namibian politician think there is not enough money in the country for him to steal ... fuck this kind of shit , no german should pay for something they did n't commit , asking for reparations 110 years after it happened is just wanting free money . 
  late to the party but want to give some advice to anyone trying to get into a keto diet after reading this chain . 
  this diet might not be for you , it does n't work on everyone , i did this diet for 6 months and lost 10 kilos while on keto ( i went to the gym too , weightlifting with little to no cardio ) and had plenty of strength , i felt better than ever phisicaly when i turned 30 ...
