  but a couple of my training partners had a bad time with the diet , changes of mood , low energy and they did n't even look healthy , be careful when you guys want to start a diet . 
  `` no he visto nada en el video '' no se de que video hablas , he visto la noticia en varios medios pero no he visto ningun video . 
  sorry for switching languages , nothing new to the conversation just trying to know if we are talkinng about the same thing . 
  i mixed two separate events , the one with 4 people in custody with terrorist charges is the one that was asking for amnisty for eta 's prisioners , its in the last paragraph of the article i linked . 
  well , they threw an incendiary artifact to a public building while they were protesting in favour of eta prisioners , not only they support eta , they are being charged with terrorism . 
  you are right , time to fight the people who support them now http://www.elconfidencial.com/espana/pais-vasco/2017-03-14/kale-borroka-ataque-universidad-publica-vasca_1348258/ plenty of room in jail for violent people . 
  how many lives will we lose if we reward violence ? 
  i do n't hear a lot of people complain when they killed carrero blanco ... 
  i always see people saying that when it 's not correct , they form closed communities , some british guy ends up buying a store and bringing british products here , they bring a small part of the uk here , if they go away ( not saying they should ! ), 
  we wo n't lose much . 
  no need to bet , but i live near this place https://www.google.es/amp/ccaa.elpais.com/ccaa/2013/05/16/madrid/1368735522_570134.amp.html try to google translate if you can , more than 200 types of beer , spanish brands , germans , belgians , british , americans and small breweries too , if anyone is planning to visit madrid feel free to pm me and i will send you the location , the place is amazing and not just for drinks , several great places to eat nearby . 
  those uneducated people are voting wilders/trump because they are poorly educated or because the system fucks the lowers classes and wilders/trump are the only ones talking about those issues ? 
  i think its the later , and its a shame because people like trump could n't care less about the lower classes . 
  that 's only if you consider gender theory , woman studies and such education instead of adoctrination . 
  we should make a `` beers of europe '' thread so you guys know what to import . 
  i just wan na say heineken is so bad i thought it was american beer . 
  there are no good guys on that conflict , just different shades of evil , hamas being more evil does n't mean that what your government does is right . 
  because changing the system so i can afford a house and two children it 's not an option right ? 
  those might work . 
  oh , my bad then , i 'm just seeing everyone way too emotional right now and thought the worst when i saw your post . 
  i get you might be joking , but let 's not be so fast to drop bombs on other countries , you can always lift economic sanctions but you ca n't undrop bombs . 
  fuuuuck , this is gon na be ugly , let 's see how it plays out . 
  agree , but i 'm not lying . 
  i downvoted those comments , saying this sub should be closed when europe sleeps and americans post or whining about brigading when the thread has 20 replies and its being downvoted does not add anything to the discussion . 
  are you guys ( sweedes ) worried about integration ? 
  to me it seems like you guys are following france and belgium steps , you guys let in a lot of people with a very different culture , arguably not compatible with swedish values , they do n't mix or interact with sweedes as much as they should , and they form guettos of people living on welfare feeling alienated from the rest of society , add the current state of islam and you have trouble ahead ... 
  sad but necessary disclaimer while talking about this issues ... 
  i do not believe sweeden is a failed state or any of that bullshit the far right spouts about sweeden , just asking an honest question . 
  aaand this is why spain its fucked , cut goverment subsidies to r&d but spend money to keep bullfighting alive , benefits for the church , and of course , contracts and benefits to his friends on the big energy companies , those revolving doors need to keep spinning !, 
  it might be , its more a personal feeling than a fact , i remember seeing those guys constantly in different tv shows over the years while growing up and i hang out mostly with my gf and a gay couple , i have no issues whatsoever with homosexuality ... and thinking about this , the transgender community might need some celebrities to help erase the stigma . 
  it might sound dumb , but i think we have to thank for this boris izaguirre , jes\u00fas v\u00e1zquez and a few other celebrities that helped to `` normalize '' homosexuality . 
  is this satire ? 
  it makes some sense they vote for someone that speaks against muslims , but did n't lepen said some nasty thing about jews recently ? 
  i know her father was anti semitic , dunno about her and the rest of fn . 
  last i heard about jews in france they were leaving the country in records numbers , the rise of lepen and hate motivated attacks from both muslims and the far right would be the main reason for that . 
  funny you say that , because he sounds very similar to the bigots that support ukip or trump ( not saying that every single ukip/trump supporter is a bigot ) if your comment was sarcastic just ignore everything i said lol, 
  you are doing it wrong , you do n't have to choose between cheese and ham , cheese and ham are the perfect combination , like pizza and pineapple or pasta and ketchup . 
  so many attacks and no casualties ? 
  you have some serious problems when you suck so much you are not even good at being a nazi . 
  germany increasing his military ? 
  i guess is time for spaniards to start punching eachother, 
  poor little king , now he 'll have to wipe his tears with 500 $ bills , we should give him even more public money . 
  fuck the crown . 
  i think you should ask that to a spaniard that lives in a mayority black/arab/asian country , as you would expect , i 've heard very few times racial slurs against white people in a country with 85 % or more white population . 
  i would like to add something , most of the times i hear racial slurs , is just people wanting to be a dick and annoy or offend someone they dislike , and the easiest way to do that is to use something as delicate as their target race . 
  i hear racist slurs constantly , south american people insulting moroccans and vice versa , south american people discriminating each other based on skin color and country of origin , muslims attacking jews , asian people against blacks ... should i go on ? 
  not that it would make any difference , it seems you might have some prejuices against white people . 
  because our two main partiese gave us nothing but misery and corruption levels of a third worlds country , people is desperate for change , i voted for podemos altought i do n't agree with most of what they say , but se need new blood in politics , the cost of this new blood might be to high ? 
  maybe , i have no answer for that , what i know is that the social inequality has been increasing for years , especialy during the crisis , its harder and harder to be able to afford a house and sustain yourself , lets not talk about having kids ... something needs to change . 
  30yo from madrid who voted for the far left ( podemos ) last year and wo n't vote for podemos again here , we do n't need a lepen , i guess the people that said that to you just want an antiestablishment party , podemos did not acompish shit and is quite busy fighting itself right now so they look for alternatives on the opposite side of the political expectrum . 
  i would ask the goverment to keep their promises regarding creating jobs and reducing unemployment , money being a finite resource i would sadly have to put the refugee crisis in the background , but hey , to each his own . 
  so basically he is saying there are no `` no go zones '' in sweeden because the police focus their work there , not denying the existence of more dangerous and high crime zones , just saying they actually go there . 
  damn i tought it was serious , brb , i 'm gon na change the batteries to my sarcasm detector . 
  yup , two million muslims in spain , mostly in barcelona , madrid and andaluc\u00eda , some of them integrate better than others , there are still lots of problems with 16 to 24 years old males from north african countries , just like in almost every other eu country where they go ... 
  i disagree , the reason behind a muslim ban its no race , its not even about religion , when you say muslim ban people think about the middle east , nobody says `` yeah i 'm sick of indonesian/philipine/bangladeshy / indian muslims '' , people do n't want migrants that live in a culture closer to the dark ages than to modern western culture , so if you implement a ban that targets a culture its xenophobic in nature , imo the real debate should be whether the ban its justified or not . 
  ermmm ... is there a point on this message ? 
  or you are just calling me racist without knowing my opinion on the matter ? 
  as i said , racist means more `` he disagrees with me '' than anything else right now , you are proof of that , even tought our opinions will be probably very similar , but you ca n't have a discussion about migrants where you allows both sides of the argument right ? 
  that would be racist  there is a limited ammount of times you can cry wolf before people starts ignoring you . 
  you will have to ask trump about that , the question is if people will support a ban of muslim migrants , not if they support trumps ban . 
  i still do n't understand why people call a travel ban racist ( besides to try to shut down conversation ) , you could call it xenophobic because it targets culture , not race , i totally understand if you disagree with the reasons behind it or not think they are not worth the collateral damage the ban might cause ... 
  but to say `` racist '' ... yeah sorry , that word already lost his meaning for me . 
  well , we had to take the entire country back from muslim ocupation , not sure if you can call that offensive even tought the muslim ocupation lasted hundreds of years . 
  living to your username . 
  it actually does affect us in spain , the church still tries to get his claws into pol\u00edtics , has huge tax breaks , and does a lot of shady things ( if you remind me later i can try to link a few , on the subway right now ) , so if we have to push religion again back i 'm all for it . 
  have a nice day buddy !, 
  i 'll take the bait , first of all , i do n't give a fuck about my neighbours , as long as they do n't bother me and do n't hurt anybody they can do as they like , and now something you have to question before you are against cannabis , right now its legal to drink yourself into a coma and you can smoke cigarrets until you get lung cancer , if that is legal , why is cannabis ilegal ? 
  you have any serious answer to that or you are just gon na judge me and insult me without knowing shit about me ? 
  i do n't smoke pot btw . 
  its ... complicated lol , you can watch how it works here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oekgpjw-uw8, 
  i used to work in a branch of the ministery of health that regulated which drugs could be sold in spain , i know for a fact that every year a cannabis association will send a letter with different studies listing the bennefits of cannabis and stuff like that , i also know for a fact that that same letter was ignored for 6 years up to 2011 that i left that place , there is no real push for medical marijuana in spain , even if some parties mention it , its a very low priority . 
  the eu has to catch up with the us ( just some states , i know ) in regards of both , medical and recreational use of cannabis , with how much weed we grow ( ilegally ) in spain we could create a giant market and brings tons of cash and jobs . 
  i was about to submit this , there are also videos for france , italy , greece and thailand . 
  here is their website, 
  i 've seen this answer around five times and its a giant strawman , yes i made a huge generalization , not every group is the same , no legal citizens does n't have the same rights , criminals , minors , some mentally ill people etc , but i tought what i said was very simple to understand , people should not have more or less rights based on gender , race or sexuality . 
  i honestly do n't care about the name , as long as they can get a civil union that gives them the same rights and benefits that marriage gives to straight people i 'm ok with that . 
  it will also shut up everyone against gay marriage , you take away their excuse to try to have a say in other people 's life . 
  its not just about the right to get married , its the benefits married people get compared to single people , inheritances , pensions etc. 
  my phone autocorrects english to random spanish words , is such a pain ... 
  the complains i see in spain about gay marriage is something along the lines of `` marriage is the traditional union between a man and a woman , it should not be called marriage '' and stuff like that , they just argue the name , not the right to be recognized as a couple by the state . 
  i really ca n't understand how can be people that think `` yeah x group should have less rights than me , totally reasonable '' , it really blows my mind . 
  not even advocating to hurt other people ? 
  and i 'm not talking about hurting people 's feelings , i talk about straight up saying a group of people should be killed . 
  personally , that 's where i would limit speech , and i see no difference between a neo nazi asking for gas chambers to kill jews or muslims asking for sharia law that will condemn gays and apostates to death . 
  would it really be settled once and for all ? 
  or if the independence movement loses the vote they will try again un a few years ( like the scottish and quebec ones do ) , that 's my biggest grip against any independence movement , imo it turns something serious into a joke . 
  if the shithead survives his injuries he might be the first `` terrorist '' that we caught alive right ? 
  sorry , i do n't fully understand what you are trying to say , i think you are answering to this '' if we can trust this pic , german tweets were way over represented . '', 
  yes , of course its normal that there is a higher percentage of germans talking about something that happens in germany , but the whole refugee crisis was something followed at a global scale , also , searching how many german twitter accounts exist the highest number i see is 4 million , if we asume as english speakers just americans and british accounts there are 90 million twitter accounts that tweet in english , so i do n't see weird at all that just 23 % of the tweets were in german . 
  i disagree , i do n't talk about merkel on a daily basis , but everytime i see her on the news or newspapper talking about spain and austerity ... oh boy i will talk about her and it wo n't be compliments , so yes , its perfectly normal that way more people tweet about merkel when something bad happens , specially when there is such a hot topic at a global scale like the refugee crisis and germany is in the middle of it . 
  if the article says people used the attack to spread propaganda or push an agenda i 'm not wonna argue that , i agree , but statistics can be used to mislead people and i think the article did that on purpose , the source is a biased as the people they are denouncing . 
  that 23 % figure is missleading , there is probably more than a billion english speakers in the world and about 200 million people speakers german , both figures incluye non native speakers , we should also compare de number of german and english speakers on twitter before we give that 23 % any value . 
  https://www.google.es/search?q=languages+of+twitter&amp;safe=off&amp;client=ms-android-google&amp;prmd=inv&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiss8yw-u7rahxdasakhbcbag4q_auibygb&amp;biw=412&amp;bih=604#imgrc=6gbtoliuqnb03m%3a if we can trustthis pic , german tweets were way over represented . 
  no politician will take the risk of sending troops and have a poor soldier taking prisoner and executed in a propaganda video , personally i do n't think most spanish politicians will give much of a fuck , but it will be career ending for them . 
  not looking forward to that , it will be a `` fun '' day for the markets , both sides will take a hit ... but hey !, 
  that 's what the british people wanted , so lets hope is for the best . 
  good luck !, 
  you do n't have to be open minded about certain views , once we see their hateful ideas we should not tolerate them and cast them away from our society , `` unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance '' is a sad reality . 
  oh then you are not a troll , just a filthy leech that feeds on other people misfortune , that 's mucho better ... 
  i must be really dumb , i always tought the constitution and laws were the limits of what german politicians can do , it turns out it was erdogan and his lackies the ones putting the limits .
