  i ask an honest question , you give a reasonable answer , why do you have to be so passive agressive by adding that last bit ? 
  you know , not everything is male vs female war ... 
  6 years ? 
  really ? 
  she stabbed a police officer in the neck ... is there a huge disparity between male and female sentences in germany like in the us ? 
  edit : i forgot she is just 16 , sentences for minors are usually more lenient ... 
  of course china wo n't shut down the grid , its pretty stupid to think that , the problem of selling vital infraestructure to private companies to other countries is that you can not guarante the quality of the service , future investment to maintain and/ir expand the service and reasonable prices . 
  and no , its not as easy as to `` just take the control back '' , if you do that people wo n't be willing to take the risk and invest in your country . 
  so , sovereignity jokes aside , this is not good for the regular british citizen , some people will make a lot of money at their expense . 
  i spent the weekend on cantabria , if you wanted snow you should go to reinosa ... holy shit , the snow was up to my calves . 
  it blowns my mind how people is so desperate to get rid off trump that they believe a fucking buzzfeed article , everyone was saying that pizzagate was stupid , and this stuff sounds at the very least as crazy as that ... man i really hate this much disinformation , now everything fake news , shills and everyone who disagree with me is a shill , this last american elections have change the world for the worse . 
  edit : a word, 
  not saying any of the 28 could n't get the deal , what i 'm saying is that some countries have more leverage than others , for example , france and germany are in a better position to negotiate than eastern european countries , its a no brainer to me that if this is someone we all agree on we should do it together , not just to get a better deal , but to be all on equal ground , no point on being able to kick out of a germany people that have no right to asylum if they can just get to spain , italy or any other country and try again . 
  this , 28 countries have more leverage than one , if each country tries to do this on his own smaller countries and countries with less ties with north africa will get the short end of the stick . 
  i think it might be accurate , most people against or even neutral about the whole independence movement do n't recognize the legitimacy of all this and wo n't even bother to vote . 
  yup , let 's hope its just that . 
  not so sure this is a terrorist plot , its not new for north african people ( moroccan specially ) to dress as a cop and rob tourist , it happens a lot around airports . 
  edit : typo, 
  should n't be compared the chances of being killed by a terrorist against the chances of being murdered in germany instead of accidents and diseases ? 
  i 'll just edit this message instead of sending the same reply 3 times . 
  everyone has to accept that his life will eventually end , you might die because of a disease , because you are old or you might be unlucky and have an accident , i accept that i might get a cancer because i smoked for a decade , but i refuse to accept as tolerable that somebody ends my or anybody else life because we think different or come from different cultures , to compare a natural disease or an accident wiith terrorism is to downplay the threat , and that threat exist , remember the guys arrested for trying to attack puerta del sol in new year ? 
  they were caught because a neighboor saw an ak-47 magazine on the trash ... if the guy just threw his trash without looking in the dumpster we might have had a tradedy on new years eve , there was another story today about people recruiting young moroccans in spain to attack us in the name of daesh , wether we see it or not the threat exist . 
  so , should we live in fear and not leave our houses ? 
  absolutely not , even after what i said before we are safe , i just do n't like to compare a tragedy ( car accident ) with evil ( terrorism ) , so even if its just a 0,0000025 % chance , i wo n't accept it and i wo n't downplay it . 
  sources of the ak-47 magazine on the dumpster and the two guys recriting for isis , i just saw them in spanish . 
  it 's always moroccans or `` spaniards '' with moroccan roots the ones the ones that try to bomb us , refugees do n't wan na come here for the most part . 
  for reference to the redditors that might not know , people celebrate the new year in the plaza del sol , this year the assistance was limited to 25,000 people ... so grenades or a bomb vest could have been devastating . 
  not really when you struggle to find a job , let 's not even talk about a decent paying job , imo the house market in spain is still w ay more expensive than it should , a 150,000 $ house its 10 years of salary for most people . 
  the last part it 's why we ca n't have a productive conversation about all this , if you talk about economics i can definitely agree with you or at least find some middle ground because i would want something similar or the same for madrid , i do n't want to pay for huge subsidies that end up on politicians pockets on other parts of the country , nobody should tolerate that . 
  but when you talk about feelings you lost me , all i see is brexit 2.0 , campaigns run on missinformation and ignorance ( from both sides ) , i would never agree on a referendum that allows that kind of behaviour from politicians and press , such a big change on so many people lives should come from an informed position , not from emotions and propaganda ( again , blaming both sides on this ) . 
  as a side note , you said `` we '' when i talked about the generalitat fuck ups , i would never blame any politician fuck up on the population and i do n't want any criticism that i make about the generalitat to be taken as a criticism of all catalonia , i hate politicians , i do n't hate millions of people i do n't know . 
  are you saying the generalitat never blames or tries to distract from his own failures mentioning the central goverment ? 
  i 'm not saying that 's the only reason but that 's a big one , same way the central goverment starts talking about other things ( catalonia indepence movement being on of the main ones ) whenever they fuck up or try to pass some sketchy law they do n't want the general public to know about until its too late . 
  every time i hear a politician talking about independence all i think is in which way does he personally benefits from it , this country is full of corrupt politicians and catalonia is no exception . 
  people get very emotional with this subject , so before anyone replies i would liike to point out that i have not said my opinion about the whole thing . 
  decades of their own goverment using madrid as a scapegoat amongst other things . 
  i hate to be pessimist , but no , you ca n't defeat that type of terrorism , there is no clear organization to go after like eta or ira , they are lonewolfs radicalized online , on their local mosque or in jail , you ca n't follow every single muslim that triggers a red flag 24/7 and they proved that they do n't need explosives or even fire arms to do damage , so you lose the biggest indicators to inmediately stop someone ... 
  they kill people motivated by religion , you need to control what imams say in mosques and make sure it 's compatible with german values . 
  drop the victim attitude , everyone gets shit on here , i remember reading people that spaniards where just not looking for jobs , that 's why we had 5 million people unemployed , ignorance plus anonymity is a bad combination , very few people hate you guys , i 've never had a bad interaction with a pole , do n't let a few loudmouths represent a country or europe . 
  people have no clue about racism , they just love yo throw the word around whenever they hear something they do n't agree with or like , it 's a trend , and one i hope it dies soon , i think racism is serious enough to not abuse the word until it looses his meaning ... also , people who abuse the word might want to check out what racism of low expectations is , they might realize they are guilty of what they accuse everyone who disagree with them . 
  edit : grammar, 
  well , i just said in that post that i get profiled for drug and alcohol test when i 'm on the road . . anyway , i can see what you mean by that , as i said profiling is a tool , and tools can be used in the wrong way , the same way i would not be ok with me having a ticket just because i 'm a male between 25 and 30 years old , i 'm not ok with people being treated like a criminal because of their color of skin . 
  something similar happened in madrid after eta used a car bomb , some guy followed two armed terrorist while talking to the police . 
  source in spanish https://www.google.es/amp/elpais.com/diario/2001/11/07/espana/1005087601_850215.amp.html?client=ms-android-google, 
  no clue about this honestly , there are two mentions in the article that it 's mandatory , first time the police officer and then a co-worker . 
  bullshit article , is she trying to imply that a police officer being polite and not fining her for not having her id is racist ? 
  also , why is profiling bad ? 
  should i blame the police officer that mades me do a drug test while i 'm driving just because i belong to the age and gender group most likely to use drugs and drive ? 
  or should i blame every single dickhead driving drunk or high instead ? 
  dunno that much about german politics , this guy is most likely a piece of shit trying to take advantage of a tragedy for personal/political gain , but he is not entirely wrong , the whole refugee situation was and is a mess , you do n't have an accurate number of how many people got in , you do n't know where they came from ( thanks ngos for telling everyone to burn their passaport and claim they come from syria ) , you do n't know where they are and you do n't even know how old they are !, 
  the main stereotype when talking about german people is that they are very cold compared to southern europeans , well you chose the wrong time to act with your heart ( not that i do n't simpatize with the sentiment ) and now you guys have to thread very carefuly , you can adress legit concerns about inmigrants and refugees or ignore them and and label everyone not following the trend as a right wing nut job , altrighter , fascist and every buzzword you can imagine , but maybe not next year , but five years from now you might have a disgusting real extreme right wing party with way more power and representation than it should have , look at the uk and usa and learn from their mistakes . 
  every single region in spain has his own accent , best accent will be galician as long as it 's not too strong , heaviest and worst go together imo , rural accents from galicia , andaluc\u00eda and catalonia , it 's almost like they talk another language , very hars to understand anything they say . 
  it 's the same shit everywhere , in spain we bailed out our banks too , and now our goverment wants to bail out 8 private roads for 3.4 billion ... 
  and you better believe it if you do n't want be labeled as a right wing fanatic , opressor of minorities !, 
  yup , i 'm not wrong , someone already said that lol , not sure if stupid or propaganda accounts . 
  i wish we couls get rid off all the trash the us elections have spread on the sub . 
  pays tribute , interesting ... why not pay for housing for some of the refugees in poor conditions ? 
  can anyone define the alt-right ? 
  i remember hearing and reading about it maybe a couple of years ago , and what i got is young people with liberal ( economic ) ideas and socialy progressive , a counter movement to the pc police on the anglosphere ... and now , i see people saying they are neo nazis and fascist ... 
  words that have little to no meaning to me since people abuse them too much . 
  i disagree , that statement it 's not racist because of the context , he is talking about moroccans as a group because of their crime rates , not because the color of their skin , if people wanted to talk about inmigration and what issues might bring instead of just shouting racist at anyone raising a cuesti\u00f3n we would not have that many far right movements across europe , or at the very least , they would not have any representation . 
  i do n't think anyone cares about his sex life , but is funny to see an islamist gay , you know , isis throw people off buildings for that very reason ... 
  yup , only around christmas , next time you come to spain try to make the trip during the semana santa and try our torrijas . 
  ugh , peoople downvoting different opinions instead of debating ... 
  i would normaly agree with youu , you ca n't just force companies to raise salaries like that , is something close to a 30 % increase to the current minimum wage ( 636 $ if i recall correctly ) , companies will fire people left and right to make up for that extra money they have to expend on salaries ... the problem is that people can not live with the minimum wage , in madrid the cheapest rent you can find is around 400-450 $ , you ca n't afford that plus bills ( electricity in spain is amongst the most expensives ones in the eu ) , food , a transport card/fuel and a long etc. , even if you cut out any social activity . 
  somethings needs to be done , is this a solution ? 
  probably not , it will do both good and harm , but honestly , i do n't see a way out of our current situation : /, 
  ca n't blame the judge for not trusting his claims if he brought them up after his first application was rejected . 
  pretty awful situation to be in :(, 
  42 \u00b0 yesterday at 3 pm , my dog was burning his paws when i got him to take a walk when i came from work :(, 
  i just saw it on tv , glad they did n't need to use lethal force , let 's hope he rots in jail for a very long time . 
  would be interesting to see a graph like this one but about crime in general , assault , murder , theft etc. 
  yup , love the movie but that 's not what i 'm talking about , i fear a genocide if things go really out of control with tena of millions of people trying to rush to europe . 
  i really hope i 'm just talking nonsense and we are able to help african countries to maintain a healthy and self sustainable population . 
  i 'm glad i wo n't be alive to see that , because if i 'm sure something wo n't change by 2100 is that politicians will still ignore issues until they explode in their faces , and if the far right support increased during the last couple of years ... what will happen when the migration problem is 20 worst ? 
  the mods my remove this post and ask you to go to / r/askeurope instead . 
  things to see in madrid , well , what do you enjoy ? 
  i could tell you several museums but you might not like art . 
  regardless of preferences , you have to visit el retiro , big park in the center of the city , very close to gran via , sol and opera , you 'll have plenty of stores around there and places to eat , both local and international chains , i could tell you quite a few places to go , send me a private if you want some addresses , if you are american or from northern europe i can almost guarantee you you have nothing similar to mercado de san fernando , pretty cool place to eat , take some drinks , or both , specially saturdays when they have events , people playing music , dancing etc it 's really hot right now in madrid , bring sunscreen even if you are not pastry white . 
  europe is failing once again to protect his jewish population , i see people being fined for comments against islam , refugees and migrants , but i rarely see people being fined for anti semitic comments or even direct calls of violence , canada sent to prison an imam for calling for the death of jews , why do n't we do the same ? 
  we have laws that allow it . 
  i 'm talking about muslims because this particular murder was committed by one , you can apply everything i said to the far right too . 
  he must listen to ben shapiro every day . 
  let me fix that for you buddy !, 
  `` there is wide support amongst people who would benefit from it that the corporate tax should be roughly zero '' i could keep going telling you how money goes in corporations an disappears in bribes , we could call it lobbying if you are not comfortable with the real name , and tax havens . 
  as always , we need migrants because paying fair wages so i can afford to give a decent life to my kids it 's not an option ... fuck this system, 
  not sure if it 's a good idea to make it public and show your face , look at how many muslims sent threats to that liberal mosque , i would be surprised if this is well received in the muslim community . 
  hold my beer !, 
  i will disagree with 99.99999 % of the things she says , still , i do n't want a linch mob to beat the shit out of a young girl for wrong thinking , does n't matter how disgusting i find what she says . 
  just do a quick thing for me , change lauren southern and far right for muslim and islam and tell me if you find that same phrase you said acceptable , what you think about violence being justified against the far right to protect europe from fascism is the exact same thing they think about themselves using violence to protect europe against islam . 
  how progressive of you !, 
  so bad they did n't beat the shit out of a woman i disagree with !, 
  i dislike lauren , but you are both a coward and a cunt . 
  til , spain took part on libya . 
  from wikipedia : spain participated in air control and maritime surveillance missions to prevent the inflow of arms to the libyan regime . 
  spain also made available to nato the spanish air base at rota . 
  til , you have any source so i can read more about this ? 
  til , you have any source so i can read more about this ? 
  you kill your pets before committing suicide ? 
  you guys up north are savages,
