  almost every leaver i have seen on reddit , should have made it clearer . 
  maybe some think different but i dont put higher expectation on the leave crowd outside of reddit given its demographics . 
  just read every pro leave post and count how many of them want the eu to collapse . 
  i am sure its not every german either but you did n't make that distinction either . 
  what do you think the result of a full collapse of the eu will be ? 
  and every leave voter wants the eu to collapse and every country on the continent to go into recession . 
  sorry that i find it hard to sympathize with their problems . 
  you do n't have to say that . 
  i have n't thought for a second that he represents the french . 
  he represents the_donald , 4chan , alt-right and so on . 
  bulgaria has many problems but we are not really a getting a big slice of the pie even tho that is mostly our mistake . 
  there is no hardball in it . 
  no free movement = no common market . 
  which are those . 
  happy . 
  they can finally go their way and do what they want and the eu wont have to deal with constant blocking and whining . 
  just read his comments . 
  he is a braindead putinbot . 
  nope . 
  well if his bias was towards personal gain he should be for brexit as experts like him will be in high demand for some time . 
  denmark and sweden are closer to netherlands and germany in gdp ppp per capita than to norway and switzerland . 
  its filled with errors , a lot of them are not minor . 
  none really . 
  even the most euroscepetic ones are for change but wo n't vote to leave . 
  there was an article about how different is the british anti-eu situation compared to the rest . 
  i will try to find it . 
  or being super rich , might be a part of it . 
  i have seen a ted-ex talk where some land whale also tried to make a point that the standard comes from ads . 
  it does n't . 
  no matter how much you want fatties on ads it wo n't change that fact . 
  and you do n't seem to grasp the concept of history . 
  fat was desired back in time because it was a symbol of wealth , strength and fertility . 
  none of those are true today . 
  eastern europe , all of it . 
  used to be . 
  which part exactly . 
  gypsies in here will do pretty much anything for money . 
  do you think they would actually care about the teachings of islam . 
  its not about new arrivals . 
  bulgaria has a huge muslim population which never was into the ninja outfits but in recent times we saw a number of those popping up around the country . 
  yes they are a very small number for now but i believe its better to act before it becomes an actual issue . 
  i do n't know how it sound to you but its not at all unlikely . 
  while the video is great the title is simply a joke , do n't have to be mad about it . 
  just get out already . 
  nothing , he usually does n't mean anything . 
  swamp germans ^ pls ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ hate, 
  india is pretty far behind . 
  i do n't think that is bad . 
  countries that do n't like the idea of confederation/federation should leave and let the eu move forward . 
  if it end up breaking it so be it . 
  if we take that map bulgarians look like 50 % slavic but recent studies claim we are more thracian so idk how indicative haplogroups are in reality . 
  do you know what stands behind those statistics or you just like random numbers ? 
  we have insane problems with roma integration , rural population and pensioners . 
  there is no leeway , the working people are barely holding this shit together . 
  we ca n't afford to share responsibility , especially to people we have nothing in common with . 
  we have no history of meddling in the middle east and no responsibility towards fixing it . 
  if anything , our current situation owes a lot to the region . 
  you simply do n't realize what the word responsibility means . 
  no idea . 
  we have so much shared history all the way from the thracians/dacians through the middle ages and up to today . 
  even genetically we are probably closer to each other than to any other slavic or latin nation ( except for macedonia and moldova but those are different topic ) . 
  ye in bulgarian it is \u0428\u0432\u0430\u0431\u0438 , \u0448 being the sound of sch . 
  well its the same then , we do call them `` germanci '' as well , we even use `` swabi '' as a third option , lol . 
  nice response time . 
  i bring up poverty because it is much more important issue that needs to be tackled . 
  when your country ca n't help its own people it does n't have the luxury in importing people which would increase the level of poverty . 
  once again , it is up to your country to decide if the can or can not help someone from outside . 
  if i was from lebanon for example , i would be completely against the insanity of accepting 1 million refugees in a country of this size . 
  how much do you pay for a 750 gr nutella jar , or any other size if you do n't have this one ? 
  just communist things, 
  ca n't wish you the same . 
  yep i am certainly a nazi for showing your complete lack of mental capabilities . 
  people are just showing how you try to derail the topic into a completely irrelevant `` oh its the far right '' in a thread about fucking chechnya . 
  you might have called them communists as well , for the concentration camp similarity , but that would be as moronic . 
  and we know that you obviously wont be using that example as something negative . 
  because its useless you tool . 
  nazi is not a catch all word for bad people , it has a fucking meaning . 
  is iran following the nacional-socialist doctrine ? 
  they kill gays too , must be the same ? 
  lmao you complete moron , i am not defending shit , i am saying they were n't the only monsters to do so , meaning that there is n't any special reason to compare muslims extremist to them . 
  people do n't choose to be neutral , they are left to . 
  and why would it be nazis ? 
  because of concentration camps ? 
  you realize those were n't unique to the nazis ? 
  dude , no need for the platitudes . 
  make love , lol . 
  you do n't spend on military because of your geography , not because you are some peace loving hippies . 
  not big but still a part of the game , i d say more important players than denmark , which you choose to mention . 
  and german and russian and italian . 
  so does russia , that is the inequality part . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a1ndor_cs%c3%a1nyi_ ( banker ) ? 
  less inequality and also the fact that india has 10 times the population . 
  often ? 
  lol no . 
  almost nobody calls anything under 100m a skyscraper . 
  if anything 150 is becoming the more common description . 
  if they wanted to show that story they would have cut the asthmatic chap , as you called him . 
  it 's not like the other guys were warmongers either , it was just the hooligan looking clown . 
  the west is forcing the migration with the open borders . 
  if your leaders did n't like it they would have closed them long time ago , but that cheap labor is just too sweet .
