  i always feel good when people who pull shit out of their ass get more educated . 
  as opposed to wearing stuff that fits well . 
  which standards exactly ? 
  debt , unemployment ? 
  ca n't wait to hear the brexiters tell us that we should invest more into relationship with the us and shun china . 
  oh wait , they already did . 
  you got these gdp figures out of your ass . 
  does n't matter anyway , they were a super small minority that completely vanished between all the thracian and slavic cultural amalgamation . 
  or both . 
  the same way as the russians , they do n't buy original . 
  you look like a clown with loose jeans . 
  i do n't know who you are talking about . 
  every nationalist and neo nazi in this country is also a russophile . 
  nope , also known as pushing out or buying any smaller company . 
  the way the german stores do it . 
  i do n't care enough to track the stats so i am willing to give that to you . 
  the corporate interest was the main point i wanted to make anyway . 
  and ? 
  now its decreasing even faster . 
  judging from the people with catalan flags i have seen on this sub i have to say that i believe you completely . 
  i am happy that more people are starting to see through the very thin veil of western tolerance . 
  yep and in return western countries get to expand their corporate power and cheap labor force . 
  the so called funds are not even close to the value the west gets from the deal . 
  the exception being poland , which gets massive funding . 
  lmao , we have sacrificed local companies in the name of western corporative interests , we are facing demographic crisis and all this for some measly funds which do n't have any actual impact on the living standards of the average citizen . 
  maybe poland . 
  the others do n't benefit so much . 
  i know people from western europe do n't like to hear that tho . 
  i see that you are pushing them narratives really hard . 
  which one is it , did you get banned or you are just hiding behind an alt ? 
  do you guys get paid like the putin_bots for the job ? 
  i hope you do , otherwise its just sad . 
  now those are some inhumane conditions !, 
  lmao , you are directly benefiting from years of colonial abuse , it does n't matter if you are english cumstain . 
  not according to your graph , clown . 
  if anything , vietnam and china have far more in common with ee than the western europe . 
  portugal and vietnam have the same culture . 
  what does bulgaria have to do with the armenian genocide lmao . 
  you are clueless . 
  how would you describe the anti-irish and italian sentiment in the states . 
  portugal and sweden are basically the same tho , lmao . 
  nice try . 
  deflection towards the government and other powerful national organisations is a good way to say , the people did nothing wrong . 
  it is just lovely irony that the british are screaming about immigrants after being one of the main sources of immigration in history . 
  yep , we dont . 
  we do n't share your history of colonization , genocide and abuse . 
  you should have thought about homogeneous societies when you started colonizing the world , becoming one of the main sources of global immigration . 
  yep , thats what this sub did when the `` 80 million turks will be coming to the uk '' was gaining traction in your country . 
  you do n't know shit , do n't act as if you do . 
  that 's some pretty funny shit coming from you . 
  the attitudes towards the way the uk handled the vote do n't vary that much . 
  our original culture was that of the thracians the same as you . 
  the bulgars were a small ruling elite that assimilated completely in the local traditions and customs . 
  other than the name we do n't have much left from them . 
  it is reasonable because of bread/rice/pasta . 
  i do n't think i have had a meal without at least one of those . 
  you heard of cheese , butter , eggs and milk ? 
  stuff like onions , olives , good amount of fruit and some vegetables . 
  i personally can live without potatoes , but i sure as hell ca n't give up on my dairy intake . 
   seriously , how did europe survive without the americas ? 
  wheat and animal products . 
  and rice should fall under `` cereal '' . 
  we do n't eat breakfast cereal at all , but we do eat a lot of bread . 
  it 's the same as here , the capital is not one of the best cities . 
  ohrid is far better . 
  some of the highest rates seem to be in the west , which has the least muslims . 
  * western europe was a mess . 
  our [ version ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaloyan_of_bulgaria ) . 
  they were turkic indeed but the did n't really leave any lasting heritage thanks to their low numbers . 
  other than the name , modern day bulgarians have nothing to do with them . 
  we are mainly descended from the thracians and after that from slavs which set the cultural norms . 
  it 's funny that you know more about us than that guy . 
  cheers !, 
  in the eu , sure , in europe no way . 
  when you have shitholes like skopje and chisinau its not even close . 
  you guessed right . 
  i guess you can say it 's a tradition . 
  used to . 
  do n't think i do anymore . 
  i wo n't hold my breath for any source . 
  nope . 
  the quality and price of electronics is the same everywhere . 
  the cheap shit is the same trash and the expensive ones are good , that is what matters . 
  once again , i am talking about electronics , which believe it or not are the same ( just more expensive relative to our standard of living ) . 
  detergents and other cleaners are indeed shit , this is probably the category with the biggest difference in quality . 
  i do n't think apparel is really that different , most people simply ca n't afford the more expensive stuff here . 
  its not like mass market brands make their stuff in europe . 
  food can be a problem but there are good alternatives to most things . 
  our local produce is of higher quality than a large chunk of western europe . 
  the vegetables in spain were bland as fuck ( meat is very good tho ) and its not even one of the worse places in europe . 
  food wise , the things we import from western countries are not something we ca n't live without so you can `` vote with your wallet '' as they say . 
  anybody who buys nutella here needs a check from the doctor . 
  cause you probably buy cheap junk mate . 
  i am currently typing this on a 6 years old acer and the only problem i ever had is 1 broken button on the keyboard . 
  six fucking years , this machine should have died a long time ago . 
  and my point was only about tvs , but you can add other electronics as well . 
  they are 99 % made in asia and they are the same here as in any place in europe . 
  unfortunately the price is also the same but that is the way things work in the sector . 
  how are the tvs any different , lmao . 
  ye , the players attacking him was super low .
