  other countries simply started having a bigger share of the pie , the same way europe accounts for less and less of the global gdp today with the rise of other developing nations . 
  i also do n't get how the the indian example goes against anything i said . 
  australia - a british colony with european majority versus india with pretty much no europeans left . 
  which one is a success and which is n't . 
  or you are trying to claim that india without colonization would be having 20-30 % ofc current day gdp ? 
  i hope that is not the point you are trying to make as it would be laughable . 
  what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  how can you sprout such uneducated shit when you can just open basic stuff like wikipedia and get the facts for yourself ? 
  uruguay , chile , mexico and columbia are gargantuan failures but somehow the french african colonies are not ? 
  you are clueless . 
  the worst french colonies are worse than the worst spanish ones and the same goes when we compare the best . 
  there are pretty much no french people left in africa , while the population of countries like argentina is of more than 90 % european descent . 
  the best british colonies are the ones with the biggest amount of people of european heritage . 
  wan na compare the best spanish colonies to the rest ? 
  you can follow the percentage of amerindians . 
  and before some retard jumps like a monkey screaming racism , the results have nothing to do with skin colour and everything to do with culture . 
  so indonesia and algeria are doing better than argentina ? 
  good to know . 
  as far as politically incorrect facts go , the colonies doing better are the ones that have less of the native population left . 
  take that as you wish . 
  well it 's normal . 
  first , we do n't really give a fuck about mexican food and second we do n't really have many mexicans here . 
  thread about germans and refugees ? 
  have to whine about the british !, 
  do n't they have like a kit kat special store ? 
  [ dat logo doe . 
  ] ( http://assets.vice.com/content-images/contentimage/no-slug/d49809d0146c7dbdcfbc5e25d90c63a7.jpg ), 
  so at the end of the day you say you would fuck off as well ? 
  i dont say i disagree with you ( i would do the same in that situation , except for the fact that i would n't move to such a country in first place ) but you are basically confirming that you will leave . 
  i mean he is from belgium . 
  do n't think he would notice any change . 
  yes in accordance to the wishes of the person while he was alive . 
  when you are dead it does not matter . 
  i cant believe you are talking about incoherent mess . 
  and the state not letting people claiming corpses has nothing to do with your presumed rights of dead people but with the eventual anarchy that will come from the lack of state protection . 
  by getting his will enacted on people who are alive . 
  that is why they exist . 
  the will is relevant only for living people . 
  the dead do n't care get that in your fucking head . 
  if you dont have anyone or anything you would want to mention in your will it becomes completely worthless . 
  the same goes for your body if there is n't anyone who gives a fuck about it after you die . 
  both have to do with the rights of your relatives and people close to you your will and body affect only people who are alive . 
  again , you stop existing the moment you die . 
  i dont think you need to rationalize with that guy . 
  he does not seem to be very bright . 
  that analogy is so dumb people are at risk of getting cancer just by reading it . 
  your body is not yours when you are dead , your house is n't , your money are n't and so on . 
  you do n't have any rights which are to be violated when you are dead . 
  you dont exist . 
  a lifeless body is as much `` you '' as the dump you took this morning . 
  it should be assumed that you dont give a fuck since you dont fucking exist and only if your family gives a fuck about this specific thing they can decide to opt out . 
  i cant fucking believe people write such shit in here . 
   because religion is something recognized as deeply embedded in the personality of people , whereas political views are not . 
  and that needs to fucking change . 
  religion does not deserve any special treatment . 
  no one glorifies the mongols . 
  they did not contribute to art , philosophy , industry , architecture or anything . 
  just a bunch of nomadic horse raiders who left no important legacy after the end of their empire . 
  the case with the ottomans is pretty similar but not as drastic . 
  we still have big corruption and quite a lot of nationalists and big time xenophobes , so shit is still not great . 
  speaking about my country in particular there is also a big dose of anti intellectual cult and easy money obsession proliferated by our infamous chalga culture . 
  so thing are indeed moving forward but we still have some big problems . 
  well that is how reddit works and you seem to be well aware of it . 
  bitching about it does nothing . 
  bitch you are on reddit . 
  every shit on here is an echo chamber , some more drastic some less . 
  the only thing you are mad at is that its not the kind of chamber you like . 
  go to uk politics if you want your decision to be justified and praised . 
  reddit is an interesting place . 
  most nationalistic posts on this sub usually get downvoted yet in this thread its the other way around . 
  that was unexpected . 
  i mean if it 's about contribution you should delete all your comments and close your account . 
  brits whining about it are pretty funny tho . 
  so you compare a political statement , which may or may not have any basis on reality to a completely racist terminology and call it the same . 
  another anecdote for my bag . 
  you can call me when brits and germans start getting called subhumans and get beaten to death on the streets of slovakia , poland and so on . 
  does `` those german subhuman immigrants are making our country shit '' pop up often ? 
  i will take your anecdote to heart and put it in my bag of anecdotes . 
  i like how it has nothing to do with europeans or racism against them , as it was in my claim which you are trying to debunk . 
  i also like how `` everything western '' was a code for american . 
  sheltered , lmao . 
  99 % of people here dont have the `` sheltered '' life that westerners can . 
  and where do you live ? 
  serbia ? 
  a cis country ? 
  first , this is not russia . 
  second , do n't project the western tendencies on eastern europe . 
  we do n't have racist issues against other europeans the way westerners do . 
  beautiful stuff . 
  would love to live in czech rep. in the future . 
  brits talking about colonization is the funniest shit on the internet . 
  and there is no prejudice against blacks and muslims in the west ? 
  the difference is that you just add eastern europeans to the list of hated ones . 
  typical greek thinking it was all about antiquity and the middle ages were all `` dark '' . 
  europe was having a renaissance while we were riding donkeys during the ottoman era . 
  there was never a chance for resurgence after the stagnation while we were under ottomans . 
  it would strengthen the relations between the other eu countries , not strengthen the eu overall . 
  context is not so hard . 
  le german humor . 
  lol indeed .
