  irrelevant , i want nato gone . 
  again , i do n't . 
  i am happy that he is pushing towards its end . 
  if we are going to talk about gratitude , the only time nato was used in any real capacity was when europeans went to fight in an american war . 
  good job denmark !, 
  much better than the new sweden video . 
  yours as in british . 
  i already said that there is no coming back so we can agree on that . 
  laughable , so much of your whole leave campaign was based on hate of everything european and you keep playing the victim . 
  years of negativity and contempt and you have the audacity to say that we are the ones betraying the friendship . 
  the only thing you are right about is that there is no coming back , at least not in the next 20-30 years . 
  why did you guys stop vetoing the uk after he died . 
  are you the speaker of the british people ? 
  i guess the users on uk/politics are fake . 
  coming from soros conspiracy nut . 
  so , you do n't wash your hands ? 
  this submission is about privacy rights not economy , might wan na check the thread you are in . 
  and nope , i do n't wish you to have a civil war . 
  the local situation within your country does not concern me , only your foreign policy . 
  i do n't see how any of this opposes my view that the usa is not a friendly country . 
  germany has no wish to be the leader of the free world , the ones making that claim are americans . 
  i do n't see anyone saying that the us economy will collapse , it is not even a topic here , the sub is too preoccupied with brexit news to give a fuck about your economy . 
  i also do n't see how the guy wishes you a civil war , he say he would not be surprised , given the seemingly increasing divide in your country its not that big of a leap . 
  he might be very wrong on that front but that is the way he perceives the situation . 
  you might not be an enemy yet but you sure as hell are not a friend and its time to stop the delusions . 
  because it means small bull ... 
  i am not saying it goes to some other place . 
  i am saying that i am against increasing spending while being in nato and for it , if its needed for common eu defense . 
  all for increasing the spending if it goes to eu army , not nato . 
  its standard procedure , you blame the eastern europeans until things go to shit . 
  russophobia , islamophobia and so on . 
  separatism , not even once . 
  i heard there are people who buy used girl panties . 
  so there is that . 
  having inferiority complex is now a meme ? 
  you are a walking caricature mate , there is nothing to discuss with you . 
  keep going alex jones, 
  i try to not give much attention to empty words and rather look at current political climate . 
  not many honorable americans then , the only thing the french get for the revolutionary war is white flag jokes and surrender memes , the spanish and dutch do n't even get mentioned . 
  meaningless platitudes are cool tho . 
  much blood was shed throughout history . 
  americans fought against the british and later with them . 
  the world changes . 
  when you say in eastern europe , everyone accepts its the same for every country , so yep if you want to discuss actual problems you go one by one . 
  you say its a problem * here * , * here * and * here * its a problem in poland ? 
  you say poland . 
  its an issue with romania , you say romania . 
  that is how it works . 
  the problems certain ethnicity has in spain for example does n't mean its the same in portugal or italy . 
  so you do n't say southern europeans treat < insert ethnicity  like trash . 
  do you feel enlightened now ? 
  the population of gypsies in bulgaria/slovakia and cz is not really small compared to the other countries . 
  you ca n't be that dumb . 
  i will have to give it to the famous lack of english skills in france . 
  you ca n't say there was slavery in eastern europe and then talk only about romania . 
  you can say there was slavery in romania , period . 
  bulgaria , slovakia , czechia and so on do n't get to be dragged along just because you are ignorant and it fits your narrative . 
  nah you choose to be a moron . 
  you do n't get to make a story about a whole region when it is true only for some of the countries . 
  nothing to do with being pc . 
  i have no problem with the term itself , but when it is used in subjects which are not comparable , as with this case . 
  because i though you are romanian , so your country in that case would have been romania . 
  i guess i was wrong and it was some other obnoxious guy with french flag . 
  this changes nothing at the end , you should learn to use correct terminology . 
  the ussr and the warsaw pact do n't exist anymore . 
  if i was to write about french atrocities in africa i wont say western european massacre . 
  i will be exact . 
  its not , neither is the usa , neither is canada and so on . 
  so to bitch and moan about china is pretty weak . 
  once again , slavery in romania , not slavery in eastern europe , learn to read . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porajmos you can go to le numbers section for some extra content . 
  a romanian in france talks about confronting gypsies . 
  also the slavery you keep bubbling about was a problem in your country not in `` eastern europe '' . 
  le vice `` news '', 
  as in being unable to win election ? 
  sure . 
  nobody is taking shit with nukes . 
  the moment they go out almost everyone in the northern hemisphere is dead . 
  they were indeed wrong . 
  it was a mistake taking the british prime minister seriously . 
  we are trading with the usa after all so we ca n't say we are that much of a human rights champions . 
  i do n't remember china bombing countries into oblivion in recent years . 
  where ? 
  i keep seeing that stupid comment but i ca n't see the pro ttp ones . 
  where are those ? 
  are you telling me there were no pro ttp people on reddit ? 
  hate western civilization . 
  lmao . 
  your ratio is one of the better ones . 
  with more than 1.4 million followers , but he never gets more than 400 retweets and 0 replies . 
  yeaaa ... 
  i believe it will be . 
  i bet it would have been still on the top if the pig posted it on facebook . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_asia good enough for me . 
  and japan is even lower . 
  its funny how people try to equate any of this to development . 
  you can get of britain but you cant get the brit out of yourself . 
  not really . 
  why do you think that they have to be either or , ca n't they be their own thing ? 
  hungary wins .
