  come on mate , you are not even trying with the false information here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people_in_bulgaria https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomaks bulgaria has more than 10 times more roma people than pomaks , educate yourself before sprouting bullshit . 
  bulgarians and turks are not close at all and ethnic bulgarians are mostly descended from the native inhabitants of the land . 
  and nope , nobody can do shit when we decide to change the citizenship law . 
  nobody is excommunicating anyone , the bulgarian turks living in here usually do n't hold turkish citizenship . 
  folks like me are the majority . 
  nobody in bulgaria is fine with the touristic vote of paid people who do n't care about the country . 
  `` this community is of turkish ethnic consciousness and differs from the majority bulgarian ethnicity and the rest of the bulgarian nation by its own language , religion , culture , customs , and traditions . 
  dna research investigating the three largest population groups in bulgaria : bulgarians , turks and roma confirms with y-chromosmal analysis on str that there are significant differences between the three ethnic groups . '', 
  i bet the aboriginal australians cared for the difference when the british decided to use their land as penal colony . 
  i fucking love it when colonialists talk about oppression . 
  for 500 years the bulgarians were oppressed and for some reason i should feel bad that at the end the oppressors lost . 
  my county and my people are going to decide how the laws work here , thank you very much for your opinion . 
  when we change the law they will have to decide if they want to be bulgarian or turkish citizens . 
  what ? 
  `` bulgarian turks are the descendants of ** turkish settlers ** who entered the region after the ottoman conquest of the balkans in the late 14th and early 15th centuries , as well as bulgarian converts to islam who became turkified during the centuries of ottoman rule.however , it has also been suggested that some turks living today in bulgaria may be direct ethnic descendants of earlier medieval pecheneg , o\u011fuz , and cuman turkic tribes . '', 
  the bulgars were a tiny portion of the population and they assimilated into the thracian/slavic cultural mix . 
  i never said all sudeten germans . 
  in fact its most that were with the nazis , but none were given different treatment even if they were n't . 
  for the last time , they will be given the chance to choose , the same way things work in every country which does n't allow dual citizenship . 
  ofc they colonised the lands with settlers . 
  there were no turks in bulgaria before the ottoman conquest . 
  the indegenious people of the land are the thracians , the people from which most modern bulgarians descent . 
  they account for like 60 % of the bulgarian gene pool while slavs are around 20-30 and the turkic influence is negligible . 
  not all sudeten germans were working with the nazis , but as you have shown history is not your strong suit . 
  they were not given any chance to change , they were just kicked out . 
  if those people want to be bulgarian citizen , they will still be able to , but they have to make a choice . 
  the communist conversions are gone , if they want to be in bulgaria they can be , if they do n't they can keep their turkish citizenship and stop voting in a country to which they feel no loyalty . 
  just preferential access to the market for western companies . 
  or that sweet cheap labor , mhmmm good stuff . 
  i guess those highway money are really worth it tho . 
  you are a good doggy tho neighbor , go wag your tail and they might show you some appreciation . 
  lmao , top joke . 
  there is no comparison to the ottoman empire spreading in the balkans the way the russians did in asia and the baltics . 
  sure thing . 
  bulgrians did n't choose to share their lands with turks either but it was not up to them , was it now . 
  czech republic and poland should give the expelled germans the right to vote as well . 
  if they are trully bulgarian they can keep their bulgarian citizenship and deal away the other one , simple stuff . 
  well since suspecting is irrelevant , i will have to do it for you . 
  they live in turkey full time . 
  they just come to vote and have no involvement outside of it . 
  the netherlands has around 17 mil people . 
  the map shows a decent chunk of east and southeast england alongside london . 
  you can tell me how much is the population of that region . 
  does n't have to be residents , you just remove dual citizenship and its done . 
  there is nothing bulgarian about an ethnic turk , living in turkey , who cant speak bulgarian . 
  i 'd rather not have him decide what is best for my country . 
  there is a good reason why most countries bordering russia do n't allow dual citizenship , we should learn from them . 
  the region in the map has also more people than them . 
  you did a great job with the post , kudos . 
  what ? 
  the people in the buses are coming from turkey , they are not from harmanli or haskovo . 
  they are on the news every time this happens and when the reporters talk to them they start talking in turkish or wait for some of the ones knowing bulgarian to translate . 
  most of them cant speak bulgarian . 
  its a joke abuse of the law but that is the problem , the law needs change . 
  the retarded nationalist are as useless with their blockades as they are when they have to act in the parliament . 
  it became the first global empire , if that was for good or bad is another question . 
  barcelona is not richer than madrid and rome is second only to milan . 
  hopefully there wo n't be need for either . 
  we do n't really know much about volya outside of the main guy . 
  for all we know it can be filled with the same type of people as the patriots . 
  volya is led by a complete moron known for his shadowy business . 
  he is gaining votes only because he undercuts fuel and drug prices . 
  it 's going to be one of the worst elections ... 
  those possible coalitions tho . 
  dps and the united patriots together , lol . 
  i have taken on the task of increasing wine consumption in bulgaria . 
  lmao . 
  i really pity people that think something is n't credible if its not approved by some germanic country . 
  its the most normal thing that bulgarians study the history of their people and not some other country . 
  do you think brits should study the origins of ukrainians to make the theory credible ? 
  the study also included italian scientists , since you need your western input . 
  inferiority complex is a hell of thing . 
  are they ? 
  very high hdi , members of oecd , high income economies according to the world bank . 
  at which point do they become `` developed '' ? 
  lmao . 
  yep , prostitution in western europe pays really well . 
  so austria is no longer germanic ? 
  it 's not famous because its not rich , lul . 
  the roma people get more than enough money , relative to the living expenses in the country . 
  well , thinking is one and knowing is another . 
  you obviously are lacking in the second department . 
  nothing happened , they simply assimilated into the new dominant culture of the region . 
  genetically they are still the main source of the modern day population of the region . 
  the bulgars were a small minority which was assimilated into the dominant slavic culture . 
  the same way the french were ruled by germanic franks which in time assimilated into the latin/celtic culture . 
  that is not true , the most current genetic test shows we are still mostly of thracian descent to this day . 
  the thracians were n't killed of , they assimilated into slavic culture . 
  we are thracians . 
  they are by far the main genetic sources of modern bulgarians , followed by slavs . 
  there is nothing turkic about modern day bulgarians . 
  ye i thought for a long time that this guy is romanian immigrant because he always has something to say about the country , especially on the topic of roma people . 
  they would die or adapt if they were n't in fucking europe , where we give housing and welfare money . 
  put them in the states and their lifestyle would change within one year . 
  in the rural countryside , where they can do whatever they want without facing any repercussions . 
  that is their usual habitat either way . 
  well depending on context it can be used that way even now . 
  you can also talk about the english `` word '' having a broader use . 
  for example , how would you translate `` the word of god '' ?
