  how big was the population of istanbul in 1800s when the janissaries where at their peak at more than 130k ? 
  unfortunately the forceful conversations and the legacy of complete shit are not a myth . 
  no , i think it left a mark . 
  i am getting tired of the myth of the tolerant ottomans perpetuated by modern day islamic apologist . 
  ofc its just part of it . 
  but it was n't in anyway a low number . 
  you were n't 80 millions back in the day . 
  if the total number from history is like 250k ( very low estimate ) just for the soldiers and an unknown number of girls taken , while ottoman population was in the range of 15-30 mil , you can bet it has left a mark on you demographics , especially in the western parts . 
  downvotes wo n't change history but you ca n't expect much from genocide deniers . 
  that is my point . 
  i would be like `` fuck you for lying to me '' and just leave . 
  this video is not really about homosexual acceptance tho , is it ? 
  you can be 100 % fine with lgbt people and still be mad when you hear that your boy/girlfriend is gay . 
  that is actually some vile shit . 
  janissaries and brides for the harems make for a diverse population indeed . 
  to fix your confusion you can just hover on top of the flag with your mouse . 
  it says ** india ** . 
  should sign bad deals just for the sake of it !, 
  yay !, 
  no matter how much clowns like you think you are helping someone it wo n't become a fact . 
  handouts do n't exist . 
  i bet it hurts your little self esteem , but it 's nothing new . 
  at the end of the day nl is still the same nazi stronghold it always was . 
  you are n't paying any bills . 
  you are paying for cheaper labour and unobstructed access to the markets for your corporations . 
  your country in particular is one of the biggest benefactors of the eu . 
  no need to lie to yourself . 
  99 % could n't care less . 
  do you feel better now ? 
  go write alternate history book . 
  if you were alone you would be speaking german today . 
  i do n't want to point anything at us , you are the main guy doing the whataboutism in this thread . 
  top joke mate . 
  what about usa might be popular on world news , but here its all about that russian hate . 
  i am not at all fond of russia but do n't act as if this is popular on r/europe . 
  3.03 , 100 % on mobile , ez . 
  should try the african ones , might be more interesting . 
  you are giving hungary money ? 
  sure thing . 
  eu subsidies are not free money . 
  some day people might realize . 
  lmao , how do you even function . 
  have n't seen such moron on reddit in some time . 
  what a gold mine of quotes . 
  the true brexiter in all its glory . 
  yep india getting independence and the uk leaving is the same thing . 
  literally millions of brits died in the name of the eu . 
  another post with deflection and no answer to the topic . 
  and you should be aware by now that i am happy with the result of the brexit vote . 
  damn did n't want to guess ? 
  you should be able to find a list of countries who got their independence from the uk . 
  you should also be able to find the one with the full breakdown with british atrocities throughout history . 
  it 's one of the longest ones , definitely a leader in there . 
  india , south africa , kenya , the slave trade and many many more . 
  i have no doubt you are proud of those as well . 
  i take that as a confirmation for nothing on the personal front . 
  not unexpected . 
  you want to discuss some other lists ? 
  i find them as fascinating as that one . 
  you have a even bigger lead in those . 
  wan na guess which ones i am talking about . 
  he was born in america in first place but if i go through the list of brits and remove those who are not actually british you would get a much shorter list , not that its in any way relevant . 
  it 's a normal reaction tho , i understand . 
  people who have achieved nothing in life always feel the need to group themselves with important people as if they share anything in common . 
  it 's rather sad . 
  once ? 
  what 's up with your english dude ? 
  i dont think i am that great at it but it seems i am using your language better than you . 
  if you knew about the history of the computer you would n't need to ask . 
  nice edit . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  thankfully there is no need to pass through the uk to go anywhere , guess i am lucky . 
  be been ? 
  is that supposed to be have been ? 
  that must be the queen 's english i keep hearing about . 
  i am fine with my shithole and you seem to be content with yours . 
  the difference seems to be that you decided to visit mine while i wont visit yours . 
  i do n't need to live in the uk to feel that way . 
  i know people who were/are still there so i can get the general attitudes . 
  its not like op was touring europe and concluded that he is not welcome . 
  this concept might be foreign for you seeing that you get your information from buzzfeed , but learning about a country and going there is not the same thing . 
  i do n't have one ukip boy . 
  if i did i would have been all over going to the uk but i ca n't be bothered to set foot on your damp island . 
  i would need to lose a bet for that to happen . 
  i get why that karma is so vital to you . 
  all that internet oppression must be akin to slavery for such individual . 
  poor thing . 
  internet hate points , so traumatic . 
  try real world before crying . 
  as a follow european i feel unwelcome in the uk . 
  thankfully , this was never going to be a problem for me . 
  deal with your victim complex . 
  who cares about eastern europe ? 
  do n't you see how we hurt the feelings of the british ? 
  literally oppression . 
  its called gypsy summer . 
  i am rather indifferent . 
  they destroyed one when i was young and i do n't really think they should have . 
  it all depends on people being educated and knowing history . 
  the same way there is a museum in berlin , explaining the atrocities of the nazis .
