  the same way homophobia is not actually fear of gay people and antisemitism does n't include any other semitic group other than jews . 
  i heard about dead dolphins in the black sea but nothing about hunting them . 
  if i am not mistaken its mostly due to pollution . 
  well , lets just say that we are not on super friendly terms with any of our neighbours with the exception of romania . 
  i have missed that polandball . 
  i thought it would be the one about our neighbours but this is a good one too . 
  since i recently watched the live action adaptation of ghost in the shell ( did n't expect much so i missed it during the theatre release ) i should point out that kenji kawai 's original theme is inspired by bulgarian folk songs . 
  macaron seems to enjoy his company . 
  sides on what ? 
  that is why it was talking about the future . 
  now we are past that point . 
  guess france is out . 
  what fucking gun you clown . 
  i do n't even say anything about their punishment . 
  sorry that i am not more concerned for the well being of the offenders , which should not be even be here , than that of the victims . 
  you do n't seem to value the lives of the actual victims very highly , but that is nothing new from you . 
  it is , that much has been know for years . 
  the thing is that the other models are even worse . 
  if people want to get rid of capitalism , they need to think of something better than communist garbage . 
  free to start a company , lmao . 
  you have no basic understanding of economics , do you ? 
  i laughed so hard when i saw this post because i instantly thought of the spanish video . 
  witty , lmao . 
  depends on who you are . 
  its infinitely better for an eastern european to go to the states than to any western european nation . 
  its pretty hard to be filled with eastern europeans when the userbase is by and large predominantly western european . 
  where did you see the tesla , or you were just listing currently popular brands ? 
  as irrelevant as today ? 
  nah just germany , right ? 
  the different ticking sounds of the subsaharan tribes count as diversity . 
  i like how you point out 3 separate instances of what is basically the same place . 
  relatively easy for food but very problematic for cleaning detergents . 
  the big problem is that the products are not cheaper . 
  whatever mate , you are free to live with your delusions and get triggered every time people confront them . 
  mate , you are a joke . 
  go tell that to some historian and get laughed out of the room . 
  pointing out reality does n't mean people like you , lmao . 
  a greek with superiority complex is some laughable shit . 
  lmao , mate you post the same shit in every thread . 
  you actually believe we want to be like the greeks ? 
  lmao . 
  people are giving you simple facts nobody wants to be like you . 
  if you think you can touch them before they fly you are delusional . 
  simply not true . 
  many factual comments get overpowered . 
  people have no problem downvoting factual statements if they do n't align with their ideas . 
  not really . 
  there is no such thing as unbiased discussions on reddit . 
  i remember the brexit threads when anything not `` pro-eu '' was at -40 . 
  you do want an echochamber but i wo n't hold it against you , because that 's how reddit works . 
  well this discussion is useless so i intend to end it here . 
  you think people hate it because the idea i think they do because of the actions . 
  does n't seem like you would change your opinion and i wo n't change mine . 
  the communist idea of `` equality '' is something i do n't see as agreeable . 
  used to be ? 
  are you claiming this sub is not pro-eu or just the poles ? 
  lmao . 
  the actions matter . 
  i ca n't tell you what about it is `` inherently evil '' because there is no agreement on what `` inherently evil '' would be . 
  i may believe that common ownership and the lack of state are inherently evil because they leads to anarchy and violence . 
  there are quite a lot of people that do n't see nazism as inherently evil but that notion is rejected in europe because it has proven to be extremely violent and aggressive . 
  people despise nazism because of the actions that came from it , not because it simply was a despicable idea . 
  there are many bad ideologies which would be destructive in practice , but people do n't really care about condemning them because they have not had any real effect on the world . 
  both nazism and communism had real destructive effect on the world , but one of those is looked favorably by quite a lot more of europeans . 
  which part of the `` actions and the ideology are inseparable '' did you miss ? 
  the actions and the ideology are inseparable . 
  you either ban all symbols of violence or none . 
  once again , the only reason it is viewed in different light is because westerners did n't suffer under it . 
  50 000 $ property dmg , lmao . 
  nice try . 
  your city is burning because its filled with morons . 
  irrelevant . 
  every time people try to implement it , it becomes `` evil '' , so there is no reason to treat it as something else . 
  half of the buildings from the `` before '' part look almost the same as `` after '' . 
  nice trees tho . 
  and ? 
  its not racism so its not despicable and harmful ? 
  i did n't know that racism was the only offense which should be looked down upon in serious manner . 
  the only reason communism isnt viewed with the same negativity is that western europe did n't fall under it and still is full with sympathizers . 
  no its not , dependencies are never a good thing . 
  you realize that the userbase is mostly western european right ? 
  i know you want to excuse all your mistakes on the east but its time to own up to your shit . 
  well it is to quite a lot of people . 
  western europeans have a romanticised view of the extreme left . 
  having such flag shows a certain level of delusion in it self so that should be enough for people to know what to expect . 
  nazis are violent and aggressive . 
  is that generalization fine for you or am i lacking nuance ? 
  the second one was targeted at the kurds if i am not mistaken ? 
  there was also some quote for the indians but i do n't remember it . 
  basically the only sub a moron can claim that russia is not european and get upvoted . 
  it 's funny since you do the same in the opposite direction in every thread . 
  it 's not like people care about portugal spending on defense . 
  i certainly do n't wish , but unfortunately i do n't get to choose reality . 
  i do n't think latin americans will call the us an angel , but who cares about them , right ? 
  european values is a made up term with no real significance . 
  if you actually look at european history you will see quite the different `` values '' . 
  the western worlds is also based on a lot of arabic , persian and indian elements , which make the concept in itself a bit fuzzy but nobody really has the time to deal with that . 
  the fact is that you are closer in literally anything to turkey and the balkan countries than you are to northern , central or western europe . 
  i really do n't want to waste my time with more current info to show the pathetic absorption rate , so lets say we take 100 % of the money offered , it is still completely irrelevant to most people . 
  your loved `` dependency '' does n't exist .
