  i guess they should stop calling portugal southern . 
  those that do n't get stolen are going into highways , done with inferior materials . 
  eu funds have 0 effect on the general quality of life . 
  well , does n't look like we are going to have more babies anytime soon . 
  the realization that you do n't really need mass immigration is indeed a good reason to be against it . 
  so , do you have a relevant point to make ? 
  the european population is already in decline , importing immigrants wont change that fact . 
  the problem is that africa is booming , not that europe is declining . 
  mate , you can ignore whatever you wish , countries wo n't collapse because they have lower population , sorry to burst your dream . 
  we do n't need to raise the rates , if anything the planets would be better if there are less people on it , not more . 
  once again , completely irrelevant . 
  it does n't matter if we are 7 million or 4 million , if we are going to have problems with them , we are going to have them regardless . 
  it is the same it faces now , thanks for the concern . 
  if anything , turkey should be concerned about the future because the growth is coming from the kurdish population , not the turkish one . 
  thanks for the joke . 
  when i was in madrid i bought ham and cheese for the same price i get it in sofia . 
  that also does n't account for electronics and global clothing brands which tend to have the same price everywhere . 
  i guess you have a 1000 euro job with 900 euro rent like the other guy . 
  a lot of them are bordering russia , which is rather more scary i would say . 
  its not like there is much of a difference between a country of 7 mil and one of 3,5 when the neighbouring one is at 80 . 
  thanks for your useless output tho , i bet if we had more african immigration the situation would have been different . 
  those things are in full effect in france and it is in the lowest bracket , i have no intention of continuing this conversation when spaniards are obviously triggered and want to whine about the economy . 
  does france have higher availability of affordable housing then cz ? 
  i doubt it . 
  so by your logic the czech republic should be in the lowest age bracket and france in the highest , since cz has basically no youth unemployment . 
  and when czech republic has 1 % and france 23 % https://www.statista.com/statistics/266228/youth-unemployment-rate-in-eu-countries/ i guess they should swap places on the map . 
  its half of the spanish but its still one of the highest in europe . 
  https://www.statista.com/statistics/266228/youth-unemployment-rate-in-eu-countries/ higher than that of many countries which are in the higher age bracket on this map . 
  france has high youth unemployment and high rents , they are in the lowest bracket you are in the highest . 
  i know people want to whine about the economy , but your situation is nothing special . 
  i bet the only job you can get in madrid pays 1000 euro and the only flat is 900 . 
  there ca n't be any other options for sure . 
  the tax burden per person has been rising and yet so are pensions and so are wages . 
  which part of the system is actually failing then ? 
  yes , the pensions are low and they are rising very slow , but its not like they had it better before , its still a move upwards . 
  its not like our taxes are among the highest in europe either . 
  you do n't even take into account a rather specific bulgarian problem , which is that the population of poor and uneducated is actually rising , not declining . 
  i was born in a small town , and i can tell you that there is not a single gypsy family with less than four kids . 
  do you know that most of them actually get disability pension even tho they are completely healthy ? 
  bulgaria 's problems are corruption and inefficiency on governmental level , not population decline . 
  ye in 100 years we might have the same population density as the states , the baltic countries or the nordics . 
  true horror . 
  its laughable that you think your money problems are unique and that countries like poland and hungary do n't share them . 
  i guess some spaniards got triggered . 
  sure mate , i bet that is the only option . 
  they also do n't ever take into account a possible population rebound . 
  its not like this stuff is linear , there are periods of growth , stagnation and decline . 
  who is to say that in a hypothetical future of automation and basic income people wont start having more babies , unburdened by the stress and high costs of raising a child , which we face today ? 
  its a complete lunacy to base our current policies on projections that in 50 or 100 years our country might be left with half of its current population . 
  where did you think we are ? 
  the balkans are basically synonymous with southeastern europe, 
  bulgaria has lower youth unemployment than finland , available housing ( by your logic ) and some of the cheapest rent in the eu . 
  your logic fails when italy and spain have higher rates of stay than poland , hungary and latvia . 
  estonia is n't really rich but it is in the lowest age bracket . 
  economy is a part of it , but it is still mostly cultural . 
  families here are simply closer than those of the north . 
  its happening in all of europe , the only difference is that the west is replacing it with people from outside . 
  at the end of the day it is a non-issue . 
  gdp projections are going up even with the population going down . 
  the whole thing is artificial scare intended to push pro-immigration rhetoric . 
  i very much agree with your second part , but i guess you triggered some migrants . 
  someone living in new york for years should not have any power to decide elections in romania . 
  it 's mostly cultural actually . 
  the family in the north is much different than that in the south . 
  he does n't really care about disagreement , he is just a brit who hates eastern europeans as much as hitler hated jews . 
  its not about immigration either because he defends muslims in every second comment . 
  there is a decent chance that he is muslim himself . 
  which one ? 
  you realize he was downvoted before talking about multiculturalism ? 
  he got downvoted before saying anything about multiculturalism . 
  nobody is talking about iceland because they are completely irrelevant in geopolitics . 
  nobody expects a remote country with the population of a small city to help with the refugee crisis . 
  why do you still care about the eu when you are leaving ? 
  the red scare is a term for the countries that were afraid of the spread not those which already had it , i.e the us and uk . 
  if anything , to me it looks like he was just trying to tell op that its a safe destination and he has nothing to fear , as dictatorships are associated with risky travel and stuff like going to jail for `` saying the wrong thing '' , which simply wo n't happen in budapest . 
  i mean i do n't think that would be it , but i do n't see any reason to downvote someone who says he had a good time in some city . 
  if you think that there is any chance that critics would blast a show revolving around racial topics in the states you are living in an alternative dimension . 
  is there any good reason for someone to downvote him for this comment ? 
  common enemy , the thing people usually have united against during history . 
  it 's pretty french tho . 
  i guess you are pretty oblivious . 
  stereotypes . 
  america is less safe then any eu country , period . 
  those are stats not stereotypes . 
  having said that , western europe does have increasing problems and is becoming less safe with every passing day . 
  you need help . 
  nah scratch that , communists do n't deserve help . 
  you think that police officers use their batons every day ? 
  because i can bet you that nobody goes out with a molotov , having the intention to save it for the next week . 
  i heard the same about the original movie , but the `` white people '' , `` black people '' stuff from america is too dumb to waste your time with anyway . 
  american skin color identities are fucking insane . 
  is n't the male muslim + nonmuslim female a much more common combination , as women are looked negatively at when they date outside of the religion , leading to more female converts ? 
  which korea is it when the `` protesters '' start burning cars with people inside ? 
  ye , i apologize for going overboard , i do n't usually get triggered for stuff like that . 
  well i said we , meaning bulgarians , not that you got it from us . 
  i never claimed that you got yogurt from us or turkey or anywhere else . 
  i never claimed that it has to be called yogurt , we do n't call it that way either . 
  you are making shit up . 
  you claimed that you gave us yogurt , when it was a integral part of the bulgar diet . 
  for all i know you might have even thought of it before the bulgars , persians , indians or whatever else , you might be the first , the thing i am saying is that we did n't get it from you .
