  statues should show the history , the good and the bad . 
  i do n't think they should be used only to glorify someone . 
  that being said , if more people want them gone i have no problem accepting it . 
  other than that , the case is not really comparable as this statue of columbus is not in the americas but in spain . 
  i am not claiming that they are not locals . 
  i am saying that we do n't know if they have the support of the people of barcelona . 
  as someone else said , it looks like this has more to do with catalan independence than with columbus himself . 
  i agree that if the people of barcelona want it down , it should be down . 
  the questions is do they or its a specific group with a rather different agenda , as some other redditor pointed out . 
  [ and so on and so on . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6-2tcouu4g ), 
  i do n't know what to think about that one . 
  columbus was rather ignorant even for his time and did a lot of awful things but destroying statues is not really something i am a fan of . 
  stop spreading your historical ignorance and propaganda in every thread , donald . 
  are you daft ? 
  they might as well not leave by your logic . 
  do you think that is what brexiters wanted ? 
  people did n't need to assume . 
  mentioning the words famine and british in an irish news site is pretty much enough to know what he is speaking of . 
  its not even close . 
  talk about lack of understanding . 
  when you murder someone you end his conscious existence . 
  if you refuse to give birth to someone , he simply wo n't have any such experience . 
  he wo n't exist as a conscious being . 
  can we stop talking about every drop and wait for the actual brexit ? 
  the same way with the threads talking about xenophobic issues in countries like germany . 
  there always is at least on brit going `` b-b-b-ut if this was happening in the uk you euros would have been mad and stuff . 
  why are n't you mad ?!!? '', 
  sounds like the uk . 
  i could n't care less what crowd i am pandering to . 
  its my personal observation that british and to extend american media love to post `` funny '' stuff about france . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34131911 2015, 
  i doubt this made it to the pages of polish news sites . 
  maybe i am wrong . 
  british media 's fascination with france is disturbing . 
  its called geography . 
  you do n't have any major powers/treats knocking at your door . 
  human history is one of geography , always was . 
  do n't kid yourself into thinking you found the answer to peaceful human coexistence . 
  if europe used your approach the mediterranean would have been a graveyard . 
  also you had cologne before cologne . 
  boycotting . 
  top joke . 
  yet we have one of the higher numbers of asylum applications per capita . 
  higher than the likes of italy , greece , spain , france and every eastern european county except for hungary . 
  burqas are not scarfs . 
  in other words : a shit , useless survey with no actual relevant data . 
  thanks for the quality post and title . 
  good thing it gets them clicks . 
  the brexit crew is here , downvoting everything they do n't like . 
  and the brits whine that this sub is against them when they account for one of the the bigger userbases . 
  carlll, 
  it has the potential to be a great country , if they fix their shit . 
  shiet , people like you do exist . 
  i thought that the `` she asked for it '' crowd is just a internet meme , but i guess there are europeans sharing that view . 
  because you dont seem to give a fuck about the parents . 
  you do n't give a fuck what life this unwanted kid would have . 
  you do n't give a fuck for the well being of the mother or the kid . 
  the likes of you only care about the process of birth regardless of everything else coming with it . 
  it 's a good thing that you are irrelevant in most sane countries and that is not going to change . 
  well they want piece of the pie . 
  i mean the communist offshoot is even more reliable , albeit much less relevant . 
  i get it , its a propaganda thread with downvote shower . 
  should have figured it out by the op 's name and the website link but i guess i got baited , thinking we could actually discuss the potential of iran . 
  thanks for the info , alt-account . 
  their credentials do n't matter to the nationalist . 
  they have a rather set compilations of ideas , none of which is represented by \u0413\u0415\u0420\u0411 . 
  will it get \u0413\u0415\u0420\u0411 more nationalistic vote ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  the nationalists here are usually russophiles who very much dislike \u0413\u0415\u0420\u0411 . 
  they will stick to the likes of ataka and \u0412\u041c\u0420\u041e . 
  they would rather vote for the communists than for \u0413\u0415\u0420\u0411 . 
  i love the `` its the zionists not the jews '' , such a convenient excuse . 
  apostasy is also loose in a way that you can claim someone is not a real believer/spreading false belief effectively silencing all attempts of reform in islam . 
  the ones that did wear and are willing to wear burkas are gypsies , if you are really from bulgaria you might want to stop acting so clueless . 
  it is indeed a non-issue at the moment and it is indeed used as political leverage from the nationalists . 
  the thing is , at the end of the day its better that way . 
  the turks and pomaks are not going to do it anyway so they do n't care and the gypsies wo n't use it as another tool in their arsenal of victim cards . 
  you seem to be lost . 
  i do n't care if the iranians agree . 
  the saudis do n't agree about humans rights the same way we define them , either . 
  i am talking from my point of view , not from theirs . 
  its a bad place because of the hardline theocratic rule , not because of the living standards . 
  tell the jew thing to hezbollah . 
  apostate is also a pretty loose term which can be in ways that suit the wishes of the theocratic elite . 
  there is also no need to keep comparing them to other middle east countries . 
  unlike the desert dwellers from the arabian peninsula , iran has actual history and culture . 
  at the end it all comes to this : is iran s reputation deserved ? 
  some of it is , some is n't . 
  is iran a great place to be at the moment ? 
  can it be in the future ? 
  yes . 
  unless you are an atheist or a jew ... iran has great potential but atm it is still pretty bad place to be . 
  they do n't . 
  and we are going to keep it that way . 
  there were some cases in cities with large muslim populations , so we should deal with it before it becomes a `` massive issue '' . 
  klankids , pathetic . 
  iran is one of the most disappointing countries on the planet . 
  there is so much potential there and yet the place is stuck in the middle ages . 
  i hope that someday they will one again face to the west and give up on their hardline islamic tendencies .
