  feelsgoodman, 
  a lot of people romanticize it too much . 
  and there are people who like to deny everything good . 
  the same people are the reason the term `` dark ages '' exists in first place . 
  no , hopefully . 
  art , philosophy , innovation , medicine , secular ideas . 
  there is a lot of bad shit but it 's not a one way street . 
  it should work if people do n't give a shit . 
  nah you can keep your books . 
  the point is that people should stop giving a fuck . 
  you learn your stuff we do ours and so on . 
  there is no notion that you have any longing towards bulgaria . 
  to most bulgarians this is a completely lost cause . 
  the only ones that give the slightest fuck are nationalists in the likes of \u0412\u041c\u0420\u041e . 
  to others the topic is mostly a comedic one . 
  doner kebab is among the most popular fast foods in bulgaria . 
  it is , but not to the same extent . 
  yugoslav/soviet influence . 
  balkon https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo, 
  that 's the problem . 
  you really have no idea what you are talking about . 
  ye they left a market in which they never were relevant . 
  not the same case . 
  big cities are rich and as such attract educated people from all ethnicities . 
  in other words they are not rich thanks to their diversity , they are diverse thanks to their wealth . 
  i am not a big fan of any form of nationalism but civic nationalism can be somewhat useful in situations ( the americans can go overboard with it sometimes ) . 
  but i do agree that completely abandoning and going against your identity can only be destructive . 
  not being a huge fan of your customs is one thing , wishing for their disappearance is another . 
  well that is one of the `` good '' things about the east . 
  white guilt is not a thing here and never will be . 
  ( it should n't be anywhere but . . ) diversity talk simply has no effect here . 
  strong nationalism can be problematic in the future tho . 
  not getting special treatment is n't punishment . 
  even if there was actual will to punish the uk , no one in the eu would be angered by it . 
  might as well rename the private club the old boys . 
  since we should be responsible for the `` old world '' , the name eu becomes kinda redundant . 
  well thats the typical americanization of the topic . 
  the same way we see blm protestors in the uk and sweden . 
  diversity in the american mind means not-white . 
  white people are a monolith . 
  no one claims otherwise . 
  he implies that criticizing islam is not islamophobia and this example of discrimination actually is . 
  ketchup-europe ?!!? 
  where is that so i know to dodge !, 
  http://www.imdb.com/name/nm4728487/ i think that is her . 
  same . 
  language is not as similar but close enough to be relatively easy to learn . 
  prague is also one of the most beautiful places on earth , so there is that . 
  nope , i am not . 
  i ca n't be offended by people i do n't care about . 
  people that cry because they wont be getting rich on welfare . 
  i guess that is the swedish savior complex turning on . 
  why would it be offensive . 
  them not wanting to stay is one of the best thing about the country atm . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  hahah you are a caricature . 
  you tell me to not take it serious while crying and bitching that people do n't like you ? 
  i am well aware reddit is not in any way a reflection . 
  it 's usually more liberal and open compared to the actual reality . 
  that only augments my the point . 
  lol . 
  first , i never made a point that there is no hate towards the uk , the point is that its not one sided . 
  i have personally seen more than enough hatred coming from brits towards europe . 
  your disagreement does n't mean much . 
  and we are talking about fucking reddit i do n't need to limit my observation to a mostly pro eu sub to build my opinion on british-european relations . 
  looking at different echo chambers gives you better perspective . 
  unless you claim that the people at ukpol do n't matter/exist or whatever other fantasy you have going on in your head . 
  that group is not in any way tiny . 
  it sure as hell is not smaller than the group of people in here which do hate the uk . 
  you do bitch and moan about them tho acting as if it 's a one way street . 
  just a glance at r/ukpolitics is enough to show people the way a big portion of brits think . 
  you continue to push some narrative that you are so hated in this sub yet your comments are at the top and the so called hate is nowhere to be seen . 
  the truth is that people finally treat you the way you treat them . 
  hahahaha , you seem to ignore all the hate coming from british users . 
  a lot of them with for the collapse of the eu . 
  ayyy . 
  want an exorcist/pokemon crossover . 
  depends . 
  if you are raised as a part of religion you do n't really have a choice and if the religion includes heavy punishment for leaving it , the situation becomes quite complex . 
  great design indeed . 
  i usually hate city buses because they are mostly ugly as fuck ( at least here ) , but this is some good looking stuff . 
  the `` pivot to asia '' does n't sound like going towards neutrality . 
  seems like a good trend but pretty irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  the first link even says that there is no actual change in the number of troops . 
  have americans left japan , korea , europe or any overseas base ? 
  are americans willing to let go of any base outside the usa ? 
  sure does n't look that way . 
  i hope you are right and i am wrong on this one . 
  well i am all for usa military getting out of europe , so we can agree on that . 
  i do n't think many of your countrymen share the neutral sentiment , but i might be wrong on that part . 
  is that so called `` toxic '' relationship such because of europe , usa , or something else ? 
  what do you think the relationship should look like ? 
  nah , they are not used in contemporary linguistics the way anglo-saxons are so i do n't really care . 
  ah fuck , i forgot you are not good with reading comprehension , you should attack europe and corbyn now !, 
  i would not call 2 comments out of 1000 an obsession . 
  on the other hand 90 % of your comments seem to be about europe or europe-usa relations . 
  did some european guy steal your girl or something ? 
  what ? 
  are you fucking braindead ? 
  you did n't read any context now did you boy .
