  your loved `` free '' money are not very `` free '' . 
  i does n't contradict shit , because you have a period of 2007-2013 , while my post showed only 2013 . 
  you love posting periods because you do n't like the yearly results . 
  the organic 0,5 % wo n't be much different than the current one for most people , given the facts that they do n't see shit from the eu funds . 
  i ca n't wait to see countries like macedonia and serbia joining and keeping the same growth rate they currently have while also getting eu funds . 
  educate yourself , please mate . 
  http://i.imgur.com/an1inhp.jpg i know it triggers you hard that reality does n't align with your ideology but you have to deal with it . 
  i also like how you ignore the fact that countries had , have and will have growth without eu funds . 
  first , the money bulgaria actually uses are much less and add up to around 1 % gdp per year . 
  ofc no one is dependent on eu funds you moron , they do n't go into the budget , people wo n't even notice if they stop coming . 
  oh instead of 2017 we will finish the highway in 2019 , a real disaster for the country . 
  the countries in the western balkans seem to be growing fine without your precious eu funds . 
  free money just for the cost of having all your companies owned by western organization , best deal ever . 
  the thing you talk about growth is true only for hungary , you wan na stop posting false info propaganda master . 
  i also hope you know that eu funds do n't go into the national budget and are irrelevant to the money people in ee make . 
  it actually does . 
  germany is not really 3 times more expensive . 
  lol no , a large part of asia will be the same as it is today . 
  the arabs states will probably stay the same as they are today as well . 
  nope . 
  those countries are in nato , so that choice is not really a thing . 
   you really think russia would dare to invade poland or any other ee country while they are in the eu ? 
  like do you seriously believe that ? 
  nato , not the eu . 
  lol , its not about products being exported , lmao . 
  its about buying up the whole market and destroying local companies at the cost of some pennies . 
  where is the strange part in that ? 
  how is hungarians being xenophobic against muslims removing the fact that westerners are xenobhobic against easterners ? 
  his username makes it exceedingly easy . 
  we also use \u0431\u043e\u0436\u0430 \u043a\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0447\u043a\u0430 , but its not as popular . 
  i do n't know if they are treated the same but they are definitely treated worse than the locals . 
  does that warrant some knife attacks according to you ? 
  if bombing and going around with an ak are reserved for the muslims which get treated the worst , i guess the poles should limit themselves to some stabbing action ? 
  i guess eastern european migrants should start bombing shit if that is the prerequisite . 
  go read again moron . 
  the eu funds are not charity , they are a compensation , a rather pathetic one at that . 
  did you miss some class on german history ? 
  you are not giving anyone anything . 
  get over your delusions german . 
  you are not giving anyone money clown . 
  eu funds are not part of the national budget . 
  the brain drain would n't be the same without free movement and the most important part is that their local competitors would not be bought out or pushed out of business by western companies . 
  you are not helping anyone , you are paying for what you got , and you got it pretty cheap . 
  well maintained illusion . 
  as if serbia is a relevant part of the equation . 
  well , if we are talking about worldwide , no european country is close to a leader in it . 
  if you compare that to the us , maybe . 
  for the european standard it definitely is . 
  not a math teacher [ but . . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0ii1yzv.jpg ), 
  that would mean that you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  go to the uk and ask where their engineers come from . 
  while other stuff might not be great , the it industry is thriving in both countries , even western europeans come here to work in it . 
  bulgaria was at the top of the game even during soviet times . 
  there are more arrogant and pretentious people in western europe than you can find in the rest of the world combined . 
  lol, 
  there wont be any union , do n't worry . 
  bulgaria does n't need an even poorer region with ethnic tensions , and we certainly do n't need people who hate us and deny history . 
  genetically we are mostly descended from the thracians , slavs after that and very little coming from the bulgars , which were the ruling elite which integrated into the thracian/slavic majority . 
  europeans do n't really drink much tequila , but whatever . 
  need to kick those fanatics out of the eu !, 
  i thought this is about poland . 
  canada is not comparable to most if any country on the planet . 
  the combination between lack of distinct identity/culture and geographical isolation gives you the chance to do whatever you want with your immigration policy . 
  as always , geography defines your destiny and canada got pretty lucky . 
  geography . 
  op 's has less data . 
  the best one . 
  well , you are one of the self-appointed proselytizers yourself . 
  we already had an attack , even if it targeted jewish tourists . 
  we are fine for now , but if eu keeps on welcoming everyone from the third world , who knows . 
  for very good reasons . 
  did he call her an interdimensional space alien ? 
  simply put , rich people like to act like assholes . 
  the three are the most popular premium brands out there , but you should n't expect someone with a maserati or a range rover to act differently . 
  is that a common name ? 
  sounds kinda strange . 
  her name is kinga duda ? 
  i read the article . 
  they are free to go back to their heart in syria . 
  what you think is irrelevant . 
  you can help them escape their misery by inviting them for a sleepover at your place . 
  you should go and save them from the opressive post soviet shithole glorious weedman . 
  you can take as much syrians as you want , free of charge . 
  yep , that is what is happening here . 
  they are chained and treated dog food . 
  if you do n't like what you get for free you can go back to your sand house , nobody is going to hold you back . 
  because its better than the shithole they come from ? 
  because they do n't get to choose ? 
  because they are living on the back of working citizen ? 
  they should be grateful that they are taken care of by people who own them nothing . 
  people who will see nothing positive in return . 
  ungrateful garbage . 
  i guess reading links is too hard . 
  cyrillic was made in preslav , the capital of the bulgarian empire at the time . 
  he mad . 
  i read a comment , which basically stated that putin 's actual intent was to point out to the macedonians that they are bulgarians in denial . 
  the length some russophiles are willing to go to defend their delusions is astounding . 
  do you want me to go country by country ? 
  the only places from your list that has cities with comparable muslim population to the uk are the netherlands , switzerland and maybe austria , i am not sure if vienna has passed 10 % muslim population . 
  its good that they have not had terrorist attacks but its not like they do n't already have problems .
