  lol , its the same here . 
  a lot of people from sofia love using `` the province '' . 
  well ... islam did n't exist during late antiquity . 
  it 's pretty obvious by his comment that he is talking about possible independent gibraltar . 
  do n't tell anyone i leveled that up . 
  humans seem to want things they do n't have . 
  in their case that would be poverty and misery . 
  is n't that supposed to be a romanian thing , or i have missed some prime fun ? 
  we dress sheep as hungarians ? 
  dat vlad tepes flashback . 
  scot talking about getting carried , good shit . 
  i am talking about my country i do n't know or care what you are doing in romania . 
  op was talking about bulgaria so i can talk only about the things i have experienced . 
  in my country to police does n't touch them even if they have made a crime , not to say for no reason . 
  i know you guys have some genocidal history and i guess that is the reason you still talk about it , but i can assure you its not happening in bulgaria . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/porajmos as you can see . 
  we are not into burning jews or gypsies , unlike some other people . 
  what ? 
  is there supposed to be any logic in your sentence or the problem comes from your english ? 
  i guess the joke hit home . 
  please read and understand at the same time . 
  continue with the misrepresentation . 
  nobody says violence is justified you weasel . 
  once again , the violence comes only from one direction but you do n't seem to have a problem with that . 
  you keep talking how words are as bad as actions but i bet that the people who are actually suffering from the issue do n't share your opinion . 
  it 's sad that in today 's discourse the ones that play the victim are replacing the people under actual threat . 
  is this serious ? 
  holy shit . 
  you preparing for that uk visa ? 
  i guess we need to meet up , lol . 
  i also believe that a united world is the only way forward but i do n't think its going to happen in our lifetime and it seems unlikely even for the next generation . 
  damn komshu , looks like i am not the only person in our region who likes ice hockey . 
  bulgarian cuisine has no dumplings . 
  there is no such thing as slavic cuisine . 
  you are the only insane one here if you think that such organized effort exists or will ever exist . 
  like you are seriously fucking mad . 
  nobody is punishing them in any way , no vigilantes , no law , nothing . 
  there is zero violence against them , but there is quite a decent amount coming from them , especially in small town schools , because they know they can get away with it . 
  the only organized group is that of a gypsy family of 40 screaming at your door if you say to them to lower the music . 
  they are living the life and you are here moaning like a little bitch as if someone has even touched them . 
  your illusory boogeyman , simply does n't exist . 
  well i like the other seasons but the amplitude in temperature between them is problematic . 
  if it went up to like 27-30 max i would have been fine with it . 
  i am worried of people pushing false narratives . 
  while people talk about violence against gypsies , the gypsies are doing the real violence in rural towns and villages . 
  people can always be tolerant about topics who do n't concern them in a direct way . 
  i would like to put people like you just for a month in a house close to a gypsy ghetto and talk to you again . 
  you have interesting friends . 
  i mean most people would want them gone but i do n't think anyone past the nationalists thinks of genocide . 
  also , where are you from ? 
  i dislike the bulgarian weather ( the hot summer and huge differences between season ) . 
  i do n't listen to chalga ^ tm . 
  i do n't drink rakia . 
  i am not a nationalist , communist lover or follower of the boyko cult , leaving me with no political representation . 
  i do n't really care about football . 
  i am not fascinated/interested in expensive cars . 
  the pimps and the chiefs of the pickpocket gangs . 
  but even the not so rich ones drive bmws and audis in here . 
  we have some quite cancerous car culture where you drive an expensive car but ca n't afford a nice apartment . 
  all of them ? 
  i doubt it . 
  even if 10 % make it , its worth it . 
  because one million is not at all noticeable for a rich country of over 300 million . 
  not to mention that you can shoot thieves . 
  we have as many gypsies as the usa . 
  less gypsies vs no visa ? 
  it 's not even a choice !, 
  should go to sweden . 
  just a prank bro . 
  a decent amount do here , unfortunately . 
  you are out of the podium !, 
  they are populist . 
  period . 
  its laughable that you are getting downvoted . 
  bitch please . 
  i would rather prefer to not die for either but if it comes to it ( defense from an invasion or something ) i would be equally willing for both . 
  pretty much any ranking puts france ahead of the uk in military capability . 
  no need to be salty . 
  i mostly agree . 
  that is why i ca n't vote for anyone in here . 
  the thing is , i understand why some people go to the other side . 
  the truth is that the right wing did n't have to do anything to get to this point , it was all up to the complete failure of the left . 
  i do n't agree with religion either , but i understand its allure . 
  nationalism is a form of tribalism ... 
  ofc there are a lot of people who vote far right because they completely agree with everything they say . 
  but there are also people who no longer have anyone who represents them . 
  i personally do n't think i would ever vote for nationalists , but my country is not facing the same issues as some of the western ones . 
  i completely understand people who feel disconnected from both the left and the right wing . 
  i myself am such case . 
  i consider myself a social-democrat but there is simply no party that fits my worldview in bulgaria . 
  there is no way i would vote for the communist leftovers who love putin or for the corporate mafia which we call centre-right in here . 
  when the left stops caring about the native population , where do you go ? 
  its quite sad that you think you are refuting any of his points . 
  he does n't say that the terrorist are n't responsible for their actions . 
  they are by far the most important factor . 
  he is saying that liberal policy is what helped them to get to france in first place and as such the french establishment shares part of the responsibility . 
  its `` i do n't know how to answer '' , basically the i do n't care option . 
  as far as i know no . 
  because it is actually a great beer . 
  someone czech can answer better but i think they like it .
