  i am making the point that america wo n't attack europe because of a politician , not the other way around . 
  and the comment has nothing to do with corbyn outside of being in a thread in which his name appears . 
  more than half of the other comments you linked are about medals per capita , and the anglo-saxon ones are targeted as much to the us as to the uk . 
  your life must be miserable . 
  you are trying too hard . 
  do you have some inferiority complex ? 
  every comment of yours is about how europeans do n't like you . 
  it would seem like your whole live revolves around the opinion of people that are on the other end of the atlantic . 
  very weird combination of attention seeking and hatred . 
  pretty fucking pathetic if you ask me . 
  i know , seen the news about the tanks and stuff . 
  i am sure germans have better and more effective ways . 
  british apologism for islamists is a normal thing . 
  so race does n't exist yet you call people racist . 
  am i getting this right . 
  that is why every comment against it is at -20 in / r/europe . 
  it would have been the other way just 1 month ago . 
  this thread is just one of the examples . 
  you can see the prevailing anglo-saxon narrative in the burkini threads and now in the new scotland yard fashion . 
  if you go to subreddits like worldnews the only thing you can see is americans talking about europe with 0 knowledge on any of the subjects . 
  reddit always was an echo chamber , but at least you were able to see other views ( even tho pretty uncontested ones ) in different subs . 
  now its just the donalds and the progressives . 
  nothing inbetween . 
  holy fucking cancer . 
  it 's not enough that most of reddit is an anglo-saxon echo chamber , now even subs like this one are becoming like the rest . 
  pathetic . 
  i would prefer no buses and more trams , but thats just me . 
  nope . 
  that 's some amateur stuff . 
  look at his feet . 
  a lot of people do n't give a shit about the olympics or at least about most of the sports played . 
  but america will be dumb enough to attack europe because of some politician . 
  c u r r e n t y e a r, 
  you are among the most clueless people i have seen on this sub . 
  that say a lot . 
  try harder . 
  nationalistic cancer . 
  pledge your one life to some place just because you ended up being born there . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  you win the most retarded comment on r/europe award . 
  i bet it was n't easy . 
  well our archeologist did find some old burial places in which there were corpses with a stake in the heart . 
  i do n't think you buy diesel bmw or mercedes . 
  vw was pretty much the only one trying to push the diesel in america . 
  you might have not been , does n't change the fact that millions are . 
  i do n't give a fuck about you and your response . 
  you are here crying that people do n't like you when you have been nothing but toxic the whole time . 
  who even talks about the fucking oliympics ? 
  and if you are going to compare bigger population and gold count you might wan na use medals per capita , but that wo n't end very well . 
  bitch please , your subreddits were filled to the brink with people wishing the collapse of the eu months before brexit . 
  you are the supposed friends and allies that actually want harm on other people , you always were . 
  now you simply are treated the way you have treated other people from the start and it seems you do n't like it . 
  because , unlike germans , many people find berlin cool . 
  i personally like hamburg and dont care about anything to the west of it . 
  i cant begin to imagine how rude i would be if i had to deal with obnoxious tourists every day . 
  pretty much any german on reddit calls berlin shit while most people from other countries find it the only place worth a visit in germany outside of bavaria . 
  i knew this would have many comments . 
  people on r/europe do n't miss a chance to shit on other europeans . 
  hipsters being mad that they are not the only tourist in the city/calling it overcrowded are also funny . 
  you are not very smart , are you . 
  the guy says `` that is how i see it too '' , gets contested on his shit and you answer instead of him . 
  so are you defending his point or just making useless comments ? 
  your first answer was under a guy who contested the hypocrisy of picking and choosing between geography and politics . 
  if you have nothing to say on the topic do n't make useless comments . 
  your agreed with your reply to comment chain which included greece in the west . 
  and you say that after you replied to a comment that included greece as the west . 
  when you like it is about geography and when you dont its about development . 
  this is indeed the best cultural/political map there is and no matter how ignorant redditors are it wo n't change . 
  the baltics are the only thing that is out of place . 
  do you really think that calling for killing and enslaving people is on the same as being against islam ? 
  you also do n't seem to grasp the concept of thought crimes very well . 
  i am not knowledgeable on the topic but i think encouraging slavery can be considered inciting violence ? 
  that flag represents europe as much as the eu , its your problem that you see it only as political . 
  well different eu countries are good at different things . 
  that way we could send only the best at the respective sport . 
  instead of 700 they can send like 150-200 which are favorites for medals and the same goes for every eu country . 
  while calling themselves european is obviously wrong , i can see where they are coming from . 
  from cultural and ethnic point of view they are quite close to spain/italy and actually closer to them than to some latin american countries . 
  4 in top5 ... and the ranking includes only bigger countries so half of europe is not even in it . 
  i do n't . 
  the thing is , if there is no way to pirate some expensive game i simply wo n't play it . 
  the end . 
  ea is not getting 60 euro from me anyway . 
  if they learn about currencies and pricing i might change my opinion . 
  i do buy some games that deserve support during steam sales , when the price becomes somewhat fair . 
  i mean get beaten up like a dog and get your money stolen . 
  worst thing is that they do it mostly to old people who cant even defend themselves . 
  its on the news almost every second week . 
  and what do you fucking mean by how do i know ? 
  the victims describe the offenders and sometimes the police catches them . 
  every single time they are gypsies . 
  that is nothing to say of their illiteracy and complete unwillingness to learn anything . 
  i do somewhat understand them tho , why would you learn when you get as much money from welfare as the people with actual jobs . 
  just make more children so you can get more money , simple . 
  i would love to put guys like you to live in a village raided by gipsies just for 1 year . 
  it 's a joke ... 
  i do n't expect moldova to be in the same category as somalia . 
  what did you expect from a visit to monaco ? 
  its not really a place you go to visit a museum or to see some historical building . 
  it 's a place for the rich to live in and show how much money they have to waste .
