  the japanese do n't riot , they prefer to jump from a bridge after another month of 12 hour job shifts . 
  zagreb big and stronk, 
  you think zagreb is a big city ? 
  top joke mate . 
  every megapolis on earth has many issues it usually comes with the massive population/economic power/political and social significance . 
  this place really is filled with morons to upvote this bullshit . 
  than do n't make silly [ comments ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/51/ernst-ravenstein-balkans-ethnic-map-1880.jpg ) . 
  i have seen only crescent shaped ones here , be it with or without filling . 
  so we pr\u0435tty much use only use croissant ( \u043a\u0440\u043e\u0430\u0441\u0430\u043d ) . 
  its pretty obvious they did . 
  otherwise they would have released the full data for every country . 
  in the article they mention that you voted 29 % - uk and 31 % - us and this will paint a different picture . 
  make what money ? 
  i am talking about western products we import , not our own . 
  a jar of nutella cost the same here as it does in spain . 
  they are ideas but they are not in vacuum . 
  things look one way in theory and another in practice . 
  the important aspect which we should consider is how people act upon those ideas . 
  iran , lol . 
  thats some top notch propaganda . 
  i remember when the first private national-wide channel in bulgaria btv lunched in 2000 and they were showing some asterix and obelix animations all day long . 
  good shit . 
  ah ... you have to be more consistent with your requirements !, 
  is n't bordeaux urban area like 5-6th place ? 
  bordeaux when ? 
  you are talking about russians , right ? 
  lmao you are clueless . 
  popular chocolate brands here cost the same as they do in most of western europe . 
  do n't blame communism for human nature . 
  top notch logic . 
  it would be nice if we had the full range of answers for every country . 
  is n't the grand duke of luxemburg a bourbon ? 
  you are not sarcastic are you ? 
  you should open a history book if that is the case . 
  well that is the point . 
  even if they are 20-30 % its enough , when others ca n't name anyone . 
   by extension increasingly hate the west nope . 
  we simply have no reason to trust america or the uk . 
  i think we can easily get behind germany but they do n't seem to be keen on military stuff atm and this leaves only france , which can be an answer but there is no real commitment between the countries . 
  common eu defense can change all of this . 
  you are clueless . 
  they are not half , but they do n't need to be . 
  there is no clear answer for anybody else , making them them only ones who can state firmly their preference . 
  as i said in my other comments , if the eu was an option it would be the clear winner . 
  until the eu makes stronger case for common military pact , there is no obvious choice for pro-western bulgarians . 
  i myself would not name america as someone i would like to rely on . 
  i do n't trust russia or the us at all and most people in my social surrounding do n't either ( i am 25 ) . 
  on the other hand , we have russophiles that have no problems making the choice . 
  and who do you think bulgaria can choose ? 
  the states ? 
  no reason to do so . 
  if someday the eu is an option , it would easily be the winner . 
  in the current state we have the russophiles who will follow their communist nostalgia and everybody else , hoping that western europe starts giving a fuck about the eastern borders of the eu . 
  there is no chance of bulgaria choosing russia over the eu , the problem is that the eu has yet to make strong commitment to a shared military , meaning that its not really an option you can choose . 
  its unfortunate that there is still some nostalgia for communism hardwired in the minds some people ( its even worse that they are inscribing it in their kids ) but there is nothing really surprising about not naming the states . 
  if i had to vote i would n't have been able to name a single country . 
  complete drivel backed by no factual claims . 
  virtue signal is the new cuck , right ? 
  the new favorite buzzword of the trumplets . 
  what force projection , lmao . 
  the baltics are not some far away land , out of reach . 
  you really do n't know what you are talking about . 
  ofc there is shit and bias media everywhere . 
  the bild comes to mind instantly . 
  yet , you wo n't see afd getting in power in germany . 
  the thing with the polls is that we are yet to see if the current ones here are worse , yet i keep seeing the stupid comment `` but what about trump and brexit '' in every single thread , as if that is somehow indicative of the situation worldwide . 
  in my experience , polls have been mostly accurate and 2 examples of them not being completely on point are no enough to make me change my mind . 
  there is a lesson to be learned indeed . 
  a lesson about anglophone media and its influence in their respective countries . 
  i was going to make a similar comment . 
  their legacy of shipbuilding/naval travel and the influence of norse mythology are far more significant than the overblown fighting prowess . 
  i love western france . 
  impossibru !, 
  if he mentioned those there would be no argument . 
  people here seem to be overstating canadian influence , because they like the country . 
  canada has negligible influence on the world stage , so the comparison is not as bad as you might think , especially given the position of belgium and nl in the eu . 
  i think canadians should be happy with that fact , because it puts them in safe distance from major conflicts . 
  i think canada is great and this is one of the many reasons for it . 
  interesting results . 
  france more lax than the uk in pretty much every aspect and italy once again proving religion still has its importance there , despite the claims of some redditors . 
  it does n't mean its wrong either . 
  i would not recommend that sub to anyone . 
  badhistory is very much a place filled with bad history . 
  askhistorians is indeed good tho . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/urban_area_ ( france ), 
  expected results . 
  i would not call the territory between nice and the italian border `` most '' . 
  i do n't understand why italy is part of the six . 
  the italians do n't seem to be really into rugby and their team is almost always last, 
  pretty cool channel . 
  i do n't know why you are wasting your time , explaining this to someone with a polish flag . 
  or it implies that they do n't identify as danes themselves . 
  you realize that the eastern part was multi-ethnic as well ? 
  the part that lived on for another 1000 years ? 
  looks like croats are reddit maniacs . 
  no need to repeat that it was not part of the g7 when it stopped existing and rebranded as the g8 . 
  it was the g6 before canada so the name is not really relevant , is it ? 
  the point is that russia should have not been part of the group if it was about gdp/hdi . 
  can you find [ russia ] ( http://en.classora.com/reports/t24369/ranking-of-the-worlds-richest-countries-by-gdp?edition=1998 ) ? 
  if hdi mattered at all russia would have not been part of it .
