  in fact , if i move to a western country i would probably lower my standard of living to average , thanks to the increase in prices i have to pay . 
  third , i have no wish to be treated as second class citizen and face racist and xenophobic remarks . 
  if for some reason i decide to move out of here it sure as hell wo n't be in the direction of western europe . 
  `` the third way '' , a.k.a neoliberalism . 
  shiiieeeet neighbors , are you even trying ? 
  ah , not surprising . 
  i usually always bet on germanic with comments like yours . 
  i rarely miss . 
  whatever mate , i saw your comments about `` brown people '' and `` the third word '' . 
  why are you hiding ? 
  i know you are an immigrant . 
  whats the matter ? 
  once again you are economically illiterate . 
  i know you are not british . 
  why are you hiding what you are , immigrant ? 
  yea mate , i bet the dinghy boats they came with are super expensive . 
  you are clueless . 
  according to every brit i have seen on the internet , hull was the biggest shithole in the uk and it actually is getting better in recent time , but who cares . 
  you do n't pay more into it then you take , you are simply economically illiterate . 
  that is roma culture mate , do n't discriminate , they are nomadic they go wherever they please . 
  tell me where did you immigrate from ? 
  a british nationalist spitting colonial apologia and racist statements who talks about brits as an outside group . 
  you sure do seem like an indian but the colonial apologia contradicts all of it . 
  unless you are one of the greatful ones ? 
  maybe you are american , i do n't think anyone else would think of using the word cringy in their profile name . 
  that must be it !, 
  do n't delete you racist comments mate , its getting sad . 
  once again , kick us out and get freedom of movement with india and pakistan then , take back the pesky colonies . 
  the brits are getting exploited , lmao . 
  you are such a delusional tool . 
  i do n't know what you would have done if it was n't for the poles working for minimal pay . 
  nobody made you accept eastern european countries in the eu , we did n't make the free movement laws . 
  accepting people from outside was not on the table . 
  now when you fucked up local companies , bought everything and got the cheap labor you needed , you want out . 
  seems a lot like the good old colonies , does n't it ? 
  ye , its because of the monarchies that the nordics are top ranking , not because of their social programs and economic models . 
  the french revolution was by far one of the most benefitial things to happen in human history . 
  `` rulers chosen by god '' have no place in the modern age . 
  eventually you will get rid of them as well , some are just slower with the transition . 
  they make trip again and you do the same . 
  doubt that they will stay in lybia after that , seeing that they cant move here they will return to their countries . 
  well nope , you can buy boats and send them back . 
  it would be pretty easy if the money that go for their resettlement went for boats . 
  you can also bet that they wo n't be taking the trip again after that . 
  no i do n't . 
  i do n't want to live in western europe . 
  i do n't care if they close their borders . 
  you should kick all eastern european countries and invite syria and somalia , that would make things easier . 
  eastern europeans are still treated like that now days , what is your point ? 
  you treat as like shit so we should be open to other immigrants ? 
  i have no wish to live in western europe , do you think i give a fuck that your right wingers hate us ? 
  i actually would be willing to take a fair share of the ones already here if there is a deal that says no more than that and we relocate all our resources in securing the borders and making sure this wo n't be an issue again . 
  unfortunately , this wo n't happen . 
  the only point is that you cant help everyone . 
  i do n't give a fuck who you decide to help , i will decide who needs my help and who i am willing to give it to . 
  but the vietnamese are humans too mate . 
  why are you not willing to help them ? 
  the guy wants to help everyone , why do n't you ? 
  are you saying we should care more for the arabs ? 
  unfortunately , bulgaria is not opting out and we are actually dealing with a decent number of immigrants . 
  more than one third of the population is at risk of poverty but we should be taking more poor and uneducated people because of someone else 's mistakes . 
  the case with greece and italy can be resolved but there is no political will to do the things that need to be done . 
  the solution is to strengthen every outer border of the union . 
  just check his profile for the answer . 
  i take the first option . 
  do n't have to deal with quotas and do n't have to deal with arrogant western europeans thinking those funds actually matter to the average citizen . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  the middle east 's problems are not as young as fucking afghanistan . 
  the uk and france fucked things up long before that . 
  i do n't blame all western european nations , just those . 
  and after that it is your problem that you want to deal with the ramifications of someone else fuckups . 
  you are not responsible but you are taking care of the situation because you want to . 
  we are not pushing you to do so , we do n't want you to do so . 
  germany can close its fucking borders and it will all be over , but nope , they want to be the humanitarian superpower . 
  they want new people to `` fix their demoraphics '' and so on . 
  there are people in need all the way from brazil to vietnam . 
  why are n't you helping them ? 
  like a third of bulgaria 's population is at risk of living in poverty , but for some reason we should focus on someone we have no connection to ? 
  than you can relocate those refugees towards them and tell them to take responsibility . 
  and i do n't see any citation from dw . 
  where did they get those numbers from . 
  and ? 
  what responsibility does eastern europe have for usa , uk and france s interventions in the middle east ? 
  a country is shaped by its geography and history . 
  colonization has shaped the thinking of generations which continue to shape the way you think . 
  the same way our negative history with islam is very much engrained in the fabric of society . 
  almost as good as refugee quotas . 
  because when you were displacing people and colonizing half of the world we were getting colonized . 
  it gives a different perspective . 
  responsibility for what ? 
  did we bomb the middle east ? 
  are we responsible for the countries suffering from colonialism ? 
  hahahhahahha eu funds do n't mean shit mate . 
  lmao , you pathetic clown . 
  https://m.imgur.com/hw0ie6v where are your numbers from ? 
  seems like a map of `` we hate those fuckers , must be them who brought that disease ! '', 
  not really , he just says that to gain support from the russophiles . 
  he wo n't do shit . 
  nah , i know when someone is pushing a narrative , you are way too transparent . 
  it 's good that you at least admit you have no idea what you are talking about .
