  did n't spain have a bigger economy than russia during 1998 ? 
  pretty sure they did in 1995 . 
  and russia used to be a part of it even with its shit hdi , please . 
  canada is here because it used to actually be one of the 7-8 top economies when it joined in 1976 and it is still part of it today , because the group is more political than economic nowdays . 
  its not . 
  it is simply an outdated organization with little relevance in 2017 . 
  canada does n't have the economy or political influence to be in any such group but it still is . 
  current membership of the g7 is not about economy . 
  gallup/eurobarometer from the link . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_europe importance of religion : spain - 49 , bulgaria - 34 people who believe in god spain - 59 , bulgaria - 36 bulgaria is one of the least religious countries in europe and certainly less religious than spain . 
  i recognize macedonia 's existence , independence , sovereignty and any other word you might wan na use here and i do n't want to have anything to do with the country , unlike nationalists . 
  go sprout your dumb shit somewhere else , you are way out of your depth . 
  of course your tone is aggressive , do n't act obtuse . 
  i do n't know which is worse , denial or ignorance ? 
  the east-west cultural relation is already accepted , so your whole argument filled with mouth diarrhea is made against a non-existent opponent . 
  we are trying to find the reason for the huge differences within the eastern group itself . 
  russia is not as irreligious as you think , especially in the last 10-15 years . 
  its pretty obvious that the last places are for the more religious counties in the east and the least homophobic one is also the most irreligious country . 
  nah i am fine , thanks . 
  i said that `` we '' was me and the guy i was talking to , not that someone else ca n't comment . 
  `` we '' are having a specific conversation and if you wa n't to chime in you need to look at the context , before sprouting bullshit . 
  i know the intricacies of the english language can be hard for some people . 
  `` we '' is me and the guy i am talking to . 
  `` you '' coming in our conversation does n't make you part of `` we '' . 
  `` we '' were talking specifically about the former communist states . 
  got it ? 
  you are the one who ca n't deal with the fact that religion has obvious correlation with being homophobic , even on this map . 
  you yourself are proclaiming how religious the greeks are and yet you fail to see that they are the worst , when we look at the countries outside of the `` communnist sphere '' . 
  and who are the best ? 
  netherlands , sweden , denmark - some of the most irreligious countries in europe . 
  * try another reason !, 
  * * there is no correlation between religiousness and acceptance in this map , so find another reason . 
  * aggressive tone = acting like a little bitch . 
  pretty sad lil bitch . 
  seeing that you made the same comment to another user you seem to be very invested in proving that religion is not bad . 
  i wonder why . 
  i said part of it , not the only reason . 
  we are comparing the former communist states and its pretty obvious that the most religious ones are the least accepting - poland and romania . 
  there is also the macho , strongman culture which has very obvious influence in russia . 
  do n't act like a lil bitch . 
  what are they going to do with the pope ? 
  romania is orthodox . 
  i do n't know really . 
  religion is probably a part of it . 
  if i remember correctly , we are only behind you guys and the czechs when it comes to lack of belief in god and general unimportance of religion . 
  only behind czechia and slovenia ? 
  i have to say that this is a pleasant surprise . 
  not that it is a amazing result , but it is better than expected . 
  its good to see that we are moving in the right direction . 
  we do . 
  this has been discussed 100 times already . 
  there is no problem with the uk getting a good deal , you simply wo n't get one , as good as what you had before brexit . 
  you will claim that this is punishment , but it is simply the thing you voted for . 
  we are talking economics . 
  the points being made are that poles in the uk may suffer if britain does n't get a good deal . 
  the counter point is that there are for more poles in other countries in the eu , which can be affected by a sub-optimal deal for the eu . 
  we are the first country to recognize macedonia 's independence . 
  we do n't recognize lies and false claims . 
  if you wa n't to believe that alexander the great has something to do with modern day macedonians you are free to do so , the same way you can believe trump 's alternative facts . 
  i almost fell of my chair when i saw the statue with underwear . 
  its just poland being poland . 
  just look at any thread about eu army and further integration . 
  it even funnier when you see that they get the lion share of eu funds . 
  and a lowball estimate for [ germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_germany ) . 
  his point is that going against other eu countries to please the uk is not a very smart move . 
  according to your links there is no central europe , but that is not even the point . 
  i have you tagged as racist dog so i can know the context of your comments beforehand . 
  at least those `` rednecs '' did n't condone genocides and mass slavery like the great tolerant colonizers from the west . 
  * when you wa n't to make a joke , but you are german . 
  * when you wa n't to make a joke , but you are german . 
  we can both do the `` he said/she said '' , so i would rather not continue this way . 
  i can only hope less and less people care about it in the future . 
  history majors are not a great indicator either . 
  nope , that is not how it works mate . 
  the macedonian language does n't exist , macedonia as a sovereign country does . 
  the same way there is austria but no austrian language . 
  instead of wasting my time , if you actually care , you can read on the subject yourself . 
  just so you know , i do n't fully understand the dialects of the different rural parts of bulgaria as well . 
  well yea , the far right morons do care , but they are a minority . 
  i dont understand people from the rural southwest either . 
  if he really believed it is different he would have not have answered my post with it , expecting that i would understand it . 
  which part exactly . 
  well i do n't . 
  i did n't understand half of your original comment . 
  how is that ? 
  aggresive ? 
  because i do n't think you should get bulgarian passports ? 
  or because i do n't care about your country ? 
  i thought the problem was that we care to much ? 
  i do n't speak broken bulgarian . 
  edit : i do n't care if you feel welcomed here mate . 
  if you do n't like the things we say , do n't come here . 
  the overwhelming majority of bulgarians do n't care about territorial disputes from the past . 
  as a matter of fact , most of us do n't want to have anything to do with your country . 
  if it was up to me , you would not be able to get bulgarian passport . 
  there wo n't be any . 
  most bulgarians could not care less about macedonia . 
  no thanks , we are fine . 
  i 'd rather not deal with them . 
  i will save that for future use .
