it ca n't infect it , that is the good thing . 
  we do have quite a lot of narrow minded , backwards thinking people as well which is the not good part , but i guess we have to accept them . 
  they do try to shame you as racist , xenophobe and shit here as well , but its not working . 
  you thought most hated it because you do . 
  it is in fact not ugly , its just your bias . 
  looking at the comments of that moron , it is not . 
  you do n't really need an opinion on something that simply wo n't happen . 
  i agree with one of the points you seem to be making , time is precious and i wo n't waste mine on you . 
  you really do n't get the differance between an incident and some inbred killing you as you drink your cofee ? 
  race has nothing to do with this , belief on the other hand has all to do with it . 
  you do n't have any negatives from the royal family . 
  the uk gets money from their lands , from the tourists coming to see them and so on . 
  you will be fine without them , but its still only for the worse . 
  i do n't know what is your problem with them given they do n't actually influence your life in any shape or form . 
  none of those examples are actual evidences , unlike the bacteria we have here . 
  you think mongols are tuks , that is enough to know there is no reason to write more to you . 
  bulgarians are a mix of many nations , as most people today . 
  yes , there were turkic tribes , but with all the mixing they have almost zero to do with current bulgarians . 
  not going to happen . 
  also , are you british ? 
  any source on the `` tribes brought yoghurt '' part ? 
  sorry my boy , but those tribes got completely melted down by the larger population of slavs and thracians . 
  and you should google lactobacillus bulgaricus . 
  dream on . 
  looking at the one he replaced and the one who will replace him , he was pretty good . 
  and the truth is the third one - bulgarian . 
  have you seen a guy with that flag , on that subreddit , not being toxic ? 
  nope . 
  well i can not make us leave the eu , sorry german overlord . 
  i am not anti-eu either , would actually describe myself as pro-eu . 
  i just know what it is . 
  i know you want to think of yourself as some selfless goodies , but the investments exist only because you are getting benefits from them . 
  gtfo out of where ? 
  my own fucking country ? 
  pathetic . 
  i have no interest in living in their countries and yet i am some hypocrite because i do n't want to accept in my country more poor undeducated people ( as if we do n't have enough of those ) who do n't even want to live here . 
  my quality of live has not improved one bit by those so called investments . 
  the highways are not done , i am not a farmer getting subsidies and still pushing the highest price in the market , i am not a gipsy , getting all kinds of benefits and wellfare , both thanks to the eu and the country itself . 
  yet i am supposed to be someone oh so privileged because the great tolerant west has opened their arms for me to become a janitor or to pick their berries in the summer . 
  sorry but , i am not interested in what they have to offer . 
  what a pathetic level of projection upvoted by the oh so tolerant western circlejerk . 
  not giving anything in return ? 
  you are not pouring money because you are some kind and good people . 
  you are doing it so your companies can get preferential treatment . 
  so your banks and stores can flood the eastern market and push out any competition . 
  you wont be moving towards the east because you do n't want to do the shit jobs people from here do in your country . 
  most of your history is one of not liking and abusing foreigners and you have the audacity to project your worldview on us ? 
  when you ubermench get the same treatment in the east as people from it are getting in the west we might give a fuck about our `` lack of tolerance . '', 
  so you think the people left in those countries are somehow the same as those who left them ? 
  i could n't care less if western europeans would no longer be racist towards me since i do n't want to live there . 
  with that being said i do n't want them to tell me who should i accept in my country . 
  triggered libertarians are always good to see . 
  is sorry , wo n't stop !, 
  it 's clickbait for drooling libertarians . 
  le police state . 
  he is a turk , that is why he is fixated on it and spreading anti-bulgarian propaganda is his favorite past time . 
  not sure if i wrote that right . 
  learn to read . 
  i never said all i said a big portion . 
  second i obviously insinuated that i have visited the rhodopes by saying that i do n't do it often . 
  one time on a hike we had to ask for directions to chepelare and we met an old couple ( i presume ) which was unable to make a basic sentence in bulgarian , thankfully in 5 minutes we met another guy which was fine with the language . 
  it just exposes your nationalistic drivel . 
  fortunately it wo n't change shit . 
  its not in the part of the quote which you imply to be biased . 
  its not actually stated in my post at all . 
  and yes , it was a slavery . 
  it does n't mean that everyone in the world had equally bad treatment . 
  it still is a slavery and will always be . 
  the same way the genocides made by the ottomans will still be called that way in the future , no matter how much you deny it . 
  who the fuck watches skat , it was on national tv . 
  i am not mistaking shit because they do n't talk in bulgarian when asked . 
  if they know it they do n't want to speak it , which is another topic on its own . 
  and to be called nationalist by a turkish nationalist is a joke . 
  i bet you have a flag of turkey waving on your house . 
  sorry to disappoint you moron , but i despise nationalists . 
  when you go to rural villages in the rhodopes you wo n't be able to communicate in bulgarian . 
  i do n't particularly care about it as its not a location i visit a lot , its just a fact of life . 
  there have been even news stories with people from there who ca n't hold a basic conversation in bulgarian and yet you try to deny it . 
  as far as i am concerned its not even a problem , at least for me , it can be a problem for them if they wanted to go outside of their area , but they do n't do it anyway . 
  i can see bohemia/moravia cut and ofc the danube basin includes a large portion of austria-hungary and territories under its influence even if it does n't exactly fit . 
  well i was 100 % srs . 
  i really need to chill . 
  are you non-binary ? 
  i guess we fail at cleansing looking at our muslim population . 
  more interesting is that a big portion of them ca n't even speak bulgarian . 
  i do n't have the bias you are talking about . 
  i am not a nationalist and i do n't hate modern day turks ( many bulgarians do ) . 
  i do n't believe in the dogma of the sons carrying the sins of their father . 
  i am rather indifferent to turkey . 
  it 's a place i do n't want to visit and with that ends my interest . 
  as you yourself say , it was highly concentrated in certain areas . 
  the 30mil population includes much bigger territory than the ones i am talking about . 
  ofc more of the diversity comes from the conquered natives who were islamised willingly or not . 
  and do n't try to presume that you know shit about our history classes . 
  in the last years there were many tries to include turkish propaganda in our texts . 
  at the end off the day the ottoman empire was a pile of shit which left a very stinking legacy still felt throughout its colonies . 
  noone makes you respond . 
  the truth is the numbers are not insignificant when you account for the time . 
  people look at 50 000 as if it is nothing but in the 16th century it 's not a small number . 
  it 's not my problem that you took my comment as saying that you are all descendants of them , i have seen enough to know that this is not the case .
