  top notch ... 
  i do n't think there are many things on those pictures that are especially italian . 
  and how is that ? 
  how am i , for example , shooting myself in the foot by being against mass immigration from muslim countries ? 
  what about semi-soft , upside down , purple brexit ? 
  its a germanic thing . 
  seen more than enough germans and dutch with the same attitude as brits . 
  even some danes and norwegians . 
  law . 
  would be interesting if there is a graph of negative opinions about eastern europeans in western europe . 
  who the fuck am i kidding , nobody would make such research . 
  austria giving some hope for 2017 . 
  ye its not very good . 
  needs more fat . 
  go live in a cave like a hermit , otherwise you are a endorsing globalism with your use of technology . 
  it 's not like you need it . 
  i mean a lot of your food is pretty `` hearty '' . 
  i am not complaining , its some of the best on the planet , but its not like its something you go for when you are on a diet . 
  maybe in other countries with shit food . 
  thats some good shit right there . 
  ayy , did n't that cat get a statue ? 
  well , there is a huge amount of overlap of all balkan cuisine , so its pretty hard to rank one over another . 
  i mean , he looks like a complete tool judging by the picture . 
  when you say `` globalism is cancer '' you pretty much do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the oh so precious , to the likes of you , western civilization wo n't exist without globalism . 
  respect what ? 
  respect the every night music banging to the max so you ca n't sleep ? 
  respect their illiterate children not following any school rules ? 
  respect their driving without driver license ? 
  what am i supposed to respect from their great culture . 
  i do n't respect someone fucking with my life . 
  thank fuck some civilizations like the ones from mesoamerica are gone because if they were still here there would have been morons defending their culture of human sacrifice . 
  the only fucker who can respect them is the one who never lived close to them . 
  i do n't know about slovakia , but here they do n't need to . 
  they get more money from benefits and child care than they would by working . 
  investments are not only in the form of global aid . 
  i am not talking about the red cross but large corporations putting money in opening jobs and creating large scale infrastructure . 
  global remittances improve the life of certain individuals , investments can make the country better for everybody . 
  no its not . 
  investors open jobs and improve infrastructure , they do n't help a family of 10 . 
  the scale is different . 
  the only way to help them is with investments . 
  it does n't matter if they are economic emigrants and they send some money home . 
  its all about the scale and the presentation does show that very well . 
  the only way to improve the life of such insane number of people is to make their countries better . 
  one million bangladeshi sending money home does n't mean shit in a country of more than 150 million . 
  i hope everything you have ever used is made locally . 
  happy birthday to our best neighbor !, 
  toper kek . 
  ye , the germans have to deal with quakes and tsunamis every month . 
  so they are with irish and eu flags but you know they are romanian . 
  was it the accent or just your bigotry ? 
  peace and stability . 
  the us . 
  i can bet that the guy with the eu flag is german . 
  did he say anywhere that they were polish ? 
  he was just making a connection with the crusades . 
  pretty weak reading comprehension . 
  i guess you love your goverment as well as it puts the number higher . 
  we are not saying you have 20 % muslims , but something like 5-6 % . 
  there is no way its under 3 . 
  it hilarious that you make the `` educate yourself '' comment . 
  it is not that surprising tho , most of the time the one that needs education ( really badly in your case ) makes it . 
  you are long past the `` we '' part for quite some time to come . 
  now they are as silent as it gets . 
  i am not defending anyone i just find your kind pathetic . 
  do n't you have some gays to bash ? 
  you are such a fortunate exception . 
  yep , it was already explained . 
  while europe would have to deal with more of that shit , turkey would become the new cuba . 
  in other words , erdo wo n't do shit and nothing will change . 
  both have a strong case for blackmail ? 
  that is called reasons to keep the status quo . 
  i know you want to present it in other way but this is the reality of the situation . 
  erdo will bark some more and do nothing at the end . 
  sorry brexit boy but your dream is an illusionary one . 
  there is that thing known as economic sanctions and looking at russia i can only imagine the devastation which can fall upon turkey if erdo keeps thinking he has the means to do the same shit putin does . 
  lmao . 
  that is not how it works . 
  are you telling us that europeans ca n't be xenophobic to other europeans ? 
  you ca n't be saying such dumb shit . 
  what ? 
  lol no , we do prefer it , its not about affording shit . 
  most people i know ca n't stand goat milk and its derivatives , sheep less so but still . 
  we make it from cow milk becauase we like cow milk . 
  feta is made with sheep and/or goat milk . 
  we prefer cow . 
  telling a dumb fuck that he is dumb is not trolling . 
  telling a dumb fuck that he is dumb is not trolling . 
  you are the one making the claim you dumb fuck , you need to prove it to us . 
  we know that you ca n't tho . 
  ofc i can , as i said , if you are not an expert on the topic , the garbage you spew is irrelevant . 
  you do n't get to say `` that is not how it works '' , when you are ignorant . 
  i do n't claim to do , i am not an expert on the subject . 
  what i do know is that you are pulling shit out of your ass . 
  you have no knowledge . 
  you should try not spreading false information and acting as if it is true . 
  are you a pedophile ? 
  a psychologist ? 
  if the answer is no than you do n't know what you are talking about .
