  nowdays i try to avoid pork and beef so sometimes we do it with duck . 
  i knew that the french contemplate life even when shitfaced . 
  i like the mountains and the forests . 
  we have pretty diverse nature as a whole but i am more of a mountain dude than a beach guy . 
  we also have pretty decent cuisine ( largely shared with most of our neighbors ) . 
  they do have rather high unemployment at the moment , but web developers seem to be in rather high demand everywhere . 
  you would probably not even get the second class treatment at work since the it sector is filled with rather young and educated individuals . 
  i also seem to remember hearing that the wage for it in spain is not much bigger compared to the likes of poland but do n't trust me on that . 
  you should ask people from the business about that part . 
  spain is definitely better . 
  i have an uncle who lives there since like 7-8 years . 
  the most obvious negative bias comes from the professional field , i.e the bosses treat eastern europeans ( maybe all immigrants ) in a very different way , compared to natives . 
  there are still people who associate ee with crime and you can get some racist remaks here and there but it does n't seem to be common . 
  you definitely wont get a bottle to the head or a knife to the stomach like in england . 
  the spanish as a whole are much more welcoming and tolerant . 
  its is pretty much the only western european country i would consider if i wanted to leave bulgaria , but i hate hot weather and this puts it rather lower on my list . 
  you do n't go to countries who treat you as second class . 
  not in any way blaming the victims , just saying how i would deal with it . 
  its not stupid . 
  assimilation is a viable method of integration . 
  uncontrolled mass emigration with no assimilation can result in replacement of the native culture . 
  i do n't know which method is better and only the future will tell , but i prefer people who follow the traditions and customs of the country in which they live . 
  holding the door is not in any way shocking and small talk is completely useless waste of time . 
  if the person has some real interest in someone else that is fine , if not its useless . 
  i value my time . 
  we may seem cold to you but you are obnoxious to us ( to me at least ) with fake smiles , loud talk and general attitude . 
  you ask `` how are you ? '', 
  and expect people to say fine and go to the next thing . 
  when i ask that question or am asked by someone else , i share the real way i am feeling . 
  this alone should tell you all there is to know about the different attitudes . 
  when we talk to someone its because we really care , not because we have some time to waste . 
  people love to hate on the biggest cities for some reason . 
  you got 1 more vote for zagorka from me . 
  i despise kamentza with passion . 
  prague . 
  i love almost everything about it . 
  you say its cheat but at least its state for state . 
  i too believe that this is the closest one you can get in europe . 
  fucking golden sands . 
  same . 
  the only sane option if you ask me . 
  not really . 
  ofc people eat certain things more often for dinner and other stuff for breakfast but calling it `` breakfast food '' or `` dinner food '' is not a thing . 
  i personally do n't like eating heavy breakfast but i find the concept of linking food with certain time of the day really dumb . 
  when i see some americans on reddit talking about eating `` breakfast for dinner '' on some subs my head starts to hurt . 
  same in bulgaria . 
  russia 's history , culture and ethnics are european , so not really . 
  unless you want to make the claim that britain , france , spain and so on were not european when they had colonies . 
  nope , most do n't . 
  it 's just your bias . 
  currently , our best relations are with romania . 
  after that , its the black sea . 
  source ? 
  [ banitsa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/banitsa ) [ mekitsi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mekitsa ) [ palachinki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palatschinke ) [ popara ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/popara ) , it has lost quite a lot of its popularity compared to oatmeal/cereal . 
  i disagree with the swiss one as well . 
  i know its a meme by now but i also think estonia has more to do with the nordic culture even if it was under soviet rule and now is not as rich as the other ones . 
  croatia is also very much southeastern/balkan even if it had a-h history . 
  other than that i feel that map is pretty solid , or at least that is how i view things . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe if we are not talking in strict geographic terms , i am a fan of the german mitteleuropa classification . 
  i feel that map has the best cultural borders , with some exceptions . 
  they should have probably named it that way . 
  ye the inclusion of vienna does make the claim dubious . 
  both are valid but people dislike the eastern one for historical reasons . 
  subs . 
  always . 
  czech republic is by far the closest it gets to fitting the criteria . 
  saddest shit i have read on reddit . 
  le reddit armchair economics . 
  do n't embarrass yourself anymore . 
  quite . 
  probably second to our chalga ^ ^ tm . 
  look around in this sub , there have already been more than enough similar threads . 
  and also i do n't want to tell people what to think about my country . 
  poultry and fish/seafood . 
  no mammals . 
  i have killed a chicken once . 
  there was a similar thread in / r/europe just a few days ago . 
  currently i would love to live in the czech republic . 
  mostly similar language and to an extend culture , some of the best beer , beautiful girls , atheistic population and decent weather for me ( i love countries that get snow and dislike hot weather ) . 
  prague being one of the most beautiful cities on earth is also a big plus . 
  other than that i can see myself in some alpine country like slovenia or austria because of the climate/geography . 
  bromania best neighbor , black sea close second . 
  in bulgaria we have so many words for every family relation that i feel like i do n't even know half of them . 
  dialects play a big part of it . 
  it 's not a northern tradition . 
  in the balkans we are quite known for our swearing . 
  we are pretty good at it . 
  is n't volleyball like second to football in italy ? 
  the moon . 
  relatively small percent ? 
  westboro has 40 members . 
  40 . http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/, 
  since people keep talking about westboro . 
  do you know how many members does this church have ? 
  by not getting diabetes . 
  is there any major hbo or amc production which is an adaptation of british series ? 
  i cant think of one . 
  netflix 's house of cards is the only thing i can think of . 
  in my view the usa has important contribution to music and literature but is just one of many in those fields . 
  in gaming its the leader but with a rather small margin .
