  you talking about somalia or moldova ? 
  so you want to use imf for russia , but not for eu ? 
  i prefer to use the same methods when comparing two things . 
  and what was your source for the russian one ? 
  eu 's gdp ( ppp ) per capita is 37 852 $ ( 2015 estimates ) compared to russia 's 25 185 $ ( 2016 estimates ) . 
  so yea , pretty big difference . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union, 
  i like how you put one in euros and one in dollars so they can seem closer . 
  well bernie sanders does n't even know how to describe himself so i do n't have very high expectations . 
  holy fuck , those morons still talk about democratic socialism ... 
  i guess they need to put democratic up first so the uneducated masses do n't freak out . 
  the nordic model is one of social democracy . 
  just need to go to the right subreddits . 
  maybe check the donald duck camp and such . 
  i fucking hate the summer here !, 
  you are the one obsessed with it , not me . 
  you are way to mad german boy . 
  take a chill pill . 
  numbeo is a joke . 
  dat guilt for not letting your country get invaded and destroyed , lmao . 
  we have come far , indeed . 
  that 's some scary shit . 
  russia is really scary only if you count on nukes , i do n't think their leaders are crazy enough to go there . 
  europe has no interest in catching america , most of us have no interest in that sport . 
  and nope its not the second most popular , i am willing to bet its not in the top5 . 
  someday people will learn to use ppp . 
  you can try to fit the description all you want you will still be wrong . 
  cbs , nbc , abc and so on are mainstream , hbo is n't . 
  you know that got 's ratings are high compared to other premium based content ? 
  they are nothing compared to the most popular sitcoms the csi shits , sports events and so on . 
  wo n't waste more time . 
  try talking to some americans or go visit there . 
  its a country of more than 300 million , just because california has a huge porn industry , does n't mean that usa is accepting of nudity . 
  i guess the concept of premium cable is not something you are aware of . 
  you need to say porn again . 
  as if its something that they talk about or watch with their families . 
  you really have no idea what you are talking about . 
  it sure is . 
  sex and nudity are quite taboo over there . 
  breivik had an agenda , he did n't shoot at random . 
  i hope those are the right ones . 
  coming reports of a second shooting ... 
  madrid and lisbon . 
  you realize china is 6th ? 
  sooo , i guess a lot of turks who thought they are muslim are not such . 
  we fucking lost . 
  i do n't know what the case is with spain but every time i go to to thessaloniki all the bars and restaurants are filled to the brim at every time of the day . 
  do n't know about you but i do n't eat out when i am low on money . 
  you have never been to greece , i guess . 
  its not somalia , it was never about roof and food . 
  it usually does . 
  people simply hate it when they have ro give up on the unsustainable way of life they created for themselves . 
  just looking at the comments you can see the donald ducks flooding . 
  so desperate . 
  well it might seem that way compared to full on right or left wing echo chambers . 
  i would say its more on the anti-immigration side , but you can see upvoted threads and comments with the opposing view . 
  you can say its pretty balanced , as far as reddit goes . 
  can you refute anything he said or you just like shitposting . 
  if we are talking only about europe , no . 
  if you care about usefulness german is better choice than either . 
  in the end it depends on what your priority is and how invested you are in spanish . 
  pure breed , lmfao . 
  a lot of them in response to brexiters wishing the death of the eu and the following recession in every member state . 
  we do n't call any of our cheese feta . 
  its homophobic only if you want it to be . 
  oh do n't worry you will push for ttip like agreements for sure . 
  you will push so hard that you will feel usa 's dick in your stomach . 
  well its ukip 's rag . 
  no its not . 
  the donald ducks spew their shit everywhere on such news . 
  i heard the problem with spain is not lack of jobs but people willing to do them for the money offered . 
  do n't quote me on this tho . 
  salon , lmao . 
  it also generates greater levels of poverty and inequality . 
  i cheered for france . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurozone the situation would not be much different if we were using the euro atm , as most close countries do n't use it either . 
  nope , the conditions in ee are not equivalent to those in the west in any shape or form . 
  sure it is not as bad as the 3 to 6 times bigger salaries would suggest , but its definitely not equal . 
  and you brits claim you dont need / s, 
  it is the team of england not the uk . 
  i do n't need to be elaborate to a moron who thinks britain is the most powerful and only military in europe . 
  you are way to much of a lowball swede . 
  how can one be so clueless . 
  just reaching the military part of your statement and already knew you are a moron . 
  the british are setting an example themselves with this joke . 
  i do n't think anyone will want to leave after watching this shitshow . 
  when you campaing for something , you usually have a plan to go along with it . 
  well it 's not top then :(, 
  `` you voted to leave ? 
  fine get out . '', 
  i think most of them are fucking morons . 
  if that means overestimating idk . 
  i simply imagine them to be a bit saner than rural 50 + british xenophobes , but i might be wrong . 
  better outer border control . 
  and as op said the brussels vs strasbourg issue . 
  yes that is what i meant . 
  the reddit ones are supposed to be the more balanced and educated ones . 
  i do n't even want to even think what the others look like . 
  i see that you base you worldview on the germans from reddit as well . 
  good on you .
