  how do eastern europeans look ? 
  given my socio-economic status i may be called `` one of the good ones '' as if i am some exception and people from my region are usually trash . 
  do you think that would be less irritating ? 
  pretty much any western european country . 
  i have no wish to be treated as a second class citizen and to deal with xenophobic remarks . 
  more than i used to and more them some people would expect . 
  just met 3 women at the mall which asked me to wear some jacket because their brother was apparently the same size as me . 
  what is a regular salad supposed to be ? 
  whatever mate , i really do n't wish to lose more time with you . 
  i bet you have searched every dutch site for articles about eastern european treatment of gypsies . 
  what ? 
  we are not talking about this week . 
  there have been tons of articles for years now , do n't act obtuse . 
  not really , our media is not into the criticizing business , even less so when it comes to internal affairs . 
  you wo n't ever see articles about the state of any minority group in germany , spain , france or any other western country . 
  we do n't say anything about the netherlands in our media . 
  ethnic relations and abuse in the west is not a thing you can read about in bulgarian media . 
  its not just the media , obviously there are many people who believe in the same shit and you can see it even from comments on reddit . 
  they get the same treatment , but your media keeps pushing out articles of the oppression and abuse of roma people in eastern europe . 
  ofc its our job , yet you constantly push your nose into it . 
  eastern europeans do n't care if you abuse and fail to integrate your minorities , so do n't try to tell us what to do . 
  because you are the ones making accusations . 
  we have been dealing with the problem for years and will keep dealing with it in the future . 
  we sure as hell wo n't sacrifice more of our countries to make a state for them . 
  that is why the moralistic westerners , who care so much about them can offer some of their territory if they want to make them a state . 
  it is from afar in the case of the most moralistic ones , like germany , the netherlands and the nordics which do n't have big roma population . 
  the only contact those countries have with them is in the form of beggars in the streets . 
  i wo n't be surprised , that is why the `` tolerant west '' is in quotation marks . 
  everybody can be tolerant when judging from afar . 
  probably china . 
  somewhere in the more northern parts ( the area around beijing or manchuria ) because i would hate the super humid and hot south . 
  i do n't know , you had the idea of making a gipsy state . 
  i am only saying that it wo n't be in eastern europe . 
  if you want to make it in the west , sure . 
  have you been to the uk or germany for example ? 
  that it is seriously overstated . 
  anyone who actually has visited the us will be able to see that . 
  as for entertainment , in the categories literature and music , usa is just one player among many influential countries . 
  the movies and even more so the tv shows are the categories in which the states generally do present higher quality and quantity . 
  the atmosphere and cultural ambiance seems different , more european if you want ( at least thats how it looks to me from distance ) . 
  montreal looks like the coolest city in canada . 
  culture wise , the anglophone side feels like american carbon copy . 
  i am against them but first we need more coordination on eu level to make them obsolete . 
  probably quebec , canada . 
  i do n't like hot weather so that automatically removes quite a lot of countries . 
  i guess new zealand can also be an option . 
  you are not debunking shit . 
  russia has muslims because it conquered territories filled with muslim people . 
  countries like poland , cz , slovakia , belarus and so on have less than 1 % muslims . 
  germany has between 4,5 % and 5 % muslims , not 1,9 % . 
  they are also much more spread out , unlike the russian ones with are mostly concentrated in specific areas . 
  ye , it was in the news , but i do n't think that there was any actual case of suicide tho . 
  it 's because people are actually discussing the ideas of collectivism and individualism . 
  you are the one that felt the need to equate those with japan and the states . 
  get lost clown . 
  here its pretty much the other way round , but we do n't really have a functioning left to begin with . 
  you are not wrong on this . 
  i have to vote for green parties in here because the mainstream is filled with communists , nationalists and conservative right winger . 
  in the real world yes , in reddit no . 
  i constantly get called right wing just because i oppose mass immigration even tho i am a typical left winger in every single other topic . 
  the worst part is that being pro immigration is n't really a leftist stance to begin with . 
  look again at who made the thread . 
  do you think someone cares what you believe mate ? 
  you are more than free to stay in your bubble of imaginary tolerance . 
  i am not racist so racism does n't exist . 
  anti-ee sentiment is not unique to the uk . 
  it is very much a thing in germany , netherlands , denmark and to lesser extent in the other `` western '' countries . 
  water/wine . 
  you do n't understand the question very well . 
  the thing is , nationalism in western europe includes anti-ee sentiment , while nationalistic parties in here do n't demonize other europeans . 
  so his question is how other eastern europeans feel about that . 
  he did n't phrase it very well so i can understand the confusion . 
  mine did n't change that much because i never bought the `` tolerant west '' myth ( at least not towards people from my region ) . 
  for some time i wanted to believe in it myself , but i was constantly proven wrong . 
  let 's just say , that small countries will always be in the sphere of influence of larger entities and the eu is the lesser evil , compared to russia and the states . 
  no , most people wo n't put her on the left . 
  not really . 
  everyone with opposing opinion is downvoted to the ground in seconds . 
  it 's a completely one sided sub . 
  some modern academics are trying really hard to push that bullshit narrative . 
  month ? 
  i thought those are weekly . 
  i am learning french , so i guess those do n't count ? 
  this would mean i will have to go for the italians and maybe tiziano ferro - [ perdono ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ucbicziyb3k ) . 
  zucchero and eros ramazoti are great as well . 
  nothing . 
  someone from poland liking america is not a minority case , it 's more of a stereotype , if anything . 
  displays and rims , that is all . 
  for tv 's we get the diagonal in cm as well , but its not as popular as inches . 
  nothing which you would use daily . 
  i would like to be able to watch the nhl , but i guess its more canadian than american ? 
  i am not one to have national pride in such things , but i believe we have one of the best [ anthems ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rbmnmso_b8 ) , so yes . 
  the whole sjw and anti-sjw craze is mostly an anglophone thing . 
  everytime there are news about some dumb shit its in some university in the us , uk or canada . 
  of course , there are some more radical feminist groups in certain european countries , but they do n't have the same level of support and they usually do n't go full on retard with stuff like otherkin , retarded pronouns and other silly shit . 
  the language is a big part of that , because their stupidity does n't even work in certain languages . 
  did n't expect anything different from poland . 
  are you high or something mate ? 
  isnt english supposed to be your native language ? 
  who is talking about modern european values ?
