  if i understand it well , the average european consumer wastes less food but we have slightly bigger problems with the waste in production to retailing . 
  nope , a liberal in europe is centre-right and this wo n't change no matter how much you like american terminology . 
  no matter how much maps and stats you put on this sub , people will still think that russia can invade and conquer europe . 
  the delusions are on an insane level . 
  chinese help , lmao . 
  talk about geopolitical ignorance . 
  what a waste , should have been le_macron !, 
  `` even with their high price and the advent of organic synthesis , rose oils are still perhaps the most widely used essential oil in perfumery . '', 
  that wo n't go well with the anti-globalist brits on ukpolitics and the_duck . 
  look , i understand your position , i understand the uneasiness off putting any believe in western europe . 
  looking back at history its really hard to put any trust in them . 
  even today , there are still many people in those countries who hate anyone from the so called `` eastern europe '' . 
  sometimes i feel like i should stop defending the eu and go against it , but i do n't see any better alternative . 
  i feel that further cooperation is the only way of keeping the peace in europe . 
  i can only hope that one day the prejudices of old will be gone but for now we have to do with the hands we were dealt and i do n't think that america is the answer to our problems . 
  do n't even need to look at the flag to know which country you are from . 
  does fillon care ? 
  and i got asked by an american what do i mean by calling the states antagonistic . 
  not all off them . 
  trumpland . 
  yep , it can not move forward because there is no conversation to be had . 
  i already red your views and i do n't think there is much to take from them . 
  it is sad that you think someone is impressing other people on a internet forum such as reddit . 
  once again , i am not answering your question because you are a condescending cunt , which is made even worse by the fact that you believe in stupid theories of how russia can occupy europe in a matter of two weeks and how china will come to their aid . 
  and i do n't think you understand geopolitics at all , you should concede that fact and stop posting bullshit . 
  what exactly ? 
  which part of not wanting to have the military of an antagonistic foreign power on european soil you do n't understand . 
  they have no place here . 
  at some point at time a country may go to war alongside another country and at a different point it will be warring against it . 
  looking at the current situation i would prefer to not have any american soldiers on european soil . 
  the truth is that gerb failed the election themselves . 
  any other candidate would have won . 
  the second part is worrying indeed . 
  the president is irrelevant , but the way people think is n't . 
  the big problem is that there are young people who believe in the same shit as him . 
  the thing is , their numbers are increasing , not lowering . 
  it 's starting to look like any other sub . 
  lmao , that delusion . 
  russia has no chance in invading europe with or without the states . 
  their military capability is grossly overstated . 
  nope . 
  more than half of the posters are trumplets , that 's how . 
  american delusions have no limits . 
  i am from bulgaria . 
  best food goes to france . 
  after that i would go for my region of the balkans and italy . 
  the worst is ireland , followed by the uk and the netherlands . 
  for the movie i would recommend zift , a black and white neo-noir crime drarma/black comedy with some socialist motifs . 
  its a very `` different '' movie , if i can describe it as such . 
  as for the book , under the yoke by ivan vazov is the most important and famous bulgarian book . 
  it depicts the ottoman rule of bulgaria . 
  other than that , a personal favorite of mine is tabbaco by dimitar dimov a story of greed , selfishness and moral decay . 
  ye , that could be it too . 
  i still bet on gay . 
  i do n't think there is any way i do n't come of as rude for saying that , but i saw a picture of his wife and i am willing to bet that he is gay . 
  the point is that riga alone has much higher population than all of iceland . 
  as always , stereotypes are based on a lot of truth . 
  and yet , every ranking puts france ahead of the uk in military power . 
  pretty sure that guy is ukrainian . 
  ye i searched for them now . 
  guess i simply did n't think of it . 
  thanks for showing those either way . 
  i really like the last one because it looks somewhat more natural , as the lines are not matching the flag . 
  shieeeet man , that is the first time i see the bulgarian one . 
  bromania delivers yet again . 
  le white dollerz . 
  ca n't really on them when its about american companies . 
  not last ? 
  feelsgoodman, 
  neither is inherently better on that front , depends on the execution . 
  they really do n't . 
  the are ways to be environment friendly without building ugly skyscrapers . 
  you must have a sad and miserable life my man . 
  talk about being clueless . 
  next to no , top joke . 
  you think europeans who hate the uk are downvoting an article showing the delusions of brexiters ? 
  really ? 
  the downvotes are coming from mad brexit boys , who thought that they can keep the `` good '' parts of the eu and get rid of the `` bad '' ones . 
  keep being delusional tho . 
  who do you think is downvoting it ? 
  alexander ? 
  ca n't stand that guy . 
  it 's a miracle someone so mediocre is so successful . 
  i guess libertardians still use that word . 
  spain is already doing a great job . 
  some other countries , not so much . 
  i will explain it again since you are a bit slow . 
  be it right wing or left wing , it doesnt matter . 
  eastern europeans are treated like shit regardless of the government in power . 
  so your `` point '' is nonexistent . 
  you are so deluded it hurts . 
  i hope the french do n't go for le pan because she is a slave of putin , i do n't give a fuck about her views on eastern europeans . 
  you will hate us regardless so i do n't care about your immigration policies . 
  you can import all of africa and close the border for eastern europe for all i care . 
  teaming with who ? 
  unlike the `` west '' , there is no chance of a far right party winning elections in here . 
  deal with your issues . 
  do n't give a fuck dude , no intention of living there . 
  lmao clown , fix your system if some fuckers are abusing it . 
  its not my problem that you are morons , donald .
