  well , we do n't treat western europeans as second class people . 
  very weak argument you have there . 
  people in the west do n't give a fuck about eastern europeans in general , be it left or right wing , those elections wo n't change anything on that front . 
  instead of giving us advices , deal with your own issues . 
  you have not met the lord of brexit ? 
  ukip 's main boy ? 
  look at any post he has ever made . 
  he has a really sad existence . 
  not as many as people from r/ukpolitics who want the eu to collapse . 
  eastern europeans prefer eastern european girls . 
  or at least that is my observation . 
  not stabbing people is pretty easy actually , unless you have some mental issues . 
  well , as far as i am concerned , our national tragedy was like 500 years before that and then there was a second one 30 years after that . 
  thanks for the original comment , top notch contribution . 
  great insight indeed . 
  never seen before , for sure . 
  such wisdom . 
  i will keep it in mind . 
  seems highly unlikely , given western european history . 
  we do n't actually . 
  even the nationalist do n't care . 
  they are more interested in our southwestern neighbor . 
  most of the balkans are on friendly terms . 
  people keep repeating that dumb shit and i fail to see it . 
  how did they win by someone staying safe at home ? 
  we all have to go out and for some reason celebrate in the center of a crowd full of people we do n't know ? 
  i for one am happy that people stayed safe , and you can keep telling us what the terrorists want and that we somehow lose , when we do something else for a change . 
  not letting immigrants in ? 
  that is what terrorists want !, 
  not celebrating at the square ? 
  that is what terrorists want !, 
  fuck that . 
  that is not what i am talking about . 
  there are many tourist going in right the question . 
  `` uhhh , can you tell me where the theater is ? '' . 
  no excuse me , no `` i do n't speak the language '' not even a try for a single word in the local language , at least a fucking greeting which you can learn in 1 min . 
  those are the ones which i would pass by . 
  i do n't have a problem answering in english if people show some normal politeness . 
  if there was any such thing , it was not in the news . 
  can you provide some source for that ? 
  you guys seem to be obsessed with those . 
  top notch logic . 
  knowing it does n't mean people should answer someone on the street who starts talking to them in english , without excusing himself or trying to use the local language . 
  i do n't speak russian , i hate it , to be exact . 
  i have no problem with english , only with ignorant people . 
  you probably are among those people if you think that had anything to do with russian . 
  well , the donut you got there should be more expansive than one you can get from cz . 
  lmao , you are such a sad thing . 
  but i get it , someone with language such as yours would rather talk english than make dog barking sounds . 
  i hope you are only talking about establishments like restaurants and hotels . 
  if you think someone on the street should start talking english just because you ask , you are a moron . 
  and what do you visit in slovakia ? 
  i do n't understand why this concept is so hard for people to understand . 
  just showing some basic respect and trying to at least greet people in their language goes a long way . 
  if they see you struggle and know english themselves they will change the tune . 
  is n't slovakia more expensive than cz ? 
  and that proves anything ? 
  that proves they are `` the moderates '' ? 
  i can go `` lol , r/thenetherlands , that places is filled with morons '' . 
  did i prove anything ? 
  you are the same as the people you crusade against . 
  far-left , far-right , you are all clowns , and the funniest part is that you do n't get it . 
  the messages from both sides are so identical that you will be hard pressed to guess who made them , if you cover up the words `` left '' and `` right '' . 
  the bad part is that people like you are pushing centrist away from the left into the arms of the nationalists . 
  do you really think your comments contribute to the topic ? 
  moderate people dodge this subreddit ? 
  and where do they go ? 
  to r/worldnews ? 
  the delusions of some people around here ... 
  your comments are filled with so many buzzwords its really hard to take you seriously . 
  you are like a youtube meme . 
  you are literally the first one to state this on r/europe . 
  every time this shit gets brought up i see people thinking that the west is giving free money and not getting anything . 
  they do n't even realize the benefits and the access western companies get in here . 
  free money does ' t exist . 
  dude , you are making a fool of yourself with every comment . 
  that 's some sad shit . 
  hate to break it to you , but most people who do n't consider brits european are the brits themselves . 
  when people cut europe in 2 parts , east and west , they talk about the former communist states compared to the rest . 
  its a very simplistic view indeed which i usually try to avoid . 
  if you use the other definition ( geography/culture ) cz is indeed central europe , but so is poland and you did n't seem to object to that point . 
  as i said , by that definition ee includes only the aforementioned 3 countries . 
  by that definition eastern europe is basically russia/ukraine/belarus . 
  highest point : mont blanc lowest point : * france has no lowest point *, 
  rondom_joke_maps_jpg . 
  brazil tolerant , excuse me while i laugh my ass off . 
  and ? 
  what other language do you think is relevant enough to be in the top10 ? 
  polish ? 
  the average iq worldwide is in the range of 88-89 . 
  there are like 5-6 countries with more than 100 ... https://www.fourmilab.ch/documents/iq/1950-2050/, 
  the expected cancer from r/europe . 
  not surprised in the least . 
  wrong . 
  it actually works in most cases . 
  the problems come from specific places . 
  the tough times are already here . 
  i am not sure if they would make strong people this time . 
  banter . 
  a lot of people do consider those evil .
