  not really . 
  spain is towards the top of every ranking about acceptance and tolerance . 
  why are they not going there ? 
  maybe not as much as you , but we do get quite a lot of shit for it . 
  when we hear about bulgarians doing something shitty in western europe it usually ends up being gypsies , but nobody cares about the details . 
  there are a lot of people in we which are surprised when they see bulgarians , expecting them to be much darker in appearance . 
  looking at this thread and the one about finland , you wo n't believe its the same sub . 
  if i can get them to a safe place why would i even risk going to europe ? 
  even if those are possible , i personally still would n't leave my family . 
  so there is risk in both cases ? 
  i personally wo n't leave my child alone if his life is in danger , regardless of the situation . 
  will you leave your child in a warzone , hopping that it will still be alive when you reach europe . 
  well , the czech are less religious then almost all of then , only the nordics are at the same level . 
  same thing with estonia . 
  bulgaria , russia , latvia and belarus are less religious than spain , portugal , italy , austria , germany , switzerland and ireland . 
  slovenia and hungary also have similar results . 
  what ? 
  you realize a lot of those are lower than many western countries . 
   in 5 years even poorest will earn more than middle class in czechia no . 
  depends on the connotation . 
  the eu is far more important for the peace between the nations which are part of it . 
  the good relations between france and germany have nothing to do with nato . 
  well i guess you do n't understand economics . 
  the poorest in china will never earn more than the middle class in czechia . 
  intentions are irrelevant . 
  that is the first thing i thought of . 
  to me it looks like artwork from dishonored . 
  so replacement of the native population is bad , i am happy that we agree . 
  i guess you should delete your first comment if you believe in that . 
  it was in north america . 
  almost complete replacement . 
  will you answer if that is good or bad ? 
  it matters on the level of difference . 
  sweden wo n't change much if somehow 20 % of the population was of czech origin . 
  the same cant be said if 20 % have syrian background . 
  i do n't care about his exact comment , i am quoting it to show you the start of the conversation and that your claims are garbage . 
  the fact is that there are unique expectations on europe and the anlogsphere . 
  they are the ones which should change their way of living and culture to accommodate immigrants from all over the world . 
  nobody expects that from india or china . 
  lmao, 
   it 's always funny that too many white people is bad , but if the whole country was asian or something , then it 's perfectly ok . that is his comment . 
  do you think china faces pressure to accept people from europe , africa or the middle east ? 
  nobody is pressuring china to become more `` diverse '' , because they do n't have people from ukraina , nigeria or syria . 
  you seem to be making the claim that since there are differences between europeans it makes no difference if we in bulgaria accept migrants from ukraine or ones from algeria ? 
  is that your idea ? 
  do you think that a punjabi going to bengal is in the same category as a punjabi going to ukraine ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  once again , only europe and the `` western countries '' face pressure to accept immigration from countries with completely different cultural background . 
  to make it simpler , a romanian coming to bulgaria would be similar to punjabi going to bengal and it would be nothing like a syrian coming into bulgaria . 
  how does it not matter by my admission ??? 
  the pressure on europe and the so called `` west '' is to accept people from literally everywhere , because everything else is `` discrimination '' and those people need `` help '' . 
  this case has nothing in common with the thing you say is happening in your country . 
  even if you looked at the eu and india in a similar context ( different cultures combined a single entity ) , even tho the eu is not a fucking country , you are still talking about inside immigration vs outside immigration . 
  is the replacement of the native population a good or a bad thing , pretty simple question . 
  because this happens in europe . 
  there is no large scale european immigration into asia or africa . 
  there is no pressure on any country in there to accept different cultures into their borders . 
  as for me , i do n't like islam and the culture around it , so yea getting immigrants from mena is somehow `` worse '' as far as i am concerned . 
  if you are asking , you have n't understood it well . 
  if you still do n't get it , i do n't think that way . 
  was my comment so hard to understand ? 
  that is what the proponents for more `` diversity '' believe in . 
  they think skin color makes you diverse , not culture and tradition . 
  because that is what people consider `` diversity '' right now . 
  you ca n't be different if you look alike , europeans are a monolith blob , indians are a monolith blob and so on . 
  again , large community , 0,1 % of the population does n't constitute that . 
  so you speak for asia , k . the truth is that there is n't a single asian country with a large african or european community inside their borders and there probably wo n't ever be one . 
  i bet you care about the hundreds killed by boko haram in nigeria as much as you do about the people dying in eastern ukraine . 
  everyone ? 
  is the destruction of native americans and the following colonization a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  could not care less mate , now fix your country and stop whining . 
  again , that is your problem . 
   they 'd definitely have grown , but without access to the single market , massive infrastructure investment etc , probably nowhere near as fast . 
  you are implementing both in your comments as if the trade and the funds are the same thing . 
  as for the money stolen , you do n't even grasp how it is done , judging by the links you give me . 
  the agency only gets to see that it is spend on the highway , but in reality the contractor and the employer make scheme in which they use inferior materials on the project and take decent chunk of the funds for themselves . 
  as for my worldview , do n't worry , i know what happens in my country better then you will ever understand . 
  us not getting funds will only harm the politicians and western european ambitions of control . 
  you are not very coherent in your replies . 
  once you talk about funds and how much the west is spending and next time its about access to the single market . 
  you are the one that need to take care of people causing trouble in your country . 
  that is why you have jails and the reason deportation exists . 
  fix your country . 
  we did n't start building highways when we joined the eu . 
  there is no way to know where the projects would be now if we were n't in the eu but most likely the difference wo n't be very big . 
  there are constantly news of shady deals and unused funds , so yea , its common knowledge , nobody cares if that is not enough for you . 
  if someone has time to look for official documents , its not me . 
  at the end of the day , bulgaria wo n't look very different if there were no eu funds flowing in . 
  i like that , is that the european variant of `` americans do n't know european countries but europeans ca n't name the states '' ? 
  they do n't know shit about ukraine either even if it has the same population as spain . 
  population is not the reason . 
  on average . 
  as you can see in your link many products like milk , rice tomatoes , bananas and so on cost almost the same . 
  same with clothing as i already said . 
  i actually forgot about gas prices as well , that damned transport . 
  so when you talk about the discrepancy being worse than it is in eastern europe you look like a clown . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/gdp-and-beyond/quality-of-life/median-income even if your average prices were 2 times that of bulgaria ( which they are n't ) , the median wage is more than 4 times bigger . 
  so do n't talk about discrepancy . 
  they might not call as southern because balkan is used more often for our region , than southeastern europe . 
  at the end of the day , eastern europe is still used because westerners do n't know much about the former communist states and still cling to the cold war terminology .
