  maybe you have heard about theo van gogh ? 
  lmao , half of those have around 1 % and lower muslim population . 
  you might need to check your list . 
  the vast majority of people do n't go to top ranked universities but yeah , there was no need for the `` americans are dumb , lol '' stereotype in here . 
  its not just the name . 
  i have friends that got the same `` but you are white !! '', 
  reaction . 
  in my case i am talking about bulgarians with the intention of emigrating from bulgaria to some other country . 
  more and more people are realizing this and shattering their illusions of the friendly and tolerant westerners . 
  every time someone with intention of immigrating asks me for advice , i tell him to stay away from western europe , especially the more northern parts . 
  you realize its the same thing for latin and that the greek alphabet itself derives from phoenician ? 
  are you trying to make a point ? 
  you realize that the main lead comes from the economic sector ? 
  should i post the homicide rate , suicide rate , rape statistics , deaths by terrorism and so on , so we can make a comparison between belgium and cz ? 
  [ no jobs ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-06/million-migrants-fleeing-putin-score-a-policy-jackpot-for-poland ) . 
  racial purity is a thing only you seem to care about , nobody would have problems with migration from east/southeast asia , but i guess they must be honorary `` whites '' in the oppression table . 
  yes ? 
  you do n't think that people care equally about the same stuff , right ? 
  those cities are bumped by their economic prowess , which would be irrelevant for a person like me , doing remote work . 
  i would put my safety at a higher importance than the economic situation ( and so will many people ) , meaning that i would be better of in the czech republic than in belgium for example , so brussels ahead of prague is laughable , as far as i am concerned . 
  you should brush up your english , you do n't seem to know the meaning of some words . 
  its called money . 
  people are willing to do all kinds of things for money . 
  i am implying it quite directly for my country . 
  still do n't see the gloating . 
  anthropology doctor , that 's a nice one . 
  if you look at the start of the discussion you would see that it is more of explanation , not an advice . 
   no one is saying that this made him a terrorist , the point is that he would not be in britain if his parents were n't accepted in first place . 
  that is called prevention . 
  anyway , its a bit too late for the uk for any advice . 
  tell me , how am i gloating ? 
  i did n't say i do n't care about europe , i said i do n't care about its western part . 
  and i would n't . 
  is my personal anecdote relevant ? 
  you think its because they were bored ? 
  lmao . 
  they probably are n't . 
  still does n't make the non-white point true , when they have no problems with east and southeast asians . 
  where am i ? 
  i am in my fucking country mate . 
  skin color does not indicate set of ideas and beliefs you fucking clown . 
  people do n't choose the color of their skin , but they can choose their religion . 
  not for most of eastern europe . 
  there are countries which can easily prevent future problems . 
  lol 'd irl . 
  you are free to do it if you think it will make your country safer , i could not give less of a fuck . 
  its 100 % fine by me . 
  i do n't care about western europe . 
  do you have some mental deficiencies ? 
  in what way is him not getting to japan relevant to the discussion ? 
  you realize there are quite a decent amount of european countries with higher suicide rates ? 
  or the fact that japan has lower homicide rate than any eu country ? 
  does n't seem to be any connection . 
  i do n't know which is more proportionate , but i know which one is 100 % going to work . 
  no one is saying that this made him a terrorist , the point is that he would not be in britain if his parents were n't accepted in first place . 
  that is called prevention . 
  tell that to the vietnamese . 
  why are you surprised ? 
  he does n't seem very coherent . 
  well that is my point . 
  your compatriot seemed to think that you are really dark and ca n't be differentiated from gypsies , unless you look scandinavian . 
  so you can differentiate between a romanian and a gypsy pretty easily ? 
  can you ? 
  you already are . 
  you never stopped being racist against eastern europeans , lmao . 
  the great colonizers , the inventors of fascism and the perpetrators of the holocaust are talking about racism , rofl . 
  what are the positives ? 
  lol . 
  are romaninans supposed to look that different from bulgarians ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  because i can tell you that in here you ca n't really mistake a gypsy and a bulgarian . 
  i am pretty certain that i will have more than 90 % accuracy in guessing between the two . 
  and what should be taken from this is that its not the integration ca n't work , but that we are to weak to enforce it . 
  if you think those are comparable you are out of your mind . 
  the current result is from the lack of forceful integration and `` respect '' of their culture . 
  result of what ? 
  that was always the situation . 
  forced integration , lmao . 
  it is exactly the opposite . 
  nobody does anything to them . 
  they have kids at 13 , they do n't go to school when they feel like it , they bang laud music during midnight and nobody cares . 
  well , the gypsy population is increasing , so there is that ... 
  it is sad that 1984 got so much more popular than brave new world thanks to the red scare in the anglosphere . 
  huxley was a better writer and as it seems made the better prediction . 
  well they do refer to it as dano-norwegian empire as well . 
  unfortunately i am not well versed on the way it worked and if one part was more dominant then the other . 
  if norway was just taken for the raid i guess you can chill in the `` western but not imperialistic '' super exclusive club . 
  well , that is why i said to me , some people do seem to enjoy him and i do n't have issues with that . 
  from time to time he does hit some good strikes but he seems to miss more often . 
  well yeah , even you . 
  some more than other . 
  generally healthier cuisine + more societal pressure on being fit . 
  i am pretty sure there was one of the jacub marian maps , which put the germans as relatively slim . 
  so which one is it ? 
  yes , i added that to my post . 
  its a combination of factors . 
  southern families are much closer than northern ones . 
  as you say , your parents wanted to kick you , ours would be happy if we can live our whole lives with them or at least in close proximity . 
  there is also financial side of course . 
  and add to that the fact that many families actually own their houses and are not paying rent ( at least here ) .
