  it 's funny that you talk about some `` christian fundamentalism '' when many ee countries are more irreligious than many of the western ones . 
  i do n't expect a moron like you to know that tho , you just like to pick the worse part of a single country and attribute it to a whole region . 
  i sincerely wish that you get less of those christian fundamentalists , which want to destroy your way of life , and instead you replace them with modern and moderate muslims . 
  you do n't care ? 
  lmao , you hate eastern europeans with passion mate , no need to act . 
  well its pretty obvious why he used scandinavia instead of the actual country where this is happening . 
  which attack in sweden are you exactly talking about ? 
  i do n't say they are not . 
  if he said its a top50 uni in politics i would have not made any comment , but that is not what he said . 
  what does poverty have to do with residence rights , again . 
  i do n't contradict anything , they should go to their neighbouring countries , but it is still up to them if they want to accept refugees . 
  well i did find them in the so its obviously not excluded in every one . 
  i guess we will have to go with 300-350 then , since there does n't seem to be any alternative . 
  ranking as in what institution puts it in top50 , which you already knew was the meaning but you are trying to act smart . 
  when you say one of the best , without specifying that your are talking about a certain subject , you obviously are talking about overall ranking . 
  i can tell you that ceu is not in top50 in any relevant ranking ever published . 
  the puts it in the zone 300-350 for example and i cant even find it in arwu . 
  maybe you could show me some ranking where it is in the top50 ? 
  what does residence rights have to do with anything ? 
  its up to the neighbouring countries to say if they can or can not take in more refugees , the same way it is up to individual european countries to say if they want to help them with it . 
  what do you not understand about the concept of poverty ? 
  in which ranking exactly ? 
  you sure look like a highly moral fellow . 
  the only more negative is france . 
  bulgaria , belgium and austria have the same result - 3 times in the top bracket and 1 in the second . 
  nobody has the responsibility to help anyone else , you do it because you decide to do so . 
  i would rather fix my country which already has more than enough people living in bad conditions than import other people with similar issues . 
  if you want to be some kind of savior be my guest , just do n't impose your beliefs on other people . 
  i think that people simply do n't care . 
  if they do , they can find a way to learn those things . 
  when you are content with your life you do n't really have interest in things like that . 
  as for the economic effects , it is pretty obvious that having your own product is the better option but it is limited to larger countries , which have a big enough markets for that purpose . 
  are they running towards japan ? 
  do they even want to live there ? 
  if you care that much for human decency why do n't you take half of africa into europe ? 
  some of latin america would also need your blessing . 
  i hope you do n't change your opinion when africa grows to 4 billion . 
  as already mentioned , they can go to those sites if they really want to . 
  if the intention is to hide something , it is not working . 
  top notch logic . 
  they are not using this provider , must be that they are not using anything ,, 
  can you make a coherent sentence ? 
  you were sarcastic then or are you now ? 
  are you making the point that it works or that it doesnt ? 
  to me it looks like you think it does n't work but your `` case and point '' would actually point towards the opposite . 
  japan has 0 obligation towards the middle east . 
  relocating refugees to japan is dumb from any perspective imaginable . 
  even if you put aside the will of the people ( which is the most important thing ) there is no reason for japan to get involved . 
  they have no part in the meddling in the region , they have no common history with it and there is huge cultural and geographical distance between them . 
  on top of that , it is a very expensive country , meaning it has to spend a lot for every single refugee . 
  the language is relatively hard and english proficiency is not very high . 
  it would be a bad deal both for the refugees and for the japanese . 
  if you detest echo chambers you should rethink the time you spend on reddit . 
  you are the most pathetic clown to ever post on this sub . 
  just so you know . 
  i guess latvians may share that with the nordics in this case , bur i can tell you that the mediterranean type is not popular in any slavic country . 
  the world is full of megapolises many of which house mostly affluent and relatively well of people . 
  it being a big city does n't have much to do with being a shithole . 
  there is karachi and then there is tokyo , there is lagos and then there is london . 
  i bet your experience is more relevant than that of the people living in those countries . 
  istanbul is not in the top5 most populous cities by any measure in existence , be it proper , urban or metro area . 
  most of istanbul is a poor shithole . 
  you realize researchers account for this effect ? 
  it 's at the 4 billion mark when they will start to stagnate . 
  do n't you live in 1980s uk tho ? 
  the biggest party gets to do it first . 
  if they ca n't from a government the mandate goes to the second one . 
  nope , genocides are your thing turk . 
  go learn of all the turkish massacres in the balkans if you think it was only the armenians that got it bad . 
  it is laughable that you talk about propaganda . 
  well of course they do n't want to learn the language , they do n't care about the country . 
  it 's all about the voting money . 
  the french did n't learn arabic when they colonized algeria . 
  of course it does . 
  how are they connected with this country if they ca n't speak the fucking language . 
  they know nothing about its current affairs , life and politics . 
  ye , the problem seems to be in your lack of english comprehension . 
  more associated with bulgaria , lmao . 
  they cant speak the fucking language . 
  noone gives a fuck if you are angry , if they want to be bulgarian citizens they can show for it . 
  and where did i say `` the eu should do x '' ? 
  show me . 
  are you having trouble reading in english ? 
  did the `` only bulgarians are responsible for fixing bulgarian problems '' go past your sight ? 
  the only reason behind my comment is the typical slave mentality of some self-hating eastern europeans who actually believe the myth that we gain more from the eu than westerners and we give nothing in return . 
  they can do their blue card stuff as long as they like . 
  renouncing the turkish passport is enough for me , it would show some commitment . 
  looking at the nationalistic attitude of your compatriots many of them will not do it out of `` pride '' so you can bet that their numbers are going to get lower . 
  nope they do n't . 
  you very well know that this works only one way . 
  rich countries get cheap labor and their companies can buyout smaller operations in new and underdeveloped markets , which instead of being protectionist were wide open to foreign takeover . 
  i am not blaming them for taking the opportunity since my country has agreed to it . 
  only bulgarians are responsible for fixing bulgarian problems . 
  the thing i am doing , is educating you on how the eu works and that the eastern countries are not `` giving nothing '' back . 
  if anything the eu funds are completely useless to the general populace and are used only as leverage by western europe . 
  if you think you and your country are `` not giving '' anything back , it is your problem . 
  nobody can do shit to a sovereign country which decides to allow only single citizenship . 
  deal with it . 
  when you are given a choice you are not stripped of anything . 
  they can have bulgarian citizenship if they want , but it will be the only one .
