  it 's literally impossible that this happens in other corners of the world . 
  oh i do know . 
  the tensions are well represented on the internet , it is one of the reason i would not live in the states even if you paid me money . 
  still does n't change the fact that the problem comes from those morons and not the creators of the show . 
  the only valid criticism in your post was on dorne , because it was simply badly directed and written on the show itself . 
  everything else is the typical triggered book reader tirade . 
  the fact that some characters took different path and were less important than they were in the book is completely fine as long as it fits the narrative of the show , which has to streamline all the massive content of the books into a limited run on screen . 
  so yeah , fuck dorne , the show is fine . 
  and why is that ? 
  because morons ca n't deal with alternate history , which most likely will be used to show to show the brutality of slavery and condemn it ? 
  similar to the retarded outrage against the adaptation of the man in the high castle . 
  that is not how it works . 
  having religious parents doesnt mean that thier kids will be religious . 
  if that was the case we all would have been devout biblethumpers, 
  nice website , lmao . 
  it may be an overreaction on their side , but that does n't mean the situation is remotely the same . 
  you are missing the fact that western companies bought everything for pennies when the countries joined the eu and opened their markets . 
  the debate is about the `` same '' products , not better or worse quality ones . 
  wrong . 
  unnatural means nothing . 
  it 's a non issue . 
  calling something natural is not a endorsement . 
  rape is natural , murder is natural . 
  what people think of gays is irrelevant if they do n't impede on their way of life in any way . 
  the skin is part of your dick , so yea , its cutting your dick . 
  this is not america mate , we do n't cut dicks in europe for no reason . 
  link to that cheap store ? 
  you think some crazy jihadi bitch is less capable of blowing people to pieces ? 
  he is negative to anything that shows western europe in bad light . 
  he probably gets a rash the moment he sees it . 
  is that so ? 
  how do you count the ones that do and the ones that do n't ? 
  upvotes , downvotes , gut feeling ? 
  thanks , means a lot from someone like you . 
  for people that have english as first language , you sure lack reading comprehension . 
  i am done wasting my time with this stupidity . 
  then your comment was useless , because that is what op was talking about . 
  who the fuck do you think he meant with `` my people '' if not his modern day countrymen ? 
  what looking out for your blood are you fucking talking about . 
  what is up with morons in this thread . 
  its about common culture . 
  me and my neighbor are closer in anything than me and some random japanese guy . 
  which part is difficult for you to understand ? 
  my neighbour is bulgarian , so the chances are pretty much 100 % that we share the same 19th century ancestors , not that this is relevant . 
  who the fuck is talking about ancient bulgaria . 
  that moron made some non-existent claim about op feeling closer to his ancestors when he was talking about his modern day compatriots . 
  the only time he mentioned them was to say that they fought for our independence . 
  i was talking about the 19th and 20th century , not ancient bulgaria . 
  all of this is irrelevant garbage made up by the australian guy to derail the subject . 
  the only relevant fact is that i am closer in any sense of the word with my current day compatriots than with anyone from japan or india . 
  that is all there needs to be said to put that garbage argument to rest . 
  in-fucking-deed . 
  once again , you are simply wrong . 
  people have n't changed that much to be completely alien and the idea that i am in any way closer to the japanese is beyond laughable . 
  the first paragraph mean that he feels close to his compatriots , not his dead ancestors , like you wanted to present it . 
  so he feels connected only with the dead people and not with the people currently living in his country ? 
  or you just made that shit up ? 
  and no , my ancestors are much , much closer to me than anyone from japan or india . 
  if go back to the time of the war for independence i would still be able to talk to my compatriots , something i ca n't say about the japanese or indians , and that is without talking about culture , cuisine and so on . 
  do you have a point to make ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arable_land what were you saying ? 
  most bulgarians eat cheese and yogurt daily , so idk how this map works . 
  well if people have n't noticed his account yet , i can it 's on purpose . 
  you are not helping a friend , you have bought a car on a lease from your neighbor . 
  ofc you do n't , that much is obvious by your flag . 
  the spefic hatred of eastern europeans is almost exclusively a western european thing . 
  if i am to face racism in china for example it would be because i am white , not because i am from from ee . 
  as a matter of fact , explaining that i am not american or western european might even get me off the hook . 
  same goes for many places around the world . 
  saw that as well , but the article from sky news is current , so i guess this is a further development of the story ? 
  well , the bulgars are part of our history and origin , so i guess you will have to deal with your issues . 
  the idea that the territories were depopulated is pan-slavic garbage . 
  a quite irrelevant one . 
  its is still true , but many people do the opposite as well , so it can get quite confusing . 
  you should watch for the facial expression as well , lol . 
  the quality of the map is amazing actually . 
  another [ one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6dsnil/ydna_haplogroups_2017/ ) with less detail . 
  are you blind or you do n't know how to click on it ? 
  i do n't mean anything , the map has a diagram for northern greece , what exactly they mean by that is not something i care about . 
  well they were n't dead even in this sense at that time because many of their customs were still observed and are even to this day part of the bulgarian identity , like the martenitsa . 
  not that much actually and pretty close to the more northern greeks . 
  that is what you are doing in your last 5 comments . 
  ofc we remember our communists . 
  stop playing the victim . 
  nobody imposed communism on the russian people , you did that yourself . 
  without the ussr our communists would have been a side note in the history books . 
  lmao , caucasoid and mongoloid are not ethnic groups , you are clueless . 
  well , he does seem to know more than you . 
  well , the russians kinda had a big role in making communism a thing in their country and in eastern europe , which you can say was self-inflicted harm , one that they also imposed on different nations . 
  at the end of the day , if it was n't for russia none of this would have happened . 
  i do n't harbor hatred for the average russian , but you ca n't act like this is not the result of your nation 's actions . 
  what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  that russians suffered more and for longer time during communism ? 
  i wo n't contest that , but that does n't mean that we did n't suffer as well . 
  when children wore red scarfs . 
  not really . 
  we were liberated by the russians at one period and suffered from them in another . 
  i guess you can say that makes us even . 
  nope . 
  the fact is that race in itself is not a well defined term unlike ethnicity .
