  just not the `` genocidal rule the world '' kind of evil and more of the `` fuck the poor '' kind of evil . 
  it is happening here . 
  a lot of young people seem to think putin and russia are great . 
  i die a little when i hear people my age praise the ussr . 
  ye , the country that bans words . 
  the country with things like the n-word , f-word and so on is the pinnacle of free speech indeed . 
  that 's some good shit right there . 
  that is the first time i see someone put rome in the south . 
  oh they are a symbol all right . 
  a symbol of stupidity . 
  they have actual use on the internet , but that is not the case when we are talking about cardboard paper . 
  you realize people did that for belgium as well ? 
  is it because of the waffles ? 
  not really . 
  they had more than enough time to establish with certainty the time of his death . 
  you keep being paranoid about basic facts , that will get you somewhere . 
  the facts are established when the police reports them . 
  either that or they are lying and i would rather not think about it that way . 
  the police said a suspect was arrested . 
  the police said the driver died at the scene . 
  the clicks do n't matter . 
  were ? 
  you are giving yourself too much credit here . 
  is that fucking twitter ? 
  are people really that dumb ? 
  he is a known moron on the sub . 
  there is nothing perfectly logical in his rebuttal and that is why he used the clown part , as a way of casting doubt on my character . 
  your example for an ad hominem is nonsensical , as no one makes such sentences , but i will give that to your inability to make an actual one . 
  i guess anyone can be a teacher now days . 
  ours used to be on second to last , mby still is . 
  sometimes it was a weather girl . 
  it was already said many times that he was not dead at the time of the attack . 
  any studies to back up your way of thinking or its just `` i like it that way '' ? 
  anything to show that poor people have some inherit hatred against the female sex and homosexuals ? 
  that they are willing to die so they can kill people with different worldview ? 
  also , your second point is meaningless . 
  so clown is not an attack on me but on my argument , got it . 
  thx for the lesson . 
  no they [ do n't ] ( https://www.google.bg/search?q=pew+research+muslim+beliefs&amp;rlz=1c1avng_bgbg686bg686&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=638&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0ahukewjj4f6hqoxrahvnkywkhzt7daqq_auibigb#imgrc=5-qvowkwtwnpim%3a ) . 
  those numbers are way too big for us to be accepting of islam . 
  you keep saying that islam is not the problem without having anything to back it up , you literally have nothing , not even an assumption or some vague correlation to make you think this way . 
  again , the world is filled with uneducated people . 
  their lack of knowledge does not make them hate gays and threat women as shit . 
  its a very specific way of thinking , which can be found in most monotheistic texts . 
  do you really think , that a poor kid living in a horrible place would think that he should kill other people , who disagree with him , without being told to do so ? 
  do you really think that those people are only a product of their environment and not of the ideology they follow ? 
  if you do , i do n't think i have anything else to say to you . 
  `` hahah , studies , who cares , i tell you its not like that , i know better , ha ha . 
  unlike you , i am not talking about all muslims , or any individual for that matter , i am talking about the religion of islam . 
  it may be hard for you to differentiate between actual people and ideas , but they are not the same thing . 
  muslims who are not violent and do n't hold such believes , do n't follow the religious texts to their fullest , the same way most christians stopped believing in the dumbest shit from the bible . 
  the problem is that those are not the majority and that the most violent of the fundamentalist are a pretty fucked up bunch . 
  islam needs reformation , if it is to be accepted in the modern world . 
  that can only happen if the peaceful ones start confronting the violent ones and change the despicable parts of their religion . 
  i wo n't hold my breath for this happening anytime soon . 
  after all , this is the word of god , so how can a mortal man change it ? 
  nice ad hominem , too bad you are too simple-minded to actually articulate a normal argument . 
  there are more than enough studies on the internet showing what they think of women , homosexuals , free speech , democracy , infidels and so on . 
  yet somehow its not the religion that the problem , but the situation they live in . 
  you can keep putting the blame on individuals , the way racist like to , and i will keep criticizing the violent ideology that makes those individuals violent . 
  most stupid shit on the internet . 
  millions of people live in hostile environment , most of them do n't go on killing rampage , bombing innocents . 
  you are actually putting the blame as inherent on the people instead of the violent cult they are following . 
  i personally consider that the position of a raving supremacist , but what do i know . 
  the one in nice did n't have any such issue . 
  if that can bring it down , it should fucking go down . 
  this shit has been explained many times already so i wo n't go into it . 
  you can read some and you might understand the concept . 
  not really . 
  what interest do they have in bombing a country with low muslim population and nonexistent role in the middle east ? 
  i bet you would n't have said anything if it was moldova instead of somalia on the map . 
  what ? 
  this is european racial politics , through and through . 
  dutch guy talking about racism . 
  good laugh for the morning . 
  terrorist usually die . 
  the proud ones are those who claim responsibility for the attack . 
  looking at the comments of the germans in here you would think that their countryman ca n't wait to beat some brown people . 
  what a strange place germany is . 
  shit . 
  they know about our mind controlling pickles !!, 
  the truck was polish !, 
  you 're fucking pathetic . 
  if someone kills your mother would you give a fuck that your neighbor got shot in the head ? 
  do you think people in africa give a fuck when europeans die ? 
  the closer an event is to you , in both figurative and literal sense , the more it affects you . 
  sick fuck . 
  your internal racism is so hard you cant look past anything but skin colour . 
  yeah , delete that shit , fucking morons . 
  it was the biggest one , but it started long time before that . 
  5 dead and 50 injured , thus far . 
  at least 50 injured ? 
  fuck this shit . 
  i hope some of it is fake alarm . 
  just looked really weird . 
  the czechs are quite known for their mushroom frenzy . 
  we have quite a decent variety in bulgaria as well , but the picking itself is not as popular as in central/eastern europe . 
  to some level pretty much all of europe has mushroom fans . 
  wtf is happening ? 
  there seem to be news of violence from all over europe at the same time ?
