  grab them by the cheese !, 
  macron is trouble because he is a banker and he worked for the rotschilds ? 
  is that supposed to be an argument ? 
  critical thinking ? 
  ooohhh the scary jews . 
  he has worked for the rothschilds !, 
  you are pathetic . 
  not really . 
  why would it be the same ? 
  ye , it 's the informal go to . 
  maybe because it 's shorter . 
  czechoslovakia was richer than spain , ireland and almost on the same level as italy , hungary richer than greece , the baltics on the same level as finland and poland richer than portugal . 
  you are free to search the results when communism fell . 
  the poor as fuck region is from the former ottoman empire . 
  we lost the lotto twice . 
  go open some history books , you need it . 
  a brit talking about colonial atrocities . 
  it would have been funny if it was not so pathetic . 
  why would it ? 
  it has no history or influence over here . 
  yes , that is my point . 
  its not only about skin color but also about touristic patterns . 
  the mediterranean countries have widely different results yet the skin tone of their population is mostly comparable . 
  the same goes for the relation between say britain , germany and austria and so on . 
  the average ukrainian has lighter skin than the average spaniard . 
  great news !, 
  good job guys !, 
  he very well knows what he is talking about . 
  the west created the narrative of islamic extremism when the problem was always fundamentalism . 
  yes , the ones believing in the most vile parts of the religion are not in any way a majority , the same way most christians do n't follow some of the worst ideas from the bible . 
  those are the people taking their religion to the `` extreme '' by being tolerant and understanding to other people , despite the religious texts , which tell them to do the opposite . 
  far right voters do n't care about dirty laundry . 
  you are catching up now . 
  and back then you were , as you love to say , a vassal state . 
  i 'm upset that i am not currently in bulgaria . 
  you guys deserve all the support you can get . 
  good luck !, 
  nah mate , you always were and always be russia s lil bitch . 
  orthodox brotherhood brainwased morons . 
  well , it 's because we cant be a vassal when we are ahead . 
  sorry mate . 
  you should try to join the euroasian union of your friends from russia . 
  looking at your economy , i do n't know who is the vassal . 
  sure mate , i understand the serb condition . 
  constantly losing is not easy . 
  ah the great serbian empire which lasted 25 years and was barely bigger than yugoslavia . 
  you realize that we are talking about wars and battles , right ? 
  wars which you always lose if you do n't get help from someone else . 
  that is why you win only when we are fighting on 4 fronts . 
  the times you win , its thanks to other countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-bulgarian_war https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_involving_bulgaria try to find the time when you won . 
  i will give you a hint , there is no such time . 
  nyc does n't really look anything like l.a except for manhattan . 
  some parts of nyc could fit in europe and the same goes for some other cities in the northeast . 
  l.a is one of the most extreme examples you can get . 
  to me it one of the ugliest cities in the states . 
  its fascinating that a city as wealthy and as important as l.a can be so unpleasant . 
  hotel ? 
  it 's the domain of the great one !, 
  they do n't even have any interest in that . 
  most of the industrial base is in the eastern part of ukraine . 
  it would also remove another buffer zone between the eu/nato and russia . 
  because you always need someone to save you . 
  mad serbs gon na be mad . 
  unsuccessful people are really good at making excuses . 
  if only they were as good in anything else . 
  nah mate , you do n't . 
  if i had an euro for every time someone made that comment . 
  who is corbyn supposed to be a friend of ? 
  very sorry to hear this . 
  i wish you guys luck , you already got them once , you should be able to deal with them again !, 
  would be nice if you guys stop talking about the imaginative `` eastern european coalition '' as we do n't really agree on that many issues . 
  the polish are the big american fan boys . 
  at long last !, 
  you really like to shitpost here , do n't you . 
  yes , we have shit system and yes it would be shit regardless if it is public/private because we have problems with corruption . 
  all of this does n't mean that there is no difference between private and public systems . 
  try to make a coherent point , will you ? 
  i am sorry , its the new edition of the same 2 man swedish political think-tank based in france , with the same bias as last year . 
  if you guys think macedonia has good healthcare system i wo n't be the one to ruin your delusions . 
  http://blogs.bmj.com/bmj/2016/02/09/what-if-anything-does-the-eurohealth-consumer-index-actually-tell-us/ bonus for the ones interested . 
  that shit was already posted months ago . 
  its a decent propaganda tool for private health care , i give you that . 
  yep , cause if the emissions were indeed little bit better it makes all the difference . 
  people know diesel is shit for air quality , they still buy it because its cheap . 
  those , who were believing in `` clean diesel '' were ignorant to begin with . 
  i know many americans were really buying that promise , but it was never a thing in europe . 
  europeans will stop buying diesel only if the price changes or if the cars get banned from cities , not because of some american regulators . 
  there were delusional redditors claiming this will destroy vw , that collapse was inevitable . 
  they do n't even realize that emissions are one of the least important aspects of the car for most consumers . 
  and now vw is the biggest manufacturer in the world . 
  as expected , the big gloom and doom after the scandal did n't mean shit . 
  praise satan !, 
  shy racists , that 's a new one . 
  it 's not like they put your name in the polls mate . 
  yemen is the best example of how media agenda can make a war important or irrelevant . 
  the angevin period is a very fascinating one . 
  you realize that there are people for nato and those who are against it , right ? 
  i do n't . 
  even with its current spending europe is more than able to deal with major threats like russia .
