  it does to me , idk what i can change . 
  lmao , the germanic ubermench is here to save the day . 
  first , there is not such thing as a slavic culture , not in 2017 . 
  second , greece , hungary , romania and albania , do n't seem to get better results . 
  and lets ignore the fact that czechs and slovenians are ahead of italy . 
  well its normal . 
  in the modern age , westerners were the ones doing the empire thing while the east needed nationalism to get free from imperial control . 
  so in their case nationalism was superiority and conquering , in our case it was getting away from the conquerors . 
  i know , i know ... 
  well , not really . 
  haplogroups are not very good indicators because they are not well defined . 
  group e in europe is not the same as e in north africa and that is not the same as e in the middle east . 
  i guess you lived under a rock for some time . 
  he is the resident r/europe troll . 
  some people think he is funny , but he is quite boring most of the time , at least to me . 
  there are already ways to stimulate the process without the babies part , but many animal rights activists were against that as well . 
  https://i.imgur.com/qo01sfe.jpg even better one . 
  nice picture ... 
  this is all alcohol . 
  we are fourth because of rakia , not beer . 
  if europeans do n't count in `` anyone '' , you might have a point . 
  ye , i saw that a lot of the posters were talking about beer when it is only used for visualization . 
  pretty misleading stuff if you ask me . 
  the leaders are at the top mostly thanks to spirits , not beer . 
  this is supposed to be all kinds of alcohol translated into beer , right ? 
  why ? 
  none of those are known as strong drinkers . 
  eu funds are not charity . 
  they exist because the west completely destroyed local competition when the markets opened for the western companies . 
  putting that aside , the choice between no funds and no immigrants is easier than making a choice for what am i going to eat at breakfast . 
  what a word vomit . 
  you got any source on the 80 % gdp per capita . 
  i would rather build my life in hungary than in sweden , so i guess it is not `` anyone '' . 
  `` western europeans treat you like shit , so why are you guys so intolerant to muslims ? '', 
  back ? 
  so there was a point when it was n't ? 
  i am convinced now . 
  homosexuality is officially criminalized in india . 
  no it does n't . 
  in india and mena you get jailed or executed , in poland you do n't . 
   men like to objectify people , women regard people as people . 
  tldr : men are children just putting this so people do n't waste your time with you . 
  https://blog.education.nationalgeographic.com/2015/09/08/migrant-crisis-qa/ http://i.huffpost.com/gen/3590842/thumbs/o-syrian-refugees-570.jpg?4 http://imgur.com/4ncbrya idk , seems like we get to deal with a decent amount . 
  you have not accepted anything , you are just a transitional country like bulgaria , one the migrants have no interest in staying in . 
  yep , the years eastern europe was under communism made greeks thing they are closer to western europe than to the east , a rather silly delusion . 
  my only point is that a greek talking about eastern europeans being less fond of the so called `` european values '' is funny at best and pathetic at worst , since you are not really more fond of those values than the average bulgarian , czech , or slovenian . 
  coming from an indian , lmao . 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  we do have a lot about you as well . 
  its laughable that a greek talks about `` european values '' and eastern europeans as something foreign when you are literally the same . 
  the years of communism have made you believe the delusion that you are different and somehow closer to western europeans , lmao . 
  same level of lgbt acceptance , same level of corruption and same targets of racism . 
  you are more religious than most tho . 
  meaningless buzzwords are not impressive . 
  lmao , its a greek . 
  you decided to `` endanger '' yourself , nobody made you do anything . 
  the same way people now decide that they do n't want to do the things you did . 
  feel free to point it out to them . 
  their hypocrisy is completely irrelevant to the feelings of the people in poland . 
  no , you do it because you want cheap labor . 
  there is nothing subjective about laundry detergents . 
  there is good stuff and bad stuff . 
  if you buy the same product for the same price and the result is worse , then something must be very wrong . 
  it would be hilarious if it was polish people in the uk , complaining about it , not the ones who decided to stay in their country . 
  no it does n't . 
  we are talking about brand products which easily be in controlled , not fucking tomatoes , do n't act obtuse . 
  we are talking about the jars of nutella which are already the same price and a gallon of ariel washing detergent for example . 
  everybody who is honest with himself , will admit that he likes calling morons for what they are . 
  not to remove them , but make them follow a eu-wide accepted standard . 
  same price = same quality . 
  you comments show enough , i keep doing it because its fun . 
  no i do n't . 
  i advocate stronger quality control . 
  i have seen more than enough of your comments to know you are a moron , before seeing your bullshit in this thread . 
  well that is a first , if i am a marxist , you must be an ayn rand worshiping libertarian . 
  seems fitting for a clown like you . 
  `` the market will sort itself . '', 
  - some moron 2017 . 
  i knew i was wasting my time with you . 
  i dodge western european products as much as possible . 
  for me the problem is only with detergents , which are almost exclusively from there . 
  if you were n't economically illiterate you would have know that such change in the market is insanely hard if not impossible . 
  the time and resources needed to create a quality product , enter the market and convince western european market chains to sell it is insurmountable . 
  you do n't want a smartphone made in china ? 
  tough shit , mate . 
  the problem is with products that cost the same but are of worse quality . 
  the bullshit that we are denying their distance . 
  sounds rather dumb when we have turkish news on tv and a turkish party in the parliament . 
  we have turkish news on our national channel . 
  we have a fucking ethnic turkish party in parliament even tho it is actually forbidden under constitution . 
  are you turkish , because you seem to spew the same bullshit in every article ? 
  nah , you are triggered that the western ubermensch become pedos when they devote their live to the church and the supposed backwards easterners do n't have that problem . 
  it completely blows your mind . 
  you know it , but you really do n't want to accept it . 
  it simply goes against everything you believe . 
  nope , you can get triggered somewhere else . 
  and the only religious people i know are my grandparents . 
  thank you for the useless anecdote . 
  i 'd rather trust the poll over your personal life experiences . 
  one is the most religious country in the balkans , the other is the least religious one .
