  there are n't many places where you can avoid them . 
  it was great in the first 3 seasons but the last 2 were mediocre at best . 
  volleyball i believe . 
  i do n't . 
  lol . 
  i personally would n't eat it , but i do n't eat red meat in general . 
  i have no objections against those who like it . 
  people who eat meat and act as if eating dog is something super bad and objectionable , as if it is somehow worse than eating pigs and rabbits , are morons , as far as i am concerned . 
  it 's a complete waste of time . 
  i am not interested with making friends with random people on the street . 
  cyrril did n't make cyrrilic , his students did and named it after him . 
  [ grated bulgarian white cheese ] ( http://www.westsitebg.com/files/images/11539/img_0197.jpg ) . 
  prague , budapest and mby krakow . 
  same reasons for all three - beautiful architecture , low cost of living ( remote work ) , summer not as hot as here , easy to integrate ( hungarian might be a problem tho ), 
  on reddit ? 
  the most american dominated site on the web ? 
  fuck i have seen people get downvoted and called edgy ( fuck that word ) in religious discussions for completely well articulated and very mild opinions . 
  reddit is very far from an anti-religious site . 
  [ asparuh ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/asparuh_of_bulgaria ), 
  i drink a glass of wine or beer with my meal almost daily . 
  alcohol is also always a part of going out . 
  if it is just with friends it a beer or two , if its the club it turns into a glass of vodka . 
  i never drink in excess tho , even in the club . 
  i dance quite a lot so i need to be sober . 
  the last time i was shitfaced was 6 years ago . 
  as for the traditional bulgarian way , its rakia with salad before the main course at dinner . 
  that is not for me tho , i am generally not a fan of the hard stuff . 
  meaning a local job , which would exist either way and can be filled by other people . 
  unless we are talking about some rich kid or some great visionary , which wants to create a company from scratch ( which he wo n't do in bulgaria ) , it makes no difference if the guy is from western europe or somewhere else . 
  all in all , there is no reason to go specifically for the western europeans . 
  if it was up to me i would have went on a marketing spree in countries like china and vietnam . 
  we had a sizeable diaspora during the communist years and relatively good relations with both . 
  they also wo n't see the difference in pay as a huge downgrade , the way westerners do . 
  how is that ? , if he is here to stay , it 's probably because he found a local job , so i do n't understand why you would presume he is rich . 
  what for ? 
  i do n't know about a common block , we need better relations first . 
  what does that mean ? 
  people who want federation between eastern states or the specific parties in individual countries ? 
  in the right place ? 
  you are not trying to tell me that those people do n't exist , are you now ? 
  i am not interested in any kind of federation . 
  closer cooperation with eastern states and good relations with the western ones would be more than enough for me . 
  so you want the `` not all '' part ? 
  when people generalize they are usually not very strict . 
  ok mate , point it out for me . 
  there was zero irony in his statement . 
  westerners do n't get treated as second class people in eastern europe . 
  nope . 
  china . 
  i guess it was around 11 ? 
  ca n't really remember the first try but i remember the first time i got completely shitfaced . 
  i was in 8th grade and it was a mix of cola and vodka . 
  and when i say that i remember i mean that i know when it happened , i had no memories from the night itself . 
  one of my mates even went to hospital from poisoning . 
  its much poorer than spain . 
  if we are talking nominal it is higher only than bulgaria and in ppp its lower than any eu country . 
  seems like you did n't read that much . 
  not that much , but generally in a negative way . 
  europe and the world will be , and in some way already are , similar to huxley 's brave new world . 
  it 's a shame orwell 's book became more popular thanks to the red scare in the anglosphere . 
  i find nineteen eighty-four rather dull and uninspired . 
  sounds like bavaria . 
  what about russia ? 
  historically you both had pretty strong connection . 
  quite a lot of people see him n positive light , me included . 
  probably italy . 
  that is not what the fat acceptance movement is , you either do n't know what you are talking about or you are purposely acting obtuse . 
  the meaning behind fat acceptance is that fat people should be accepted as equally healthy and attractive as other people . 
  its not about rights , its about perception . 
  they believe that what we consider attractive is constructed by the media and not our own thoughts on the topic . 
  i think its pretty useless to say that they are wrong and no matter how much fatties start showing on the covers of magazines or in the ads i watch , i wont become attracted to them . 
  white man burden 2017 . 
  i guess its hard to change for the colonizers . 
  there is n't one , i guess the nordics eat everything from tubes . 
  the way to help eu countries is to fortify the external borders so this burden does n't become a reality in first place . 
  i did n't know the project was about taking migrants from africa and the middle east . 
  if that 's it you should express your angst to your politicians and start a campaign for kicking ee states out . 
  no and it wo n't happen . 
  21 to drink ? 
  lmao . 
  you probably can find some people who watch nba but the others are basically non existent . 
  ye , in most cases i cheer for them loosing lol . 
  except for romania i guess . 
  on a more serious note , do n't really watch much sports and i could n't care less about our neighbours performance . 
  and what would you say to the people who do n't give a fuck about skin color , who you fuck or what is your gender ? 
  do you think those do n't exist ? 
  subs dedicated to history and politics . 
  serious geopolitical question on askeurope and its about russia . 
  lmao . 
  this is not the place to get any relevant answers on such topic . 
  here you can ask people if their country has more cats or dogs . 
  i do n't think there is a main one , we love many of them . 
  probably strawberry is a bit more popular than others . 
  housing bubble . 
  the prices in vancouver are high not because the city is an economic powerhouse but thanks to foreign buyers , mostly chinese . 
  typical arrogance . 
  you guys are even more xenophobic , how can you complain that we treat you bad !, 
  you did n't answer either of my questions . 
  first , eastern europeans look different . 
  second , i would find the constant xenophobic remarks towards people from my region irritating , even if people tell me that i am `` one of the good guys '' .
