  lmao , now you are going of the rocker . 
  if anything , we got it from the bulgars . 
  i like how your only argument is that you call it greek yogurt and at the same time you make an objection on the turkic part being only a word . 
  well people in the west know of greek yogurt even tho it is an inferior product , so its all about marketing in the end . 
  we do n't really care who made it , we care that we make the best one , by [ far ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lactobacillus_delbrueckii_subsp._bulgaricus ) . 
  as for the origin there are theories for turkic , mesopotamia , india , persia , greece and so on , so its pretty useless to waste time with the origin . 
  he did n't claim that here , but if you see his history you would know why he is so triggered even before anyone having said anything . 
  not that you guys are very different but still . 
  you do n't seem to know where the european part ends . 
  hahahahaha, 
  no thanks . 
  some ee guy fucked his girl . 
  czechia , slovenia , slovakia and in some cases other ee countries are more stable then spain ever was . 
  if it was n't for communism most of ee would be richer than spain today . 
  do you work for some hungarian ngo mate ? 
  i heard reddit propaganda pays good . 
  what is your solution ? 
  move half of africa into europe ? 
  fucker you do n't even take refugees and you are right next to syria . 
  go die in a ditch commie . 
  signs ? 
  he is breaking records . 
  do you know how many members westboro has ? 
  less than a 100 , around 40 as official . 
  its laughable how popular are they and how people who do n't know shit about them use this as a relevant example of christian fundamentalism , when you can find more radical muslims in a single neighborhood of brussels . 
  you sound like a complete moron , mate . 
  thugs are into masks . 
  only people who will be dead in the next 10 years . 
  so brits call championship the champions league now ? 
  good to know . 
  wide-spread , lmao . 
  mate you think market cap is relevant in purchesing power , it does n't get more illiterate than that . 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
  maybe in futurology or worldnews . 
  you have no grasp on basic economics . 
  `` eu values '', 
  atheism makes no claims on spirits life forces and other stuff . 
  i do n't believe that there is a god is where it begins and where it ends . 
  they are one of the most atheistic countries in the planet , so nope , it 's not just the internet . 
  the world is very religious overall . 
  not really . 
  we celebrate it on the 6-th of may . 
  he is the patron of our army and its pretty much the most celebrated name day , even tho ivan is now a bit more popular than georgi . 
  it 's pretty much the r/france force , given that probably 90 % of the communists in this sub are from there . 
  the best opening of any book as far as i am concerned . 
  bucharest is closer to the 30k than it is to the 20 . 
  would be nice if people stop posting 7 year old data . 
  yes , and you would be right . 
  there is n't much in common between italy and norway . 
  there is no such thing as western european culture . 
  the values of the `` west '' are basically liberal values which have long since been adopted by many countries outside of western europe and that does n't even take into account the influence others had in the making of those ideas . 
  the whole `` western civilization '' argument is dubious at best if it is concentrated only on europe , ignoring the religious and scientific connection it has with the middle east . 
  ye , america not getting praised and china not completely demonized is indeed weird on reddit . 
  you are too used to subs which are 90 % + american so this one blows your mind . 
  you should stick to the donald . 
  no its not , we do share some similarities but this term is way to broad . 
  we have balkan culture , our music , cuisine , traditions are very different than those in ukraine for example . 
  there is no such thing as eastern european culture . 
  you are laughing at the american but you spew more garbage then him . 
  did i miss a period when bulgaria was not in the balkans ? 
  which would n't be that bad when mass automation hits and all resources start depleting . 
  since those types of threads always end up with the dumb `` what about pointing us states !, 
  '' , we should make a game at neutral ground and point on a map countries from africa and asia . 
  we were having results posted on twitter , but noting on the news until the end of the vote in the same way as this . 
  there is probably some loophole in the law in some countries , when it comes to social media and other more modern media tools . 
  i like how you put you opinion as factual statement . 
  good stuff . 
  you are right in the first part but you miss the ball in the second . 
  the chinese are apathetic not because of the beat down , but because they are content with their life . 
  in the last years china has been growing at great pace and people are generally optimistic at the future . 
  for change to happen , china would first need an economic downturn . 
  [ balkon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  i have seen quite a lot outright racist shit upvoted on there so idk about that . 
  either way , reddit is a place that creates echo-chambers , you wo n't find any relevant critique of postmodernism on this sub . 
  without discussing this particular article , bad-anything on reddit is garbage filled with rejects and dropouts , sorry . 
  because he is a brit . 
  i do n't say it ca n't , i said it does n't work well . 
  no reason to fuck up our language . 
  his comment was that it is relatively easy , which its not . 
  at the moment the conversation is garbage . 
  nothing to do with being proud . 
  it simply does n't work well . 
  maybe it can be made to work but it would be a useless venture . 
  there is literally no reason to make our language more complex with diacritics when its working perfect atm . 
  slav most likely comes from slovo . 
  depends on the language . 
  does n't work well at all in bulgarian . 
  shit 's becoming a caricature . 
  completely different scenario . 
  showing respect to a popular figure connected to a certain ideology is a political stance , the other is just mourning innocent civilian deaths . 
  lol , sanders is a conservative compared to this guy . 
  if you have lived for several generations in germany and you still do n't behave like germans , how can you be considered as such ? 
  do n't ask me . 
  i linked that to show that those stats are wrong , even if they do n't count soros . 
  goddamn , he is not even trying to hide it !, 
  must be one of those daywalkers tho . 
  i do n't think the austrians call it soccer . 
  you would be right either way but for different reasons . 
  one would be overall and the other by specific country . 
  i mean , this gif shows exactly that kind of role .
