  i have seen you hateful rhetoric already so i do ' t take much in your opinion . 
  the bad bulgarians oppresing the poor turks , what a joke . 
  if only the mexicans were not so damn hostile towards the conquistadors . 
  i looked at your history and see your inferiority complex is really strong . 
  you are insanely mad that you will never be accepted as european , but such is life , you will have to deal with it . 
  but its all fine , wish you a good life in your backwards shithole , my friend turk . 
  your county will never be seen as anything but this . 
  nothing changed . 
  for all my dislike of russia , the number of inventions coming from there dwarf many western european nations . 
  do you also think that greece is in western europe ? 
  litterally the birthplace of the european civilization is not in the west . 
  for a long periods of time the eastern ends of europe were more progressive and advanced than their western counterparts , for many of those that time ended with the coming of your ancestors . 
  it is really quite pathetic that someone from turkey is talking about this topic . 
  i can not grasp how there are people on this planet who like german . 
  * british_guy83 *, 
  i feel great about them . 
  yet another case for an european army . 
  maybe with australia and new zealand , but not with the states . 
  usa is way too big and will completely dominate any such union . 
  the point is that sharing is irrelevant if people are not willing to have a discussion , not that someone actually gives a fuck about internet points . 
  one way discussions are not very productive . 
  everyone not agreeing with the general way of thought will just get downvoted . 
  do n't expect to get `` yes '' answer in this sub . 
  i vomit a little when i see someone write this . 
  used to be full on federalist . 
  soon i might not be able to say that i am pro-eu at all , not that it matters . 
  well , it 's very hard to say . 
  if your fears do realize , this would be the last betrayal and a sign of forever divided europe . 
  eye-rack must be a nice country . 
  pretty optimistic . 
  had a shit year heath wise , but other than that things are going great . 
  i have no intention of leaving the region if that is the main gist of the question . 
  many westerners seem to think of themselves as some benevolent people giving away free money . 
  combine that with the persistent dislike ( probably the weakest word i can use for that ) of eastern europeans , and you get some rather angry people . 
  i know americans are not good with geography and flags , but i am not dutch . 
  are you color blind ? 
  i can disagree , i ca n't judge , because that makes me a hypocrite . 
  at the end of the day you and your country are benefiting from it , so your dislike does n't mean shit . 
  yep , it is . 
  i cant say `` oooh fuck those '' , when my country is one as well . 
  and stop acting as if the level of evasion is the same . 
  http://nltimes.nl/2016/12/12/netherlands-europes-biggest-tax-haven-says-oxfam-novib its dumb for op to ask a dutch guy about his opinion of tax heavens . 
  you realize you are talking to someone from the netherlands ? 
  another major tax heaven ? 
  seems like 90 % of the time when i see this comment its from a dutch person . 
  not very surprised , but still . 
  the truth is that you are investing in yourself . 
  the thing you get is ease of access and preferential treatment for your companies in those countries . 
  you also get the 2 extremes from immigration , cheap labor and the most educated ones . 
  western europe gained far more , from the eastern expansion , than the opposite . 
  i dont have any general view of latin america . 
  argentina is cool and they have some top notch cinema . 
  a lot of people consider them ugly . 
  do n't count on that happening . 
  they are ugly af . 
  only people with 0 fashion sense can wear those . 
  which is not a problem per se , if you feel comfortable in them , but you ca n't expect someone to appreciate the way they look . 
  we have her here as well . 
  i personally view iran as a country with great history and huge potential . 
  i really think that they can be the place from which a more modern and tolerant kind of islam emerges , or at least i hope so . 
  saudi arabia is a shithole . 
  he is telling him how it is said in english , you moron . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitteleuropa it 's not perfect , but its generally pretty good . 
  there are too many . 
  from bulgaria it has to be [ dimitar dimov ] ( https://www.google.bg/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=dimitar%20dimov ) . 
  as for europe , on the top of my head i can think of camus , kafka , beckett , dostoyevsky , capek, 
  you do n't understand it because americans have some perpetual fear of the government . 
  that is the reason why libertarian morons are gaining traction . 
  you also obviously do n't know shit about `` eastern europe '' , so there is no need to include it in you statement . 
  one of the most racist places on reddit , idk how this shit is still on . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  when people still use the term eastern european they just want to make the exclusion/comparison with western europe . 
  in that sense poland is part of it . 
  its a pretty meaningless and outdated term outside of that . 
  people still talk about ee that , ee this but the politics and ideas of the region are not really going in the same way . 
  if it was up to me it would be reserved for russia/ukraine/belarus , the actual area to which it corresponds to . 
  then you can talk about the balkans , the baltics and the visegrad group . 
  its not debatable . 
  like it or not , that is what they are . 
  and also very much not turkish in that period . 
  there were many places that used to be european , but no longer are . 
  and the 1000 years of decay , that is some bad history shit . 
  it has parts which can be described as `` european '' but it definitely is not an european nation . 
  probably volleyball . 
  there is no problem if you really care . 
  if you want to learn your history , if you are interested in the language , culture or even the food . 
  the problem comes from people who use only stereotypes and call themselves certain ethnicity without knowing anything about it . 
  celsius and kelvin are the only useful measurements . 
  i do n't know if i support it per se but am not against it when it involves cultures who value education , achievement , art and so on and keep their religion to their private life . 
  even better if they are irreligious . 
  you should also keep in mind that those capitals are more expensive than other cities in the same countries . 
  if you are not looking for job you should be fine in the second or third city in portugal , czech and so on . 
  since you seem to be rather slow i will try to go easy on you . 
  first , when you reply specifically to me , you should reply to me . 
  you can shove the `` europeans '' and `` americans '' in your ass . 
  you talk for yourself and i talk for myself . 
  second , i comment on things with which i have contact . 
  unlike your case with roma , i do know a thing or two about guns . 
  i can have un opinion on them because i know what they do and how they do it . 
  and third , when i talk about guns its from the perspective of my country .
