  i for sure agree with her being overrated and its not that she is n't hot , but a lot of people rate far higher than i would . 
  ofc , at the end its all subjective . 
  are n't those fake ? 
  best lecter as far as i am concerned . 
  [ space race ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/the-ussr-won-the-space-race_o_6069185.webp ), 
  chinese . 
  did you just say no country would ever dominate the same way as the us ? 
  lmao . 
  that some ahistorical laughable garbage . 
  i ca n't even imagine the chinese military budget 100 years from now when they would have 2-3 times bigger economy then the us . 
  yea we do . 
  many are archaic tho and used only by the older/rural population . 
  he is a clown . 
  he was a proponent of the very same things he seems to oppose nowadays . 
  just your average opportunist . 
  london is more of a global capital than new york . 
  i was waiting to see a westerner acting like an authority on the topic . 
  want disappointed . 
  breakfast : oat porridge with yogurt and fruits , sometimes pancakes or toast for the weekend . 
  lunch : all kinds of take outs/street food . 
  sandwiches , noodles , burgers , stuff like that . 
  dinner : meals consisting of rice/chicken/seafood / eggs / beans/veggies/more noodles, 
  you realize its the same for germany , japan and south korea ? 
  even the italians love their fiats , despite their dubious quality . 
  lmao . 
  he is trying to say its no longer about nazis . 
  its about anarchy , communism , looting and so on . 
  given the fact that you posted this , you seem to be . 
  in any case , anything further will be a waste of time and brain cells . 
  there is not much to say here . 
  maybe you should look around the post of this discussion one or two more times to get the general grasp of the topic . 
  no , i do n't . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  we are in a thread about calling europe an asian peninsula , the point being made is that it would be euroasian , because the existence of the term asia is dependent on europe . 
  yep , it would be a peninsula of euroasia , not asia . 
  as for the name , that is what we call it now , if people have some problem with euro being at the front , i have no problem with a new name that would be fine by everyone . 
  they never had a good reputation here , so nothing has changed . 
  he is technically wrong . 
  the continent would be called euroasia , since the definition of both europe and asia depend on each other . 
  nope . 
  if you do n't count europe as a separate continent you ca n't do that with asia . 
  would have been fine if he said euroasian peninsula , but now he is just wrong . 
  i think it 's football , volleyball and tennis , both in played and watched . 
  na : canada sa : argentina eu : outside of my own , it is czechia af : kenya as : south korea / china oc : new zealand, 
  there were some problems at the shelters in past years but i have n't heard much in 2017 . 
  they are definitely noticeable in center of sofia and around the mosque . 
  my work was in close proximity and i used to see them daily , but i have n't been in the city for like 6 month , so idk about the current situation . 
  first , its not really 10 % , its more like 8 % . 
  second , its mostly ethnic bulgarians and turks , not arabs and lastly , they have been here for quite a long time, 
  yogurt/banitsa/skara ( grilled minced meat ), 
  east asia or canada . 
  [ \u041b\u044e\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0430 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/ljutenica ) plus mayo and its derivatives . 
  lol , you are delusional . 
  not at all . 
  we are probably the least religious ones among the orthodox and the church is pretty much non existent in politics . 
  you do n't know what ethnicity means ... 
  pancakes , french toast and other sweet stuff . 
  and you think those are `` free '' ? 
  i guess they have a good pr . 
  i would like to not be a part of it . 
  lol , we do n't even like each other.the idea is a joke . 
  no , i do n't have any interest in it either . 
  id i had to , probably czech republic . 
  no country is worth dying for , my family and friends are worth dying for and if they are in that country when shit hits the fan i am willing to do everything in my power to save them . 
  i would look for a way out . 
  there can be no structure without hierarchy and there can be no hierarchy in an anarchist society . 
  try being more condescending commie . 
  sure thing mate . 
  except for being the closest thing to the imaginary society you are asking about in this thread ? 
  pretty happy with both . 
  for the [ world ] ( http://imgur.com/a/hpvep ) , read switzerland as swaziland and missed georgia from clicking like mad on the small islands . 
  for the [ states ] ( http://imgur.com/a/htxvw ) , got 39 states from the first time , west virginia was a dumb miss . 
  anarchists are the biggest morons on the planet , as far as i am concerned , so i would have to go with option a. 
  no one owes the west anything clown . 
  you have not helped anyone , you are part of a mutually beneficial union , even if it is more beneficial to the west , which got to own the eastern markets and use their cheap labor . 
  superiority complex is something westerners struggle with , not us . 
  nothing , or in other words , my poor and small country did as much as yours . 
  zero . 
  whatever mate , you are free to think your country is helping if it makes you feel good . 
  of course it is nothing , harsh words do n't mean shit in the real world . 
  we are talking about a war and you think some platitudes are in any way relevant ? 
  i do n't expect anything in the case of ukraine , you are the one to bring it up and call germany an `` active side '' . 
  there were no active sides from the west . 
  active side , lmao . 
  do n't know what you think you are doing , but yea , its not going anywhere . 
  there is a line and its enforced by the west , not the east . 
  feel bad ? 
  lol , no one cares if you feel bad about it . 
  this is all about practicality and simple logic . 
  everyone knows the germans wo n't move their fingers if eastern europe gets invaded , no need for delusions . 
  i am very much in the present . 
  maybe , but the far future is not something i care about . 
  your history is irrelevant . 
  the fact is that western europe has never helped the east and there is no reason to believe that his will change . 
  a bet on the us is far safer than one on france or germany . 
  there can never be a close relationship between unequal sides and westerners have never and will never see easterners as equals . 
  there wont ever be a pull towards each other . 
  well , the big fans of the us have become such from necessity . 
  they know that relying on western europe would be their doom , as history has proven time and time again . 
  very american .
