  is it really that hard to google the name and see that the comment you reply to is right ? 
  a.k.a the antichrist !, 
  the people who claimed that about japan were probably talking out of their ass . 
  i am not interested enough to bother discussing this , especially with someone as bias you . 
  all we can do is make predictions and mine is that china will have more than 1.5 bigger gdp and the same military budget as the states by 2050 , you are free to believe that the morons who thought a country the size of japan can pass the us are somehow indicative of the situation with china . 
  buzzwords are tiresome . 
  fuck me i looked at your profile , now i know i only wasted my time . 
  are you really that sad or you are paid to post this ? 
  i hope its the latter . 
  the thing is , i do n't actually think that you are american . 
  i have seen more than enough delusional brits who are willing to suck usa 's dick harder than any american can . 
  on the other side , if you are indeed american , i have to tell you i have never met a person with stronger inferiority complex , like your whole life is dedicated to it . 
  swedes seem to be big on american terminology . 
  the only time nato did anything was when europeans went to fight an american war . 
  the situation is nothing like japan . 
  one has a population of around 130 million while the other has more than 1 billion , one is a island the size of germany , the other is the third biggest county in the world . 
  downturns , recessions , democracy or whatever else you can think of wo n't change the inevitable rise of china . 
  geography and demographics will always be the most important factors in humanity 's history . 
  not really , they just say its banter when they get confronted . 
  so , she is going to die ? 
  are you are moron or what ? 
  if any company on the world , and i mean any has to choose between access only to the uk and access only to the eu , not a single one would choose the uk . 
  more people can afford a middle end car in the uk compared to the eu ? 
  you are clueless . 
  you can compare yourself to france or germany , not to the eu . 
  you literally do n't understand economics . 
  there are many people in every single eu country who actually have bigger purchasing power than some of the poorer in the uk . 
  so nope , 145 million to 65 is something only a person with no idea can say . 
  having large poor families living of welfare puts enormous strain on the budget . 
  more like 13-19, 
  they go to school here because otherwise their parents wo n't get financial support . 
  this does n't mean that they have any intention of learning anything . 
  my mother is a teacher in my hometown which has a population of like 10 000 people . 
  now days almost half of her class of 28 are gypsies . 
  of those there are like 2 kids trying hard to learn and make something of their life . 
  those kids come of a family with 2-3 siblings tho , not 6-7 . 
  lmao , gdp per capita . 
  the total market is the important one , unless we are talking about ferrari , rolex and other luxury goods . 
  nice try of making things closer but eu s gdp is 5 times bigger and its 9 times the population of the uk . 
  its even more laughable that you keep the uk s numbers stables as if there are no poor people in the country . 
  your 150 million rich people from the eu would be better to compare to like 20 million of uk s wealthy . 
  what a joke . 
  what is the other side of charlie hebdo supposed to mean ? 
  nope , italian . 
  but i guess you can keep trying to make a point with false info . 
  you 're bundled up now , wait till you get older, 
  you were doing good until the gdp part . 
  le alex jones conspiracy lord . 
  pretty hard when you account for the largest userbase . 
  threads like this are a good example of what happens when you get a brexit brigade on deck . 
  reddit as a whole is not a place for anti uk-usa discussions . 
  you have some american moron wanting the collapse of the eu at plus 20 and you think the sub is anti uk , lmao . 
  everything is in the realm of possibility in the future . 
  and that well known moron has 20 plus upvotes . 
  and brits keep crying that they are disliked . 
  you might as well rename this sub as r/uk _ usa as the majority of the userbase seems to be from those places . 
  bsp majority is literally impossible . 
  your bias is irrelevant . 
  people who buy premium cars wo n't start buying honda , kia and ford . 
  the people who buy german wo n't go for korean and american cars . 
  merc and bmw are status symbols , especially in a country like the uk . 
  i bet only vw would feel `` strong '' change . 
  brexit brigade in full force . 
  the poor brits are so oppressed on this sub , lmao . 
  how can you mistake an american troll for a british imperialist ? 
  that guy think the uk should send boats to retake ireland . 
  it does n't . 
  london will always be a major financial center , but it will certainly lose its position to nyc at the expense of gains in other european cities . 
  win-win . 
  well except for britain . 
  maybe they know , but their brain ca n't process the information very well . 
  did n't expect to be able to see bulgaria and romania at all . 
  they are considered the most significant by americans , not universally . 
  first satellite and first human in space are far , far more important achievements . 
  i do n't believe they are very good either . 
  its a huge span of time in which you can have insane global changes . 
  but i am tired of seeing the same article from the torygraph posted in every thread as proof of the future condition of britain , when there are as much if not more sources , showing a very different picture . 
  [ cheers !, 
  ] ( https://www.instagram.com/p/bpa9bqnjjsz/?taken-by=anastasiyascheglova ), 
  whatever dude , you are so far in the rabbit hole its not even funny . 
  wish you luck with the irish landwhales who look like a truck hit them in the face , i guess every train has its passengers . 
  you mean like the one in the post to which i linked those ? 
  or its fine when it shows the uk as doing fine ? 
  pathetic . 
  not upset , i just find it funny that someone from ireland thinks that way of country like russia , which is widely accepted as one of the countries with most beautiful women on earth . 
  i need literally 1 second on the internet to show you a number of girls that look better than any woman born on your island . 
  oh i do n't doubt it , you will need money to get anywhere near anything good looking . 
  i think this is a very positive thing tho , maybe in 1-2 generations you will get decent looking women on that island , after some mixing with the outside world . 
  nobody expects someone from ireland to know what a beautiful woman looks like . 
  well , they at least have a period of being hot . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/these-economies-will-dominate-the-world-in-2050-2012-1?op=1/#brazil-44 http://pwc.blogs.com/press_room/2015/02/uk-to-fall-out-of-the-worlds-top-10-largest-economies-by-2050.html https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-23/mexico-to-overtake-russia-by-2050-as-u-s-slides according to these , the uk will be behind both germany and japan . 
  e : lmao , downvotes for posting links to economic predictions . 
  and brexiters talk about salt . 
  should the jews worry as well or the fuhrer likes them now ? 
  this graph looks like it was made by an amateur . 
  we have separate stats for north america and latin america . 
  which one has mexico and the cental american states in it ? 
  i would guess the latter of the two , but its rather convoluted . 
  if that is the case , na ( usa+c anada ) and oceania category accounts for ~ 400 million people and it would be normal for the eu to be responsible for more waste with its population of ~ 510 million . 
  having said that , the graph being per capita means , that it does n't really matter if na and oceania are combined .
