  i could not care less about the way things are done in america . 
  i dont give a fuck if you live in peace or of you have weekly school shooting . 
  you do what you do . 
  i care about the gun situation in my country and in europe . 
  the same goes for everything else you mentioned with the exception of the american racism issue , which i dont talk about . 
  you know why ? 
  because it 's an american fucking issue . 
  you just read too much lowlife forums . 
  and our girls are as pretty as ever . 
  thankfully , i could not care less what some clueless american thinks . 
  i know you like to project your believes on other countries because of your lack of knowledge , but your problems with slavery and racism are your problems . 
  the situations in every country in the world is very different and complex so you using the same template because its the only one you know , is useless . 
  my vitriol comes from years of living close and experiencing everything their way of life entails . 
  when its only them getting it , its a privilege . 
  the average bulgarian does n't get half of the benefits , the average bulgarian does n't get a disability pension while being completely healthy , the average bulgarian pays taxes on his house , on electricity on water and so on . 
  the average bulgarian does n't get money for heating in the winter months . 
  the average bulgarian has to work his ass of and they can live on benefits with 8 children who they do n't care for at all , oh they are fucking privileged all right . 
  do they have a better life ? 
  that depends , if you think a life of no care and constant party with loud music and feasts is better than one of strife , of learning and leaving a legacy . 
  i could not give less of a fuck what you would rather see . 
  i got the article in 1 sec and its a very basic prelude to the whole situation , which includes cheating with the help of the disability commission , living on public land with stolen electricity and so on and so on . 
  i have no intention or time , to look for sources in english for bulgarian welfare . 
  if you can understand something with the help of google translate you can read on [ this ] ( http://www.varna.utre.bg/2013/08/22/182771-nepulnoletni_tsiganki_s_po_tri_detsa_dokarvat_nad_1000_lv_mesechno_ot_pomoshti ) . 
  i am well aware that you do n't know about that . 
  people from outside do n't know anything about the situation , which is why its better to not comment on it . 
  ofc i am fucking serious . 
  they get all kinds of wellfare inaccessible to ethnic bulgarians . 
  that is the reason they can afford to live on child support and handouts from the government . 
  there are incentives to get them in schools , universities , jobs and so on . 
  but why the fuck would they work if the get more money for doing nothing compared to my mom working as a teacher . 
  unfortunately my dad works at a bank so i do very well know the amounts which they get . 
  i have seen and lived in cantact with hundreds of them for most of my life , so do n't come here to tell me what they are like and how they do stuff . 
  it can be said that the government is also to blame for making them the way they are now , but their way of life has n't change and will not change . 
  well ... 
  i hate it , but i am polite enough to answer . 
  i just try to keep it short so he/she can hopefully get the clue and understand that i am not interested in having a conversation . 
  syria is in the news daily , yemen almost never . 
  sorry for off-topic but how is the war in yemen reported in the uk if it is at all ? 
  getting tired of people from the other side of the world commenting of topics on which they are clueless . 
  if you care so much buy a fucking ticket and come here . 
  i will take you to their neighbourhood and let you live there for a month . 
  until then , get lost . 
  ah i almost forgot , just this week there was a group of gypsies with bulgarian passports in germany who got pretty famous . 
  one of those morons kicked a woman down the stairs leading to the metro for no reason . 
  in bulgaria romas are an undeservingly privileged group not a `` oppressed '' one . 
  its not even an argument lol . 
  the truth is nobody gives a fuck . 
  i do n't believe in god and i still will plant a christmas tree in the room and someone being mad at it wo n't change anything . 
  what ? 
  how is celebrating christmas not possible for atheists in denmark ? 
  to me its literally a day when i have a nice dinner with my family and exchange presents . 
  the whole thing has pegan roots . 
  there is no need to be religious in any way to celebrate christmas . 
  between 14 and 20 % of romanian words are of slavic origin . 
  we call it [ \u0441\u043b\u0430\u043d\u0438\u043d\u0430 ] ( https://www.google.bg/search?q=%d1%81%d0%bb%d0%b0%d0%bd%d0%b8%d0%bd%d0%b0&amp;prmd=ivns&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjnwkts2vxqahwhjswkhqbpcoqq_auibigb#mhpiv=0 ) here . 
  lol . 
  very mediocre . 
  do n't think i would watch season 2 . 
  there is too much egoism going around for them to ever imagine themselves as the poor character in an ayn rand story . 
  that focus makes it radically different . 
  that is like saying social democracy and democratic socialism are the same , because they both explore socialist ideas . 
  he said canada is closer to europe than the us is . 
  canada is still closer to the us , than it is to europe . 
  its sad that your proficiency at your own language is so bad , i can only hope that the problem comes from your young age so you can improve on it in the future . 
  nah fuck that , looking at your comment history you are simply a moron . 
  what ? 
  most of friedman 's ideas were based on criticism of keynesian economics . 
  thankfully , they are irrelevant . 
  holy fuck i checked your comment history , what a mistake that was . 
  i like quebec . 
  field hockey ... 
  neither is really popular here but when we say hockey we mean the one on ice . 
  we almost always use holland , great britain is the most common one and the term `` yank '' is n't really used , maybe you can hear it in sports . 
  there is literally no reason for montenegro to be outside the union . 
  they even use the euro atm ... 
  what ? 
  coudn not give less of a fuck about jesus on the cross . 
  are you american ? 
  never heard of someone who cares about that . 
  any moron who bitches and moans about food , music or whatever the fuck else should learn how much of his life is `` cultural appropriation '' from other people . 
  its a useless concept with no winners . 
  if we have to stick only with our culture the people who seem to be the most touchy on this subject will lose the most . 
  swedish girls are more attractive than danish ones by my personal observation . 
  and not by a small margin . 
  slavic followed by baltic and nordic countries . 
  france , spain , italy are good as well but less so on average . 
  ca n't say about my country but i personally have a rather positive view of him . 
  the moment someone starts talking about cultural appropriation you need to leave the room and never talk to that moron again . 
  human history is one of cultural exchange of ideas and artefacts , so the whole concept of ca is laughable . 
  it 's hard to believe that this shit has gained any traction but than again , looking at the other things those kinds of people believe explains the sad state of the american `` left '' . 
  thankfully , this cancer seems to be mostly an anglophone thing for now , but who knows if it spreads more in the future . 
  nah , there was still ah when i was playing . 
  * be patriots *, 
  duck with bulgarian sauerkraut . 
  we do n't care about it . 
  if not for the movie many people wont even know about it . 
  i would say yours are better on that front or at least on the same level as spain/italy . 
  as for germany , lol . 
  team white chocolate !, 
  it 's not chocolate in any meaningful way .
