  hitler is also not hailed as the greatest german of all time . 
  so the deaths of millions under the british empire are not as despicable because it was not as immediate and the effort was not as concentrated . 
  history is indeed written by the winners . 
  it is not really incorrect , it is simply a more archaic form not used in everyday conversations . 
  they are so finely tuned that they ca n't stop talking about skin color . 
  white people this , black people that . 
  slavi filipov best tsar !, 
  simeon was a tsar , not a khan . 
  it was very much a slavic empire during its peak . 
  when you compare it to any other european empire at the time , its not hard to view it favorably . 
  top banter . 
  nope , you are confused to think that random tribes matter in the scheme of kingdoms . 
  finland does n't exist on your map and it wont exist for quite some time . 
  probably neither , looking at the distinctlack of major romanian teritory . 
  nice that you reposted your shit map in here without any corrections even tho people explained how bad it is on mapporn . 
  certainly, 
  too bad that finland is not russian anymore . 
  if we exclude all the massacres and genocides , that is . 
  compared to ottoman times its a fucking golden age indeed . 
  and in many , if not most , cases of people believing in higher power they do n't practice animism or anything like it . 
  its pretty easy to answer that you believe or hope that there is something larger then life , something that gives us meaning and stop thinking about it the moment you cross the answer . 
  it does n't have to be religious at all and it may not influence your life in any specific way . 
  there is a very big difference . 
  one comes with following certain norms , traditions , customs and believes the other is a simple idea that there must be something greater influencing our lifes . 
  believing in some spirit or life force does n't affect in any way your daily life . 
  believing in some other higher power is not religious stance . 
  no its not , believe of some other force is a separate category . 
  belief in god in this case is strictly in the context of traditional religious dogma . 
  the fact that irreligious people do n't believe in god , this does n't mean they cant think of some other higher power be it nature , destiny or something else people like to think of . 
  the normal version is not sweet at all . 
  its has a lite sour note . 
  nope . 
  you are given 3 answers : `` do you believe in god ? 
  '' , `` do you believe of some spirit or life force ? '', 
  and `` neither '' . 
  of the people asked in ireland , 70 % chose the first one . 
  that is not how it works . 
  there are people who still consider themselves catholic for traditional causes , the belief in god is more relevant in the case of real religiosity than outright calling yourself an atheist . 
  you do n't count as anything if you were n't asked , this is from an eurobarometer poll . 
  that is a separate category in the poll . 
  this is strictly `` god '' in the traditional religious context . 
  you answer with `` yes '' to the question `` do you believe in god '' . 
  which is ? 
  nah , we make the best yogurt and there is nothing greek about it !, 
  there is no the west vs russia . 
  there is the eu , which bulgaria is a part of , and russia/usa on both its sides . 
  for all its problems ( which are a lot ) it 's a better alternative than being in the sphere of influence of either of those two . 
  you are the only one with limited worldview . 
  eu with more cooperation with sea/east asia and the latin american countries is the thing we need . 
  lmao , moron , kissing the eu 's ass is the last thing you will find in my comment history . 
  i like to describe the eu as the lesser evil , compared to russia and the states . 
  you are simply too dumb to grasp geopolitics . 
  do you have a single comment that is not completely moronic ? 
  i very much doubt that . 
  that is why i said most and not all . 
  the english might shit on america when they are talking between themselves but in here they are defending them as if people are talking about the uk and not the states . 
  africa is going to have more than 4 billion people in the future . 
  on the other hand you can always bet on anglophones to defend them even if the americans themselves agree that they are making a mistake . 
  maybe i shouldnt use anglophones tho , because most users with nz and australia flags are simply english immigrants . 
  damn , seems like the dutchies are more sensitive to their might than anything erdo said about them . 
  i am against conscription , but a short period of basic training can be useful without being too intrusive to your life . 
  people do n't want or need to experience military life . 
  one month is enough to learn some basic skills on which you can improve if a time comes , when you will be needed . 
  if your logic was true , fn would have weak following in the mediterranean coast but it is one of their strongest areas . 
  stop spreading lies . 
  fn is weakest in bretagne , the place with least muslims and black people . 
  this is also true for most of atlantic france . 
  people need to stop cutting huntington . 
  his analysis was weak during the time he made it and its even weaker now . 
  the guy had fucking kazakhstan as orthodox ffs . 
  i am getting very tired of those comments in every thread . 
  brits talking about admitting mistakes is my favorite . 
  you are grasping for straws the whole tread , sad stuff . 
  ye , it attracts other penises . 
  dudebros and such . 
  he was born in turkey and still holds turkish nationality , not 1/32 part 7th generation irish , who never even left america . 
  well , you just had a canadian shooter attack muslims so i do n't know if the political discourse reflects the real situation in canada . 
  it will be so funny when automation starts killing jobs on massive scale . 
  lmao , the birth place of colonialism , fascism and every other vile ideology gets tarnished reputation thanks to ee . 
  congrats , now you know how the eu works . 
  there are 3-4 putinbots on the sub and they get downvoted to the ground in every thread ... 
  all those come from portugal , the first country to introduce the fruit in europe . 
  surprise , surprise !, 
  where is his dog . 
  i guess if there is one thing we do better than anyone else its yogurt , ours is indeed leagues ahead of any other variety i have tasted . 
  i do n't even know if you can consider the greek stuff as the same product . 
  there was no enslavement in bulgaria or the czech republic , try another excuse . 
  also their culture is in no way broken , that is the problem to be precise . 
  its because they have the same traditions that they marry when they are 13 or 14 and have grandchildren before 30 . 
  ] ( http://farzinews.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/bane.jpg ), 
  for you . 
  i do n't care , your logic is simply bad . 
  lmao , top notch logic mate . 
  might as well stop calling anyone european then , it might be offensive to the german turks and french arabs . 
  never heard any chinese having negative opinion of eastern europeans . 
  i mean , they think we like our communist past and believe we have shared experiences . 
  just watch out if you are speaking polish . 
  my reasons are as follows : first one of course is family and friends . 
  i do n't think i need to expand on this point . 
  second , i am working with international audience so the money i make are not really connected to the state of the local economy .
