  is that some shitty coincidence or wtf ? 
  do n't you worry , nobody goes from fucking models to inbred british cows . 
  i am sorry dear but you might find someone who wants to fuck you only on that damp island . 
  fucking wine pickers . 
  do you have sandwiches ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i had to scroll wayyy too much for this . 
  ha , ha . 
  let 's keep it clean . 
  glorious germanic features . 
  an extremist can only think in extremes . 
  but i do , its really sad when young people get scared from such early age . 
  i know you are already challenged so i do n't want to make your life even more miserable , i am not into kicking someone when he is already down . 
  and why is that ? 
  well thank you , it means a lot coming from you . 
  you are a funny individual yourself . 
  unfortunately its the kind where people laugh at you and not with you . 
  if its not obvious , my opinion of libertarians is rather negative , to say the least . 
  i hope , i do n't want to hurt your little feelings , that may ruin your childhood and scar you for life . 
  you seem to be lost . 
  sorry for hurting your feelings mister president . 
  do you need a safe space so you can cry in peace ? 
  it 's relevant in you inability to comprehend the topic . 
  a proud brexiter like you ca n't and wo n't recognize british war crimes and atrocities . 
  it 's pretty simple actually but i dont expect much from you . 
  in other words , british support of terrorism in the middle east . 
  i know a proud brexiter does n't see things that way but it is what it is . 
  the thread is about british support of terrorism in the middle east . 
  i am very much in the right thread . 
  nah , i mean the british helping saudi arabia raze yemen to the ground . 
  nah , i agree with you . 
  it 's obvious that he thinks anyone on the left is a marxist , but that is not surprising giving his general views . 
  it 's good that some people are starting to openly admit their supports for terrorists , all the denial and hidden agenda was getting tiresome . 
  it 's fighting for freedom when its the middle east and terrorism when its in western europe . 
  my comment was on him and his attitude , not the link . 
  i am usually not a fan of white supremacist libertarians , so i tend to not give a fuck about what they post . 
  miss universe does not in any way reflect beauty . 
  its a political show like any other contest of similar kind . 
  you do n't need to read marx to be a marxist , really . 
  a very big part of modern political thought is either retelling or criticism of his ideas . 
  i do understand why you answered this way tho , looking at op s post , he seems to think everyone on the left is a marxist . 
  should n't have looked op s history , an anarcho-capitalist white supremacist ... oh boy . 
  no thanks . 
  playing the media and voters does n't work the same way in france as it does in america . 
  the economist group is not known for making good studies . 
  their quality of life ones are highly criticized as anglocentric and biased . 
  people should not give much attention to any ranking they post . 
  well its still not 90 % like any other place , so its relatively good . 
  much better . 
  balkon and so on and so on !, 
  i do n't know if that was some good self-parody or complete lack of self-awareness . 
  i like it . 
  indeed , but it still comes petty much the same or more expensive if we take into account price to income ratio . 
  but in many cases it does n't . 
  when i went to madrid i was amazed that many things in stores cost the same and some were even cheaper than in bulgaria . 
  and if we start talking about clothing and electronics it gets even worse . 
  the only thing that seems to be somewhat proportional is the ratio betwen income and rent . 
  putting my bet on the `` freedom fighters '' ... hope there are not many casualties . 
  pretty much nothing , if you read this sub . 
  does n't seem like most people here have any nuance in their thinking . 
  not surprised tho , absolutist ideologs are usually like this . 
  kill 100 people ? 
  no worries , we will rehabilitate you . 
  and how is that an excuse to bash america ? 
  he is wrong on many things and he uses the famous `` in europe '' , `` europeans do this '' bullshit . 
  its just a very weak article . 
  you very much are . 
  black/white and whatever else is overly simplistic and was never really relevant seeing as clearly white people were not considered such in the past . 
  when you say you hate germans you are not doing any critique as is the case with disliking ideologies . 
  you hate them simply because of their ethnicity . 
  very much racism . 
  so , an actual social democrat . 
  do they have separate departments ? 
  that would explain a lot . 
  nothing , if she was british . 
  i usually regard spiegel rather high . 
  how did that guy get to write there ? 
  laughable attempt . 
  its pretty obvious that czechia is dominating in production so yea . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding but he was definitely talking about production . 
  i guess we are talking about different things . 
  i am talking about production . 
  pretty sure the guy you answered to was as well . 
  switzerland ? 
  do you even math ? 
  overrated ? 
  its petty universally accepted as garbage . 
  it somehow is still popular , but i would not call it overrated . 
  that is why i made the distinction . 
  quebec has its own culture which makes integration more demanding in similar way as in europe . 
  you have to , at least partially , be assimilated by the culture of host country to be considered part of it . 
  the rest of canada does not have any distinct cultural traits and as such it is much easier to integrate into , since you just bring your own culture in another country . 
  following the law and being able to communicate the language is all that is needed . 
  i have to say that i made the distinction because i am also rather interested in quebec . 
  i have read a decent amount about it and i have to say , that it seems to be the only place , outside of europe , i can see myself living in . 
  geography , selective immigration policy and lack of distinct identity . 
  unlike the usa which did created its own distinct identity , canada has no such thing ( except for quebec to some extend ) making it much easier for someone to become `` canadian '' . 
  all you need to do is to be a citizen . 
  europe has certain ethnic and religious history which puts strains on relations between different kinds of people . 
  so we are ahead of the netherlands .
