  maybe not having any way to live out their urges will make them go for real people ? 
  bulgarians stopped moving to greece a long time ago . 
  not for linguistic reasons . 
  its the place you are born , nothing less nothing more . 
  being european does n't depend on the time period . 
  no matter how hard you try , it wo n't be anything else but a place . 
  the telegraph is getting desperate . 
  lmao . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2zxnnq/the_evolution_of_womens_suffrage_being_legalized/ does n't get more sexist and patriarchal than switzerland . 
  i have n't started anything , i am not the op . 
  i just contested your `` lol hungary is n't safe unless you count the commies '' , while it is safer than many western countries which happen to include a large part of the population of europe . 
  if hungary is n't safe , than france is a warzone . 
  now you are trying to backtrack like a little bitch because you realized you sound like a moron and go around the bush with poor countries in asia . 
  second , if you want to prove that one country is safer , next time use some actual sources instead of a ranking which includes fucking numbeo . 
  both france and the uk have social problems that would be there without immigration and other problems that are very specific to immigration . 
  we will see how those and germany/sweden look like in the ranking in the next 15-20 years and then you will be able to compare it to countries like poland and hungary again . 
  i wish you luck with the federation thing . 
  thankfully , what you think about it is not relevant . 
  a true european , lmfao . 
  i guess hitler and mussolini were asian , because they sure as hell do n't sound european according to you . 
  well , so you do have the time for it , its just in the form of another type of activity . 
  it does , you have nothing to contribute to it anyway . 
  everybody has time for everything . 
  you simply have decided to put something else as your priority . 
  i do n't believe that its hard to find 3-4 hours a week to stay in shape . 
  the uk does n't want freedom of movement , not visa free travel . 
  `` swedes are gay . '', 
  do i win ? 
  i know that mexico has visa free travel with the eu , the idea that the uk wo n't get it is laughable . 
  you sound triggered . 
  would you be less mad if i said overweight ? 
  and no , its problem for both man and woman . 
  i myself live by the belief that you should expect from other the same you are willing to give to them . 
  for that reason i go to the gym 3-4 times a week and look out after my appearance . 
  where did i say yours isnt safe ? 
  your perspective is irrelevant , doing poorly is not an object of your opinion . 
  being one of the 25 safest countries in the world is not doing poorly . 
  the fact that it is better than the mentioned countries also shows that it is not doing poorly . 
  i do n't think you are willing to say that the uk and france are no-go zones , since they are doing worse than hungary , but we all know why you are triggered like mad . 
  there is 0 % chance that people from the uk will need visas to visit eu countries . 
  do n't you get tired of posting garbage comments ? 
  lol, 
  obesity in europe and north america has distorted our views of what an average woman looks like . 
  safer than the uk , belgium , france , italy and the us , according to your link . 
  so i guess your `` is n't safe '' , does n't mean much . 
  calling that a poor performance just show how hard you are triggered by facts not fitting with your world view . 
  you can bet that he wo n't be answering your question . 
  relative to most of europe we have done more than our fair share , especially given our capacity . 
  ofc , nowhere near the level of sweden , thank fuck for that , but we have done our part . 
  well that is some erasmus 2 year course . 
  i am willing to bet most of the students are not even from here , but i guess something like it does exist . 
  they did know what to do with him , but i would agree that the 20 good men part was a weak point . 
  other than that i am more than fine with his arc . 
  pretty sure there are no such classes . 
  this is getting tiresome so this will be the my last post . 
  the guilty part came from you talking about western europe , but the modern usage of `` white people '' has nothing to do with it . 
  white people eat this , white people watch this is only talking about americans so its `` white americans '' and `` black americans '' , you might claim that there is a `` black american culture '' , but not `` black culture '' . 
  people from africa have nothing in common with african-americans other than their skin color . 
  i hope that clears it . 
  i will leave the anecdotes because i am not interested in them . 
  let 's just say that i do n't think that a black guy is unable to make a movie about white people and the same with the opposite . 
  its not about guilt . 
  when you say white people , everything that follows is about `` white americans '' . 
  fuck , you do n't even seem to grasp how laughable americans sound when they spew their bullshit . 
  there is no such thing as white culture , black culture and all that garbage . 
  when people say `` white people '' do this and that , they are only talking about `` white americans '' . 
  once again , black kids and white kids are not monoliths even in america . 
  not all black kids are taught the same thing , so putting them up in one category is simpleminded racist bullshit , which is propagated by self-proclaimed fighters against racism . 
  the idea that all `` white people '' and all `` black people '' are thought the same thing is laughable . 
  the idea that you ca n't fill the shoes and understand the experiences of someone with different skin color is laughable . 
  you guys should at least start saying `` white americans '' and `` black americans '' if you want to continue this stupidity , because that garbage has nothing to do with either europe or africa . 
   it 's not racial theories . 
  it 's how we 're raised and taught . 
  it 's not a physical incapability . 
  it 's a structural problem with our society that makes addressing these issues in a constructive way difficult . 
  pseudoscience without any actual evidence . 
  oh , there have been quite a lot of people bothered by tmithc . 
  you have no idea how slavery will be presented in the show . 
  i do n't want to talk about it because i am not interested in racial theory . 
  your `` white people '' are capable of this and `` black people '' are capable of that is not worth my time . 
  not really , our universities simply do n't have such classes . 
   i 'm pro-alternative history . 
  you are not . 
  the idea that japan and germany would actually defeat and colonize every country on the planet is as , if not more , ridiculous than a win and continuation of the confederacy . 
  alternate history is known to be based on rather unlikely if not impossible scenarios . 
  as for the second part , american identity politics based on skin is not something i am interested in having a conversation . 
  unlike americans , i am not comfortable with measuring people s ability based on their skin . 
  great analogy , almost the same thing really , not that anyone would care about your `` joke '' . 
  you are the same as the trump tards which try to `` boycott '' products and show which trigger them . 
  i always call out morons when i see them . 
  i could not care less if it triggers you . 
  i do n't care about the show , i care about content creators being bullied by dumb people , trying to put limit on their creative reach . 
  lmao . 
  i could n't care less mate . 
  i would n't watch it either way , it 's just a pathetic reaction against creators instead against morons like you . 
  i could not care less about american history , black oppression and so on , it has no relevance on my life and interests . 
  he really is n't . 
  not really . 
  most of the world has not heard his name . 
  because only the great enlightened europeans can denounce religion .
