  i ca n't even imagine how he felt . 
  there are constantly news of ugly situation around the world but for some reason this shit made me insanely mad and sad at the same time . 
  damn , that is some heavy shit . 
  our football hooligans and even some of the players are fucking morons but i do n't remember stuff like that . 
  i have not watched the bulgarian league in the last 6-7 years but i do n't think we have had anything like that . 
  for the third time they did get `` reformed '' , just not in the same way . 
  the catholic church does n't endorse slavery , of course it has changed . 
  it is changing with every passing day and it still has a lot of work to do . 
  second round , lul . 
  of course they got `` reformed '' . 
  do you have problems reading ? 
  both the reformation and the enlightenment had profound influence on all of christianity . 
  just because they did n't become lutherans does n't mean catholics did n't change . 
  looking at the ranking it does seem to be at least a part of it . 
  are you serious ? 
  the reformation was literally the breaking down of the catholic church into new denominations . 
  the main catalyst behind it was the mass translation of the new testament . 
  do you think this had no influence on the people who decided to stay with the catholic church ? 
  even the ones who did n't denounce the church were forever changed after this moment . 
  i do n't think i need to comment on the enlightenment , which started in catholic france . 
  i would definitely not use the word standard . 
  to me it would mean full uniformity and that would not really apply here . 
  the same way most christians reject slavery . 
  in other words , by not being very christian . 
  how did we reach this point ? 
  reformation and enlightenment , something islam needs . 
  because of the shit way people still measure it . 
  nobody really considers paris a city of 2 million . 
   i do n't expect us to have much better results , because i very well know that the level of the average student here is rather low i obviously do n't and you would have known it if you had enough intellect to read my full post . 
  pretty sure there is nothing `` left '' about his post . 
  inception . 
  i do n't think they are skewed , as in following intentional agenda . 
  i simply was trying to make the point that they are not as representative , as they may seem on first glace . 
  at the end of the day , i do n't expect us to have much better results , because i very well know that the level of the average student here is rather low and that should be one of the main things we need to put more attention into . 
  i expected that it would have to use some proportional demographics to get relevant results . 
  i might be wrong on this . 
  lets just say that the bulgarian results ( and yours as well ) are dragged down by a certain group in society which does n't put great emphasis on education . 
  i am not saying that we were going to be in one of the top brackets , but you can bet that it has great influence on the overall results . 
  that is not the thing i was going to talk about , but i guess its less controversial than the other one . 
  they are and they still have some of the best , same with bulgaria . 
  this ranking may be indicative of the guy making burgers at mcdonald 's , not of the math elite . 
  i see but my point still stands if they are comparable in the same amount of competitions . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  romania s total medals are 311 and america 253 . 
  do you understand how per capita works ? 
  bulgaria for example won most of its golds after 1990 when pretty much most relevant countries were in the game . 
  well bulgaria is in the top 10 with the medals but i will get called names if i start explaining the results . 
  answer the fucking question . 
  was the ussr a democracy ? 
  nah , i am saying that 99 % the time someone says `` false flag '' its some conspiracy nut talking out of his ass . 
  usually those come from america but no i see that its not a thing only there . 
  i thought the false flag morons were only in america watching infowars and reading breitfart . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  i have n't watched them but my parents certainly did . 
  mother has a chiburashka doll . 
  there are plenty of other subreddits for americans , you are free to go there . 
  i like how you keep evading the major question which completely ruins your `` logic '' . 
  do you think that the ussr and its satelite states were democracies ? 
  that 's like saying apple is chinese . 
  the owners are hmd and the phones are manufactured by foxconn . 
  not really . 
  if for example the baltic countries somehow cooperated to make a shared nuke it would only improve the stability of the region and the world . 
  and ? 
  we already have countries with thousands of miles and you think iran is the biggest treat ? 
  human nature is a very simplistic and basic concept in the 21st century . 
  it 's human nature to go around naked , but we have rejected that notion . 
  its human nature to shit anywhere we want . 
  the ideas of `` bad '' or `` evil '' people becoming such because its in their `` nature '' is ridiculous . 
  our identities are formed from our surroundings and the human nature you talk about accounts only for the general understanding of what is to be human compared to any other animal . 
  this is a point how ? 
  iran would need to do a lot of adding up if they are to become a bigger treat to world peace than russia or the us . 
  if anything , the more countries have them , the lesser the treat from the big players . 
  from all the posts , that might be the first one i do n't know . 
  `` a few '', 
  nuclear proliferation is both a treat and seemingly a necessity for world peace . 
  on top of that , it is already more than enough of a problem with the massive american and russian stockpiles . 
  trump just called the media enemy of the people . 
  you should not be sorry for calling stupid people stupid . 
  you are literally the most dense person with which i have discussed anything on reddit . 
  my only argument is that you cant compare paris with zagreb . 
  you ca n't compare a city of of complete worldwide irrelevance with one of the most important cities on earth . 
  the political/social / situation is nothing alike , the media influence is nothing alike , history is nothing alike , economic situation is nothing alike . 
  they have nothing in common so the comparison is utterly irrelevant . 
  maybe some day you will understand . 
  keep pushing the goalpost . 
  i never claimed that tokyo has the same issues , in fact if that was your original comparison i would have not made any comment because those cities are of similar stature . 
  zagreb is not even close to their level and its beyond silly to use it as example in this context . 
  and no its not only the size and population that are different , everything is . 
  there is nothing in which you can compare zagreb with paris . 
  being the capital of a country is the only thing they have incommon . 
  i did n't ignore shit . 
  every single megapolis is plagued by problems which can indeed be a different kind . 
  tokyo does not have problems with riots but they have other issues . 
  the thing is you are not comparing paris with another mega city but with a place with economic output 50 times smaller . 
  how is it an ad hominem ? 
  you are delusional if you think you can compare zagreb with paris . 
  it really is something special to see people as delusional as you . 
  riots are the only negative thing in your mind ? 
  that 's pretty pathetic . 
  try with organized crime groups/human traffic/prostitution/drug trade/massive corruption on the highest level and so on .
