  yes , this is iniesta audit services . 
  how may i assist you ? 
  de jure , that is . 
  thanks erdogan . 
  woah , let 's not reach for our pitchforks just yet . 
  there 's still a chance of getting a beneficial coalition . 
  he wants to change the governmental system . 
  turkey is currently a parliamentary republic , with the prime minister as the executive instead of the president . 
  if akp would have secured a majority ( [ luckily , they did n't ] ( http://thesocialhumanist.com/2015/06/07/turkish-election-results-2015/ ) ) erdogan would have pushed for a presidential republic . 
  this basically means he would have more power as a president . 
  he would have the right to appoint his own ministers for example , while in a parliamentary republic the ministers are appointed by the parliament . 
  i know they did , but i 'm still afraid one of them might give in to the allure of being a governing party . 
  unless they can form a coalition with chp of course , if that were to happen . 
  that 's not what 's implied though . 
  the reason akp lost their simple majority is because hdp passed the threshold . 
  here 's to hoping they keep their word . 
  quality banter . 
  the turkish communities consist primarily of guest workers and their families from rural anatolia , what did you expect ? 
  it 's a common trait of immigrant communities to clinge onto their own culture , and educated turks are still a minority in europe . 
  information is out there on the internet , but it 's up to themselves to actually question erdogan 's regime . 
  i think television has a larger impact , and virtually every mainstream channel is alligned with the government . 
  but the largest problem lies within the communities . 
  since most people are so overwhelmingly pro-akp , it requires more criticical thinking for individuals to see through the popular opinion , so erdogan maintains his sultan status as a result . 
  upvoted because galatasaray . 
  your pronounciation is amazing as well !, 
   stop wasting your breath . 
  the only realistic coalition is akp / mhp . 
  that , or an early election . 
  in that case , you can go ahead and announce an early election , because akp-mhp is not realistic either . 
  wow !, 
  i 've seen quite a few mentions of a return of amrabat lately . 
  did n't malaga buy amrabat from us or am i losing it ? 
  ah ok . too bad , i thought it was a reasonable deal . 
  i do n't know man , umut bulut scored against juventus after all . 
  where was messi 's goal against them in the champions league final ? 
  chp and akp are nothing like each other , so there 's a substantial difference , but i 'll try to keep it short . 
  akp has imposed a rather authoritarian and conservative rule upon turkey . 
  they feed on the ignorant and the gullible , using their islamic populism to appeal to the religious masses . 
  chp is the republican party . 
  they are social democrats and the cornerstone of secularism in turkey . 
  hdp is considered to be a political branch of a vast kurdish movement that also includes militant terrorist organisations such as the pkk . 
  however , it was absolutely necessary for them to pass the electoral threshold and enter the parliament in order to prevent akp from securing a simple majority . 
  have a look at [ this article ] ( http://thesocialhumanist.com/2015/06/07/turkish-election-2015/ ) for a more elaborate commentary on the political setting and the recent elections in turkey . 
  biased because i said akp feeds on the gullible ? 
  this does not mean that akp exclusively gains votes from ignorant people , but rather that they are widely supported by certain segments of the population . 
  also , i already said i 'd keep it short and linked to an article at the end , which does discuss the turkish political landscape . 
  it 's just wishing , so who cares if it 's unrealistic right ? 
  well the vast majority of akp voters i have ever met were , in fact , gullible . 
  bias is inherently present in human judgement . 
  you 're deluded if you think you are an exception . 
  edit : what exactly did i say about chp * voters * in my comment ? 
  man your scouting seems to be on point . 
  i think that little argentinian bloke would be great too . 
  we 'll have a solid team if we sign him as well . 
  definetly , i merely wanted him as a substitute for umut of course . 
  nice , so you could always try to work abroad if things do n't work out in the netherlands . 
  i 've really contemplated iba at vu as well , but eventually decided to study law . 
  yup , that 's it . 
  snoop drog to galatasaray confirmed . 
  this is just perfect , lmao . 
  he is competent enough to pursue virtually any team in the world , i do n't expect him to return until he 's at least 30 . 
  i am obviously biased , being a galatasaray fan , but arda at chelsea would be amazing . 
  i 'm fluent in turkish , dutch , and english . 
  other than that , i speak french and german to a certain extent , learned some italian once but do n't really remember anything , and know some latin . 
   any language you 're learning , or you are interested in learning ? 
  i 'm kinda torn between improving ( or at least maintaining ) french and german , and learning a new language . 
  i 'd like to learn russian but , you know , ai n't nobody got time for that . 
   what language do you find fascinating ? 
  do you listen to music in a certain language ? 
  as odd as it might sound , i think turkish is a fascinating language , despite being a native speaker . 
  i listen to english and turkish music most of the time . 
  ` it says ... ' is better anyway, 
  i wish we got nani instead of fener , but i 'm sure podolski will be a useful player too . 
  i approximate you saying that . 
  last seen in / r/trees . 
  why am i not surprised lol . 
  the rivalry between our clubs is exactly what fuels these problems . 
  the majority of both fanbases simply can not stand to watch their rivals celebrate a title while they themselves are left empty handed , regardless of whether their club is making progress in terms of scouting and raising young prospects . 
  all top tier clubs in turkey have to take that into consideration , which results into the fact that short-term succes ( read : outdoing domestic rivals ) is given the priority over investments for the future . 
   i reckon most fans have this mentality and they ca n't grow out of it . 
  exactly . 
  i remember someone saying the following while we were in the process of buying alex telles : `` what 's all this fuss about ? 
  it 's not like we 're buying a world class player or anything . '', 
  people have to realize that we are never going to be able to compete on european level by starhunting , as long as real madrid can afford to spend more money on a single player than we can spare on our ` star ' ensemble . 
  it 'd be an honour to receive a ban from snoop dogg . 
  i 'm assuming your brother is young ? 
  so long as his contract does n't include a clause that will allow them to buy him cheaply , i think this should turn out alright and he 'll hopefully gain some experience . 
  oh well , i suppose bruma 's time at galatasaray is over then . 
  no kidding , he is literally messi . 
  alex telles can replace melo , we got ourselves a new lb . 
  i might have been , not sure . 
  everything is possible with lionel ~ ~ messi ~ ~ carole on our side !, 
  those stars cost galatasaray five league titles each . 
  i 'd say 30 bucks is a bargain . 
  as a turkish dutchman , i 'm glad to see that people in turkey are interested in studying here . 
  i 'll be studying law next year , so i wo n't be able to give you much relevant advice , but eindhoven is renowned in the field of technology , as its name suggests . 
  have you also considered tu delft amd tu twente , or is your course not offered there ? 
  [ * sigh * ] ( http://www.ditchthelabel.org/1/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/tumblr_mi7uci7tbk1rknrf9o1_500.gif ), 
  i do n't know . 
  the black one is nice at least , but those stars ...
