  or is n't there a particular region that russia wants but rather tries gain control over the territories where russia has much support , and these regions are the most prominent ones ? 
  thanks !, 
  it 's cool that they are all in the same style . 
  you could set all of them as a wallpaper on pc and you 'd get a very nice slideshow with a consistent style . 
  alright , sounds clear enough . 
  i got ta say your posts was a lifesaver , because i had to get a brief overview of the conflict somehow , and i had no idea where to look that . 
  it seems like all the sources i came across either had an obvious agenda or did n't brieflt explain the conflict very well . 
  3 idiots right ? 
  he was lionel messi ? 
  abandon all hope guys , even *notreddit.com * is , in fact , reddit . 
  it was still pretty funny . 
  yeah , but you can still use this site to pull a mildly funny practical joke on a friend . 
  now all i need to is think of something appropiate ... 
  sandstorm, 
  ... by darude, 
  why is israel a square ? 
  sorry , total newb here . 
  why is that ? 
  kek, 
  ah , so overused i guess . 
  * pats himself on the chest *, 
  ikr , why would they give that away like that ? 
  are they assuming their opponent is as tactically imcomptent as galatasaray ? 
  i hope they stop him from doing that , whoever it is . 
  it can only hurt us . 
  same , i really hope he gets to become a regular at our squad again . 
  chelsea ` fan ' . 
  i feel pretentious to call myself that as my first club is allways galatasaray , but i just really like cfc . 
  man , i wish i lived in london , you have my envy . 
  i am turkish dutch , and i think you guys have a pretty sympathetic team . 
  i chose this name because hazard is really amazing imo too , and one of my favourite players . 
  by the way , are you native belgian or ` g\u00fcrbetci ' like many folks here ? 
  edit : i should have noticed ` by nationaly ' already implies what i asked , sorry . 
  yeah , i guess living in a city a like london is not cheap . 
  but i imagine it must be amazing to live there . 
  what are you studying there ? 
  i 'm in high school at the moment , and damn would i love to study in london if i had the chance . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty much the same . 
  i 'm far better in english and dutch than in turkish , and my french is better or at least en par to turkish in terms of writing . 
  fuck , what do i do ? 
  burn it with murder ? 
  so are you intending to work in england ? 
  i had kinda cancelled out studying law because i have no intent of staying in holland forever . 
  or am i just completely wrong on law being a location specific study ? 
  how about straight c 's though ? 
  is it even worth applying ? 
  also , my main concern would be that i would probably never be able to finance living in london anyway . 
  i think i have a rather poor understanding of the law degree , then . 
  i never really considered the wider range of options that you have with a background in law . 
  i went to an orientation day at an university in amsterdam once , and got the impression that it was a language intense study , where you 'd learn dutch on a very high level , and i think i 'd hate studying something that 's centered around the netherlands so much . 
  i 'm currently considering international business adminsitration , international relations , and psychology , and each of these studies is offered in english at certain universities in holland . 
  so that 's what i hope to do , at the moment , since it 's much more affordable and managable to get admitted here , like you said . 
  * sigh , * i 'm afraid somebody threw the shells away , and i lost track of which walnut it was , but i wish i would have tried that . 
  do you suppose all the walnuts from it 's tree would be 3-shelled if i planted it ? 
  unfortunately , i lost it , and it will now end up being used to make a cake of some sort . 
  also , as clueless as i was , i already cracked the shelf open , and i suppose i should have left it in the shell in order to be able to plant it . 
  this really made reconsider studying law , but since a dutch law degree probably wo n't get me anywhere abroad , i 'll try to find out if degrees like ` international and european law ' are any good . 
  would you happen to know whether a degree like that is as valuable as a regular law degree ? 
  oh , you think that 's enough ? 
  you popculture blasphemer !, 
  seriously though , why is it so hard for some people to grasp that other people have the ability to not share their fucking opinion . 
  yeah , it really is irrational , but i guess it 's because most people judge their favourites based on their own opinions instead of objectively . 
  i know i sure am guilty of that . 
  also , being able to recommend people stuff accurately is a great skill imo , especially since everybody nowadays just tends to say things like * ` dude , you should totally watch this show that has been running for 6 years and invest all your time in it . 
  ah , thanks , that pretty much cleared it up . 
  i 'm considering international relations and organisation , which is offered in english in groningen only . 
  as for economics , i have considered it before , but as far as i know , it 's really math-heavy , even more so than business administration . 
  since i 've never been any good in subjects like math and economics , so i was hoping to do my best to improve at those so that i could maybe study international business . 
  politics is also an option . 
  do you mean the study of politology or just politics in general ? 
  yeah i have economics and a subject called ` management and organisation ' as well . 
  but i have pretty low grades for both of them , and i 'm afraid that will be a problem if i were to study international business , and even more so if i choose economics . 
  i think groningen is pretty good in terms of reputation too . 
  if i exclude the technical universities , groningen probably comes after erasmus , leiden , and university of amsterdam . 
  i 'm going to the next ` orientation day ' at the university of groningen for international relations , international business , and psychology . 
  i hope to get a clear view of especially the first two and perhaps i can make a decision after that . 
   usually law/economics related degrees are better to find jobs than simply politics-related degrees , because they give you a deeper background . 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  for politology , for example , i was once given examples of jobs that you could consider adter getting a degree , and many of them were related to journalism instead of politics . 
   no matter what we do !, 
  these kids will not get autism !, 
  not with * that * attitude . 
  look around you , i think something just went over your head . 
  thanks for all your advice . 
  i do n't have a syllabus for these programmes , but there 's an overview of the courses you will follow for each programme , and i 'm pretty sure international relations would be a better choice for me . 
  international business has courses like statistics , financial accounting , and economics , whereas international relations has politics , law , and history . 
  i prefer theoretical subjects like those over the mathematical subjects that international business had . 
  also , part of the international relations programme is a language minor ( either english , french , german , or spanish ) . 
  i 've had bilingual eductation in high school and my highest grades are in french and english , so i should be fine here . 
  everything . 
  your outlook on life changes . 
  you 'll consider yourself an entirely different person , and perhaps you 'll even feel the need to climb a mountain and scream as far as your voice reaches in order to express your enthusiasm that comes with the sentiment of freedom that you 've never had before . 
  source : i 've been an adult for a good two full weeks now . 
   higher cost = higher quality . 
  not really . 
  beats headphones have a shitload of marketing costs making them so expensive but they are nowhere near worth their money in terms of quality . 
  i 'm surprised to see that burak is out . 
  do you think the staff has gotten tired of his shit ? 
  international relations is only offered at the university of groningen though , which is a pretty good university as far as i know . 
  i suppose leiden , amsterdam , and rotterdam are considered better , but i 'm willing to accept that if ir really appeals to me .
