  i do n't know why i got downvoted in the first place , but still . 
  and yekta too , adamin dibi . 
  why would people give you games unless they know you own the console ? 
  glad to see some eden appreciation . 
  any thread is an hazard appreciation thread for me . 
  stop talking to me , granddad . 
  [ a legitimate explanation to the process of making doors ] ( http://s.iosfans.com/?u=http://www.ifans.com/forums/imgcache3/3f02f0c23c875e3552d6965424e15320.png?orig_url=http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/internet-memes-it-would-seem-teacher-is-not-a-minecraft-fan.jpg ), 
  [ and then there 's this poor lad ... ] ( http://rs1img.memecdn.com/minecraft-joke-not-my-best_o_1056829.jpg ), 
  fernando torres and juan mata . 
  guessing ronaldo lima because of your flair ? 
  the only player who has worn the jerseys of rivalling clubs in more than one football league . 
  who are the four dutch players who have played in a world cup final as well as won the uefa champions league ( 1992-present ) ? 
  i 'm still thinking about the lasy one ... 
  edit : blanc, 
  you got it !, 
  a player with an ungrateful and aggressive son . 
  correct !, 
  dammit zlatan , why did you play for so many clubs , haha . 
  somebody already got the answer . 
  you 're probably right about cruyff but i limited the question the the current name of the tournament ( champions league ) to have leave fewer correct answers . 
  and because i 'm young and do n't know about the cruyff era . 
  del piero for juve ? 
  haha , whoops . 
  guys , let 's make a kickstarter campaign to get hazard !, 
  salah 's statistics in switzerland speak for itself . 
  what did messi ever achieve in the swiss league ? 
  ligue 1 , super bowl . 
  i bet they 'll even let us compete in tournaments for countries from now on . 
  add a lol or something next time . 
  lol . 
  felipe melo is a ** huge ** culthero at galatasaray . 
  he was loaned from juventus for two consecutive seasons and won the league title twice . 
  after that , we bought him an he remained to be one of the key players . 
  this is basically because turkish football is all about passion , and so is melo . 
  he is an aggressive player , but this aggression also drives him to allways perform as well as he can , which made him immensely popular with the fans . 
  the supporters once even marched to his home at night to chant . 
  ** we are soldiers of felipe melo . 
  win the cl with hazard-sneijder-bruma, 
  ( or arsenal ), 
  what is that guy on about ? 
  he repeatedly insists messi is frustrated because he ca n't make the fans happy , but bases this conclusion on absolutely nothing . 
  u wot m8, 
  i always see jail and prison used in the same context , so i 'm not sure i know the difference . 
  is prison only for heavily punished crimes / long sentences ? 
  can i too ? 
  thanks , til . 
  it 's just banter m8, 
  haha , awesome , 
  lmao , and this is the guy who acted up because i joked about buying hazard . 
  i have an app where you can basically save links to websites that you want to save , ans it 's pretty useful . 
  i think i 'll try using pinterest for that from now on . 
  there might be lurking besiktas supporters ... 
  not with that attitude . 
  your brother 's coworker understands . 
  seriously , how did that become a thing ? 
  this seems like an accurate description . 
  i just started using it and it 's wonderful so far . 
  i 'm currently in the process of creating up a plot and setting for a story ( have n't actually written anything yet ) , and i 've mostly been using music that i can associate with the tone i want to convey . 
  but now that you mention it , pinterest might be perfect for these kind of things . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , which boards do you follow/browse ? 
  ah , makes sense . 
  i 'm doing random searches too , basically . 
  imo , semih should really consider a move to a big club where he can get playtime . 
  man u comes to mind , but the idea of louis van gaal getting to boss him around ... eh . 
  i 'm hoping japanese and/or turkish will be added someday . 
  senpai noticed him, 
  i accidentaly downvoted because i misread your comment as ` kanye is shit ' , haha . 
  whoa , i had no idea because i use the mobile app where you only see the ones that are ready/beta . 
  i ca n't wait until it 's ready . 
  sure , will do . 
  manchester united wanted him and muslera though when we played them in cl . 
  then again , that was two years ago . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  man u was impressed because he played well for his age and showed potential , but selling him now will be difficult as he 's not making progress . 
  none i now off . 
  i 've been sailing the pirate bay for quite a while now . 
  rack rack city bitch . 
  why is that funny ? 
  i live in holland and can confirm they do some legit study stuff here . 
  or centreback alongside zouma . 
  courtois will do the defending . 
  what about female dbz haters ? 
  me neither the fuck is ouija supposed to mean ? 
  things were never the same the moment \u00d6zil got that tattoo . 
  haraam \u00d6zil . 
  probably , i do n't speak portugese so i could n't tell . 
  well real madrid are leading la liga and are heavy competors in the champions league . 
  cristiano will have plenty of chances to improve his chances of winning the fallon d'floor . 
  bales ai n't a country i 've ever heard of . 
  to be fair , it was not easy to hear what he said . 
  and there 's no reason to assume he 's * from * madrid . 
  did you replace the sign with one that says it does n't work ? 
  that 's it i 'm using google music now . 
  great job , google pr employee . 
  does n't it tell you what it is when you hover over it with your mouse ? 
  til, 
  aydin yilmaz is not past his prime either , you got ta be more specific :p, 
  yeah , i 'm hoping amrabat will be good enough to be a regular next season . 
  i expect that he 'll work together with sneijder better than the rest of the squad does . 
  so maybe this is a realistic lineup :,
