  man this sucks , this should have been a draw at least . 
  it 's not necessarily rude , but it could be considered odd since people drink tea all the time in turkey . 
  there 's a substantial difference between voting for bernie and voting for a corporate puppet . 
  wealth inequality is irrational in america , nobody can come and fix it a heartbeat . 
  but what matters is that sanders ' ideology actually recognizes how big of an issue it is and * wants * to improve the situation . 
  this is a relief , but i 'm afraid we might be vulnerable without melo or hamit . 
  keep 'em coming burak !, 
  and we need bald people like sneijder and burak . 
  do n't jynx it ... 
  damn !, 
  so you are greek and an akp supporter ? 
  i 'm not sure , maybe i remembered your troll posts without remembering that they were troll posts . 
  xel\u00c7uk inanesta finally !!, 
  i really hope the next four matches will be easier , but this match was n't reassuring in the slightest . 
  who knows , maybe the rivals miss out on a few points . 
  because galatasaray fans are mostly diehards instead of casuals , haha . 
  thanks for response , bir tutam baharat looks promising . 
  i love movies with historic settings , so i think i should watch that one sometime . 
  vwo m&o anyone ? 
  over m&o :, 
  here 's a bus service from istanbul to selanik ( thessaloniki ) and vice versa , i hope this helps . 
  enjoy your stay in istanbul and greece . 
  thebench mentioned the company already so it does n't really matter anymore . 
  [ here you go ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/35y5zt/fenerbahce_president_aziz_yildirim_delivers/ ), 
  haha i love this show , never thought it would be applicable to galatasaray someday . 
  i hope the poor bloke gets to catch a break during the besiktas match at least . 
  good choice !, 
  you wo n't be disappointed . 
  i 've never seen breaking bad unfortunately , but he really is a great actor . 
  i know it 's supposed to be one of the greatest shows in recent times , but i just ca n't get myself to dedicate countless hours into watching shows . 
  same goes for game of thrones and the sopranos , despite the fact that i 'm a sucker for the mafia/crime genre . 
  50 years from now we 'll all remember him by all the 30 yard screamers he never scored . 
  phew , we 're good now . 
  i 've seen goodfellas but not donnie brasco . 
  i 'll try to watch it soon, 
  my favorite of all time is the godfather though . 
  i do n't think i have ever not enjoyed watching the godfather movies . 
  yup , i think scarface is great too and especially because of al pacino like you mentioned . 
  i have a whole list of movies i still want to watch , purely because of al pacino and robert de niro . 
  nice , thanks !, 
  spot the full kit wanker, 
  jokes aside , that 's awesome and we have drogba and sneijder to thank for it . 
  i 've seen some dutch people wear it too . 
  i hope we 'll have a solid championsleague campaign next year , to keep galatasaray fresh in everyone 's minds . 
  that 's why it would be so rad if ibrahimovic were to play for us , as slim as that chance might be . 
  maybe the media creates some sort of hyperbole about our financial status , but i do n't see it happening without a huge sponsor or something . 
  it 's a nice town is n't it . 
  what brought you to groningen ? 
  analyse ^ sorry, 
  cool , yeah normally it would have been full of students . 
  make sure to bring a really expensive one , they 'll trust you more when you promise not to throw it . 
  knowing hamza , he will probably start with umut . 
  on the bright side , bjk is missing g\u00f6khan t\u00f6re , which is the most threathening player on their side imo . 
  the lack of umut pleases me . 
  the lack of trolling , on the other hand , is something i could get used to . 
  close !, 
  the dutch song that starts playing after galatasaray scores makes me irrationally euphoric, 
  trafalgar law , is that you ? 
  i knew it was n't just a bunch random letters !, 
  practise their aim for the next fenerbah\u00e7e game of course . 
  i 'm fairly sure they are just poking fun at us at this point . 
  you forgot this : \\, 
  was that arda turan in the stadium ? 
  awesome !, 
  finished most of my exams . 
  fourth star is on its way . 
  this week was a good week . 
  plus , this is his first time at a big club , so he can ony get better by gaining experience . 
  absolutely !, 
  we would have been champions by a landslide if hamza had been here from the beginning . 
  no team comes even close to galatasaray of course , but yeah i like hazard and the chelsea squad in general , so i 'm pretty happy with how this season turned out . 
  and for bar\u00e7a there 's a champions league cup for the taking as well . 
  they are from rotterdam and say a few dutch lines in the song as well . 
  i 'd like to think that makes the netherlands a relevant country . 
  what uni are you going to ? 
  i only have a french exam to go , and want to study law next year . 
  hopefully yeah , i think ba\u015fak\u015fehir might finish the job tomorrow already . 
  bar\u00e7a is so good , but i guess that was bound to happen with messi , neymar * and * suarez , haha . 
  that goal still infuriates me . 
  suarez is one odd dude . 
  his drive to win also drives him to do crazy shit sometimes , but as a player he 's beyond amazing . 
  edit : just checked , ba\u015fak plays at home . 
  they do n't even have to beat them , a draw is enough for us . 
  cool , i am probably going the university of amsterdam . 
  poor jeffrey sneijder , the brother who nobody recognizes . 
  do n't be , did n't you study in the uk ? 
  rodney sneijder is mentioned in the op , while jeffrey is n't despite standing right next to him . 
  i mean he 's * technically * still sneijder . 
  haha , poor guy . 
  i suppose he got to meet his idol david beckham at least , lol . 
  nice , i think i 'd prefer the us but i 'm fine with amsterdam as well of course . 
  there are many english-taught degrees here nowadays , but i suppose that has n't always been the case . 
  what sertori said . 
  the guy was just joking around and casually paid homage to galatasaray while he was actually supposed to advertise the university of california in santa barbara . 
  retard alert . 
  the original subject was ` the turkish ' not turkey . 
  now what does that tell you ? 
  grab your pitchforks everyone , it 's that kind of day again . 
  15 minutes to go ... keep crying fener . 
  both fatih terim and mehmet batdal have a history at galatasaray .
