pff , only eight ? 
  haha , same , those were my favorites . 
  this guy is simply too big of a hero . 
  in two years , i think we could even get him a turkish passport , because this is 4th season with us . 
  i 'd love to see him become an absolute legend here , and it 's very possible since goalkeepers tend to keep up their prime much longer . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  meh , makes no sense to me . 
  of course she 'd get sweaty , you 're a fire pokemon !, 
  can confirm . 
  source : i speak french as a fourth language , terribly . 
  totally unrelated , but how do you get that line over your text or link to an url without copy/pasting it , for that matter . 
  sorry , i 'm new to this kind of wizardy . 
  haha , well played . 
  methane . 
  not even once . 
  thanks !, 
  didier drogba and cristiano ronaldo are players that i know of and seem to be charitable people . 
  drogz has his own * didier drogba foundation * which is a charity organization in africa . 
  he also earned 1.5 million ( not sure whether it was $ or # ) for appearing in a sports advertisement and used it to build a hospital in ivory coast , for example . 
  cristiano once received a letter from the family of a baby who needed expensive medical treatment . 
  the family asked for a worn pair of boots , which they could sell to earn some money . 
  cristiano then paid the family the $ 60000 they needed for the kid 's treatment . 
  he also helped a 9 year old boy with cancer in a similar way , and he also sold a his golden boot prize and donated the money to people in gaza . 
  i do n't see why any reasonable person would have a problem with that . 
  except , like somebody here said , if she ca n't return home , that would cause quite a bit of controversy . 
  [ somewhat relevant . 
  ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/proxy/hnprsfjyriohyp9nv2mdmrq9fkb-yyhfyc_c7vvpgcdi3zk1vp3ofmr9tyekhltlybyeatlujd8ht8opqtrn52ap5-asgzyuhb8od08iiroegnuch-cpkq=w406-h594-nc ), 
  it 's basically the sewers of the internet . 
  i 'm not sure , to be honest . 
  it 's just what i read from news websites . 
  ronaldo never commented on it himself . 
  there are pictures of him with palestinian flags and such , but i do n't know about the context . 
  what 's wrong there ? 
  sorry , non-american here . 
  until they are tired of waiting and start a free for all deathmatch in order to determine who gets to enter the bus . 
  i started watching this match just after seeing drogba score an awesome header against manchester united . 
  boy , did this fuck up my mood . 
  fuck , i wish drogba could just keep playing forever . 
  yeah , i do miss him at gala , although our team is so currently so shit that nobody could save us atm . 
  haha , more like mr satan when it comes to strength . 
  fuck everything seriously . 
  oh , i thought there was something besides that typo , thanks . 
  i hope they do , but considering the fact that besiktas seems to be fine with the rule and are doing well both domestically and in europe , the fa might use that to justify their rules . 
   italian coach gets sacked before he gets to work for a year, 
  meh , unoriginal story , would not watch . 
  edit : aaand it 's 4-0, 
  but the national team has been shit for at least 8 years straight now . 
  i 'd be surprised if the tff finally fucked , to be honest . 
  i guess it ca n't go on like this forever , so it has to happen at some point . 
  by the way , is your username a biggie smalls reference ? 
  assuming that papa instead of pahpa was already taken . 
  haha , knew it , i love his music too . 
  edenhazard10 was also taken , so i know that feel . 
   dead sea, 
  i read that as * de gea * and was confused as fuck for a good minute . 
  not sure why you get downvoted but it seems as if he is just trolling and try to get downvotes on purpose . 
  should we ... upvote him ? 
   old jewish texts tend to be especially painful to read, 
  why is that ? 
  because they are written in small letters ? 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  in the end , he is just trying to annoy as many people as possible , i guess . 
  i just noticed somebody posted links to what it looks like . 
  i hope there also enlarged versions , because it does kinda seems difficult to read for a long period of time . 
  nah , yamcha would wolf fang fist his ass . 
  tl ; dr three indian guys go to college . 
  could n't read that . 
  thank god for illiteracy . 
  not sure why you got downvoted , i though the exact same thing . 
  right , popular could just refer to the book here . 
  i think he was inspired by jf kennedy . 
  lol , seriously though what is stopping us from learning to play football ? 
  i just ca n't even fathom why we are so bad at developping players . 
  this is absolutely true . 
  turkish teams do n't win with superior tactics . 
  ever . 
  the only time i saw the turkish national squad do well , for example , was in 2008 and purely because of passion . 
  granted , i 'm young and have n't witnessed galatasaray 's hagi era or the turkish 2002 campaign , but those were n't any different either as far as i know . 
  catholic or not , he could just still be a kid and change when he grows up ? 
  dude , ca n't you see that jains are actually nazi 's !? 
  you were literally two words into your definition and you already fucked up . 
  atheism = / = belief . 
  it does n't require any form of belief . 
  i was thinking that too . 
  i get that she 's trying to demonstrate how annoying it gets , but i 'd love to see what would happen if she 'd casually responded every now and then . 
  * ouch , * i wrongly assumed he might be a bit younger . 
  til it 's not messi who should be crowned the new maradona , but perhaps ... luis suarez ? 
  does anyone who speaks spanish know what 's going on ? 
  as in ; what are they saying ? 
  what is maradona so mad about ? 
  they look amazing . 
  would love to see a wallpaper of drogba in this style too . 
  i see , but she could arrange for people to watch over her from a distance ( since she 's already recording ) . 
  ah well , then i guess we really had a golden generation at some point . 
  because greenland is danish territory . 
  haha sorry , i guess what you said actually sounded like a decent tactic to me , so i automatically credited the players for being able to carry out a tactic . 
  ( lazy student with an assignment due tomorrow coming through ), 
  if you happen to see this , could you please answer this if you happen to know it ? 
  what parts of ukraine does russia want ? 
  as far as i know it 's the crimean peninsula and donetsk and lugansk oblast ?
