  i can only imagine what kind of cringefest those rides must have been . 
  holy shit , i forgot about winter time altogether . 
  fuck yeah , one unexpected extra hour of ~ ~ sleep ~ ~ studying . 
  i 'm counting on sneijder , poldi , and yasin to make a difference today . 
  umut 's face is starting to give me nightmares . 
  same here , where are you watching from ? 
  thanks !, 
  cheers , this is the best stream so far . 
  jinxed it . 
  it 's a fucking disgrace . 
  the kind we have been accustomed to associate with that hideous combination of blue and yellow . 
  not having a striker to pass to does n't help either . 
  heh , you too !, 
  he probably called it a day and started drinking in nevizade street . 
  here you go : http://0dt.net/video/107022.html, 
  ca n't start a match without birlo and umut mate . 
  to be fair , european commentators do n't know how to pronounce turkish names either . 
  nice work from both of them . 
  i love burak 's walk towards the ball , haha . 
  is jose rodriguez injured or something ? 
  ah , too bad . 
  for real though , it sucks that we have that ridiculously high threshold . 
  i do n't know whether the results will differ substantially from last time , but we will probably end up with the same scenario . 
  akp will receive 40-ish percent of the votes and therefore wo n't be able to rule alone . 
  chp , mhp , and hdp will receive over 50 % combined , but wo n't form a coalition . 
  holy shit , this could have been something straight out of 1984 . 
  any idea who it belongs to ? 
  a turkish truck driver ? 
  that 's awesome man , enjoy your time there !, 
  most of them look somewhat unamused though . 
  or maybe it 's just me . 
  i mean , airports are a relatively new phenomenon , but i suppose there 's some truth to that . 
  honestly , i do n't see him starting with umut all of a sudden now that burak is back . 
  10/10 so far . 
  thanks !, 
  he is playing total football . 
  i really like the away and third jersey from last season . 
  other than that , i like pretty much all variants of the classic ` par\u00e7al\u0131 ' design . 
  no one knows what it means , but it 's provocative . 
  it 's jose mourinho . 
  i 'm from the future . 
  merci !, 
  or ancelotti . 
  maar sean connery is blank ? 
   that makes the truck a fun easter egg in this immigrant city, 
  that 's a funny way of wording it . 
  i spotted a random galatasaray flag in my new hometown as well , kinda felt like discovering an easter egg in gta . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  we 're lucky to not have conceded more , considering how badly we 're getting dominated . 
  was worse than *, 
  we were absolutely shit . 
  i just hope we 'll perform better with sel\u00e7uk back in there and make the most of el . 
  was sagst du da ? 
  for fuck 's sake ... 
  i wish we were managed by people who at least * tried * to get us back on track again . 
  based tyrone of course !, 
  relationship goals right here . 
  we appreciate it nevertheless !, 
  still do n't know what to expect of this formation . 
  just hearing drogba 's name makes me cringe about how far we have fallen . 
  selcuk our saviour !, 
  exactly , we used to face great teams and actually hoped we 'd win , nowadays we draw against astana . 
  is it really ? 
  i ca n't tell because i never studied turkish grammar . 
  i had latin in secondary school as well , but do n't remember anything other than a few loose words here and there . 
  the godfather - mario puzio ( i do n't read a lot and absolutely love the movie adaption ), 
  see above, 
  splinter cell / hitman / far cry / tes / ~ ~ do n't make me choose ~ ~, 
  checkers i guess . 
  house of cards, 
  a dutch culinary abomination called [ kapsalon ] ( http://romanstrijbos.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/kapsalon-a-day-zonder-wit-01-960x678.png ), 
  galatasaray and bari\u015f man\u00e7o , or rock music in general for that matter . 
   this book single-handedly ruined my life . 
  best review ever . 
  10/10 , would ruin my life again . 
  getting mevlut erdin\u00e7 would make no sense now that the limit on foreigners has been lifted . 
   and if so what do you even say to the shop-owner when he asks what you need it for . 
  you tell them you 're organizing a model united nations conference of course . 
  que *, 
  do n't mind me , i just hit spanish level 6 on duolingo and had to fix it . 
  damn , well i guess i got ta step my game up then . 
  turns out your qu\u00e9 was right all along , my bad :p, 
  kebab is live , but food from antep is too damn hot for me . 
  that reference went over my head , is it a sharia thing or an anime thing ? 
  leave me alone !, 
  oh god , spicy food in liquid shape so you can burn your whole throat . 
  i hope that bura lad makes a difference tonight, 
  we would be worse than chelsea . 
  thank you based sneijder !!, 
  i hate this guy, 
  umut could n't keep a ball if they 'd let him use a bag and a riot shield . 
  i had ronaldo at some point . 
  dae think he would be the perfect solution to our problems ? 
  time to start an internet campaign again ? 
  lmao , you want to get rid of yasin so badly that you mentioned him twice . 
  it sucks to be broke though , as we can hardly afford to buy any proper replacement . 
  the fact that we are actually discussing this speaks paragraphs about his value on the pitch . 
  i love the idea !, 
  anything to promote science in turkey , but i do n't see our current regime introducing such distinctions , not with that name at least . 
  i 'm not particularly knowledgeable in turkish folk music , but if it helps , i think this is something from the black sea region .
