  i swear i fucking hate the media about turkey . 
   warning : using other accounts to circumvent a subreddit ban is considered a violation of reddit 's site rules and can result in being banned from reddit entirely . 
  is that a thing ? 
  nee , is op zich niets mis mee , maar je mening uiten is al second nature in nederland . 
  so he never gets to browse reddit again . 
  the horror . 
  mooods , markeer dit als republikeinse propaganda please . 
  wie was de laatste republikeinse machthebber in nederland ? 
  if i recall properly , the mods decided to remove it temporarily and put it back up after galatasaray updates the player profiles on their site . 
  harry who ? 
  looks pretty decent , i hope we 'll win . 
  score ffs . 
  i want to be able to stop refreshing this thread anxiously . 
  did you just become this sub 's messenger from the future ? 
  your wish has been granted . 
  we 're gon na have a problem here . 
   he will stay 3 years and he is supposedly a winner and doesnt quit before he reaches what he wants, 
  did he specify what it is that he wants ? 
  upvoted for showcasing outstanding dialogue . 
  how are our chances of not getting rekt ? 
  can confirm , am panicking . 
  seems like a perfect set up to make campaign promises . 
  if you guys can get me elected in 2016 , i promise an ama with arda turan and wesley sneijder , and free reddit gold for everyone !, 
  everything something happens ya . 
  i agree that games like these can go either way , but it 's still hard not to worry given our teams current state . 
  ` but ... but what about that one time we beat you guys 6-0 !!, 
  there ? 
  / r/galatasaray : where hopelessness is a good thing . 
  r.i.p those innocent leeds lads . 
  never forget . 
  umut is literally vaas montenegro . 
  yeah , it would have been an awesome transfer but man city did n't let go of him that easily . 
  denayer is perhaps the only positive remark in this game . 
  atletico is a tough opponent , but i 'm hoping our defense will be more solid in the league if he plays from now on . 
  this sounds like the league 's best defense on paper , but it almost seems as if we have a chronic defensive problem . 
  true , it 's not a coincidence that it was griezmann who scored ... twice . 
   if yes cross into the box and * hope . 
  chelsea fan ? 
  same here, 
  i have no idea whatsoever how this works , but my name is get rekt fc . 
  somewhere in the world , there 's a parent who can be very proud of his toddler for learning how to use microsoft paint . 
  if you had taken some algebra classes , you 'd know that galatasaray  fenerbah\u00e7e . 
  edit : regarding your question :, 
  not a huge fan of this kind of music , but they fit right in . 
  wat is een hobbies ? 
  oh , chill . 
  excellent line up . 
  i almost could n't believe that this is really it . 
  i had gotten used to reading the line up step by step because seeing umut at the first glance used to piss me off . 
  got the police busting at me , but they ca n't do nothing to g. 
  hell yeah , that 's a sick track too . 
  although many of his songs are 10/10 's to me . 
  nice work from denayer there . 
  lads , it 's denayer !, 
  absolutely man , they are my favorite rappers by far . 
  it 's such a shame that they both died over some arbitrary bullshit . 
  ref is a cunt as usual . 
  eminem and jay z for me . 
  it 's a good thing i never get bored of blasting 2pac and biggie though . 
  i really love ` can i live ' for some reason . 
  gets my hyped everytime . 
  ah , new york , i suppose most days are good days there , no ? 
  sinan is getting ready . 
  hype !, 
  oh yeah , i guess you 're right . 
  that 's the downside of pretty much all great cities . 
  someday i hope to live somewhere that has nothing going on , but is close enough to an enjoyable major city . 
  where are you planning to go to ? 
  neither can he . 
  goool !!, 
  awesome , california seems to be an awesome place . 
  maybe san fransisco and la are affordable in comparison to new york , haha . 
  i live in a small irrelevant town in the netherlands , but i hope to move to the hague soon since i recently started university near there . 
  very relieved about the result , but we are in for a treat if umut starts next week . 
  long live the surrounding towns in the la county and bay area then , if they are any different . 
  sucks to be from trabzon then . 
  sometimes i wonder what everyone in san fransisco does for a living in order to be able to rent there , lol . 
  to be honest , i do n't know the hague very well either . 
  it just happens to be really close to my leiden , my university town , so i ideally i 'd hope to live either there in the hague . 
  other than that , it 's holland 's third largest city , so it ought to be a vibrant and fun place . 
  holland in general is pretty awesome though . 
  it ranks amongst the best countries in terms of standard of living , quality of life , infrastructure , and so on . 
  i really want hamza to try that out . 
  it goes without saying that it 's a better option than playing umut bulutimovic . 
  ah , of course , some well paying companies to go with the high cost of living . 
  nope , never been there , everything i know about america is derrived from media . 
  dutch music , movies , television , et cetera is either non-existent or tends to suck , so there 's a massive consumption of american popular culture here . 
  among countries where english has no official status , holland probably has the highest percentage of english speakers , all thanks to our collective obsession with the us lol . 
  this is probably our best possible xi . 
  i really hope we destroy astana though , we ca n't afford to fuck around like last year . 
  fuck it , i wo n't watch the game if that happens . 
  '' * ( art . 
  the same thing i do every day , browsing reddit . 
  let 's thank umut for all the screamers sneijder scored for the dutch nt as well . 
  if it 's the only alternative to having umut up front , yes . 
  he scores whenever he wants !, 
   how did umut miss that, 
  never underestimate umut 's ability to miss . 
  oh fuck , do n't try to sit back now . 
  holy shit denayer,
