  a victory at fenerbah\u00e7e away would be soo sweet . 
  their fans would finally quit their shit about them being unbeaten against us at home , and hamza would immeadetly become a club legend . 
  yup , reference intended . 
  they 'd still find a way mate . 
  if we beat them and end up 6 points ahead of fener , they 'd say ` niye 6 ??? ' . 
  i missed the goal lads , was it a corner or free kick or something ? 
  i hope he holds up against fenerbah\u00e7e , and , more importantly , that burak will be in top condition again . 
  i hope they make it to the finals , get their hopes up , and lose miserably . 
  besiktas is subtly overlooking galatasaray 's achievement that no other turkish club ever came close to ... fuck outta here fiko . 
  if fenerbah\u00e7e 's performance against us will be remotely similar to their last matches , we should be able to devour them . 
  nevertheless , their 15 years of being unbeaten against us at home is holy to them , so i expect them to clinge to their streak and try to draw by playing defensively . 
  edit : as for be\u015fikta\u015f , i think we 're good . 
  if we were to draw against fener , they 'd still need to win twice to get ahead of us . 
  plus , be\u015fikta\u015f is aiming to win the europa league , so they are bound to get sloppy in their league games . 
  the last 3 trainers who won points against fener are : aykut kocaman , roberto carlos , and ersun yanal , lol . 
  that , and we have the uefa super cup as well . 
  i do n't expect bjk to beat bar\u00e7a , chelsea , or whoever wins the cl this year . 
  if liverpool beats city , liverpool  city . 
  aguero scored a hattrick against bayern , so aguero  bayern, 
  but ... bjk beat lfc , so demba ba  aguero  bayern, 
  that would be amazing !, 
  if we win next week and continue to win the league , this will be an unforgetable season . 
  definetly . 
  iirc , kak\u00e1 was his first choice , then there was tadic and another player . 
  sneijder was his 4th choice or something . 
  that might be it then . 
  maybe i might have confused tadic with matic , too . 
  i 'm surprised to see sneijder playing , as the most crucial players often get spared in cup games before the derby . 
  maybe he 'll be taken off early . 
  tbh , i think it 's just manisa being outclassed by us . 
  not that i watch it , but what 's so funny about that name ? 
  pandev again !, 
  maybe it means people just do n't go there in the first place . 
   quotering, 
  i agree with your line-up , with a slight chance of semih or xhemaili replacing koray or hamit , respectively . 
  i think koray has been doing well enough to earn some trust , and taking him out of the xi now might affect his confidence . 
  that beard is majestic . 
  [ come again fam ? 
  ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/1363349435_biggie-king-20120312-024346.jpg ), 
  how he is such a renowned referree at uefa tournaments is beyond me . 
  he appears to very calm and confident at all times though , so i 'm guessing that gives him a good reputation . 
  not really , it 's ` j' apprends ' . 
  are there statistics like these on fan base instead of mentions ? 
  i know for a fact that arsenal played against all of turkey 's top 3 teams in the last year or so , and they are otherwise not popular whatsoever . 
  no , dude , just no . 
  should have taken out umut ffs . 
  90 minutes if you consider the fact that he could have started instead of umut . 
  i insist , umut should not have been anywhere near the pitch today . 
  when was the last time he played decently , let alone well . 
   the football team, 
  which is by far the most vital part of our club . 
  no problem here . 
  yes we can . 
  they must see the evil of their ways and repent from their wrongdoings . 
  holy shit , haha . 
  same , i am literally at a maximum level of hype right now . 
  i 'm in . 
  deduct my plain ticket from the 5000 bucks please . 
  holland turk here , thanks for your positive review of us . 
  it 's a bit of fresh air from the ` european turks are uncultered peasants from conservative anatolia ' stereotype . 
  oh , yeah , there are many turks , especially elderly , who never learned to speak dutch properly . 
  perhaps because their initial intention was just to work , save money , and return to turkey . 
  it 's post-bachelor education , so a master degree or perhaps a phd . 
  i 'm not american either , so i would n't know why it 's bad . 
  there are dozens of them !, 
  that would have been an amazing goal by yasin if he scored that . 
  oh come on ffs, 
  yasin should be the last player you want to take out . 
  wtf is going on ? 
  if he does n't make us champions he should be fired imo , what the fuck is he thinking . 
  i think your jumping to conclusions . 
  furthermore , be\u015fikta\u015f and fenerbah\u00e7e are playing each other next week , which makes the situation all the more manageable for galatasaray !, 
  i guess the premise of winning against galatasaray motivates him more than winning for fenerbah\u00e7e . 
  yeah i think that would be the most benificial outcome for us . 
  if fener wins , we can still get on top of the table , but it 's better if they both miss out on 2 precious points . 
  i am not particularly knowledgable about turkic history , but i am definetly interested and would like to help out as much as i can . 
  this is such a class act by didier , i hope his visit will turn out to be a motivaton boost like the video mentioned !, 
  i bet we even can into space . 
  torres time !, 
  i know right , nobody spits quite like the drogfather . 
  nice original content , 
  out of curiousity , since you were appearantly an ib student , do you recall what score out of seven you got for this assignment ? 
  i also took some ib classes , but the grades were converted into a scale of 10 , so i 've always wondered how strict the grading was . 
  well the grading was originally based on a scale of 7 , but they changed it to match the national scale of grading . 
  i live in the netherlands , and it was not a full ib programme but we more or less took ib classes in english instead of the regular curriculum . 
  yup , that was it , a certificate in english . 
  that would be nice but what about the starter cup where you can score 12per match, 
  not necessarily wrong , but it 's a very simplistic comedy : a rude barbarian who behaves inappropiately in every scenario the writers can think off . 
  i 'm dutch too and i agree with the guy who mentioned kabadayi . 
  it 's a solid crime/drama movie with little to no jokes or puns , so everything should make sense to a person watching with subtitles . 
  jup , dat is hem . 
  i tried reading some names , but i only got africa , madagascar , 'm \u0131s\u0131r ' , and ` new holland ' . 
  i totally forgot australia was called new holland once . 
  op , are you familiar with duolingo ? 
  it 's a free language learning site ( and app ) , and they have a turkish course which is expected to release on monday . 
  i 'd recommend to give it a try . 
  that being said , immersion is probably more important than anything . 
  i 'd recommend watching turkish movies or shows , despite the fact that they speak a tad different from most turks , especially us nederturken . 
  furthermore , you can practise speaking to turkish friends or turkish shopkeepers , even if you do n't feel like you know a great deal of turkish yet . 
  ffs !!,
