  i forgot what the colon was for . 
  something like this would be ideal . 
  fuck them , they introduced this system in order to place the champions of the 8 best ( lol ) leagues in europe in pot 1 . 
  well guess what , any of the teams in the first two pots would devour psv . 
  yeah , there 's no way around it . 
  if they stick to this system , that means pot 2 will always contain either bar\u00e7a or real alongside the likes of atletico and some english clubs , which is just insane . 
  group b please !, 
  that 's one less group to worry about ... 
  c it is . 
  because h would be easy , and we do n't get to take it easy . 
  playing the 3rd and 4th matches against astana would have been ideal . 
  still , we should be able to reach the round of 16 if we get some proper reinforcements . 
  i expect a handful of useful players to sign soon . 
  wesley knows how to get shit done . 
  i mean , we are all convinced that we could use a new rightback , but can we ever * really * be sure ? 
  i do n't see the point really . 
  manchester city get to see their player develop elsewhere , while koray becomes obsolete at our club . 
  or is this guy so good that he can make a difference in the ucl the moment he walks through the door ? 
  1/8 crimean tatar here , does that count ? 
  i suppose the confidence in sabri is n't entirely misplaced . 
  he held his ground against kasimpasa 's chahechoue splendidly after all . 
  i guess that makes you half crimean . 
  why are you racist , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i 'm just joking , i know it 's only a rumour . 
  starting dutch law student here . 
  i ca n't really compare the two countries as i 'm not familiar with the situation in canada , but i 'm willing to trade passports with you in 10-15 years , how does that sound ? 
  exactly . 
  russia has even shut down crimean tatar media outlets in order weaken the opposition to the government . 
  i wrote an article about it , i 'm curious to know what you think : http://thesocialhumanist.com/2015/04/15/russia-crimean-tatars/, 
  thanks , that 's nice to hear !, 
  this would be great !, 
  the sweet perks of having a coca-cola ceo involved at the club . 
  yeah , well fuck the law . 
  ` it 's not too late at all , i have three more hours to study . ', 
  - lazy students everywhere, 
  i think it 's a decent comparison . 
  why start at all ? 
  studying is for nerds anyway . 
  * usb, 
  i wonder how long it will take for them to realize that they are too honourable to compete in the europa league in the first place . 
   man city 's cl dream, 
  haha , that 's cold man . 
  we know , dumbass . 
  it 's not as bad as you think , actually . 
  umut looks like a great striker when you [ squint your eyes . 
  ] ( http://pbs.twimg.com/media/chfddnhwgaasool.jpg ), 
  i 'm not taking out stress on anyone . 
  just messing with him , i know him in real life . 
  more like messi than who ? 
  i know haha , he probably downvoted me . 
  we might as well start a kickstarter campaign to pay his contract off . 
  it 's shit , but sharing in case we do n't have anything better :, 
  fuck yes , burak !, 
  holy shit . 
  i know , i was just surprised to hear this . 
  got ta think about the denge amirite ? 
  selcuk 's trying to connect with his inner zidane . 
  he 's just a misunderstood winger . 
  there are countless people who idolise zidane who are n't nearly as good as selcuk . 
  i take back everything i said about getting denayer . 
  i remember him tapping the ball over his shoulder and an opponent at some point . 
  that was a pretty zidanesque moment . 
  fuuuuck, 
  i do n't even ... what ? 
  meanwhile in dubai , an arab who does n't give a fuck . 
  what happened to sneijder ? 
  we have jose . 
  why has atacast forsaken us ? 
  he plays like i do in fifa . 
  what 's hope cloud ? 
  ps3 , although i do n't play that often anymore . 
  what about you ? 
  haha , stop sprinting unnecessarily then ? 
  damn , this entire league should just start begging for mercy . 
  ah , too bad . 
  it looked like he tripped over or somethig at that point and my stream was fucking up . 
  as if i would dare criticizing the legend himself . 
  firat is a cunt , sneijder is sneijdersome , and we are going to be champions . 
  have an upvote , everybody . 
  hamza said something along the lines of ` we should think twice before signing new players . 
  they could disturb the balance of the team . ', 
  here you go , you 've earned it . 
  sneijder makes it look ridiculously easy . 
  that 's the sort of thing we 'd put on / r/galatasaraycirclejerk, 
  haha , flawless logic . 
  this is the best thing ever . 
  ideally , i 'd hope we sign a striker and a rb , but i do n't expect a lot at this point . 
  because he spelled it grosskreutz instead of gro\u00dfkreutz . 
  are they including some free vip tickets to that friendly at least ? 
  woah , i would never imagine that inter would spend so much money recklessly . 
  well that 's rude . 
  you are the funniest person i 've seen here lately !, 
  til ontivero is still alive . 
  thanks for reminding me i never played portal . 
  i 'm not sure, 
  i will play it at some point , but there are just so many extremely praised games that i do n't know where to start . 
  i agree , fuck law school . 
  all the law does is restrict muh freedom . 
  is alex telles official ? 
  it 's literally the dumbest move ever .
