  yeah , but they could always buy another star player if iniesta leaves in two years . 
  the life of pato, 
   what song ( s ) do you show friends/family who are interested in kanye ? 
   his whole discography, 
  scary, 
   lions part, 
  well played, 
  i heard that was his position in the youth teams as well . 
  if he keeps playing better at rb , i 'm all for keeping him there and linnes at rm maybe . 
   * yozgat , city where dreams come true *, 
  well it is , if you dream about utter boredom . 
  i do n't mean to sound edgy , but they are deluded if they think they can get away with that so easily . 
  we used to praise him endlessly last season , ' \u00e7al\u0131mlar\u0131yla \u015fampiyonlu\u011fa giden yolu a\u00e7t\u0131 ' and what not , and this is what it does to his ego apparently . 
  beautiful goal . 
  i hope next year he seals the deal for chelsea again . 
  hdp thinks this law will pave the way for prosecution of their members who are supportive towards kurdish militants . 
  who needs cristiano or aguero when you can watch sinan, 
  he has been listening stronger by kanye west on repeat . 
  he 's probably just self-conscious about his accent . 
  my turkish is more or less like that as well . 
  the turkish diaspora in germany often seems to have thick accents , which is weird because i do n't really notice a change in accent in the netherlands . 
  yeah that was pretty appalling from bursaspor , but i 'd still hope for a victory here either way . 
  although i prefer bjk to win the league instead of fb , it would suck if we do n't qualify for european football and miss out for two consecutive years . 
  looks great , gra\u00e7ias !, 
  you can not be this much of a cunt ffs ... 
  i love riekerink so far . 
  edit : riekerink y u do dis, 
  he 's utter shit man , i wish we would have kept melo . 
  they better not drop points against konya or anything after snatching the victory today . 
   because your board are incompetent fools . 
  i 'm a galatasaray fan , but it looks really cool with that number plate . 
  enjoy man !, 
  why three years though ? 
  how 's the weather down there , when you bury yourself this deep in tayyip 's ass ? 
  yeah , our hatred is perfectly rational ! ^ ^ / s, 
  congratulations besiktas , wish you all the best in champions league as well . 
  how is it possible that you did n't learn anything at kcl ? 
  it 's supposed to be an excellent school . 
  i really want to spend a semester in the uk or the us ( kcl or columbia hopefully ) but that would be an exchange programme within an undergrad degree . 
  it does n't seem like too much of a problem to be honest . 
  the opportunity to learn is there , but it 's up to students to decide what they do with it . 
  so you speak japanese ? 
  i hope this means sinan will be ready to play the entire game in the cup final, 
  nice shot haha, 
  the lad did it !!, 
  even shitty turkish sport commentators bash yasin and say fatih terim should have picked sinan instead of him . 
  if you 're planning on touring central anatolia , you might like the excavations of the ancient hitite civilization near bo\u011fazkale ( pictured in the thumbnail ) . 
  atv website, 
  welcome to the sinan hypetrain . 
  and if you wan na be down with fener , then fuck you too, 
  lol , such a fener thing to do, 
  on that note , i 'm glad hamit 's contract is finally about to expire . 
  he was earning around 3 million a year by doing absolutely nothing . 
  you nicked this from that meme with the pony . 
  * upvotes reluctantly *, 
  lol , we even paid a 4,75 million transfer fee for him , what a waste . 
   sounds like some dudes gathering in front of a tea machine to find good brazilian 3rd football division games to bet on . 
  that 's ... oddly specific, 
  horrible design imo . 
   a ridiculous front design to induce headache on opponents . 
  sounds like a solid strategy . 
  the real question is , should we watch turkey at the risk of inflicting permanent damage to our mental wellbeing or sit back and watch the likes of iniesta , fabregas , and modric ? 
  ` khuda vendigar ' sound persian to me , are you iranian ? 
   legends like hakan \u015e\u00fck\u00fcr and mustafa sarp, 
  that he 's a legend , clearly . 
  so i ball so hard motherfuckers want to fine me ... 
  if this is actually true , we ca n't blame sneijder for leaving . 
  absolutely ridiculous this board of ours . 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  this is the first time i opened an akit article , but i ragecringed after merely a few sentences . 
  i can only hope that this is some proper satire , otherwise this country has gone completely down the drain . 
  lol , ikr !!, 
  ! ^ ^ ^ ^ h\u00fclooo\u011f, 
  lmao at all those real madrid haters while ronaldo is our most popular player . 
  but can he do it on a cold and rainy night in trabzon ? 
  man , if you knew dutch turks you 'd know that they would pay for the privilege of being their beloved leader 's designated propaganda shill . 
   or male for that matter . 
  [ what is this wizardy ? 
  ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcq_0ch8yzjc8ayk5xknfz9oubrbzyw4geepra9v77khpxb9wi9xkg ), 
  hahaha , this is hilarious . 
  football related marketing in the us should n't be taken seriously by anyone who actually follows the sport , everything is just too cringeworthy . 
   honestly , who can say that right now ? 
  the thing is , akp voters who are well off think turkey is absolutely great . 
  they even utter nonsense such as ` turkiye avrupa ` y\u0131 ge\u00e7ti . 
  i 'm tired of hearing that twat everytime we play a cup game for fuck 's sake . 
  tolga ca n't possibly be our only midfielder ( donk is shit and i do n't know why hamit is even still with us ) to play next to selcuk , so a transfer has to be imminent . 
  true , but i was referring to his new contract . 
  we lowered his salary , but he has n't played in so long that i do n't see him becoming a valuable player anymore . 
  if we manage to loan him , it would be an excellent move imo . 
  he 's a class player , but his age is a concern . 
  let 's just get rid of this threshold altogether , now that it falls in line with akp 's huge democracy circlejerk . 
  we really , really need diarra . 
  our midfield would hugely improve if we play him alongside sneijder and tolga , and show selcuk that he needs to step his game up if he wants to retain his spot . 
  lol , it 's probably my brother , he tends to downvote everything i comment . 
  wow , it looks even better from those angles !, 
  poor man 's drogba, 
  yasin you suck, 
  i 'm confident that jan will continue to get the best out of this team , we 're going to tear this league apart . 
  levent nazifoglu says it 'll be clarified on monday , and we 'll probably sign a striker .
