  because op specifically mentioned it should be in english . 
  bro do you even french ? 
  a mercedes , an audi , or a porsche perhaps ? 
  is your app also available for android ? 
  op please reply to him with stock photos of people laughing . 
  just imagine his rage . 
  i 'm assuming puto would be the male equivalent of puta . 
  in spanish , words change depending on whether they refer to a man or a woman . 
  as in loco/loca which means crazy for example . 
  so in what context was sabri mentioned , or was it just about galatasaray winning the emirates cup ? 
  sorry , but i actually agree with your sister . 
  i live in holland ( which is a rainy country ) and i hate it . 
  in case anyone is wondering , this is from turkey . 
  i saw it on a show where people send in their ( oc ) videos , and the funniest participants win a phone . 
  so these people did n't abduct this sheep in order to eat it , but for shits and giggles and , possibly , a phone . 
  bari 4 . 
  the real slim shady, 
  woah , are you for real ? 
  a dutch university actually researched this and came to the conclusion that robben is too fast for the defender to stop him from doing * that move * . 
  the only logical reason of course , but i think this study illustrates how phenomenal robben is . 
  yeah , i know , i listen to his music all the time . 
  do you have any proof of going to the same school as him though ? 
  a high school year book for example . 
  are you serious ? 
  where did you see/read that ? 
  yeah , sports !, 
  so it 's of beginnings ... 
  spoilers in the title , are you kidding me ? 
   `` you 're gon na regret this '' symphony, 
  i googled it and found this thread , what do you mean by that ? 
  lol tarik actually tries to do some defending ... aaand it 's a card . 
  what 's been said about pace/strength is true , as well as the fact that defenders tend to fuck up tremendously in fifa . 
  if it helps , i 'm just 18 and was expecting the same . 
  finally , no more undernourishment near the end of the month . 
  while i ca n't compare it accurately since i do n't know a damn thing about nfl , european football at the highest level is definetly expensive to the consumers ( fans ) . 
  you can check out how much each ticket in the premier league costs , and especially matches where two big clubs play each other are pricey . 
  and champions league games cost even way more . 
  when it comes to merchandise , they are ridiculously expensive when you buy them at a in big stores and even more so at fanshops at the club 's stadium . 
  fanshops at stadiums are generally ridiculously overpriced . 
  for example : # 5 for a tiny keyhanger at stamford bridge and $ 4 for a tiny keyhanger at galatasaray 's stadium . 
  i 've seen a real madrid kit ( shirt and shorts ) with ronaldo on the back at a store in rome , italy that cost $ 120 . 
  plain official shirts already cost more than they are worth , but the extras ( playername on the back , league patches , shorts ) all add up to the price . 
  * against the wall, 
  common courtesy of ragequitting, 
  same , and i especially hate it when obnoxious cunts say hazard should move to a better team to make progress in his career . 
  he 's at fucking chelsea ffs , how many clubs are there that can actually be considered * better * nowadays ? 
  to be honest , i do n't think bar\u00e7a would be * that * much of a threat as real or bayern . 
  i do think atletico madrid tends to better than people expect them to , just like against chelsea last year , but with the likes of costa and courtois at chelsea now , that should change things in our favour . 
  everyone was great , sampiyon galatasaray , gol krali burak . 
  * euphoria intensifies *, 
  if i recall correctlty , he explicitly said he had no intention of staying with leverkussen forever but wants to grow as a player . 
  so let 's say a top club picks him up , earning leverkussen a decent sum of money for a player who has properly carried out his tasks during his stay , would they be in a position to complain . 
  that would be mass homicide , rather than genocide . 
  can anyone tell me wether the formation from what gala put on twitter/instagram was anything like what you saw on the pitch ? 
  as in , did bruma really play as a cam ? 
  edit : lel , i have 666 upvotes . 
  is that what defines a playmaker though ? 
  yeah , that 's what i was thinking too . 
  that , i have to concede . 
  too bad i missed it , it looked very unusual . 
  that 's dribbling/ball control , and damnmit eden is no less than superb at that . 
  but i think the traditional traits that define a playmaker are passing and vision . 
  receiving a ball and quickly passing it to the right teammate so that the team can advance . 
  haha , so that 's why they have che guavara on their scarf . 
  also , does anyone know what that black arabic banner is supposed to mean ? 
  just 1905 ? 
  so in case you were expected him to leave soon , it 's appearantly not to southampton . 
   why does their need to be a line drawn ? 
  because autists need everything to be clearly defined ? 
  istanbul 2005 must have been a though night for you . 
  i 'm sorry mate . 
  haha , how did i overlook that - . -, 
  maybe op is g\u00fcrbet\u00e7i ? 
  in that case , i can assure you that 's very common and natural for most of us . 
  your comment made me realize how much i would like to see messi and drogba in one team . 
  if messi 's willing to come to chelsea , he 'd better do it soon . 
  but wait , there 's more !, 
  i expect france to make an impressive run in the 2016 ec . 
  except people usually admire his ` attitude ' or find it entertaining . 
  not in \u0130zmir either ? 
  sorry op , but i 'm gon na have to agree . 
  i am from the neighbouring city of \u00c7orum , and sometimes when things suck i think ` at least it 's not yozgat ' . 
  it 's like a catchphrase to me . 
  well , yeah people who admire him maybe do n't realize zlatan exaggerates his douchebag personality just to be cool or maybe it pays of in terms of marketing/sponsorships . 
  when it comes to being entertained by it ; as long as you do n't have to deal with him personally it can be somewhat funny to watch . 
  obviously , shooting hitler or bin laden 's dead body would be silly . 
  let the complaining begin . 
  matic should have been higher . 
  di maria should have made the top 10 and m\u00fcller should n't be * that * high . 
  i wo n't attempt to make an objective remark about hazard , but as a drogba fan i think he should have made the list as well . 
  being a shithead is rewarded now ? 
  just out of curiosity , is the entire ( transcribed ) manga available in colour ? 
  i 've seen some lose chapters that had colour but no complete set . 
  it 's a shame they stopped releasing english volumes . 
  animation and sound are nice but the manga is where the original work is at . 
  but i guess there must be fan scanlations in colour on the internet , so i 'll just search for those . 
  eh , that sucks . 
  i was doing a rewatch of db and considered switching to manga , too bad . 
  well , you already killed that bald guy , and your brother was a bit of a douche . 
  as soon as you have like -5 downvotes everyone else keeps downvoting too .
