  exactly , it 's ridiculous . 
  there 's no reason for him to even be here , let alone play so often . 
  are you trying to become galatasaray 's manager ? 
  nah , we do n't care about your accomplishments . 
  just tell us how much you love our lord and saviour , hope cloud . 
  what do you mean ? 
  yeah , i know 9gag , but do n't really like them . 
  i hope my 9gag counterpart shitposts as vigorously as i do then . 
  ik zeg , pics or it did n't happen . 
  ca n't watch the match atm , how did umut score ? 
  ca n't expect regular football from umut , haha . 
  thanks !, 
  i bet it 's not as nice as nice . 
  exactly what i was going for . 
  saved . 
  i 'm afraid he wo n't be able to answer your question . 
  like this :, 
  ( i have ) a question about fatih sultan mehmet, 
  enes unal is so talented that he was out of our reach apparently , but generally speaking , i think we should stop buying turkish players who earn more than they merit . 
  we 'd make tayyip ragequit within seconds , lmao . 
  excellent caption by oxford university press . 
  if i received a penny every time i saw umut fuck up , i 'd get cancer . 
  sounds managable if you have decent health insurance !, 
  i think it would be a good idea to sign some proper players , even if we finish 3rd and amount to nothing in el . 
  our new reinforcements would start the next season with 6 months of experience in our squad , which should help them to integrate into our team and prepare for 2016/2017 . 
  only if we can actually get quality players though , we do n't need random eredivisie players . 
  more like amrabat 2.0, 
  we are too broke though . 
  i 'm just afraid that we 'll buy a few cheap players who wo n't be able to make a difference other than keeping the fans happy . 
  i wish we could get some more players of podolski 's calibre . 
  yeah , seriously , fuck our overpaid manager and players . 
  i bet you do n't even know das kapital by heart . 
  i do n't mind building a team around sneijder , but i 'm not sure what to think about the players we seem to be interested in because i do n't really watch the dutch league either . 
  i wish we could buy el ghazi from ajax , but i 'm sure he has far better options than going to galatasaray . 
  over 9000, 
   stellingen van de week ? 
  so our favourite cursewords seem to be shit , fuck , amk , fener , and umut . 
  interesting set of languages , are you turkish or german by any chance ? 
  i had no idea german was an important language in late ottoman history , only know about french being very influential . 
  til , seems like an interesting field of study !, 
  excellent goal !, 
  i 'm still disappointed that we 're only going to receive 8.5 million at best from sociedad , but his value was probably bound to decrease if he stayed here . 
  wwi ? 
  yeah , i heard that was huge like 100 years ago . 
  found the commie, 
  know your memes ipito, 
  happy new year !, 
  i guess we know who to blame if we finish the season in utter despair . 
  well fuck , that means a return to the bush dynasty . 
  which is ? 
  nationalisme ? 
  seems like you are dutch as well . 
  i agree , erdogan is a special kind of cunt . 
  yeah , it always used to be france and germany who were staunchly against turkey joining , but france 's stance changes under the hollande administration . 
   would you also support `` propose removing turkey from nato '' petition which is pending approval ? 
  as detoxxin said , that word gave it away . 
  i might be biased but i 've always had the impression that educated people often have galatasaray as their favourite team . 
  yeah , probably . 
  * against vallecano , he plays for sociedad . 
  * refills cups of tea *, 
  * drinks them patriotically *, 
  definitely , drogba is just something else . 
  as a galatasaray fan , i fully understand how much his canadian fans must love him for the impact he made in montr\u00e9al , even if it may seem like such a short period of time . 
  i could n't help myself ... ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  * seculiere * samenleving, 
  thank you for this respectful gesture !, 
  should we even be surprised at this point ? 
  no , that 's dutch , not french . 
    did a sweaty, 
  ` sweaty goal ' is a term among fifa players , it 's when a player passes to his teammate who is right in front of the goal so he can score before the keeper can block . 
  i think it was coined by ksi , and it was basically * the * most exploited way of scoring in fifa 13 . 
  there 's got to be a way to handle this more efficiently ... 
  ah , who am i to judge , i 'm not even german . 
  i appreciate the gesture bro , these things should n't happen anywhere . 
  i 'm sure koray 's a solid centre back , but i do n't believe he counts as two defenders . 
  dammit , now it just looks as if i have a reading impediment or something . . 
  holy shit . 
  whatever he 's going through , i hope it gets better . 
  if this guy is good , we would actually have a solid squad if we get a decent striker . 
  i can still see it 's you umut ... get out . 
  the netherlands ( or any other state for that mater ) can exert jurisdiction over any of its citizens , which includes prosecution for crimes comitted abroad . 
  i 'm a law student , albeit a miserable one , so do n't quote me on this but one of the fundamental principles of international public law is that sovereign states have jurisdiction over their citizens , even beyond the borders of their territory . 
  again , i 'm not qualified at all and i do n't know the case either . 
  but indeed , the prosecutor requires evidence of some sort in order to form an indictment ( tenlastelegging ) because it 's up to him to prove that the suspect has comitted the crimes he 's being accused of . 
  the prosecutor also indicates where and when the crimes supposedly took place . 
  if they do n't have the evidence to support their accusation , it 'll be hard to convict the guy . 
  i am so fucking done with this country . 
  how do i denounce my citizenship ? 
  yup , this is what i had in mind as well . 
  is international law taught in english in groningen by the way ? 
  he must be so talented . 
  i know about this degree , but i meant the course on international law which should be included in the regular llb programme . 
  damn . 
  this was pretty disappointing . 
  post 2, 
  laughed so hard that i choked on my top kek . 
  yes , the kid on the left is arda as a ball boy . 
  yes , it 's supposed to be arda when he was a [ ball boy at galatasaray ] ( http://www.weloba.com/sites/default/files/arda_recull-pilotes.v1436282411.jpg ), 
  damn , this comment made me reasses my humanity . 
  does adana have a higher concentration of crazy people for turkish standards ?
