  this is obviously irrefutable proof that galatasaray is a matchfixer and the whole word just accused fenerbah\u00e7e because they hate us !!, 
  good work , but you guys can go back to losing now . 
  red card , more evidence of \u015fike guise !!, 
  what a cunt . 
  he might as well just give them six minutes and get the desired outcome out in the open . 
  not us , we are getting stars !, 
  you get to see them twice next year fenerbirds . 
  otherwise there 'd be no defending it , haha . 
  are they trying to lose by default or something ? 
  only one red card to go . 
  jet fuel ca n't melt these stars though !, 
  thanks , much appreciated . 
  i wish you guys good luck next season . 
  what an awesome fanbase we have . 
  the fourth star is well deserved . 
  their contributions to the title have been priceless . 
  i see the mods have implemented an appropiate change in the header already . 
  awesome !, 
  who would have thought he would suddenly start playing like messi , haha . 
  i did n't even know him when he came to galatasaray and at first i was n't impressed at all , but damn what a turnaround indeed . 
  aziz yildirim is fenerbah\u00e7e 's president , who was involved in the matchfixing scandal and said :, 
  ` if i did practise matchfixing , i did it for fenerbah\u00e7e . 
  i did n't do it for myself . 
  do n't be ridiculous . ', 
  number five is a sick reference to that comment by yildirim . 
  a bachelor of laws . 
  i hope to study corporate law and/or tax law as a master 's . 
  haha , exactlty . 
  my expetations of olcan and yasin were pretty much the opposite of how it turned out too . 
  credits were they are due . 
  hamza has done an amazing job . 
  ah , how can you not love this guy ? 
  didier gets to celebrate two league titles in one season , what a legend . 
  probably , otherwise it would have been a revine . 
  i do n't get the joke though , unless i heard it wrong . 
  it says ` l\u00e9onidas et trois cent braves sont morts ' right ? 
  i 'm inclined to declare bullshit since it 's a very early rumour , but thought i 'd post it anyway so that it might spark a discussion . 
  i do n't think we should get him either . 
  buying a player with dubious work ethic is always a gamble . 
   we need another type of striker to complement burak but we do n't need to fucking get rid of him already ... 
  what do you have in mind though ? 
  with sneijder , burak and yasin , we have a cam , a striker and a winger . 
  it 's very awkward to try to fit another striker into a system with those three players . 
  i 'd say we should find a winger who complements burak , but then there 's bruma . 
   especially when someone pours alcohol on the floor and lights it . 
  haha , i wo n't judge you , i 'm turkish . 
  we have a dance where people pretend to be crippled . 
  zeibekiko sounds oddly familiar to zeybek , a turkish dance , but i 'm not sure whether they are the same . 
  he is seriously the best thing that happened to us this season , alongside hamza . 
  none at the moment , except fifa . 
  but to list some games or series i 've enjoyed : splinter cell , hitman , mafia 2 , far cry , sleeping dogs , the elder scrolls, 
  i hope he gets to play this weekend . 
  i assumed it would be designed by fans or something , but the fact that this is official merchandise is beyond pathetic . 
  i do n't know whether cech would want that . 
  he can pretty much pick and choose a team where he could still play every week , and 33 is n't too old for a keeper , so i think he would just want to enjoy the rest of his career as a key player instead of a back-up . 
  oh you rebel , you, 
  definetly , it would be great for chelsea if he decides to stay . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/rdlol.gif ), 
  i do n't know why fenerbahce fans criticize him so much . 
  he deserves some recognition for this list of achievements . 
  alright folks , how are we gon na convince blaise matuidi to come to galatasaray ? 
  what are we waiting for ? 
  offer him a contract for the next 10 years !, 
  to be honest , i do n't watch psg a lot either , but as far as i can tell he 's great defensively and covers a lot of metres . 
  that being said , he 's one of the best cdm 's out there and he 's under contract until 2018 . 
  this is just wishful thinking . 
  i suppose there 's always * some * chance . 
  i am kind of humble ... 
   stay away from evil triangle of \u00c7ank\u0131r\u0131 / \u00c7orum / yozgat, 
  op , never mind this guy . 
  come to \u00c7orum , we have [ fresh leblebi ] ( http://medya.aksiyon.com.tr/aksiyon/2013/05/20/zafer-leblebi-1.jpg ), 
  i 'n glad they said burak scored , otherwise i would n't be able to tell what was going on . 
  it 's not exactly a monologue though , the other guy intervenes all the time . 
  is digiturk play working for anyone ? 
  atv kinda sucks . 
  digiturk is n't working for me , i just switched to atacast 's stream . 
  shut up about sel\u00e7uk you bastard . 
  lol , nice try, 
  only one cup to go for the treble !, 
  this is probably the highest amount of people i 've ever seen getting rekt alltogether . 
  / r/creepypms, 
  there was this askreddit thread asking which sub had the most toxic moderators , and that subreddit was mentioned in the top comment , saying that they ban people very fast . 
  so , i went there , and saw a random person complaining about how somebody gave her shit for using a macbook and i said something along the lines of ` mac sucks . 
  pc master race . ', 
  i ca n't say i was disappointed , i got banned instantly . 
  10/10 , would get banned again . 
  little did i know , the whole sub was a hive for hardcore feminists . 
  you were literally only allowed to support the op . 
  lmao http://www.reddit.com/r/amiugly/comments/2zrzxq/pls_rate_me/ :d, 
  i do n't know how i would find that thread though , it 's probably around 7 months old . 
  / r/frisson, 
  i love videos like this . 
  missing / r/europe, 
  the money is not wasted if we spend it properly . 
  loaning players might be a good idea as well though , we could use a solid right back in the champions league . 
  it 's not about looking good , it 's about sending a message . 
  you 're right though , i think our designs are pretty lame aside from the actual tenues , polo shirts , etc. 
  they would literally become my favorite trio of all time if i ever got to see that happen . 
  ` it 's football , not soccer , you ameritard ', 
  of course not , mourinho is coming to us .
