  telles-chedjou-koray * - sabri, 
  i 'm not sure about the players with a * next to their name :, 
  - sinan , because i assume burak will be given the favor if he keeps scoring, 
  - sel\u00e7uk because he gets criticized a lot , but i expect the new foreigner rule to motivate him to fight for his spot, 
  - i 'm not sure wether the coach will decide to koray or if semih will be sold . 
  - i am a fan of sabri reyiz but i do n't know what the coach thinks about him, 
  i would be against getting a turkish cb unless we can get him dirt cheap . 
  because i fear we wo n't be able to get someone who 's really good , and when we can play foreigners next year he 'll only be a burden . 
  not sure who that would be . 
  drogba 's are hard to find , and it 's not like we can afford a guy like zlatan either . 
  as for telles , i can picture him being used as an lm if we can manage to find a defensive left-back . 
  he 's a good player imo , but he lacks defending . 
  when you realize you 're dealing with no pushover and back down . 
  i 'm just kidding man , no offence . 
  on the internet , nobody knows you 're white . 
  cuz you a busta . 
  fuck you man , laughed out loud in class getting weird looks and shit . 
  besides , she did n't tell the kid to do anything . 
  she just asked him something to make him reflect on his actions . 
  nice , slowly reducing the squad size . 
  turkey would be like the second north korea in terms of laughingstock . 
  ** the godfather **, 
  i might be biased because i absolutely love the movies but surely they should be up here ? 
  nobody were expecting them be good either , you were merely pointing out the obvious . 
  lmao great username fam, 
  if you feel your comments and such were irrelevant to what you want to do now , and you want to start from scratch , sure . 
  what are we waiting for ? 
  grab the pitchforks , op 's a reposter . 
  it 's tall rather than bulky compared to mike tyson and such , but i 'd say it does count . 
  do or do not , there is no might . 
  i know right , everyone knows it 's from the dutch acronym :, 
  it seems i am the only one who thinks this might be a fun idea . 
  op , if you find one more person we 'll have a group chat consisting of 3 people . 
  dammit op that is a majestic title . 
  aside from robin 's hoodie messing up cesc 's face . 
  i remember this protip from middle school but you still ca n't be sure whether it 's die/der . 
  in dutch , masculin words tend to be physical objects and feminine words tend to be abstract nouns . 
  can anyone fluent in german say whether that 's the case in german as well ? 
  hababam s\u0131n\u0131f\u0131 is probably the most renowned turkish movie of all time and is rated 9.5 ( ! ), 
  on imdb . 
  it 's an old movie ( 1975 ) , and i ca n't guarantee that it fits your taste in comedy , but it never hurts to try . 
  it 's about a group of very close friends in a highschool with a dormitory . 
  they play pranks on all their teachers , and try to do the same to their new principal . 
  edit : if you want a more modern turkish movie , i recommend * yah\u015fi bat\u0131 . 
  it 's from 2009 i think and revolves about two ottoman officials who are given the task to deliver a present to the american president from the ottoman emperor . 
  he did n't choose it . 
  i think , since swedish and japanese are very different languages , you should just give it a try . 
  also , what tools are you using to learn japanese ? 
  i am interested in learning it but i am hesitant in learning charachters . 
  i 'd love to just learn some basic japanese in romaji . 
  same , the struggle is real . 
  so do i. 
  he deserves a chance , and we 're low on options anyway . 
  is there something like this for drogba ? 
  surely * somebody * must have made a video of all his goals for us . 
  yeah i 've seen it , thanks man . 
  i can see where you 're coming from , but personally i absolutely love him . 
  when there were rumors about drogba coming to galatasaray way before he actually did , i remember people saying ` he would never go to you guys ' or ` he 's old anyway ' and i really hoped he would come to gs regardless . 
  i was pissed when he went to china , but eventually there he was . 
  playing in a red-yellow shirt , creating two goals within minutes after being subbed in . 
  i guess i might have become too biased to judge drogba objectively , but eh . 
  i like how you call it a * near * 100 % decrease . 
  even without limbs , the poor guy ca n't catch a break from work . 
  even i thought sneijder would think lowly of the turkish league and stay away . 
  he was once asked by a reporter on the street about his rumored move to fenerbah\u00e7e , and his response was a laugh as if he were to say ` who the fuck are they supposed to be ? ', 
  also , earlier , he was complaining that about turkish fans during netherlands - turkey matches , saying they got their tickets from the black market . 
  either i was completely wrong about sneijder , or he has simply changed his mind . 
   i go to watch games at stamford bridge, 
  * jealousy intensifies *, 
  that 's awesome man , enjoy . 
  heh , i do n't think i 'll be in london in the near future , but i 'll take you up on that if i am . 
  while drinking your juice in the hood . 
  while drinking your juice in the hood . 
  he saw a blue link and went for it . 
  glad to see that bruma 's starting . 
  no way that was offside . 
  sneijder 's right to be angry . 
  oh c'mon pandev why did n't you just finish that . 
  hmm ... galatasaray scored . 
  better give pandev a yellow card . 
  refs in turkey are so full of shit , you do n't even know what to criticize . 
  awesome username fam . 
  as a dutchie i was really shocked when i heard thibaut speak english for the first time . 
  i always thought he was from wallonia because of his name , so it was pretty weird when i heard him talking in a dutch/flemish accent . 
  for a minute , i thought the joke was that matic looked young , then i noticed the kid next to willian . 
  i think you have drastically increased your chances to get gilded yourself instead of him . 
  gold is ironic sometimes . 
  edit : thanks , haha , this was even more ironic than i expected . 
  for a maximum of 24 hours . 
  great lineup imo . 
  if umut does his job we should be fine . 
  i like how bruma and emre left the pitch looking like they were good buddies . 
  maybe his english is better than the older turkish guys . 
  anyway , i love it , it 's beneficial to the general atmosphere at the team . 
  * biggie smalls for mayor . 
  the rap slayer . 
  i could n't help but think of this line when i read the title . 
  you would n't steal a matress . 
  i just subscribed . 
  with the amount of hairline related jokes you see , that subreddit should work out .
