  chelsea and galatasaray fan as well ? 
  you must be thoroughly enjoying this season . 
  i 've never heard of that system being used by galatasaray . 
  our attendance rates are awful by the way , so i do n't see how the demand would exceed the supply of available tickets . 
  let 's hope hazard stays at least . 
  even though i could n't blame him if he moved to real madrid at this point . 
  it does n't seem to be working anymore now that the has already started . 
  you 'll need about a thousand witnesses to confirm that he * is * a football player . 
  i might or might not watch a cartoon about the daily endeavors of the cats in istanbul . 
  imagine if he scored against real madrid right after drogba, 
  not to mention burak yilmaz, 
  we beat the brits again !, 
  gallipolli 1916 best year of my life !, 
  have you ever tried coco 's ? 
  i think they are decent . 
  source : fellow leidenaar . 
  how many games did you attend this year ? 
  you mean klose will score two ? 
  for what it 's worth , pitbull ended up in alaska once . 
  has nothing to do with that tbh . 
  nas has been around for ages as well . 
  there are several factors that render him unique and/or controversial , including the fact that he 's white , his lyrics , his semi-biographical movie , his collaborations with rihanna , etc. 
  drogba-like header, 
  why was n't sneijder playing in the first place ? 
  his jihadist-looking ass was bugging podolski all game . 
  absolutely . 
  the guy is pathetic . 
  best thing umut did all game, 
  edit : holy shit , another red !, 
  this is like fenerbah\u00e7e 's season finale all over again . 
  this kind of shit is the reason we ca n't sign any proper sponsorship deals . 
  why would a brand like turkish airlines , who have sponsored the likes of drogba , messi , kobe , barcelona , and man utd over the years , want to be associated with this sitcom of a league ? 
  i mean from a strictly marketing related point of view , it does n't seem smart for a leading airline company to pay in order to have their name all over superlig matches instead of sponsoring globally recognized athletes/clubs . 
  that 's not the message they want to send . 
  it would be like gilette sponsoring some unremarkable player instead of beckham at the time . 
  i 'd read that . 
  big 's verse on notorious thugs gets me hyped to the fullest everytime . 
   liquid swords, 
   all eyez on me, 
   illmatic, 
  those would probably be the first three records i 'd try to get my hands on if i 'd ever start collecting , followed by me against the world and 36 chambers . 
  sanders 2016, 
  west 2020, 
   top tier shitpost, 
  ftfy, 
  nova roma *, 
  this hit too close to home . 
  of course all the ccc lads knew this already . 
  thanks for acknowledging the ayran masterrace , science !, 
  erdogan might just commit political suicide if they go through with this , which is why i 'm inclined to believe that they wo n't . 
  it would stir a ** huge ** shitstorm throughout the country , as well as international backlash since hakan is known all over the world . 
  of course not , it just ascends to a higher degree of shitposting . 
  i 'm hoping for some ultralight memes tbh . 
  you are n't ? 
  trump 's response : takeover ( ft. mac miller ), 
  ffs , they score the minute i tune in, 
  fuck yes , come on !!, 
  how else would you defend against goal poachers ? 
  there really is no such thing as a bad time for puns to redditors . 
  seriously , if i were umut or denizli i would be too embarassed to walk around istanbul . 
  maybe if weed had been decriminalized altogether , bonzai would n't have been such a widespread problem . 
   traffic jams are common , drivers get aggressive easily , sometimes sidewalks are missing and drivers expect pedestrians to let them pass rather than the other way around . 
  a turk would feel right at home, 
  it 's funny that you mention kanye , i 've always considered him to be the cristiano of hiphop : hate him or love him , but he has been at the top for years . 
  funny coming from that username, 
  i can only see us getting another incompetent and overpaid turkish manager at this point , so i prefer entrusting taffarel with the remainder of our season . 
  i just google albums individually if i ca n't find a decent torrent , that 's probably your best bet if you are looking for turkish musicians . 
  we all know that supporting gala is prerequisite for being a true kebab bossman . 
  dae turkey = literally a retirement home ?? 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  it says he fractured his ankle . 
  i guess his career with us is already over , he 's like 34 and has n't played a game in ages . 
  [ you better deliver op ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/oygckl4x7fvym/200w.gif ), 
  damn , yasin, 
  the # 7 we know and love, 
  i think he signed a five-year contract with us , but sociedad have the option of buying him . 
  your best bet is probably waiting until he returns to galatasaray ( assuming that he will ) and then try see what the chances of him leaving are . 
  poor guy , i can only imagine how devastated he must be . 
  birthdays would n't even cross my mind in a situation like this , but i hope he manages to cope regardless . 
  it might take some effort from the mods to keep the thread civil , but hopefully the idea of solidarity will discourage everyone from being disrespectful . 
  either way , i like your idea . 
  i 'd rather hope pogba is this keen on reuniting with conte at chelsea . 
  but then again , why would he ? 
  so this is how liberty dies ... 
  [ birlo 's goal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knuxavsl21w ) for those who missed it, 
  [ fuck the police ] ( https://streamable.com/s76h ), 
  that 's because you wrongfully assume that turkey ever stopped genociding people . 
  the name is that offensive , huh ? 
  here 's a dutch network ( www.jongeturken.nl ) of young managers who operate in the same industry and call themselves ` young turks ' . 
  is this also ` highly offensive ' to you ? 
  that 's an inaccurate comparison . 
  in no way does the nazi party symbolize rebellion . 
  they represent national socialism , which you seem to admit as well . 
  people do n't associate nazi 's with socialist domestic policies or developing infrastructrure or whatever , but with wwii . 
  the young turks , however , are primarily known as ( and became a symbol of ) a rebellion against the establishment ( the absolute monarchy in this case ) . 
  exhibit a : a british [ record company ] ( http://theyoungturks.co.uk/ ), 
  exhibit b : a dutch [ business network ] ( http://www.jongeturken.nl/ ), 
  of course not . 
  fifa  life, 
  quality post fam , keep up the good work !,
