  i could n't possibly protest their decision of not choosing burak , let 's see what umut can do today . 
  heh , not even sneijder is even guaranteed his spot in our super top-notch squad . 
  it does seem like a 4411 or something , but i do n't think any of the players in this line-up can be considered wingers , so i 'm not sure what to expect . 
  either way , i 'm happy to see sneijder actually be lined up as a cam , i hope that will work out for him . 
  i do n't know man , i think his formations are shit to be honest . 
  i think this is the best formation ( 4231 ) , and it 's even compatible with the forreigner rule in the league . 
  in prandelli 's defence , sabri is not in the cl squad appearantly , but still he refuses to let players like olcan and bruma play . 
  fair point . 
  do you suppose sneijder could play as a false 9 type of cf in a 433 formation ? 
  like this :, 
  never will we see our strikers fucking up again , but rather we would have sneijder firing shots from * everywhere * and distributing the ball to olcan and bruma . 
  i might be too euphoric , but this honestly seems like a good idea to me . 
  fuck , what was i thinking . 
  he used his alias ` moot ' to protect his identity . 
  until you watch shrek is love shrek is life and you ca n't ever bear to see shrek 's face again . 
  what a fucking asshole . 
  kindly fuck off . 
  yeah i ignored that weird guys last comment . 
  i do n't know but i think there 's a stereotype of vulgar language associated with \u00c7orum . 
  heh , he 's repping my * il * and even my town . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://www.quickmeme.com/img/0b/0b91b11b4d60d1e7ef9985ab9238336450792f9e40d36679fe0df590395110a2.jpg ), 
  i 'm gon na have to agree here . 
  mhp may be famous for using that symbol , but it has a much longer history . 
  i do n't get it , am i missing a reference ? 
  also , great flair , lmao . 
  what ? 
  haha . 
  i prefer # 10 :(, 
  still googling trying to figure out what it 's about . 
  is is [ this ] ( https://eksisozluk.com/entry/1580429 ) ? 
  what 's step 2 ? 
  the suspension is killing me . 
  haha , is n't that awkward , how did you react after that response ? 
  yeah , i will definetely plant it if i come across another one . 
  was looking for this , and i 'm happy to see this being said by a bjk fan . 
  respect , sir . 
  shots fired . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  if he were loaned to vitesse , he 'd get to shine all the time . 
   i stopped paying my power and water, 
  how are you gon na get power and water then ? 
  heh , it 's amazing that you can get away with that . 
  i though companies could cut anyone off if they do n't pay . 
   i 'd make lego star wars , marvel universe star wars and mortal kombat star wars . 
  i 'd make everything into a star wars . 
  literally loughed out loud , thanks . 
  awesome username dude !, 
   disc, 
   buying it, 
  does dumping downloaded files in the recycle bin count ? 
  i appreciate azpilicueta . 
  is n't that gsvid ? 
  haha , same , i am so glad we have him . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  or yekta instead of selcuk , even . 
  i 'm assuming you 're referring to / u/talkingwires, 
  would n't the shit already be out of you in the second case ? 
  i live in the netherlands too , and there are tons of people who bitch about football . 
  folks who play field hockey , among others . 
   anybody know the guys name that kicked the goal ? 
  haha , how american are you ? 
  was specifically looking for this . 
  not disappointed . 
  this guy right here . 
  meanwhile during jose 's conract negotiations ... 
  ssh , he might be a muggle . 
  we do n't talk about pokemon fight club . 
  75 % of the world does n't even have a fridge . 
   most, 
  hotter than a set of twin babies, 
  i call him skillian on fifa , this was the first thing i thought of too . 
  as a fan of both dragon ball and one piece , i loved reading this , thanks . 
  this is the part where you get respect . 
  i 'm pretty surprised considering that he calls himself a scumbag . 
   i sent them the wrong direction, 
  did you send them to 1d 's house ? 
  like ` the blues ' for chelsea or ` gunners ' for arsenal . 
  to be fair , the origin is pretty disputed . 
  i 've heard a version of the story in which a tribune leader attends a match in switzerland and hears a chant with ` cim bom bom ' in it and it sticks to his memory . 
  another , more interesting though unlikely version is about a tribune leader who goes for a hunt in a foreign country with a guy named jim and he 'd say ` jim , bom bom ' to refer to shooting . 
  ( cim is pronounced jim in turkish ), 
  if there happens to be an expert here , feel free to correct me . 
  i did n't , but thanks for the warning . 
  sorry , i 'm still a semi-noob, 
  yeah , true . 
  there were also quite a few greek guys who thought ` our ' hooliganism was no big deal and pointing out how normal that was in greece/eastern europe . 
  i 'm not sure what to think of it , though . 
  it seems like they 're proud of their hooliganism , and try to glorify themselves . 
  this is definetly the best dbz tattoo i 've ever seen . 
  it just looks flawless , really . 
  also , nobody likes to mention what kind of scum they were . 
  anyone from ourside of this sub would downvote this into oblivion , but it was a plain provocation . 
  they were doing their utmost best to piss off the locals as much as possible . 
  sorry , but there are too many people that die because of reasons they have zero influence on to make me feel sorry for a cunt who burns a bill featuring ataturk as a mean of offense . 
  okay , i just clicked ` share ' on a mobile app and selected the reddit app again to post it here . 
  i 'll try to do that next time . 
  in hindsight , there is not an awful lot that mancini can be blamed for during his time at galatasaray , especially if you consider the fact that he was hired halfway into the season when things were n't going well at all . 
  2nd place in the league , but made it into the second round of cl and won the turkish cup . 
  or schurrle + salah for reus + cash ? 
  * torres ' back .
