  i love how everyone looks slightly disappointed while emre is smiling . 
  cup half full type of person . 
  / r/soccer is mirin ' our nifty passing . 
  i love it . 
  let the guy play as a striker . 
  it 's uncalled for to call burak a primadonna simply because he wants to play the position he performs best at . 
  / r/soccer mods are literally worse than hitler . 
  there , i said it . 
  let 's see what happens . 
  oh , i 'm definetly in favour of getting another striker , either as a backup for burak , or as a first striker of we can get someone good . 
  but i would n't want burak to play as a winger , for exactly the reason you mentioned . 
  he 's a good striker , but we have better options for the rw position ( read : sinan ) . 
  so we need a striker who can either act as our primary striker and allround forward or a substitute for burak , because a 442 formation would n't work well with our squad . 
  true , but i hope we 'll work something out one way or another . 
  it 's quite unsettling that we have to rely on umut whenever burak is unable to play . 
  although it kinda looks like he has no idea why they asked him to that , haha . 
  [ ... ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-axwyt2kzkg4/uw6nwf9fsai/aaaaaaaaa4q/kll_m94vcjs/s1600/britney-confused.gif ), 
  i highly doubt cristiano ronaldo is a moderator of / r/galatasaray to be honest . 
  if he has to go , he might as well be a galactico . 
  i mean , sure we * could * play him as a striker , but we would n't want burak or umut to suffer from that . 
  ` happy birthday ! ', 
  ` thanks , you too . ', 
  so they ban entire sections of the stadium indiscriminately ? 
  that 's just outragous . 
  bar\u0131\u015f man\u00e7o was a musician from turkey , where he is considered one of the greatest artists the country has ever known . 
  he played a wide variety of genres , ranging from folk music to pop and rock . 
  most of his songs were in turkish , but he also released a few in french and english , such as this one . 
  i 'm personally a huge fan myself , and i 'm curious as to whether you guys would like this song . 
  let me know what you think !, 
   this is a point i had n't considered . 
  however , is n't it also true that immigrants tend to lean more towards labour than natives ? 
  i can only speak for the netherlands , but it 's mostly because of the fact that non-western immigrants are generally working-class people who are taught that voting for labour parties is in their best interest . 
  some turks here just scroll down the list of candidates and choose a turkish name from a party they know to be ` good . ', 
   idk , it 's such a dilemma . 
  i 'm also not a fan of nationalists because they oppose the eu ( which i very much support ) . 
  the eu also enables migration within europe , which results into a waves of migrants from eastern europe to stronger economies like germany . 
  this could also prove problematic , imo . 
   how i wish we could vote separately on issues ... direct democracy would fix so many things . 
  as far as i know , that 's pretty much how it works in switzerland . 
  i really envy them , as i do n't really recognize a party that i fully support . 
  the link did n't work for me , what did say ? 
  i understand that news like this evokes reactions that are more impulsive than usual , but simply being angry at immigrants is n't going to fix anything either . 
  i read about the attack on / r/europe and wondered how this sub would react . 
  i found your thread in the new section . 
  i 've never read the actual book by rousseau , but i like that idea . 
  a common objection against direct democracy is that it would be difficult to manage on a large scale , requiring constant referenda , but this seems quite managable . 
  the only problem i envision is that political parties might be against a system like that , as it reduces their importance and power position, 
  you should definitely go through with it though , it 'll be interesting an read . 
  i 've been meaning to write something as well these days , initially about the treaty with iran , but i was too late and i have n't been able to find a good topic since then . 
  i 'm really torn on the debate on immigration , being turkish myself . 
  i fully understand europeans who are disappointed in their governments for carelessly allowing foreigners , some of which contribute fuck all to society , to immigrate to their countries . 
  but on the other hand , all people can become productive members of society , especially if they were raised and ( properly ) schooled here . 
  if only stimulating education was as easy it sounds , i think we 'd be fine . 
  oh no , i did n't mean to suggest that europe should keep allowing immigrants to enter . 
  i was referring to the generations who are born and raised here . 
  it 's obviously impossible to allow mass immigration to take place as of today . 
  certain suburbs in big cities just turn into enclaves of some sort . 
  there are people who are mentally still in their country of origin and do n't care about their country of residence at all . 
  i do n't know what it will take to fix that to be honest . 
  i can only hope it 'll get better , as younger generations do pursue higher education more often . 
  but it might take an awful lot of time before that will reflect upon society as a whole . 
  i 'm starting university next week , so now i wonder what my class will look like . 
  the universities in amsterdam have plenty of people from immigrant families , but i decided to go to leiden in the end so i 'm not sure . 
  the keeper did n't know what hit him . 
  brilliant . 
   removed, 
  that was more or less my reasoning as well . 
  our best campaign in recent years was when we drew manchester united , cluj , and braga , although burak being in the greatest form of his life also helped of course . 
  i think liberalism and indifference are n't mutually exclusive . 
  our notion that people are free to do as they please , so long as they do n't interfere with the rights of others , may very well stem from indifference . 
  but it still indicates that we value individual freedom , which is of course typically liberal . 
  ` in holland we have a saying . 
  politics is another cook . 
  it 's another biscuit . ', 
  honestly so long as they do n't make mistakes in communication , i 'm all for it . 
  ` son of yellow ' is just his cover name . 
  this man is clearly a member of the house of orange . 
  damn , i jinxed it . 
  selcuk - jose, 
  we should try this sometime . 
  what chant is that ? 
  i know it 's not ideal , but i want jose to play as well . 
  seriously though , why does no one like us ? 
  we are n't millwall dammit . 
  maybe they browse reddit too . 
  sneijder and muslera are crucial to this team . 
  we are in serious trouble if they do n't get their act together soon . 
  only if you have the required experience mate . 
  how good are you at football manager ? 
  i play fifa too , but fm focuses on the managerial aspect , so people who want more realism and strategy play that . 
  i blame the turkish media . 
  ` yeah , uh , i 'll take your offer into consideration . ', 
  it 's not about this person ( who i believed to be elvis ' grandkid ) in particular , but rather about the indication that we are growing as a brand . 
  congratulations to the winners !, 
  by the way , how did you make sure the program gives you three winners for the scarves ? 
  i had learned some python a couple of years ago , but barely remember how it worked unfortunately . 
  already looking forward to the next episode !, 
  my bad . 
  i have no idea why the fuck i said three there . 
  yeah , i get it now .
