  fucking netherlands mate . 
  why even teach history at schools at all , might as well let them read a work of fiction . 
  you really do n't like gro\u00dfkreutz do you ? 
  haha , perfect . 
  the only concern i have is the defensive midfield , now that melo is gone . 
  i hope chedjou returns from his injury soon , so we can see how our defense holds up, 
  that , and fucking burak yilmaz . 
  if anything happens to him , we are absolutely screwed . 
  your xi is fine imo . 
  i guess people downvoted you because it has tarik in it . 
  i know they had piszczek but gro\u00dfkreutz ca n't possibly be worse than tarik though , can he ? 
  we did it reddit !, 
  it 's not this deal in particular , but it 's astonishing how shitty our end of the bargain is at times . 
  are we so desperate that we are willing to accept whatever the other party proposes ? 
  a fucking disgrace even . 
  nice , hope we can use him in europe . 
  got ta love arda 's honesty . 
  anyone else would try to retain a more neutral position . 
  me too , thanks . 
  he dreams about what his life would have been like if he had white privilege . 
   exposure, 
  i can guarantuee you that everyone will get to see the work you put into my newly started business . 
  for fuck 's sake , this is just pathetic . 
  bring out the guillotine guys , it 's revolution time . 
  exactly , we have basically gotten used to their incompetence . 
  exactly , haha . 
  i love that sub . 
  who do you reckon will take over ? 
  i do n't really know the potential successors , so i do n't know what to expect . 
  bill gates please . 
  i 'm not sure what kind of president albayrak would be . 
  he loves galatasaray with a passion , but i 'm not sure whether he 'd be able to improve things . 
  definitely . 
  we all want to see galatasaray grow into a more prominent club in europe , but in the mean time we ca n't even find a decent sponsor or sign some players properly . 
  there 's no way we 'll reach that potential with a management like this . 
  he seems to be good in the air . 
  maybe he should replace umut then ? 
  yeah , he organized it and went on to tell how our foreign players were amazed by its sheer magnificence or something . 
  guess he really needed to butter up to erdogan . 
  same here . 
  whenever things seem to be hopeless , he shows up to save the day . 
  nice , thanks !, 
  the hero we deserve . 
  our red jerseys must have triggered their hatred of commies . 
  inanesta !!, 
  as if their liberty was on the line , like during their war of independence . 
  i was promised some fun , damnit . 
  who is this ? 
  i 'm a huge fan as well . 
  would n't get sick of listening to his music in a million years . 
  i 'm out of the loop here , why is bruges so bad ? 
  you 're missing the point here . 
  people are n't upset because we are unsuccesful . 
  we just won all three domestic cups , so that leaves little room to complain in the first place . 
  fans are just disappointed in the board , and their mistake during the gro\u00dfkreutz transfer is the most recent concrete example of their poor management . 
  i do n't think it 's arrogant to expect your club to be managed properly , to be honest . 
  exactly , i love his work . 
  you 're right about turkish fans in general . 
  it 's impossible to keep up with their bullshit , and i 'm absolutely not trying to defend that . 
  maybe it 's because of my bad title , or maybe i should 've posted this to / r/galatasaraycirclejerk , but i did n't mean to whine . 
  i just thought that this was a nice caricaturesque ( which inherently implies exaggeration/melodrama ) depiction of many fans ' sentiment towards the board , and that it 'd be appreciated here . 
  lmao , brilliant . 
  lost it when i saw ` lol dutch people ' in a music video . 
  yeah , those were some pretty bad transfers , as were xhemali and pandev imo . 
  luckily , we got rodriguez and carole , so we made some really good transfers as well . 
  if living in a relatively big city is a criterion , you 're gon na have to decide between utrecht ( 300k residents ) , the hague ( 500k ) , rotterdam ( 600k ) , or amsterdam ( over 700k ) . 
  so that should make the choice easier . 
  personally , i 'd choose amsterdam as it 's probably the most fun city to live in as an expat . 
  there are expats from all over the world there , including americans and spanish speaking people . 
  on the other hand , like others have mentioned , the rent in amsterdam is bound to be higher than other cities . 
  also , amsterdam to the hague is a 60km drive or a one hour train trip , so it 's up to you to decide whether that 's okay . 
  as for which part of amsterdam is suitable to live in , i think somebody who lives there should answer that . 
  i guess you could say that he made an excellent impact on montr\u00e9al . 
  fascist . 
  i 'd rather have daley stop bringing his dad along to school . 
  lol @ ottoman marches . 
  i wish we had emre or yasin on the bench . 
  so terim wants to hold on to our lead with topal again . 
  what could possibly go wrong . 
  well this is awkward . 
  ouch ... 
  at least he got something along the lines of an mvp award for the group stages , which is nice . 
  then what are you doing in this sub mate ? 
  or because there 's no point for monaco or the vatican to get their asses kicked by everyone else . 
  i 'm glad nicky minaj missed out on this tbh . 
  no fair , that afro just launches the ball into the net for him . 
  more or less what i expected . 
  muslera is underrated as usual imo , but i 'm glad that chedjou has been upgraded at least . 
  a bunch of stupid shit amirite ? 
  source : am from yurop . 
  i wonder why yahoo puts quote marks around ` killed by pkk ' here . 
  i never downvote other people because i do n't agree with their opinion , i only downvote them when their opinion is shit . 
  jokes aside , i see what you mean . 
  let 's all just report trolls if they show up and it 'll be alright . 
   some imaginary internet points, 
  internet points that rate the quality of my puns and my memes . 
  do n't downplay my achievements please . 
  serves you right , you fascist pig !, 
  edit : / s obviously, 
  ` number five will literally blow your mind . ',
