  the resemblance is undenayable . 
  that pass though, 
  i 'm hoping for either a win for besiktas tomorrow or a draw , so we can slowly reclaim the top of the table again . 
  ` wilders the movie ' bedoel je ? 
  hdvjg, 
  that 's good to hear man , the lack of hatred is entirely mutual . 
  it 's a bit of stretch , but i 'm going to claim my tiny bit of crimean tatar ancestry to chime in on the crimean brotherhood club that / u/dshade unknowingly founded . 
  if you live in europe , just do it op . 
  i think people here would just find it a funny shirt . 
  well , i 'm glad to see the progress from , with all due respect , ismail yk to baris manco . 
  at this rate , i 'm sure you 'll see the light and become a galatasaray fan in the near future . 
  i 'm a huge fan as well , here are some of his songs in a [ spotify list . 
  ] ( https://open.spotify.com/user/melih19/playlist/1s204slgucmayilw0txcst ) hope you 'll find something new !, 
  welp , that substantially increases your chances of encountering an angry colombian . 
  maybe it 's better to listen to the other people itt then . 
  i ca n't think of a better way to get my hopes up for this match than seeing hope cloud in the thumbnail . 
  only if changes his username to notjackwarner . 
  dus u bent letterlijk the godfather . 
  plataan of phlox ? 
  lol , i guess you 're right since sinan and poldi are wingers . 
  je ** m ' ** excuse, 
  pretty much what i expected , aside from jose . 
  i hope sinan gets subbed on for umut as early as possible though . 
  the irony is strong with that one . 
  too soon . 
  hdvjg, 
  are they actually resorting to that ` they hate us cause they ai n't us ' narrative ? 
  pathetic . 
  slowly but surely we are getting there . 
  hope jose gets subbed in soon enough . 
  the most reasonable reaction to that sub . 
  do n't hate on him . 
  he just likes to believe he 's drogba . 
  has been confirmed by the club as well . 
  \u015eino is ours . 
  same here , hahah . 
  this is awkward . 
  i agree , sneijder is a great lad . 
  i hope he retires here someday as an absolute legend . 
  by the way , we are only one spot away from the top of the table , yay . 
  balcan ? 
  dit is pas een lifehack haha . 
  true , but the longer he stays the more his moments of brilliance that we will remember him by pile up . 
  i fucking lost it at * drop the bomb !, 
  / u/zerocoolthephysicist , clearly . 
  surely there newsworthy events that are n't upsetting to anyone ? 
  being turkish inspired me to learn turkish . 
  duo , never take sides against the family again . 
  got ta spend that shoebox money somehow . 
  seriously , fuck these people . 
  it seems some people really ca n't handle criticism against their favourite players . 
  he could have still bought in denmark . 
  i love reddit . 
  ( translator 's note : keikaku means plan ), 
  none that i know of , but shitty streams are bound to show up once the match starts . 
  edit : i completely forgot that this is because i have the european version , my bad . 
  yeah , i 'm just watching showtv online as well . 
  do n't forget the memes . 
  i 'll be damned if they do n't acknowledge our memes . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i never got the hype around drake either . 
  that goes to show how shit rappers are nowadays then . 
  what makes drake so ` undisputed ? ', 
  as a law student , i 'm pretty disappointed by this thread . 
  maargoed , fuck hockey . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why is the outcome of kazakhstan - latvia relevant to us ? 
  well in that case , [ mfw ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01781/boratb_1781436b.jpg ), 
  i hope they 'll do their best then , for the sake of ~ ~ arda ~ ~ turanian brotherhood . 
  nostalgia bro , from cruyff era to 1988 to 2010 . 
  holland is definetly the best country that has never won a world cup . 
  edit : and the ` god 's almight team ' is kinda self-proclaimed . 
  ajax call themselves super jews and god 's sons . 
  my stream fucked up , where are y' all watching ? 
  today we did n't even need to use hakan . 
  i got to say it was a good day . 
  the power of kebab exceeds the boundaries of space and time . 
  you do n't honestly think arda turan and co support isis , do you ? 
  \\ #justwildersthings, 
  well , olcan adin is notoriously anti-erdogan , but he does n't get called up anymore . 
  i live in the netherlands and recently moved to holland . 
  it has never bothered me in the slightest . 
  too soon ? 
  hypocriete mods . 
  i did n't receive anything either . 
  when will davuto\u011flu senpai finally notice me ? 
  so we do n't have to play sabri on rb ? 
  of course , my bad . 
  and turkey wants to be a member of anbu black ops !? 
  lol !, 
  start your own party , with blackjack and hookers !, 
  are you actually 14 years old , by the way ? 
  haha , ` bolle ', 
  ( just kidding :p ), 
  * `` as of today back to the future is in the past , the future is poldi . 
  or is it just a podolski . 
  yeah , the stands are pretty empty ... 
  ref was shit and hamza 's subs were off . 
  other than that , gg all the way . 
  why nerdy ?
