  ` where are these people running to ? ', 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  seeing ayran getting the recognition it deserves . 
  location : d\u00fcsseldorf , germany, 
  / u/nietgentleroar is nog vrij, 
  i think so , most non-turkish people find it too sour . 
  is that istanbul ? 
  edit : nvm , i just assumed you went to the stadium by bike . 
  the sad thing is , people in turkey might call you an environmentalist hippie for pointing that out . 
  of course , it 's a shame that istanbul has ( what seems like ) an excessive amount of malls and buildings instead of preserved nature . 
  i hope it 'll work out . 
  there 's little room for disappointment with a cheap young player like this one , and a good chance that he will develop into a great asset . 
  normally i 'm a chp guy but these past few weeks have shown that this country truly needs strong and decisive leadership , the kind which only akp can offer . 
  ideally , i 'd like for telles to stay and become a world class player at galatasaray . 
  but if psg and chelsea both want him , it could earn the club a lot of money . 
  to be honest , i do n't know what the financial situation is like exactly . 
  but i think you 're right , his value should n't decrease within the next year and it might be better not to sell him immediately . 
  in case it was n't clear , that was sarcasm . 
  oh my god ... the hype is real . 
  this announcement means to me what fallout 4 meant for the rest of the world . 
  those two tweets make it perfect . 
  til turks are literally worse than hitler . 
  \u2611 he has dark hair, 
  \u2611 he has a mustache, 
  \u2611 he is literally hitler, 
  their story checks out . 
  i do n't know , to be honest . 
  turks do n't have a great reputation in europe either . 
  are you dutch too , by the way ? 
  your username sounds awfully similar to ` nederland ' . 
  you 're technically correct . 
  i 'll never forget the weird mistakes he made . 
  apparently , their first choice is edin dzeko , but they are considering burak if they ca n't buy dzeko . 
  either that , or we 'll have to play podolski as a striker with telles and yasin as wingers . 
   and im pretty sure our board would want umut somewhere in that attack, 
  * sigh . 
  * i hope we keep burak then . 
  can you at least confirm that you are real ? 
  i hope they try out carole today . 
  damn , that would have been a great goal . 
  it 's fashion bro , where is your sense of style ? 
  check out [ this summary ] ( https://i.imgur.com/esbd5cb.jpg ) . 
  \u00c7olak  quaresma, 
  probably because he celebrated after scoring against us . 
  sinan is amazing man . 
  i ca n't think of any valid excuse not to give him tonnes of playing time, 
  they 'd be crazy to sell him now for only a few million euros . 
  [ and the hype is back on !, 
  discard umut bulut fifa style and problem solved . 
  hell , even charity organisations would support that cause . 
   we do n't smoke weed and speak english all day, 
  we do n't ? 
  ` if you guys do n't buy zlatan , i 'll just have to be zlatan . ', 
  that 's the evilest thing i can imagine . 
  that was quality banter . 
  the article says they offered yekta , sercan , and some money . 
  i do n't think we really need this player , but i suppose there 's no harm in signing him so long as the expenses are reasonable . 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  why would you play him when you have podolski , yasin , sinan , alex telles , and so on ? 
  i rate galatasaray 2/2 european cups . 
  fenerbah\u00e7e on the other hand ... eh , would not watch again . 
  reminds me of a discussion at / r/theneherlands once . 
  somebody advised a foreign op to learn a useful language like french or german instead of dutch , which provoked some indignant reactions . 
  only 1.5 million euros ? 
  even fenerbah\u00e7e earns us more money . 
  what makes them think they are any more secular or republican than us in the first place ? 
  yeah that 's what his reasoning was as well : ` most dutch people speak english , there 's no need to learn dutch . ', 
  if you like language learning however , there 's no harm in learning it, 
  like mertoktn said , there are some false friends between german and dutch ( words that sound similar but have different meanings ) . 
  some examples that come to mind :, 
  ** english - german - dutch **, 
  how - wie - hoe, 
  where - wo - waar, 
  my only concerns are sabri and , possibly , the defensive midfield . 
  nevertheless , i definitely expect us to win here . 
  i wish we would have played this match earlier , but still , a decent result against real madrid combined with the hype of winning the treble should really boost the team 's confidence for the weeks to come . 
  it was funny until i saw konyaspor , now i just feel for them . 
  something i never understood about small subreddits is :, 
   1 readers * ( ~ 5 here ) *, 
  5 out of 1 readers are here ? 
  oh , i see , thanks . 
  congratulations to everyone , for creating and contributing to this community . 
  it 's amazing how the love for galatasaray can bring people from all over the world together on reddit !, 
  i 'm not entirely sure whether it 's a good idea , since it might unnecessarily crowd the sidebar , but i think it might be nice to have a list of suspended or injured players there as well . 
  what do y' all think ? 
  how about announcing the free talk threads in the fixture ? 
  between sivasspor away and the real madrid friendly , the heavily anticipated free talk monday . 
  maybe if you stop threathening / u/apotre about fucking up his design , he can make some links that show the fixture , squad , et cetera by clicking or hovering over them . 
  do n't we all say silly things in a knee-jerk reaction to sneijder 's glory ? 
  what i had in mind was something that would work like the ` important reads ' section of / r/chelseafc 's sidebar or the ` weekly contest ' at / r/realmadrid . 
  as well as a handy catch-all phrase to express dissatisfaction !, 
   the line `` i have always honered the spanish king '' might also refer to the notion that the revolt is not necessarily against at the spanish king himself , but rather at his representatives who were the de facto rulers of habsburg netherlands . 
  that 's how i remember it too . 
  initially , the protests were not directed at the spanish king , but at his representatives who persecuted protestants in the netherlands . 
  at some point , they formally rejected philips as their king because the inquisition kept going , which is called the acte van verlatinge in dutch . 
  i thought austria 's flag was the oldest ? 
   ... and yellow, 
  well i 'm not a doctor but you should probably have someone check that . 
  i 'm not sure , i do n't really follow real madrid . 
  it 'd be weird though if they really give them away every single week .
