  i disagree , riekerink is clearly interested in him to instill some of his ajax philosophy into our squad . 
  he looks like the type of guy who makes clubs offers they ca n't refuse . 
  awesome , i ca n't wait to see him play !, 
  terry and luiz as chelsea 's centre back duo , [ holy shit ] ( http://whatyearisit.info/img/what_year_is_it.jpg ), 
  flair checks out :p, 
  coul n't agree more , i hope they get trashed by mourinho 's united next week . 
  we absolutely need to buy to him somehow . 
  that second article is pretty fucked up . 
  milan have a great history , but it 's hard to justify them benefitting from past succeses . 
  sometimes i wish the champions league would return to being a tournament of actual domestic champions again , so that clubs like galatasaray have a shot at winning the damn thing . 
  at least robben will hopefully recover from his injury , but vincent janssen seems to have officially replaced huntelaar and van persie . 
  sad times ... 
  of course , the real issue is when you do n't have replacements . 
  if only we had a more solid defense to look forward to . 
  you win by default . 
  holy shit , they were n't kidding when they said americans are obsessed with stats . 
  ( inb4 ` montr\u00e9al is canadian ' , i 'm referring to the league ), 
  the mere sight of that thing gave me diabetus . 
  would you be keener on going to sunderland instead ? 
  10/10 mate, 
  \\ #hittitemasterrace, 
  as a dutch turk myself , it 's safe to say that german turks and dutch turks are just as dimwitted as each other . 
  that spin from sneijder though, 
  i get way too hyped up when i see any development related to space , but it 's good news . 
   cruyffs philosophy, 
  well , we 've had at least 60 % possession during our last three games so i guess that 's a good indicator . 
  have you accepted johan cruyff as your lord and savior yet ? 
  somebody should sign that guy !, 
  lmao, 
  eren has been a great surprise so far , i never expected him to be such a prolific striker . 
  he has an amazing record when it comes to penalties though . 
  in fact , i only remember him missing him twice before . 
  it 's like 2013 all over again !, 
  i knew one of them was in a cup game where the pitch was in horrible shape , but he also missed during the penalty shootout at the end of the 13/14 super cup . 
  i guess it does n't count because it was not during regular playtime . 
  i think the only region where xbox has a large market share nowadays is north america . 
  i have an xbox one too but ps4 and pc are much more popular , here in holland at least . 
  these are very reasonable ratings for the most part , given that most people do n't seem to see how phenomenal muslera is . 
  top kek, 
  op 's concept of fun is misery with a grain of ptsd , apparently . 
  so ... a pissed off dude ? 
  besiktas fans often pride themselves on being the loudest and the most loyal fanbase out there , so this is some refreshing introspection . 
  nonsense !, 
  turkey 's economy is skyrocketing , all praise is due to tayyeep . 
   we then got stoned , pretty dope place . 
  i heard the experience of getting stoned in saudi arabia hits you harder than in amsterdam !, 
  it 's probably a bad translation , the turkish interview refers to the league title . 
  mandatory `` your english is fine , dutchies speak it better than native speakers , etc. '', 
  i like how superlig is getting so much coverage ( relatively speaking ) in holland now that fucking 5 dutch internationals are playing for galatasaray and fener . 
  it 's funny how people come around , because they threw the cringeworthiest tantrums when sneijder went to galatasaray . 
  i hope he gets subbed on at least . 
  this game should be a perfect opportunitu for sinan and cavanda to get some playtime . 
  lmao muslera is just amazing, 
  sabri 's defending is appalling , that 's a well known fact . 
  his only redeeming is his crossing but if he 's gon na fuck that up as well , he 's totally useless . 
  ` we 'd totally kick your ass if we tried ! ', 
  i absolutely love all these hilarious by-products of americans trying to chime in on this whole football thing . 
  ` hobbes ' is a great name for a cat . 
   q 's and x 's, 
  this kills the turk, 
  \u00d6z\u0130l !!, 
  martin luther king, 
  flair request : jan de man, 
  and drogba followed shortly after . 
  the hype was unreal . 
  the rest of the world : good luck erdo , have fun, 
  lads , it 's belarus !, 
  let me guess , he wo n't have time for a job due to all the labour they force him to do ? 
  haha , that video is so dramatically sinister . 
  i never even realized duvel could n't be served from tap before . 
  sicilians must have imported the omerta culture from turkey !, 
  i do n't know anything about israeli songs in particular , but some of erkin koray 's song sound very ` arabesque ' ( to me at least ) . 
  great to see turkish rock getting some recognition though . 
  i 'm a huge fan myself and definitely plan on starting a small collection someday . 
  oh i understand you completely . 
  i could listen to cem karaca and erkin koray all day , even though i 've gotten into turkish rock relatively recently . 
  i think it 's credited as jay z and kanye west almost everywhere , but itunes would obviously prefer to list two household names instead of ` the throne ' for commercial purposes . 
  i agree . 
  hopefully if he continues to keep his game up and make a few cl or nt appearances next year , we could either make some serious bank or we 'll have a future legend at our hands . 
  this is great man . 
  out of curiosity , how long did it take to put all of this together ? 
   implying fenerbah\u00e7e has ever been great, 
  ftfy, 
  whoever calls mourinho a coward has yet to see ersun yav\u015fak . 
  ** literally ** all they did after their offside goal was keeping galatasaray at bay . 
  the oxford comma is n't stupid , you heretic . 
  5pm is not a weird time to be high ... 
  ayy , thanks bruv, 
  so where 's the cake at ? 
  bitch , you 're just jealous of our ayran master race swagger . 
  did this guy just compare dersim to trabzon ? 
   today i wan na win us big , like 3-0 big , where i can just sit back and relax . 
  i 'm sorry man , but galatasaray fandom might not be cut out for you . 
  even aziz yildirim has our back : * ne kadar dangalak adamsiniz yaa *, 
  are you really gon na tell reddit you dressed up as bernie without showing pictures ? 
  i am disappointed op . 
  galatasaray fan , actually , but i also like chelsea so i guess i 'm a filthy casual . 
  i 'm not very well versed in oriental memes either , but i appreciate the thought and consideration you put into them . 
  shit ... now * that 's * a distopian horror story . 
  nasil bilinmez amk , they are just being cahil for cahiliyets sake now .
