  haha , that 's great man , thanks . 
  did people see that it was bernie right away ? 
  that 's my favorite as well , looks so fucking sleek . 
  ninja edit : i missed the 3rd kit part , i meant that seasons home kit . 
  goat post, 
  alright guys , which one of you is this ? 
  i 've never heard of this genocide you 're talking about , do n't you mean wwii where serbians were massacred by croatia ? 
  well meme 'd my friend !, 
  go be a \u00e7omar somewhere else . 
  seriously though , they are just dumb as shit , it 's not much of a mystery . 
  who are they missing , aside from lens and topal ? 
  i heard kjaer was injured earlier this week but he 's supposedly ready for the derby . 
  party of justice and development < 3, 
  what is this west ham way you 're speaking off, 
  just vote for wilders and get them deported m8 . 
  your poem is shit . 
  we are fucking shit . 
  cuneyt cakir is an imcompetent twit . 
  shit . 
  one chance . 
  one goal . 
  great ... 
  fucking great teamgoalll, 
  witty grandparents . 
  surnames were introduced by ataturk btw . 
  yep , this is our best result since the antalyaspor game , but our rivals have tougher fixtures for the next few weeks . 
  bjk-ibb is a win-win situation , and i especially hope rize manages to snatch a few points from fener . 
  this kills the group . 
  is there anywhere i can pay 1000 precious oyros to see him behind bars ? 
  such a gutting way to give a goal away ... 
  i love it when pep looks defeated , 
  or , as i like to call it , the playground of diego costa !, 
  so that one time fener advanced past the group stages was literally the only time they made it that far ? 
  i wonder how they even take themselves seriously . 
  member deivid 's goal against chelsea ? 
  dae fenerbahce is great ? 
  [ cem karaca - tamirci \u00c7\u0131ra\u011f\u0131 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kkatcpku2k ), 
  makes me want to lit a cuban cigar and curse capitalism . 
  wait untill you find out we got ourselves ronaldo / s, 
  i must have forgotten it since he 's always benched in favour of y\u00d67 . 
   your money is being wasted somewhere along the way . 
  what a relief !, 
  it 's getting increasingly difficult to tell the difference between news and satire these days ... 
  you da real mvp . 
  yasin 's on fire , your defense is terrified, 
  who we 'll pay royally . 
  i assumed ` bus ' would refer to a tight defense in the context of football , but nope , it 's just burak being a cunt . 
   [ kant ] ( http://www.philosophers.co.uk/immanuel-kant.jpg ), 
  yeah , that one has a decent colour scheme . 
  the other two are pretty hideous though . 
  exactly . 
  that 's what makes it so disturbing . 
   says everything is in colour, 
   it 's literally a black and white video, 
  you 're not fooling anyone , lady !, 
  that should n't stop us if they are actually willing to pay 20 million euros . 
  we could loan a striker for the remainder of the season and buy other reinforcements in the summer . 
  or vat in english, 
  that 's pretty funny , given the fact that naz\u0131m hikmet was the name of one of turkey 's most famous poets . 
   lame impala, 
  lmao , awesome username fam . 
  * ` there 's nothing we can do to stop your tyranny , but i bet you 're not quite powerful enough to obliterate us entirely , now are you ? 
  ftfy, 
  izmir has always been the city with the best quality of life imo , but it seems these \u00e7omars wo n't be satisfied until they drag everyone down the shithole with them . 
   deinstall windows salavista, 
   format drive ( tc , 
   system language : turkish [ tr ], 
   timezone : gmt +2, 
   rehost www.turkiye.gov.tr on devlet servers, 
   password encrypted constitution.html, 
   download ba\u015far esad nod32 anti-tayyip 2023, 
   right-click chp.exe  troubleshoot compatibility  run this program in compatibility mode for : bulent ecevit, 
   ctrl + f '' bor '' in system32 , economy skyrockets, 
   free memes for everyone, 
   launch tusas.exe to mars , inb4 elon musk colonizes it, 
  we should build a wall and let them pay for it . 
  thank you for your contribution !, 
  please , a true shitposter does n't need an additional reward . 
  we believe in the intrinsic value of memes . 
  the turkish education system mostly revolves around memorizing and regurgitating information , it 's no surprise that they perform poorly on questions that involve problem solving . 
  i even miss our crushing defeats against real madrid tbh . 
  i think europe just wields a stockholm syndrome of some sort over us , lol . 
  so long as it 's heading our way , * sure . 
   why do we glorify these people ? 
  they do n't even let woman watch sports . 
  how are we glorifying them ? 
  just a grade a palya\u00e7o being a grade a palya\u00e7o . 
  nothing to see here ... 
  it all makes sense now . 
  the ends justify the means , no matter how godawful the means look . 
   de messias, 
  jessias *, 
  hdvjg, 
  which maicon are we talking about here , inter 's rb from back in the day ? 
  op is talking about a forward but the only forward i can think of is shaktar donetsk 's maicon who died a couple of years ago . 
  my bad , i read that wrong . 
  me too thanks, 
  haha , stay mad karabuk, 
  * `` your love makes me strong , your hate makes me unstoppable . 
  nothing new here tbh .
