  agreed , he 's easily our most prolific attacker at the moment . 
  sounds complicated . 
  i wish there was someone who took initiative and took these decisions for you ... 
  three and a half \u00e7omar, 
  podolski has fully integrated as well . 
  same here , i love it more than the national anthem . 
  bruma hattrick incoming !, 
  you heard it here first . 
  but then again , a large portion of the country nowadays is n't very fond of izmir or ataturk . 
   i was a damn capitalist , startup/entrepreneur minded crazy kid . 
  may marx forgive us all ... 
  tell her your name is devrim and see how excited she gets to overthrow a shitty government . 
  note to turkey : the next time you overthrow your sultanate , make sure to do it the jacobin way . 
  we can literally into space . 
  damn . 
  i love video games too , but these e-sports interviews just look like satire to me . 
  exactly , it 's a bit of a niche still , and i see why gs gets in on it before it becomes an even bigger market , but all this attention is cringeworthy for those who have no interest in it . 
  i can only speak for myself , but i 'll be celebrating . 
  can confirm , turkish swearing is just artistic savagery . 
  i we do n't manage to capitalize on this opportunity , it will be the fuck up of the century . 
  sneijder did n't die for this ... 
  damn you and your realistically low expectations of this team ... 
  honestly regardless of all the different players we 've had during these past few years , it seems like our defense has always been horrendously bad for some reason . 
  we have no chance whatsoever of transcending the standards of turkish football as long as the pressure from the fans for short-term succes persists . 
  ** leftist voters believe the current government 's policies have been liberal rather social , and they ascribe this to the labour party . 
  furthermore , labour used to be a go-to party for immigrants , and they have lost a substantial amount of support from turks and moroccans , because asscher ( minister of social affairs ) released a study implying that the majority of turkish youth supports isis . 
  ** i * assume * they would vote groenlinks , socialist party , or d66 . 
  also , two pvda mp 's of turkish descent have split and formed their own party : denk . 
  i expect them to haul in a seat or two as well . 
  i do n't really have an answer to your other questions , hope someone else can chime in !, 
  sabri you legend !, 
  for fucks sake . . 
  you are getting downvoted by default at this point , but semih has actually been very solid every time i 've seen him play at rb . 
  you 're kurdish right ? 
  is barzani as controversial as tayyip is ? 
  it 's interesting how divided kurdish nationalist movements are among regional/tribal lines , but it also makes it confusing at times . 
  i understand there 's a barzani/talabani division , but why would there be animosity between barzani and kck ( by which i assume you mean pkk ) ? 
  that 's a beautifully worded description tbh . 
  i , for one , believe granting rights to robots could be our best shot at buying ourselves some goodwill so that the robot overlords of the future might show us some mercy . 
  i 'm afraid the secret robot committee is very adamant about that part . 
  it 's non-negiotable . 
  the game has n't even started yet and our team is already a shitshow . 
  of course , we 'll just have to wait and see how it turns out . 
   q : what is strategic management ? 
  there is no strategy abi bam bam bam, 
  so fucking typical ... 
  these are great too . 
  noone is safe from satire . 
  / u/ghostdog1905 should browse some / r/wholesomememes, 
   damn . 
  that guy looks like an italian mafiosi . 
  that 's because he looks like joe pesci . 
  i did n't get to watch this game , but going by what i read it was a marathon of frustration . 
  i regret nothing . 
  risky investment of the day . 
  best sympathiek !, 
  savage ... 
  are you implying social sciences are useless ? 
  spend enough time here , and you 'll become the next wolf of meme street . 
  please tell me they are intentionally being ironic ... 
  1000 idealiters . 
  the message they are sending is ` fuck you , secularists ' . 
   you are n't supposed to become a messi by using this and drinking beer in your couch  ), 
  disappoint . 
  you two are adorable :'), 
   supporting liberalism, 
   turning a blind eye to akp 's fascism, 
  choose one . 
  * revoluci\u00f3n intensifies *, 
  too bad , because i fully appreciated his message up to that point . 
  dae no man 's buy ? 
  maybe turkey will seem secular again on an acid trip . 
   they hate us cuz they anus, 
  i 'm very tolerant when it comes to shitposting , but even i am disappoint . 
  in which dutch city do you live , and how often do you go on holiday to turkey ? 
  ulkucu , it 's not nice to call someone stupid . 
  this is what i 'm wondering as well . 
  i 'm not looking to spend a lot of money on a watch anytime soon , but this one looks absolutely stunning . 
  for further reference though , how hard is it to find vintage watches like these in good condition ? 
  is there anything in particular to beware of when buying an old watch ? 
  a quick google search returned several results around $ 500 , but op 's watch seems to be in much better condition , so hence my question . 
  that 's a great looking watch as well , definitely one to consider !, 
  i wonder why they named it bambino though , it means kid in italian . 
  thanks for the recommendation , your intimidating french copy pasta is hereby forgiven , haha . 
  i 'm not british , but i 'm an avid shitposter willing to support this noble cause !, 
  i think the style used in this post is pretty cool for a modern brand , but not for a european club with a long history like juventus or galatasaray . 
  our red and yellow letters should be left untouched imo , but the oval shape of our crest could be changed to accomodate the 4 stars better . 
  that 's why i 'm really fond of sleek white jerseys , the letters in our logo pop out more . 
  that makes sense . 
  i thought chalobah was secretly a francophone belgian or something , and that courtois made fun of his dutch for that reason . 
  galatasaray sk is an association which holds the majority of the shares in galatasaray as . 
  it should technically be possible to sell shares to a foreign investor , but i personally hope it does n't come to that . 
  that 's what i meant with association . 
   ' i swear honey , i 'll break your nose ', 
  that makes zero sense . 
  haha , i understand , we have our fair share of trash in holland as well . 
  i just thought that was an actual line from a song , that would be even weirder . 
  i cringed . 
  does that count ? 
  edit : what 's up with the empty stands ?
