  awesome , thanks for sharing !, 
  wtf ... 
  absolutely miserable display . 
  our defense has been inadequate all season but it 's even worse when chedjou is n't playing . 
  i 'm waiting for burak 's future at the club to be clarified , and wonder who we would get as a replacement . 
  either way , i hope he perfoms well in the premier league if he 's indeed heading for whufc . 
  we 've had an incredible run with him in europe , and he will be remembered forever , but it might be time to move on . 
   have not been impressed by donk at all this game , failed to come up big and stop attacks . 
  fucked up a lot of plays and even though it 's his second official game , i feel he wo n't fill that void melo left behind . 
  same , we fucked up here . 
  considering melo 's age and importance to our play , we should have foreseen the trouble of finding proper replacement and taken measures instead of buying donk 6 months after melo left . 
  in the midst of all these tensions with russia , cemilev might actually gain spectacular support from turkish nationalists . 
  it 'd be perfect . 
  i know a good pun but i 'll soviet for later . 
  it must be the weather, 
  [ son visage quand ] ( https://www.cheap-flyer-printer.com/shop/product_images/l/arsne%20wenger__26510.jpg ), 
  [ ldp cat ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/84/8e/32/848e3257cffcf9478a06a5bad99c781c.jpg ), 
  me too thanks, 
  i agree . 
  there 's somewhat of a balance in taste between the cheese and the sugar . 
  * please , * as if we 'd ever let him leave . 
   dutch far right politcian opens anti-polish hotline, 
  there are no girls on the internet man , that 's a well established fact . 
  at the time i just wanted galatasaray to be champions already , and did n't like the fact that the other clubs got another shot at winning the league . 
  i assume you mean interesting as in eccentric . 
   for a better world , bernie sanders . 
  agreed . 
  this basically could have been a slogan for his campaign . 
  thanks . 
   fightclub, 
  what a beast !, 
  * batman, 
  umut actually did everything right for a split second, 
  oh well , i was just impressed because he got to the ball first and kept possesion, 
  i want you to leave tbh, 
  he 's the striker they deserve, 
  exactly . 
  if weed were to be legalised in turkey right now , the government would be shunned as degenerate junkies by a substantial part of the population . 
  fresku, 
  ugh , how rude . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  also , our potential opponent in the semifinals will be the winner of the ba\u015fak\u015fehir - rizespor match , so at least we 've got that going for us . 
  that 's what it said on ligtv . 
  this cup might be the only thing we can win this season . 
  oh right , we could win both . 
  a national cup and a supercup would n't be bad at all considering our performance in the league , but i 'm afraid it 'll temporarily please the fans and we 'll all just move on to the next season without taking any adequate measures to improve our play . 
  last season was n't all that great either but we were all too busy celebrating the fourth star to be critical of our play throughout the year , so to speak . 
  not offensive at all in modern usage . 
  it 's just a historic reference . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  i can still barely believe it . 
  mourinho and the ` old guard ' were the faces of chelsea to me . 
  next year 's squad is going to seem entirely different to me once terry is gone as well . 
  * high five *, 
  are you a gomunis fam ? 
  now he 's shitposting in heaven . 
  rip, 
  same , i absolutely love this one . 
  it 's one of those songs that make you wish there would be hundreds of similar songs with the same feel to it . 
  to me , pes is exclusively acceptable when you want to play casual matches against each other in turkey . 
  for everything else , there 's fifa . 
  there 's no way denizli would get away with benching sinan at this point . 
  so i think we 're good in that regard . 
  the only thing i 'm wary of is umut . 
  hopefully we 'll try a line-up with sinan , poldi and yasin/olcan/a youth player up front . 
  definitely , but i have n't been able to find many turkish rock songs as good as this one ( in my opinion ) . 
  check out ince ince by selda ba\u011fcan in case you did n't know that one yet . 
  i do n't think so tbh , there are very few players who can effectively pull off the false 9 role . 
  as weird as it may sound , swiss german sounds incredibly close to dutch to me , more so than standard german . 
  i wonder why this is the case though . 
  historic regions/kingdoms further away from holland , like prussia or bavaria , must have been * very * different from the dutch dialects and these regions might have had a larger influence on standard german . 
  i do n't know what characterizes wallis , so i do n't know how they compare to limburg . 
  granted , these youtube videos make it seem as if everything he touched turned into gold , but he was in incredible form back then . 
  \u2611 rekt, 
  it could work , but in all likelihood we will just keep failing miserably and the remainder of the season will be marked by umut and despair . 
  holy shit op , i thought you were just making lame pokemon references at first but i love this shit . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i think most media were pretty favourable about erdogan back then.anyway , the article is a bit too long for a reddit comment , but here you go :, 
  turkey is performing well below its potential, 
  feb 6th 2016 | from the print edition, 
  `` the people have voted for stability , '' proclaimed president erdogan after his party 's electoral landslide in november . 
  the markets applauded , too . 
  istanbul 's stock index jumped and the turkish lira rose against the dollar , both reversing long slides . 
  year-end indicators showed an upward trend in gdp growth , from a rate of around 3 % to nearer 4 % . 
  but business euphoria quickly faded . 
  stability certainly beats chaos or months of coalition haggling , the markets seemed to say , but if stability means `` more of the same '' , we are not so sure . 
  that may seem a churlish reaction . 
  turkey has made great economic strides in the past 15 years . 
  it has become a trusted supplier of high-quality consumer goods and is now europe 's biggest manufacturer of television sets and light commercial vehicles . 
  its capital goods pass muster in germany for their precision . 
  turkey is also the world 's eighth-biggest food producer and sixth-most-popular tourist destination . 
  forty-three of the top 250 international construction firms are turkish . 
  moreover , turkish business has often proved nimble . 
  ten years ago the country 's textile industry was foundering , priced out by east asia , but it has since discovered a lucrative niche supplying higher-quality goods to europe on shorter time scales . 
  as prospects in the middle east have dimmed , turkish contractors have switched to markets such as russia and africa . 
  the ak party is justly proud of having presided over plunging inflation , shrinking sovereign debt and a jump in exports ( by a whopping 325 % in the ten years to 2012 ) . 
  however , most of those things were achieved a while back . 
  between 2002 and 2007 turkey 's economy expanded by an average of 6.8 % a year , but since then it has been more volatile . 
  over the past decade , annual average growth has been a modest 3.5 % . 
  income per person has barely been rising for the past four years .
