  edit : apparantly , they have a prediction contest throughout the season , where they give a prize to the winner . 
  the ` weekly contest ' section is a reflection of who had the most accurate predictions of the current week . 
  and we still worry about our cl campaign this year . 
  true , but that was mostly because of prandelli . 
  i may be too optimistic , but i hope we 'll do alright this time . 
  i know hamza did n't manage to improve things immediately , but i do n't see any other choice than hoping he 'll do better this season . 
  it would unreasonable to fire hamza at this point and expect a new trainer , who does n't even know the team , to take things from here and succeed in the cl . 
  so who do you suggest we should get ? 
  i assume you 're talking about a right-back , defensive midfielder , and maybe a striker ? 
  honestly , i think he 's one of the best youngsters in turkey that we could pick up . 
  if they accept the offer you described , that would be a great transfer on our part . 
  no more excuses . 
  / r/galatasaray reddit ` den men edilsin !, 
  i like chelsea , but that 's mainly because of the players and mourinho , so nothing like the way i love galatasaray as a club . 
  edit : are there any clubs , aside from those in the superlig , that you guys ca n't stand ? 
   because i hate my life . 
  how did that lead to supporting toronto fc ? 
   ajax, 
  * downvotes disapprovingly *, 
  out of curiousity , why newcastle united ? 
  playoffs of what ? 
  sorry i do n't watch mls . 
  they should plan friendlies with fenerbah\u00e7e sometime . 
  it sounds like they 'd understand eachother 's pain . 
  heh , milanista and barcelona cul\u00e9 confirmed . 
  on the other hand , we already have jose . 
  so ozan might not have been necessary in the first place . 
  trying very hard to be liked by our fans , the cunt . 
  so all it took for / r/turkey to go downhill apparently was a few prominent users to leave . 
  great , i 'd like to participate too . 
  honestly , if it 's gon na happen , it might as well be done conveniently right ? 
  it 's okay , none of us do < 3, 
  bring in carole already . 
  edit : i just turned it back on , my bad . 
  well at least i can say i fully believed in you . 
  if anyone 's gon na save us , it 'll be l10nel carole . 
  poldi finally !, 
  umut if you score now you are literally better than van persie !, 
  he will be the new king of / r/galatasaraycirclejerk, 
  hh said the decision was entirely a tactical one . 
  i guess , but i do n't see why we should start with olcan instead of him . 
  unless hh picks carole and rodriguez over bilal and sabri from now on , we are most definetly fucked . 
  i agree , though i 'd rather have carole on the right and telles on the left . 
  i do n't want to have to choose between sabri and tarik dammit . 
  woah , where did that come from all of a sudden ? 
  i mean , what does meunier or teixeira have to offer that sabri does n't ? 
  yeah , you 're right , sorry . 
  the next frank underwood . 
  making him basically our arjen robben at csgo . 
  i 'm hoping for a decent match to boost the morale of the team , but if real madrid shows any effort whatsoever , they 'll destroy us . 
  maintaining the team 's * denge . 
  op is a phony . 
  this is clearly kishi messing with us . 
  let 's just hope that rule will become a distant memory . 
  3.5 million is a bargain . 
  emenike was their best striker ever , after guiza . 
  / u/apotre had a table of that . 
  the money we saved by terminating contracts exceeded the money we spent . 
  if volkz refers to volkan , does 19 refer to \u00c7orum or umut bulut ? 
   messi, 
  i guess you could say that my umut bulut guess was n't that far of then , lol . 
  lol, 
  it seems as if every other talented youngster in turkey is given a nickname and compared to world class players by the media . 
  is sneijder gon na be our pirlo today or something ? 
  according to [ this survey ] ( http://imgur.com/a/wgexh#5 ) that was conducted over a year ago , 90 % of our userbase speaks turkish . 
  i try to find an english link whenever i post something though . 
  [ i 'd like to survey the public opinion on whether we need another survey . 
  well his main competitor for the rb spot is sabri , so at least he 's got that going for him . 
  i do n't know man , maybe he 's confident that he will get to play anyway because he feels like he 's the best we have . 
  exactly , he did his very best to gain fatih terim 's approval a few years ago , when his spot was taken over by ebou\u00e9 . 
  so he 's basically mario jardel . 
  has netspor.tv stopped working or is it just me ? 
  i missed the goal . 
  i hope ronaldo does n't hurt us . 
  i still have n't recovered from last year . 
  nice pass from podolski, 
  bale reminds me of beckham with this haircut . 
  madrid 's next best brit . 
  how can we not create chances against sivasspor , or any team that ends with ` spor ' for that matter , if we play like this against real madrid . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  i really hope to see this more often from now on . 
  do n't break the circlejerk . 
  if we do it within the next five minutes , we could even turn this match around . 
  it 's official : arda went to bar\u00e7a to gather intel for galatasaray . 
  jose , jese , and james rodriguez . 
  it 's as if somebody at real madrid scouted youth players and adopted them . 
  thank you offside flag < 3, 
  in their defense , neither will any of his teammates . 
   like fenerbahce runs after the 4 *, 
  savage, 
  why , it 's not like we took out umut ? 
  well fuck . 
  their defense attacks better than ours can defend . 
  honestly , i think a few proper transfers could do us wonders . 
  if we had a decent rb , we 'd be more than ready for the league . 
  i like emre too . 
  he 's a pretty versatile player , so it 's nice to have him on the bench . 
  clearly , that is nobody at all at rb . 
  shut up , we 're not dense !, 
  which is pretty funny , considering that they basically awarded us a cup for losing a game against them .
