i 've been to germany , austria , sweden , and denmark . 
  albania is what you want . 
  trust me . 
  bernkastel-kues weinfest , first weekend of every september - especially for the fireworks show on saturday night . 
  such partying the rest of the world has never known !, 
  beautiful town , river cruises , music , food , and wine being sold and consumed on every street and side street in town . 
  it is a drunken spectacle that somehow never gets out of hand . 
  comrade , deploy the mobile sa-11 buk surface-to-air missile just back from the ukraine !, 
  well , let 's see : no blatant grammatical errors , no mispelled words , correct use of punctuation - i do believe that your post is far more literate than most i read in purely american threads . 
  i was once told that you could insult a german by calling him either a `` schwein '' or a `` hund '' , but if you really wanted to insult him bad you would call him a `` schweinehund '' or `` pig-dog '' . 
  why in the world would two countries whose names sound almost identical choose flags that look almost identical ? 
  but we have to vote for the right lizard so that the wrong lizard does n't get in . 
  as a person who ran for state office as a third party candidate , i corroborate fwendly-mushwoom 's statement that the u.s. 's two party system is a direct result of fptp voting and is a completely inescapeable result . 
  this article does not mention any motive for kidnapping and holding these women . 
  there is no mention of sexual molestation . 
  there is no mention of forced work . 
  obviously , they were feeding these women . 
  what possible motive could they have had ? 
  the meaning of art lies in the viewer , not in the artist . 
  when i look at this image , i do n't see a commemoration of russian atrocity in 1945 , i see an image of post-war ussr holding down by force a country that is about to bear fruit and adding further humiliation and injury by the act of rape . 
  i have been to poland and have polish ancestry . 
  from what i have seen of today 's poland , i have great hope that the fruit promised seventy years ago is quickly ripening now and will be mature soon . 
  i lived in germany in the early 80 's and remember nicole 's `` ein bisschen frieden '' got played over and over and over on the radio . 
  bap was pretty big back then as well . 
  yes , your average american is really that ignorant of geography : [ kellie pickler does n't know where budapest is ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cey35bbwxls ) . 
  hey !, 
  i heard that . 
  all i can say is that i 've spent several weeks in france , and have been to many destinations , and as an american , i 've always been treated very well - even in paris , but especially in the countryside . 
  also , i do n't speak a lick of french . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks !, 
  they provide the money to bail everybody else out . 
  i 've visited 29 european countries in the past six years . 
  in the rare cases where english failed , gestures , hand signs , tone of voice , etc have succeeded perfectly . 
  you ca n't really hold a meaningful conversation this way , but i 've never had any problem getting directions , ordering a meal , or booking a room . 
  i remember a tour guide in edinburgh tell me that in the middle ages , edinburghers emptied their chamber pots into the streets . 
  rain subsequently washed the poop out to sea . 
  so much poop made it to the sea that it eventually extended the coastline , creating new land . 
  the guide told us this new land was called `` england '' . 
  the cycle continues . 
  when i was in cordoba last year , i visited the christian cathedral built in the middle of a former mosque that was built over a demolished christian church . 
  you see the same thing all over spain , or any other region that has changed hands between muslims and christians . 
  what 's up with the baltic states ? 
  they seem to be doing quite well . 
  my wife and i had some last night !, 
  it 's kind of like macaroni and cheese , but 100 times better . 
  i love me some k\u00e4sesp\u00e4tzle . 
  one thing she forgot to add for german bread : if you eat a sandwich , and at the end , your gums are not bleeding , it was not good german bread . 
  to an american , an italian accent is absolutely beautiful . 
  personally , when i visit italy , italians open their mouths and music always comes out . 
  looks more like a `` do not enter '' sign . 
  i guess i want to avoid being observed by you . 
  american living in germany here . 
  i 'm a civilian working for an american company with a contract with the u.s. military . 
  i lived here from 1981-1984 , and now since 2007 . 
  in the 1980 's , i moved here primarily because it would significantly increase my pay . 
  i did very little travelling , failed to learn the language , and pretty much ignored the history . 
  that was when i was in my early 20 's . 
  this time is much different . 
  i moved here for several reasons : one being imminent layoff if i had stayed in the states , but also because i had discovered an excitement for european culture and history in general , and german culture and history specifically . 
  even before i knew i would be moving here , i learned the language ( not an easy thing for a 50-something monolingual living in a monolingual culture ) . 
  this time around , i 've travelled extensively and have now hit 24 countries . 
  wherever i go , i learn the history before going , avoid the tourist traps ( as much as possible ) , stay in bed and breakfasts , and try to embed myself in local culture . 
  i love living in europe and would stay here indefinitely , if possible , but alas , the contract will end in a year or two , and the wife wants to live nearer the children . 
  it will look nice when they take the scaffolding down . 
  as well as latin america, 
  okay , another `` worse problem '' is the influence of corporations in u.s. politics . 
  this influence is quite tiny in europe compared to the u.s. 
  i live in germany , and because of the structure of the government here , it is hard to even imagine how a corporation could influence politics at all . 
  no wonder the vikings were such a terror !, 
  i got the joke wrong . 
  i thought the nations were upset because the u.s. was addressing them in english rather than their native language , e.g. 
  `` hello germany '' instead of `` hello deutschland '' . 
  yes sir !, 
  dictatorship naturally arises out of democracy , and the most aggravated form of tyranny and slavery out of the most extreme liberty . 
  - plato rip america, 
  i enjoy just about everything i see on n24 . 
  also , easy for a german-as-a-second-language viewer to understand . 
  in the past five years , i 've visited 23 european countries . 
  if i had to pick one city to live in , it would be ljubljana . 
  the country is beautiful and the city is laid-back . 
  close to mountains and beaches . 
  people are friendliest in ireland - but maybe that 's just because i 'm a yank . 
  i think i know why norway is so thin . 
  last august in oslo , a big mac was $ 8 , a beer at a local pub was $ 8 . 
  a cheesburger and fries on a plate at a waterfront restaurant was $ 25 . 
  maybe that says more about the purchasing power of the dollar these days . 
  i see `` world war ii '' made it in the english top ten . 
  no doubt this is because of people like me trying to verify that the `` hitler '' page is a mere five links or less from any random wikipedia page . 
  in a hundred tries , i 've never found one that took more than five clicks , and i usually end up going through the `` wwii '' page to get there . 
  could you elaborate , please ? 
  polo shirt , baseball cap . 
  there are languages other than english ? 
  germany ( and other eu nations ) is confronting problems that the united states has encountered for the past 200 + years - how to assimilate immigrants from very diverse origins . 
  it will be very difficult for germany if they want to keep their culture `` intact '' . 
  since america had no culture of its own to begin with , it opened the floodgates and the resulting melting pot ended up being its culture . 
  certainly , european nations are long established , and do not want to lose their cultural inheritance ( with which i agree ) , so hence today 's problem . 
  romanians ( like spaniards , greeks , etc ) are attracted by jobs from this mighty industrial engine . 
  might as well try to keep the tide at bay . 
  maybe the resulting cultural change will be beneficial .
