  i remember when reddit as a whole was quite left wing and then i guess everyone left university and suddenly everyone and their nan was super right wing . 
  not to mention how everyone fuckin ' fell in love with ron paul because there was a suggestion he 'd legalise weed . 
  christ i hate reddit i just wish i knew how to spend time without it again . 
  a lot of people here need to learn to read a map too - i did say we were n't polyglots . 
  hmmm . 
  maybe you need to consult a map . 
  well , the english are n't polyglots . 
  and drink up ze zider . 
  i remember first hearing about them , something terribly beautiful about them . 
  each marks where 1 or more people [ died ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarajevo_rose ) . 
  not really something i could imagine happening so recently . 
  easier than welsh . 
  less plotting world domination , more cleaning toilets . 
  looks like res nightmode . 
  my uni has two pubs and has a nightclub every year during fresher 's until they realise no-one goes to it and they shut it down again . 
  nothing sexier than a sense of disapointment, 
  lies , he only eat meal worms . 
  but when people lie they add too much detail to make it convincing, 
  well we 're not having you work together on the church module i know that . 
  apparently new model army are a bit more popular in germany than here in the uk , but they did have [ a song about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es7bgswq1_g ), 
  gr8 b8 m8 . 
  now get out . 
  good , would n't want to be known as a nation of slackers now . 
  damn , 6/7, 
  suzy 's moved on bro , you need to stop waiting for her . 
  i saw her and mark the other day man . 
  0 fatalities for exploding a 20t bomb in the middle of westminster ? 
  fat chance . 
  tartan paint , bag of nail holes , the eternal search for a bank holiday with barbecue weather . 
  he was a bit of a pain in the neck . 
  yeah but i bet your houses are built for it and have ac . 
  nowhere near anywhere 40c . 
  and a large chips, 
  i 'd say let people put their messages in whatever language they want . 
  but if i ca n't read them i 'm probably not going to spend long trying to translate them . 
   german is the main language of approximately 95 to 100 million people in europe , or 13.3 % of all europeans , being the second most spoken native language in europe after russian ( with 144 million speakers ) , above french ( with 66.5 million ) and english ( with 64.2 million ) . 
  however  according to a survey published in 2006 , 13 % of eu citizens speak english as their native language . 
  another 38 % of eu citizens state that they have sufficient skills in english to have a conversation , so the total reach of english in the eu is 51 % not the guy from above , definitely do n't think you 're a nazi for your opinion and if we were only talking native language you 'd be quite right . 
  i ca n't tell what the kamenska one is , overgrown with trees ( which i guess is the point ? ) . 
  some extra-ordinary shapes , if anyone lives nearby and could make a 3d picture for / r/crossview ( or at the least take a couple of perspectives for me to put together ) , i 'd really appreciate it . 
  i 'm with the frenchy on this one . 
  more boars more rural more conservative . 
  if poland is similar to the uk . 
  ca n't click the link am on mobile . 
  could low and high be quantified ? 
  inheriting money from your parents = success ? 
  had had is my favourite little stumbling block . 
  how did you ... you have england flair 2 comments up but swiss here ? 
  time units !, 
  your brackets are the [ wrong way around ] ( https://www.google.co.uk ), 
  well the cold war does seem to be warming back up again , displays of military strength et al. 
  and that 's bulgaria you 're talking to . 
  it 's made of people , the lead is merely a tool . 
  well then we need to hit the critical point where we transition over to a fully mechanised workforce and a leisure culture . 
  but sadly the profits are only going to flow one way , away from the people . 
  the eu parliament cafeteria is reportedly serving escargot and frog 's legs , leading many uk eu mps to complain and stay home . 
  the request to serve rosbif was met with a declaration of war from the french . 
  i 'd have thought that would make them think well of the germans and poor of their governments . 
  interesting how younger americans see germany as less of a reliable ally . 
  well it 's probably true , how many non-british elections did i pay attention to ? 
  how many does anyone outside their own country ? 
  barack obama and francois hollande , only two that spring to mind in the last 10 years . 
  but nige is a man of the people , and totally was n't a wanker banker for years . 
  my kind of people, 
  61.5 % youth unemployment in , andalucia , the shooting sights in the days of ' 39 , oh , please leave , the ventana open federico lorca is dead and gone not quite the same ring . 
  there 's even graffiti in pompeii which says something to the ends of `` i 've got a bloody gert weiner '', 
  i = 1 while i < 2 : upvote i = i +1, 
  on first reading i thought we 'd have to sic the pope on them . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htpvkhzvdii either my earwax just melted or my ears are bleeding . 
  put a donk on it, 
  and the west country . 
  welcome to the world of 2 weeks ago . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://vimeo.com/68567588 ) . 
  quite a long way in , but the video is definitely worth it . 
  some people say that when the calendar runs out , the world will end . 
  others think that portugal will sink into the sea . 
  i ca n't help but feel there was some phototrickery going on there . 
  for us student types ( or for me at least ) , it 's 4 weeks . 
  what 's going on with greenland ? 
  you fell victim to one of the classic blunders - the most famous of which is `` never get involved in a land war in asia '' . 
  depends how good you are , practice makes perfect . 
  my last name 's very much part of a watercourse , am i a river ? 
  anything north of the mouth of the severn . 
  got ta catch 'em all, 
  that 's ~ 1km/minute vertically , ~ 11km/minute horizontally . 
  i disagree with plummet , but certainly went down at a high velocity . 
  if my mental trig is correct that 's about 6 degrees below the horizontal . 
  [ the d\u00f8 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaxmgid3ntq ), 
  heck i just want somewhere to be whilst it 's dark i do n't mind how it looks . 
  soton -  london tomorrow afternoon , watch a gig , back in soton by 7am friday . 
  yay guess where i 'm sleeping tomorrow night, 
  i like coch ( the red castle ) , went there as a kid and forgot entirely about it until i recognise the interior stairs in doctor who . 
  cardiff and caerphilly both have beautiful ruins , proper functional castles . 
  pfft no defensive outer walls at all . 
  i could storm that with a pack of dogs and a rubber ring . 
  i found it quite striking considering i come from one of the very rural english areas and we still have quite large populations comparably . 
  are our counties just bigger ? 
  i 'm a cynic man , but someone just happened to be snapping pictures as a guy gave his shoes away ? 
  looks nice does n't it , some verdant tropical mountain , rising from the seabed ... lubeck 's an active volcano , just east from a former caldera , the sea plummets to the deep around the island , bar the hannoverian reefs , the island of bremen sits just on the horizon ... 
  i wish the picture were bigger and without labels so i could imagine some more .
