he was stunned with a taser and arrested at the scene during the early hours of thursday but later died . 
  looks like [ he 's died ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-south-east-wales-29947935 ) . 
  so british people are ruining britain ? 
  i always suspected . 
  so if `` poor-eea '' is giving # 4.96 b , and `` eea total '' is giving # 4.4 b , does that mean `` rich-eea '' is taking -0.56 b ? 
  do n't forget the cheddar . 
  hopefully the trees wo n't look like that . 
  i do n't know , surely the blind are the easiest to hide things from . 
  i believe some at least have already been sold ( just not sent off ) . 
  my stepmum 's getting one . 
  who the hell was guessing that 1/4 teenage girls have had a kid ? 
  or 1/4 of the population was foreign ? 
  or 1/3 of the population was muslim ? 
  or that 1/2 of the population was  65 ? 
  that 's with averaging as well !, 
  not constantinople ? 
  it 's hardly occupation if no-one goes there . 
  besides , they had a vote and chose to stay . 
  it 's hardly palestine up there , there has n't been any missles in the last half hour . 
  then we must find those responsible for preventing the cause of justice and take whatever measures we must . 
  we do n't shoot people surrendering . 
  we do n't shoot prisoners . 
  if they want to lay down arms and come quietly , then they are prisoners of war and will be tried accordingly . 
  it 's been 65 years since the geneva conventions . 
  justice is the equal application of law . 
  western democracy is based upon the concept of justice . 
  justice is not a summarary execution , it is a rehabiliatory prison term and a chance to be forgiven for your mistakes . 
  anyone here any good at quantum physics ? 
  wrong side of europe . 
  because guns do n't kill people . 
  to keep their economy afloat . 
  they installed trolls under the bridge . 
  i feel like kerry katona is not some nazi ubermensch . 
  still , education up until when maths is no longer compulsory is about building a base of knowledge so people can go on to become whoever they want to . 
  personally , i blame the french . 
  the number 4 killed my dog . 
  the country is , the elites are n't . 
  i doubt if merkel , or cameron or anyone at the top , even know anyone being hurt by it all . 
  i 'd murder for a tikka masala right now . 
  we do have all the hicks though , so we fit into bible belt that way . 
  you 're presuming that the quality of a school is the only factor affecting education - in reality there 's a miriad of out of school factors as well . 
  i would direct you to some marxist sociological theories , but it 's been years since i did any sociology . 
  except there is n't equality of opportunity , the affect wealth has on education ( and therefore everything else ) is sickening . 
  i 'm from a working class area , but now at uni - it 's like the ratios of working class : middle class have been overturned in a year . 
  i really feel like an outlier for being poor . 
  well that 's because rotterdam is anywhere , anywhere alone . 
   down with this water thing genius . 
  then they came for the cats and i spoke up because this is reddit . 
  accurate . 
  that is merely a convenient co-incidence . 
  mostly they speak english , and hate every moment of it . 
  it 's part of the reason we refuse to learn other languages , we love to see them suffer . 
  i drinks my tea as i like it . 
  i never understand the snobbery around tea . 
  it tastes good , drink it as appeals to you . 
  one when you wake up , just to take the edge of off the harsh reality that is life . 
  chase that one down with another , just to make sure it takes effect . 
  dress , shower , make yourself presentable to the general public , have another cup of tea just so you can blend in with them . 
  might as well have some breakfast , another cup 'd go nice with that . 
  get to work/school/university / job centre , good job for making it , i think you deserve a cup of tea . 
  made it halfway through the morning , that deserves another . 
  lunchtime , may as well , not going to get a chance to leave this desk any time soon anyways . 
  someone 's brewing up , may as well get in on it . 
  mid afternoon , you 've set the precendent so that 's another . 
  may as well get one more in whilst it 's someone else 's leccy bill and sugar . 
  get home , may as well have another one , since you 're here . 
  one whilst cooking dinner , another whilst eating it . 
  some yank 's saying something derogatory on the internet , i 'll show him by walking away and having another brew . 
  old man from next door 's come around to ask about fixing his tv again , may as well offer him one whilst he 's here , and one for yourself . 
  you fix the tv , he offers you another , you accept out of a sense of polite duty and also because you need it . 
  get back home , watch another terrible episode of dr who , drown sorrows in tea mug . 
  news at 10 , and some horrible thing has happened somewhere to someone . 
  let 's escape that but getting another packet of lovely warmness inside . 
  off to bed soon , may as well have one more for good dreams . 
  that 's 19 cups of tea in a day , and if you 're having 2 teaspoons of sugar ( like any sensible person ) , you 're 1/3 of the way to your rda calorific intake off that alone . 
  you piss twice a minute and you burn through teabags and sugar like nobodies business . 
   the present situation of democracy , liberalism , religious tolerance etc as a historical aberration to be corrected / s ? 
  nor 're ? 
  i 'm from one of the more rhotic areas of the uk , so all my rs flow into one another in speech and i type as i talk . 
  nor 're the giant squids . 
  very happy/pleased ? 
  sounds like it is in belgium too . 
  i thought i saw before that icloud was enabled by default ? 
  you have them too ? 
  go to open days yo , nothing 's more important that getting a feel for somewhere . 
  sounds closer to sip than slurp , a slurp 'd be like pouring down soup , got some thickness to it . 
  no matter how tempting . 
  and white bread , toasted . 
  was talking to a norwegian friend earlier , it cost him ~ # 36 for a pizza delivery . 
  i could 've gotten 4 bigger pizzas delivered for that . 
  it has been ( quite literally ) half my life . 
  i am quite over it all . 
  the statistic that 's always worried me , is that ~ 80 % of men at age 30 're in a long term commited relationship . 
  men who spent their teenage years without their mothers , it 's more like 20 % . 
  been years since i saw that stat but it always worries me . 
  my father fought and lost , and it took another 5 years , in which i was physically and emotionally abused before she decided she did n't want us anymore and we went to him . 
  i 'd like to thank the courts for my crooked nose , but i know i am who i am for what i 've been through . 
  it was a quid last year . 
  i blame the tories somehow . 
  have you had old bristolian from the apple ( boat pub ) ?
