hey , believe me , as a russian ex-pat , there are some serious issues there . 
  but i 'm not commenting on russia . 
  there 's a difference between `` showing some teeth '' and purposely punishing nations for leaving . 
  hollande resembles the bitter ex-girlfriend who hope his ex fails miserably . 
  as in a relationship , a party has ever right to leave if they are unhappy with the situation and have made attempts to fix it . 
  the uk may have made a decision no one is pleased with , but cut ties and move on . 
  stop this punishing nonsense . 
  if you have to engage in punishing methods to prove your organization is great , then maybe it 's not so great after all . 
  if the eu were as great as hollande thinks it is , he would n't have to seek punishment on the uk to prove its legitimacy . 
  this whole speech wreaked of someone who does n't have confidence in the product itself . 
  he has to overcompensate instead . 
  uk , congrats on leaving this bonehead . 
  seems a bit high , if you ask me . 
  also do n't want to see russian . 
  read the article . 
  all religious symbols are banned . 
  not sure if you 're confused by the definition of hypocrisy , but that 's not it . 
  sorry to burst the bubble on your jew rant . 
  why do you seem so fixated on jews ? 
   that 's a retarded argument fabricated by western islamaphobes according to islam women are never at fault when they 're attacked . 
  it takes two seconds to realize how retarded that argument is if someone want to molest someone a piece of cloth wo n't stop them . 
  that 's an incorrect usage of retarded and actually , fairly offensive . 
  in terms of reasoning behind the head covering , this was the reasoning given to me by someone of the muslim faith -- that the head covering is the ultimate expression of modesty around men . 
  in other words , the head covering is n't required around women ... why is that ? 
  because fellow women can be trusted to behave , while men can not . 
  if you have an issue with this reasoning , i suggest you take it up with a religious figure , and not someone on reddit . 
  yea , she would . 
  did you not read the article ? 
  it was a female mayor , and yes , she goes to great lengths to describe how other religious symbols are prohibited , as well . 
  nice of you to assume it was a man doing the banning . 
  read the article next time . 
   hijab is not a religious symbol or a religious clothing it 's just a clothing worn for religious reasons islam orders women to cover their body and hair in presence of men . 
  hence they wear hijab to cover their hair . 
  you just said it 's not worn for religious reasons because it is worn for religious reasons . 
  did i miss something ? 
  women wear it for modesty purposes because apparently , men are assumed to be unable to contain their urges , and it 's thereby the woman 's fault if something happens to her while her head 's uncovered . 
  sorry , come back to the 21st century . 
  that whole `` spiel '' is inherently incompatible with western values that identify individuals as personally responsible for their own actions . 
  and no lack of headscarf will ever make me believe that a man is not responsible for his own actions . 
  i say this all as a woman myself . 
  we value that a society in which men are n't regarded as beasts from which women need to be hidden ( generally speaking ) . 
  we value a society in which men and women are equal . 
  yes , the headscarf violates those values . 
  i think it 's a fair assessment to say we enjoy far greater civil liberties in the west than in the middle east and for far longer than 20 years . 
  pointing out latvia 's clumsy law does not doth make a reasonable argument . 
  latvia makes up less than 1 % of europe 's total population . 
  no one said muslims were inherently evil . 
  but i do believe , after looking over the pew polls , that the idea of the `` moderate muslim '' is a myth . 
  is a moderate simply one who supports jailing a gay person as opposed to executing him ? 
  look at the numbers i posted above . 
  it 's staggering and paints a much grimmer picture than what the media and obama have led us to believe regarding the feasibility of islam assimilating into european belief systems . 
  no one is questioning other texts , but it 's a straw man argument to compare the koran to the bible . 
  half the verses regarding homosexuality a majority of the us has actively rejected . 
  in what muslim nation have you witness that ? 
  here in america , we do n't have a theocracy , so even if a biblical passage states something , a. ), 
  it wo n't be followed because we 're generally a secular society and b. ), 
  our version of moderate christianity and judaism is actually * moderate * . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-morality/ check it out . 
  almost every muslim majority country reports that homosexuality is amoral by a margin greater than 80 % . 
  statistics do n't lie . 
  i 'm not sure what anyone else expected in a predominantly muslim nation . 
  islam is one of the most homophobic belief systems in existence . 
  i am tolerant , but * not * of intolerance . 
  edit : russia has problems with homophobia , too . 
  as an american , i am all too happy to separate myself from my family 's country of origin ( russia ) . 
  even freedom of religion has limits . 
  we force companies like hobby lobby to cover birth control , though religiously they feel uncomfortable , because for the whole of society , it seems to make sense . 
  liberals will cry from the rooftops this notion . 
  the same logic oddly applies here . 
  for the betterment of social interaction , we do n't allow for women to cover their faces , even if it 's technically `` religious . '', 
  i use that word in quotations because it 's not commanded by the koran -- it 's a tool of control used by political islam . 
  fair , but it certainly did n't help things either . 
  saying migrants were n't the first to introduce islamic terror into germany does n't absolve merkel from blame , for open borders were single-handedly one of the most irresponsible national security actions to take , if said terror was already such an issue . 
  and if it were n't an issue beforehand , it has become one now , thus undermining her statement . 
  in short , neither proclamation looks especially good for merkel . 
  one shows she worsened a situation she should have diffused . 
  the other places square blame on her shoulders . 
  i have a feeling this lack of recession will upset a fair number of redditors who based their `` remain '' stance on gleefully punishing the supposed nationalists with an economic downturn . 
  not so anymore . 
  uk will be fine . 
  they were never in long-term jeopardy to begin with . 
  emotion drove the devaluation of the pound , not economic circumstances . 
  as one political pundit put it , france is attempting to ban the two notions that the burkini represents -- that ( a ) men are sexually devious creatures and incapable of restraint and that ( b ) exposed women thus are deserving of harassment and shame . 
  i feel as if neither of those tenets are acceptable in france . 
  source : http://www.dw.com/en/opinion-french-burkini-ban-is-political/a-19478394, 
  * the real problems are elsewhere . 
  `` every day , i experience the kind of stereotypes arab men have about women . 
  you just have to walk into any of the arab cafes around here . 
  they stare at any women who so much as walk by . '', 
  she says the looks do n't scare her . 
  `` but it makes me sad that women are treated so badly in their own country . 
  '' * we can ban burkas , burkinis , niquabs , and veils , but we can not ban a whole group of people from believing that women are lesser creatures deserving of subjugation . 
  eh west , i 'm not even sure what we do in this scenario . 
  i think france is particularly conscious of the emancipated female image . 
  they do n't want any semblance of an environment conducive to female subjugation . 
  originally , freedoms were established to prevent female subjugation in france , but now , we 've encountered an eastern culture that uses such freedoms to promote the very same subjugation we sought to eliminate . 
  i guarantee if ethnically french men were commanding french women to wear burkinis , the french government would outlaw it . 
  why should muslim women not be afforded the same protection , albeit if such measures are n't initially seen as `` protective '' ? 
  i ask this question more from the perspective of a french statesman . 
  the difference is that the coercion in france applies to both genders .
