   the restaurant at the top of the eiffel tower . 
  it 's shit . 
  le jules verne has had a michelin star since forever and its run by alain ducasse . 
  by any food metric its not shit , its certainly hugely overpriced but the food is good and the service in my experience is okish too . 
  theres a coffee cart though , which is nice because its always so fucking cold . 
  the great fire of london , is just full of interesting facts . 
  the bakers only formally appologised for starting it in 1986 ( 320 years after the event ) . 
  absolutely nothing , we did n't do anything about the other types of surveillance that we 're under so why would we start now . 
  having said that , reddit is hilarious at times , on the one hand a one large corporation that can track their vehicles exact whereabouts at all times and alter the driving properties without your consent ( all totally unregulated ) is the absolute darling of reddit . 
  meanwhile a government that can access limited information on your internet browsing habits with heavily regulated methods is absolutely vilified . 
  my only possible conclusion is that people do n't really give a fuck about surveillance they just do n't want anyone to know what they jerk off to . 
  you do n't need to ? 
  the rules for running a business in the uk and in another country are clear.also op is talking about doing this now , not post brexit . 
  this could depend on how many days you intend to spend where and what sort of business you have in the uk . 
  is it a ltd , soletrader etc ? 
  you would not be double taxed . 
  the answer is you 're all american ? 
  art-deco is beautiful , those are not . 
  house i grew up in ~ 500yrs , my current house ~ 300 yrs . 
  oh the school i went to is over 1000years old too . 
  the paris one is a smorgasbord of shit . 
  i was surprised by this so i checked and according to wikipedia you 're right . 
  more surprising to me though was the fact that the gdp of the uk is larger than that of california . 
  we did attempt to fix this but fucked it up completely https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nhs_connecting_for_health, 
  well if you 're that way inclined you can play touch rugby . 
  you know we can tell the difference right ? 
  you 're the swiss b-team to us . 
  actually we do think you 're abit fighty . 
  i think that comes from gypsies and sort of spills over onto the rest of ireland . 
  you guys like emmental , you 're a lost cause . 
  is henning wehn popular in germany ? 
  small numbers ca n't play rugby . 
  two kids can kick a football about in the street but rugby requires more people to do anything fun . 
   you do n't need access to an equiped stadium you do n't need that for rugby either ? 
  just some cold wet earth . 
  nobodies tackier than berlusconi !, 
  from the outside berlusconi was fun to watch but i do n't think we 'll be laughing watching trumps presidency . 
   honey g interesting, 
  in the uk we had a government scrappage scheme that cleared out a lot of the really old knackered cars . 
  otherwise its the same as every other country in the world , while the vehicle has value it is bought and sold . 
   i 've seen some comments about europeans being baffled that in the us a lot of people rely on and need cars . 
  we 're not . 
  a few but it 's not really a thing . 
  nothing , guns are still fairly freely available here as long as they 're of a sort that might be used for sport . 
  we do n't have hurricanes in the uk , we have storms . 
  if you 're referring the the beaufort scale then cat 5 is a `` fresh breeze '' . 
  for reference the great storm of '87 was 12 . 
  depends what our guy meant i guess . 
  i must admit i always think of it seperatly because its such a pain to send goods there . 
  no but they 're both symptoms of the same thing : shitty maintenance . 
  there 's definitely a lot more debris around the roads in belgium in my experience . 
  your police are wonderful though , 
  straw poll in my office ( includes people not far off minimum wage ) and they all have . 
  common non-eu destinations seem to be turkey , eygpt and usa . 
  for those on the mainland its highly likely they 've crossed the border into switzerland at some point so they 've at least done it on a technical basis if not in the sense that op meant . 
  actually i had , but the phrase is almost used as punctuation and its very different reading it vs a glaswegian accent . 
  mysterious vents in the street spewing steam ? 
  even us brits think your roads are a mess . 
  glaswegian , west country and welsh can all be pretty unintelligble . 
  took me about 2 months of living in edinburgh to work out what `` do you ken ? '', 
  meant . 
  i did n't know that was used outside scotland . 
  its still heavily used there . 
  you just highlighted an american trait quite nicely . 
  you 'll be hard pushed to find people who have n't traveled outside of europe here . 
  feels like a blend of switzerland and france . 
  generally quite unremarkable . 
  muslims , we 're honestly not that bothered or even interested . 
  however people who do n't attempt to integrate into our society or actively try and live outside it will always encounter ill feeling . 
  middle east is a big place , most people know there 's some nasty stuff going on over there and would probably rather we were not involved but it does n't go much further than that . 
  the older generation are generally quite well informed ( geographically at least ) because there are a lot of ex-commonwealth countries in the area . 
  lots of people go on holiday to dubai too . 
  chamonix itself is quite low in the alps and 95 % of the road there from geneva is dual carriage way . 
  absolutely no reason to be concerned about snowy and icy roads . 
  there will be regular shuttle services running in this period for the ski season . 
  you should be able to find a ton of options on google . 
  we do n't hate it , it does n't make us angry . 
  its fucking hilarious !, 
  or co-log-nee if you work in my office and have never been abroad . 
  the venice-simplon orient express is incredible . 
  mexico - tijuana , spring break , drugs , carlos helu , immigrants , food . 
  brazil - prostitutes . 
  argentina - awesome but they do n't like us . 
  uruguay - lovely place , old cars everywhere . 
  paraguay - where is everyone ? 
  fake goods . 
  chile - nazca lines , had the shits . 
  the alps for fun things to do and the south of france / northern italy to relax and drive cars along coastal roads as the sun sets . 
  we 're going through a very difficult period . 
  the uk is like a former boxer who just ca n't accept he 's not that good anymore and has turned to drink . 
  that sounds speedy for france . 
  even as a brit , 2hrs over dinner is completely normal . 
   meant for group of tourists that are served at given hour and they can choose 2-3 meals that they can have is it also normal ? 
  is that a thing ? 
  sounds like a school canteen . 
  well ops question is pretty open . 
  i travelled to work today , i 'm travelling to my capital city tonight and i 'm travelling to germany on monday . 
  even if its just foreign travel he 's referring to , i think my hairdresser has been abroad about 5 or 6 times this year . 
  it 's a very unremarkable thing for most europeans in my opinion . 
  ditched the escorted tour , we all mercilessly mock tourists who either walk around following a flag or wear name badges .
