i 'd quite like to visit . 
  my assumption is that much like the north koreans are fed anti-western propaganda is that we get plenty of anti-nk propaganda at our end too . 
  i 'm not suggesting that its nice place or anything just that i 'd like to see how what we 're told about the place differs to the reality . 
  your lane discipline is fantastic too . 
  i did n't even apply for tickets to the opening ceremony because i thought it would be shit . 
  being there with such low expectations it must have been mind blowing . 
  i 'm hopeful that it will be good but not quite as good as london 2012 . 
  travel tips for europeans going abroad ? 
  surely that depends on where we 're going . 
  repeatedly claiming to be working class while drink beer that costs # 5 a pint . 
  this is common in the uk too . 
  however it invalidates insurance and if you 're caught then the company would not pay out in the event of an accident . 
   when was the last time the right ( at least in america ) marched on the streets or vandalized neighborhoods while assaulting people ? 
  how about never . 
  rubbish , you 're comparing the far left with the centre right . 
  these people are on a level with those westboro idiots . 
  i guess i 've just not noticed them . 
  spain is different though , they do n't have much of the type agriculture to necessitate the building of a traditional barn so i cant see how they are common . 
  do you have any pictures , im curious . 
  [ something a little like this ] ( https://s3.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/centaur-wp/homebuilding/prod/content/uploads/2008/12/conversions-guide-collins-barn.jpg ) barn conversions seem to be a british thing , i do n't remember seeing anything comparable in mainland europe . 
  edinburgh really does have an amazing mix of architecture . 
  i do n't think that 's quite fair , most were given up because we had no hope of retaining them . 
  far better to bow out on good terms . 
  you 're under playing this slightly . 
  its true that at the absolute peak of the british empire was 1/4 of the world , however this was n't the question . 
  in terms of lost territories , ie places that were part of the empire but are now lost then the figure is in excess of 1/3 of the world . 
  i think a bit of this is due to our media as well , our shitty newspapers revel in these stories and acid attacks will likely be much more widely reported than knife attacks or even shootings . 
   some people do argue that it was originally brought here by muslim/indian immigrants i think there 's some truth in that but i 've no idea why it 's been picked up by criminals surely its rather hazardous for the attacker too ? 
   but still try and get a girl on nights out obviously its fine if they 're sober too . 
  every house i 've ever lived in has a name . 
  we get weird about house names too , my parents house had its name changed by the previous owner ( roughly 25yrs ago now ) but all of the locals refuse to call it anything but its original name and will stare at you blankly if you mention the house by its new ( ish ! ), 
  name . 
   most houses here only have numbers though , and not a name . 
  i think that depends entirely on where you are , in more rural areas its easily 50 % that have names . 
  nothing , most uk rappers are not performing using received pronunciation . 
  no , too much maintenance/expense for an outdoor pool in the uk for the amount of swim time . 
  i know people who have filled in out door pools when they have moved into a new house because they did n't want the associated hassle and running costs . 
  hot tubs are much more common , some houses have indoor pools but that 's generally only the higher end houses . 
  that 's a shared pool if its for your apartment though ? 
  shared pools in london apartment complexes are fairly common . 
  legal if road registered however i 've yet to see anyone wheely one into oncoming traffic which appears to be the done thing stateside . 
  honestly i 'm not so sure , large amounts of london would inevitably be owned by a single entity . 
  is it better to have a company whos goal will always be profit ? 
  or a person with absolutely no concept of money so that they 're perhaps less likely to be influenced by money ? 
  not to mention fuggerei , a town where you only have to pay 1 euro a year rent if you pray for his soul 3 times a day . 
  i think that depends on how tactful you are but i 'm not sure what you hope to achieve by moaning about to the locals ? 
  its hardly going to be something they themselves can fix, 
  connection type - fibre connection speed - 900mbps down , 700mbps up no bandwidth cap price # 48 ( includes phone ) area - city, 
  malta is e800k and cyprus is e2000k . 
  cyprus much better than malta though . 
   our budget is a bit limiting ;  we love the countryside  my fianc\u00e9 also loves local culture ; he 's into anything quirky and off the beaten path . 
  4 nights at disney land . 
  however you 'll be passing this place http://www.facteurcheval.com/en/index.html on your way , i recommend a visit . 
  still is the default . 
  the only country i can think of that defaults sparkling is argentina that serves a small glass of sparkling with a coffee . 
  true about 10-15 years ago . 
  they 're much better now , i would n't know the difference between ours and a regular 2 machine setup . 
  the only reason i can think of two have 2 seperate machines now is that you can process more washing in a smaller amount of time . 
  thanks !, 
  do you speak turkish ? 
  all the best with the trip , i hope you enjoy it but like everyone else says you 'll be sitting on that bus for a very very long time . 
  do you have a link to this tour ? 
  i 'm really curious . 
  bus holidays are common in europe but as everyone else has said the schedule is unusual . 
  hardly , that 's just one of the most visible facets since people loving looking at pictures of people in a mess . 
  the puking your eyes out drunk scene in my city is rapidly dying off , independent bars are popping up all over the place . 
   water freezes at whatever temperature we say it freezes at , i know you 're american but that 's still going a bit far . 
  except us brits , we abuse the fact that the rest of europe learns english first and foremost . 
  i can get by ( ie order food , travel , exchange pleasantries ) in german , french and spanish . 
  usa to upper mexico . 
   on the other hand , i do think that fahrenheit is a more suitable and precise measurement of air temperature than celsius i always think this argument is totally bizarre . 
  fahrenheit is just some arbitrary scale that does n't relate to anything around us in our daily lives . 
  the only reason you think this is because you 've spent your life using it so its comfortable . 
  the wonderful sea side town of shagaluf is incredibly popular with the british youth . 
  its not all all . 
  i was charge $ 1500 for a few stitches in my leg and had to wait 4hrs . 
  uk i would have been seen for free and all done in under 4 unless i went in at an busy period . 
  i 've visited a few times and know a few living here 1 . 
  can be interpreted as rude but its more a culture clash than anything else . 
  definitely dirty , spitting in the street etc , the chinese people who live in the same apartment block as me are responsible for 90 % of the mess . 
  fascinating , but the chinese themselves do not give a fuck about their own history and are actively destroying it . 
  in actual dealings with their government have been quite normal . 
  but the news tells a different story . 
  oh , you 're one of them . 
  absolute shit . 
  25 % of all cars sold in the uk are autos . 
  south america - life is cheap , poverty north america - how depressingly generic small town america is . 
  middle east - you 're a despicable peasant if you walk anywhere . 
  china - rudeness & spitting i 've absolutely loved visiting all of those places but that 's the stuff that surprised me the first time i visited . 
  yeah , i 'm not sure why us brits have a tendency to assume the whole country is morbidly obese . 
  our obesity levels vary wildly from place to place so i 'm not sure why its hard to imagine that the us might be the same . 
  there are a few infamous bars in london where they pass a tin round every 10minutes and you must put in a pound coin or you have to leave . 
  realistically though strip clubs operate in a very different way here . 
  the floor show ( which is where you guys throw your 1s about ) is a sideshow and requires no cash , you can watch that all day if you 're buying beer . 
  private dances are usually # 10 or # 20 and this is where the money is made . 
  no , houses have sold for # 1 in places in the uk . 
  there is usually some sort of obligation to do it up and actually live in it though . 
  buckingham palace . 
  you will not see the queen , the guards will not fall over and there are hundreds of more impressive homes littering the country . 
  yeah , no change from e500 for a meal for two .
