  this is what motivates me . 
  i do n't know you , i do n't care about you . 
  i will not lift a finger for you , unless you give me something in return . 
  i will choose my wife over you 10/10 ... do you actually practice what you preach ? 
  do you give , let 's say half of your salary to a random homeless person every month ? 
  not enough ? 
  how about 2/3-s ? 
   so much for humanity . 
  if the eu can not make its members humane then fuck the eu . 
  i 'll support a nordic union and the eastern european workers can sort themselves out . 
  kick out the refugees and bring back hundreds of thousands of their own workers . 
  i know a plenty of finnish people who would like to kick people like you out of your own country . 
  and they are not '' rednecks '' either . . 
   do you even know why libanon was able to take in 2 million refugees ? 
  because those big camps we know about are n't actually legal . 
  there is no government assistance , there are no camps run by the government . 
  the government of lebanon has just let the people in and ignores their technically illegal camps . 
  they life under disastrous conditions and have no fucking idea how to get through the winter because goes what , you need heating in the middle east as well . 
  living standards ? 
  why are we even talking about living standards ? 
  i thought to goal was to simply keep them '' living '' ? 
  if you are talking about saving people who are going to get killed if we do n't help , that 's one thing . 
  i have no interest in improving anyones living standard on my expense . 
  especially since so many in my own country are suffering . 
  and we 've been telling them to '' grow some balls '' basically . 
   why are these finns so heartless ? 
  these refugees are not safe in a war torn country where grenades are constantly thrown and gang attacks are everyday occurrences . 
  man that was skillfully executed , went right by me ... 
  putin is backing assad . 
  he might think the us or eu ( rofl !! ), 
  will step in at some point in the future to solve the crisis . 
  and you know when us goes in , assad is toast . 
  meanwhile if you listen to the refugees , they seem to hate assad as much as isis . 
  so long as assad remains in power they are likely to keep coming to eu and souring relations within eu members . 
  double whammy from his perspective ... just a theory . . 
  then you are naive . 
  people call germans bullies because of the quotas . 
  believe me this is nothing compared to russians . 
  all they do is bully and do n't for a second think they are doing something good for you . 
  there is always a catch . . 
   b ) completely pointless if the structural issues underlying poor economic performance are n't addressed , which they ca n't be while the country is undergoing massive internal devaluation . 
  do n't fully agree . 
  you can internally devalue and fire public workers at the same time . 
  you need to change the laws so that firing people is easy . 
  and use the money saved to digitize as much as possible . 
  i believe for something like that the eu would gladly provide the funds . 
  yeah , that much i figured . 
  but even in a highly educated country like finland , not a lot of people have the potential to work at high level it . 
  and with it , there 's the problem of motivating companies to stay put . 
  lot 's of good start up 's come from estonia , but you ca n't keep them here . 
  london or silicon valley will always have more to offer . 
  pack your laptops and go . . 
   it came up from worker class rights , people had motivation to work and produce when they had a good quality of life thats for sure . 
  it came out of public spending ( universities free education etc ) highly debatable . 
  like i said it 's not a choice . 
  either you are better or you are not . 
  no one cares what you think or feel . 
  build a robot that can do the work of a 1000 chinese factory workers for the price of one . 
  unless you can do that , no one cares what you think is fair . 
   of course if you 're a 100 % optimal person - the finnish unions have you back . 
  if you 're laid off , you 'll drop off from the `` union 's radar '' and there 's nobody to watch your back . 
  most jobs in finland are created in small and mid-sized companies and large companies are probably shrinking job-wise . 
  i think we ca n't expect the same rules from 70s and 80s to function forever - that would be naive . 
  however , that is what finland has been doing - nothing . 
  as a business owner in estonia , that sounds borderline insane to me . 
  i have no idea why anyone would want to start up in finland , if it 's that bad . 
  depends what you mean by europe i guess . 
  maybe for an italian this is responsible . 
  besides dept/gdp in southern european countries , the bureaucracy is like soviet level horrible . 
  i have friends in the canaries trying to start a business and they say it 's a nightmare . 
  nothing gets done . 
  they even had to use a fax machine !, 
  a fax machine !, 
  ( let that sink in ) https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/a/ae/gross_debt_gdp_ratio_poland_and_europe_2014.png, 
   ok i see the numbers being relatively high in fins case , but believe me it will be only the beginning of what is coming . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  no '' neoliberal '' is forcing you to do anything . 
  fact of the matter is that in a global economy , you simply are not any better than the indians or the chinese . 
  looking at pisa scores , soon we might fall behind in innovation and high value added segment as well . 
  it 's ok for them to work for lower wages but you are somehow special right ? 
  the hypocrisy of the left is staggering . . 
   and spain was literally the most fiscally responsible country in europe , with low debt and a large budget surplus . 
  not sure if serious ? 
   who cares if eu working class will have the same quality of living as india , pakistan etc. 
  / s you think you have a choice ? 
  markets do n't give a shit about what you want or need . 
  if you ca n't compete , though luck ... 
   no one pointing out that there are millions of eastern europeans ready to kill and/or die for finnish wages ? 
  no one is willing to kill or die for finnish wages . 
  and no one believes , that finland is the land of milk and honey anymore . 
  in fact the vast majority of those who did believe we 're low skilled laborers . 
  i personally do n't know many who went and the ones who did were '' the usual suspects '' if you know what i mean . 
  on the other hand , i work right in the center of tallinn and often meet finnish people who say it 's very good to earn in finland , if you spend in estonia . 
  well at least , they came clean !? 
  lol, 
  lol hey they murdered so many people in cold blood no one else comes close to their expertise , if a german spots a racist you know it 's true . 
  a fisherman always sees another fisherman from afar . 
   that would have fucked up other major currencies such as the us-dollar or pound sterling . 
  that 's when gaddafi had to be stopped . 
  that is absolute nonsense .
