  i 've never talked to anyone ne or ee who believes that eu is somehow the only thing that 's stopping war in europe . 
  i suspect it was an argument used is se to gather support for eu ? 
   war is inevitable when we are not all in one big alliance . 
  it 's possible now even , but that chance becomes much greater to the point of inevitability without a unifying organisation reducing the reasons to want to take over another nation . 
  most of us are in nato . 
  the only way war breaks out is if the us let 's it happen . 
  what country would start a war ? 
  the usual suspect would be germany . 
  i believe if there is even a hint of german belligerence , the us will snuff it out before it gets out of hand . . 
  no i 'm not . 
  afghanistan was understandable . 
  iraq was a mistake . 
  i 'm not for the war but not because i 'm a pacifist . 
  imo just a waste of good dry powder over people who really do n't deserve liberation . 
  here in the former ussr , everyone had heard stories about afghanistan . 
  there is simply nothing you can do for these people . . 
   loosing a vote is not being forced . 
  whatever your self-victimised nonsense would like people to believe , democracy is not a dictatorship just because it disagrees with you . 
  democracy my ass . 
  smaller countries are being threatened and bullied . 
  this is an issue so big it needs a referendum . 
  the politicians might be cowards , but the people are not . 
  you do n't have to send in an army . 
  first you can talk to the leaders . 
  make clear that if they do n't play ball , bad things are going to happen to them . 
   not true . 
  eritrea has a real human rights problem . 
  they constantly battle north korea when it comes to freedom of expression and other things . 
  then we should send in troops and topple whoever is responsible . 
  their problems are becoming our problems , send a clear signal . 
  fix your shit or we will fix it for your . 
  why are we taking eritreans ? 
  there 's no war there . 
  there will be more and more ... you 're solution is to kick the can down the road . . 
  james reynolds is overacting , pretty annoying to watch . . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
   honestly you should take a child as role model . 
  stopped reading right there . . what do you do for a living ? 
  and no my friend . 
  check my posts . 
  i am not '' progressive '' as you call it . . 
  what you seem to be , is naive . . much more so , than a 34 year old ought to be . . 
  you guilted yourself with that post bro ... 
   better being feared than being feared of muslims in your country reacting to your art and sculptures  my wife worked with an israeli ballerina here in estonia . 
  and i 've got to say , israel and estonia have a lot in common . 
  at least when it comes to security . 
  you are way more paranoid than us though . 
  when news started coming out that putin was getting frisky . 
  the israeli girl was ready to dig a trench and go full krav maga in 5 seconds lol . . you are not compromising your way of life for nothing . . 
   why ? 
  i really do not see race , or religion . 
  well that means you are either blind or ignorant . 
  though i 'm guessing you are just between the ages of somewhere between 16-22 . 
  either that or you are a hippy living on top of a mountain with no real relevance to the real world anyway . . 
   the almighty v4 should just erect that zone . 
  why not together ? 
  if germany made that suggestion the rest of eu would rally behind germany . 
  considering russia is getting froggy , now would be the perfect time to show strength . 
  get us on board and no one would say a peep ... 
  wtf does that even mean ? 
   well nobody forces these other countires to be in the european union . 
  is someone forcing you ? 
  there is no mechanism to leave the eu . 
  if one member goes it 's likely it will all fall apart . 
  will germany start kicking members out ? 
  do n't think so . 
  bottom line , we do n't have to leave . . 
   then germany should just cut all financial aid ffor hungary through the eu and see how long that works for hungary if you want to play the game this way . 
  not sure germany can be considered friendly anymore . 
  you reaaally overestimate the importance of eu money . 
  this is ee we 're talking about . 
  we do n't throw bitch fits over '' muh benefits '' . 
  it 's not that big a part of the economy . 
  that was 20 years ago . 
  this is now . 
  our security depends on us and not europe . 
  if anything , this crisis has shown that europe is weak at the moment and the current politicians are digging their own grave . 
  there is no reason to give in to the people that are on their way out . . look at how greece was handled . 
  merkel does not want the eu to disintegrate under her watch . 
  that much is clear . 
  all bark no bite ... 
   changing their mind does not give you the power . 
  do n't want power . 
  we have no problem with most of the stuff eu does , just this issue . 
  this is an emotional decision by germany and a major security risk for europe . 
  you sort of forget that we are at war with the muslim world . 
  personally i 'm not against taking a few thousand syrians ( but they really need to be from syria ) . 
  it 's the forced quotas i have a problem with and that the situation is totally out of control in general . 
  oh noes ... my feels . . 
  do n't give up if that 's what you want , but do n't expect bigger countries to let go of their leverage . 
  the consequence i see is either to accept or to move on and part your way with eu to have better control on your immigration proccess . 
  or the third option . 
  delay , delay , delay ... until western european sentiment changes . 
  it 's happening already . 
  far right parties are gaining ground all across europe . 
  soon something will have to give . 
  nothing is set in stone . . 
   you might think it is not a fair exchange ( i do ) , then countries have to think it through before joining in , not oppose when it actually happens . 
  why not oppose ? 
  what are they going to do ?
