  you would not be the country you are today without it . 
  you are probably just a bitter working class person , who thinks that cutting back the military would make your life better somehow . 
  it wont . . it makes more sense to abandon people like you , than sacrifice the power us currently has all over the globe . 
  it pays for itself many times over . . 
  he 's a troll for sure ... 
   especially when a large part of the nations considers your ally to be little more than a fascist warmongering nation . 
  what a troll . . no one is that dense . . 
   no one is suggesting to force them to do anything but if they 're not taking this as seriously as we are then what business do we have providing their security ? 
  you are a russian troll or have been living under a rock . 
  few members of nato take defense more seriously than us . 
  we punch well above our weight . 
  sorry , we do n't have a goose that lays stealth bombers ... 
  i was not talking about facts , i was talking about perceptions and how perceptions might affect someones actions . 
  why would you think someone would defend us , without using us for offense as well ? 
  that 's what happened in ww2 . 
  you had 3 choices , either nazis or the red army or death ... 
   when did it become the norm to care about profits and investments more than about morals and principles ? 
  what ? 
  do you even live in the baltics ? 
   and you still ca n't think of that the americans get out of having troops in the baltics . 
  a few million friends ... 
   i do n't think the choice is so black and white . 
  you would be wrong , and that 's your answer . 
  either you are the top dog or someone else will take your place . . 
   maybe , just maybe , if you want other nations to take your defense seriously , you should too . 
  with logic skills like that , i doubt you even have a job . . 
   maybe , just maybe , there are people who do not put profits above everything else . 
  why maybe ? 
  that 's most people i would say . 
  that 's why they toil away making money for someone else for the their entire lives . 
  it 's not a good attitude for a businessperson . 
  there is always someone around the corner , ready to drink your milkshake . . 
  if i was a potential investor , an event like this would certainly discourage me from investing . 
  it tells me the business owner is not serious about his business . . 
   with allies like these who needs enemies ? 
  would it be more beneficial to have your current allies as enemies ? 
  because in reality those are your choices . 
  we do n't live in a vacuum . . 
   and that 's one more company than zero . 
  what do we get out of this deal at all ? 
  hey , why have allies at all ? 
  '' you wo n't lift a finer to help us while you 're spreading joy . 
  i 'll keep an eye out to see if any of it comes this way . '', 
  what ? 
  more estonians died in afghanistan per capita , than germans or french . 
  and we spend the full 2 % on nato . 
  so again wtf are you talking about . 
  i 'm done with your trolling ... 
   the part where they 're rejecting us military investment and hurting our military capability and accuse us of being killers . 
  that is one company , if you can call a start up that ... 
  you are obviously a troll . . 
   does n't seem like it to me . 
  if they are going to hamstring our capability and accuse us of being killers who interrupt their `` spreading of joy '' then it 's time to call it quits . 
  we can send some peace corps trust fund kids if you 'd like . 
  who the fck are you talking about exactly ? 
  the vast majority of estonians are pro nato and pro us . 
  we do n't really care about how many desert people you kill . 
  a few hippies do n't change that fact . . 
   i do n't think you understand how business works . 
  this is not a `` do or die '' move . 
  they are not forced to take the deal to stay afloat . 
  europe is focused a lot more on `` brand awareness '' than the american market and companies that partake in scummy business practices make less potential profit . 
  they have plenty of time to find another partner or someone to sell their product . 
  at the end of the day , if you make quality products that are innovative then you will always have a business . 
  i think you do n't understand how business works . 
  like they are the only company working on this tech ? 
  there are hundreds if not thousands of start ups working on drone tech . 
  95 % of them will fail to get a product out on the market . 
  if you make a deal with the us military ... that 's pretty much a blank check . 
  you do n't have to worry about '' a budget '' anymore . 
  and in the end if you get the product out , no one will care if you made a deal with the us government , if the product is good , people will buy it . . 
   short term you are right . 
  the positive publicity that they will get for denying the american war machine is probably better for their long term business . 
  you turn down an easy buck and you make a statement against the warmongering empire . 
  that 's a far-left viewpoint . 
  like i said ... mostly average people . 
  not the kind that go kite-boarding in exotic locations and have a drone following them around . 
  they are selling a high end product . 
  for a high end market . 
  that kind of pr does not speak to that crowd at all . . hell , remember how there was a thing about apple using '' slave labour '' to make iphones ? 
  that was forgotten in like 5 minutes and every hipster still bought one . . 
   especially the baltic states so they do n't go around killing everyone . 
  what have you got against the baltic states ? 
  pretty much the only countries that actually want us troops on their soil ... 
  they are . . just that imo the future of space lies with private enterprise not with government space agencies . 
  so in that sense , in terms of times changing , esa is already history . . 
  thank you , thank you !, 
  it was nothing really . . ( '' wtf is an esa ? '', 
  - me 5 minutes ago . . ), 
  being a start up in a very niche market , this could easily be the last mistake they make . 
  pr for people who probably are not able to afford your product anyway . 
  the average carebear pacifist has nothing but two hands in his pocket . . 
  from a purely business point of view , a pretty dumb move for a start up . . 
   especially the bastardly people who come over the ocean to drink your alcohol . 
  damn them . 
  it 's different . 
  they are just refugees , for the finnic peoples should never be deprived of their booze . 
  that 's just racist !, 
  it does not matter . 
  we 're looking at people who are probably prepared for a civil war .
