  you obviously have no idea how finance works . 
  you think anyone would give a shit about gaddafis gold coins ? 
  no problem . 
  sweden will take all of them !, 
  and what mistakes would those be ? 
  getting invaded by russia ? 
   ask you parents how it was to live in the soviet bloc . 
  wtf would an eastern bloc have to do with soviets ? 
   i 'm unsure how to read this . 
  you mean to tell me only 42 % of the finns in finald work ? 
  this . 
  please explain . . 
  what he means by '' western values '' is socialist values . 
  as usual socialists end up being autocratic and dismissing any other type of political thinking , using any methods possible . 
  they also use the term '' european values '' like the entire continent of europe is social democratic because western europeans currently like to vote for those types of parties . 
  who ee countries vote for is irrelevant . 
  they are just a bunch of nazis anyway . 
  ignoring the fact that they are loosing ground to right wing parties very very fast . . so yeah , nothing new under the sun . 
  lol . 
  germany has no capability to stop the russians . 
  also germany would throw eastern europe under the bus in a heartbeat . . 
   well , turkey is a muslim country , while i view it secular then most , it 's still is . 
  and also , it 's true that numbers are not that big , it will depend on if birth rates of migrants will drop , and how well will they assimilate . 
  do n't take this the wrong way , but i would never want to live in turkey . 
  to me your culture is as alien as all the other middle eastern cultures . 
  just way way too different . . 
  this . 
  as an estonian i have to agree . 
  it does not even matter if you are for or against immigration . 
  if we 're forced to do it ... well let 's just say we 've seen that movie before . . 
   yes hungary can do what it wants via democracy , but it also has to deal with the consequences of those decisions . 
  and a consequence of low birth rate in a welfare state dependent on labor to pay for that welfare is that they are going to find it harder and harder to pay for that welfare as their net recipients begin to out weigh their net givers eastern europe is not that big on welfare in general . 
  we we 're occupied by communists ffs . 
  we see a lot of the same soviet insanity in what sweden is doing for example . 
  socialism is socialism in the end . 
  so the logical thing to do is to cut welfare . 
  if you had children and raised them right , they will take care of you . 
  if you did not it 's your problem . 
  cultural differences . 
  eastern europeans are mostly white christians . 
  syrians are something completely foreign . 
  yeah estonia is more business friendly than most of the west ... 
   then why are we paying billions and billions every year in all sorts of help and aid ? 
  easterners are no different from the economic refugees . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  compare how much money you have given to greece and then compare how much you have given to estonia for example ? 
  what like 5 billion ? 
  then think about the brain drain . 
  for example an estonian start up in london called transferwise is already valued at 1 billion . 
  meanwhile you practice protectionism in the agricultural sector , leaving our farmers in dire straits . 
  do n't act like building a few roads , is even relevant to our economy . 
  we have almost no debt . 
  we can easily cover the lack of eu funds with debt . 
   else you are delusional . 
  eastern europe does not have the welfare culture you have . 
  all the people wanted was an economic union . 
  free trade . 
  that 's how it was served to us ... 
  you have no idea how far the eastern european populace has been pushed in the name of eu . 
  never say never ... 
  how much did estonias gdp drop in the last recession ? 
  if you think you can threaten us or eastern europe with economic sanctions you are delusional !, 
  we can take a lot more economic pain than you !, 
  if you think you can threaten us , you are mistaken !, 
  you have balls to even bring that up . 
  after what your countrymen did . 
  seems like eye for an eye would have been the right choice ... 
  if this actually happens . 
  you make eastern europeans your enemy and you can forget about the european union . 
  consider yourself lucky if we can prevent war . 
   there is no threat . 
  many nations have profited from the arrangement of the eu but once they are asked to lift a finger they scream like it is a pound of flesh . 
  it 's very simple . 
  either you choose syria or you choose eastern europe . 
  make your choice and live with it ... 
  if this goes through i will vote for the far-right party in the next elections . 
  not that i like those assholes , but just to send a message . . 
  i think one of the main problems in eastern europe is the lack of trust for germany . 
  would they actually do something if war broke out ? 
  they seem awful cozy with the russians . 
  u.s. is a lot more trustworthy in that sense . 
  you know they love their guns and do n't mind using them . 
  do n't worry , when the dust settles , no one will blame hungary for anything . 
  it 's clear who is being bullheaded and incompetent in this situation . 
   would n't be too surprised if we 'll see lots of rich people moving out in the following 5-10 years . 
  welcome to estonia ? 
   making a mockery of democracy ? 
  subverting sovereignty and both national and international laws ? 
  assassinations ? 
  yeah i associate all that with russia like a 1000x more than with the us . 
  nah j/k ... i doubt anyone would care that much . 
  he is sort of our national treasure though . 
  many name drop him when introducing estonia . 
  personally i did not even know who he was until some american asked if i 've met him lol . . 
  love the title . 
  pissed off estonians coming in 3 . .2 . .1 ... :d, 
   so it 's because you come from one abusive relationship that you crawl right into the second abusive relationship without seeing the warning signs ? 
  what warning signs ? 
  what abuse ? 
  we 've never had it so good !,
