  if i 'm ready to use violence against you , i do n't care what you think . 
  plus we are likely looking at the far-right at this point . 
  it 's not like they 're big on democracy to begin with . 
   tell them to wait for the next elections . 
  that 's bs also . 
  you ca n't wait for the next elections if you think the government is destroying your country today . 
  by next elections the damage is already done . 
  from their perspective at least . . 
  it 's like the pm of estonia inviting in russian tanks and your advice is to wait until next elections ? 
  different thing but you get the picture . 
  from their point of view , the country is under attack and the enemy is within . 
  so that 's how you would respond . . 
   it just reaches a tipping point where people who are pro-sharia outnumber the old indigenous people who are against it you are overthinking this . 
  there will be war , way before this happens . 
  both the far-left and the migrants will be physically removed if things go that far . 
  bet on it !, 
  so what does that mean in euros ? 
  here you can start a business for 190 $ and you can do it online in a day . 
  what do those percentages mean ? 
  if you have a problem ... if no one else can help ... and if you can find them ... maybe you can hire ... 
  the a ( rsonist ) - team . 
  ( that 's it ... i 'm quitting my day job . ), 
  what 's the biggest classifieds paper/website in sweden ? 
   the principles of the western culture . 
  please define western culture . 
  lately all you hear are '' muh western values '' and when you hear what they have to say , they start preaching socialist values as if they are one and the same . . 
   but finland , contrary to portugal , spain and greece was a more established economy on the 90 's / 00 's , did not have half a century of dictatorship that had to recover from and did not had a big tourism sector and neither had a huge real estate boom . 
  well estonia had all those things , excluding the tourism boom . 
  your problems are structural . 
  you are too far behind in terms of governance and technology . 
  old world mentality in a new world with china as a major player . 
  you will have to adapt or share the same fate as greece . . 
   we do not give up humanity for profits . 
  never . 
  give up humanity ? 
  ffs ... sounds like a line straight out of a shitty hollywood movie . . 
  things will change , like it or not . 
  do you want to do it the easy way or the hard way ? 
  if you choose the hard way , you will give up a lot more than your '' humanity '' . . 
   yea lets close ourselves off the rest of the world , sounds like a marvelous idea !, 
  how the hell is that closing ourselves off ? 
  it would not affect our own travel and trade needs one bit . 
  are we seriously questioning the importance of borders here ? 
  i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills !, 
   let 's image if russia would occupy estonia , and most of you would flee to latvia and lithuania , which short after ca n't take the burden of all those estonians anymore , most countries would after a few years stop to pay for the nutrition in the camps , in which you have to live , you would start to flee further to to other european countries excuse me , but are you comparing the baltic countries with 3rd world muslims ? 
  are the refugees we are taking in now 100 % literate , score above oecd average in education and near the top in pisa tests ? 
  look at the intra-eu immigration . 
  ee countries are a net positive economically to the countries they migrate to . 
  can you say the same for example somalians ? 
  there is a difference between a white christian european culture vs a muslim desert/african culture . 
  if you ca n't see that , you are as idealistic and blind as they come . .  do you think e.g. 
  the us , which is more into old style power politics , would support estonia against russia since the us is the only military power that actually has the ability to protect us , yes !, 
  also in the ukraine crisis we have seen the true colors of germany . 
  the us has been much more resolute . . edit : and thanks for the mandatory quotas , like people in estonia are not divided enough . 
  you just made a bad situation worse for us . 
  real allies . . 
  that 's a pipe dream and the un is a toothless organization with no real power . 
  the leaders will have a very clear choice . 
  stick to protecting the interests of their citizens or feel something pointy sticking in to their backs . . 
   and you ca n't have a single market without dictate from brussels . 
  if 28 countries do whatever they want you have 28 markets . 
  what ? 
  you have 28 markets anyway , by the single market i obviously mean free trade between nations . . 
   how do you expect the world to become a better place without treating others like humans ? 
  by technology and trade . 
  the world is getting better incrementally . 
   how anybody can even try to demand a return to isolationism and closed borders , to protectionism and nationalism , after what our grandfathers saw 80 years ago i will never understand . 
  the people who murdered our grandfathers were like you . 
  blinded by idealism . 
  that 's what really scares the shit out of me . 
  people like you are seemingly mainstream in german politics . 
   unless we break international law ... we are the international law !, 
  who is going to care ? 
  the us ? 
  china ? 
  who ? 
  no one else gives a crap . 
  wtf , you think now is the time to be running charities ? 
  situation in the middle-east and africa will only deteriorate . 
  now is the time to start taking border controls seriously . 
  take in only the best and brightest . 
  meanwhile china and india are growing and becoming ever more competitive . 
  russia trying to stir up trouble . 
  not a time to be fooling around ... 
   well , if everyone had taken a few of them it would be easier for everyone . 
  or you know , secure the borders , like grown ups ... 
   eu because they are against basically everything that smells like it could lead to centralisation . 
  it 's way too early to centralise anything . 
  i would limit any centralisation to fiscal rules , so greece could not happen again . 
  set debt limits to governments . 
  other than that , i have no reason to want centralisation or someone to dictate how i should live from brussels . 
  eu-s main reason for existence is the single market . 
  that 's the important bit we should be focusing on . 
   it would be a disaster for the people from the pinhead countries like yours . 
  for the british people , it 'd be a boon . 
  i 'm not talking about countries after the eu , but the eu in general . 
  what comes after is anybodies guess . 
  there will be turmoil that 's for sure . 
  will not be easy for anyone . 
  for estonia ?
