   yes . 
  the other way is right at your border . 
  i think it is good with coutries that fit more to russia also work together with them . 
  they dont need to be in the eu yeah , wait a few years . 
  the european left is dying , you will be in the minority soon enough . . 
  what you call the '' european idea '' is actually socialism . 
  no interest in ussr v2 .0 thank you . 
  there are other ways of running europe . . 
   why am i closer to a random austrian than to any other european ? 
  hey , christmas is coming , ca n't wait to eat all that verivorst and s\u00fclt right ? 
  also , how was your jaanip\u00e4ev ? 
  this will not tackle anything . 
  this will be the end of the eu . 
  and that still leaves germany with the refugees and a lot shittier position in the world . . 
  unless there is a clear limit to the refugees and a clear effort to protect eu borders , there will be no compromise . . 
   `` he 's a brave man fighting for the cause , we must follow his example !! '', 
  if this is the case , then there are deeper problems in society , that will eventually need to be addressed . 
   plus the ` adventure ' has been highly successful so far , so there 's that . 
  way too early to tell . . 
  i 'm not surprised at all , that russians like putin as a leader , but it 's sort of surprising that they support the syrian adventure . 
  most ex-ussr people are wary of the middle-east . 
  they remember the lessons from afghanistan . 
  it 's a hornets nest you do n't want to poke . 
  it 's a loosing battle right form the beginning . 
   tents with heating . 
  we 've had about a few hundred thousand man-years of experience with them when we had a conscription army . 
  what 's good for soldiers , is not good for civilians . 
  or do soldiers get to complain in sweden ? 
   since other countries can tell themselves that they 're not doing any harm yes we are not harming ourselves . 
  that 's the way we like it . . 
   even if they pitched tents for them , handed every migrant a new down jacket and a portable kerosene heater , it would still be awful . 
  the cold has a way of creeping into even the most well insulated houses , much less a tent . 
  it will be damp as hell too . 
  a sucky prospect any way you look at it ... 
   or it will just blow over like everything else . 
  this will not blow over . 
  you , like merkel , do n't understand what a colossal mistake this is . . 
   ` members of a union ' who do not care about helping out . 
  oh everyone cares about helping out . 
  just not in the way you would like ... 
   armenians do not hate russia . 
  kazakhs do not hate russia . 
  tajiks do not hate russia . 
  belarusians do not hate russia . 
  its only you balts . 
  the topic was about countries in or wanting to enter nato . 
  nice list of countries though , 10/10 would want to live there . . 
   germany had a pretty constant population of ~ 50,000 ordered to leave , well when was that ? 
  is it relevant to the current situation ? 
  this situation is escalating so fast , you ca n't possibly rely on business as usual . 
  you have to process these people asap , the longer you wait , the bigger the chance of conflict . 
  i think this situation is so overwhelming that you will accept people just to keep the line moving . . 
   oh they buy lots of advanced broomsticks - but do they budget to pay to keep them flying ? 
  they run on humanist values . . 
   well ; that 's a different problem . 
  yeah ... that 's a pretty big f *** ing problem . . 
  the deportation part is the biggest question mark in this whole fiasco imo . 
  it seems like it would be simpler to just accept everyone . 
  is any country actually been successful with deporting those who do n't qualify ? 
  i just ca n't see anyone going through with it , in an effective manner . . 
   royal with mehukatti was worse ugh ... that 's like the heroin of drinks . 
  mehukatti alone was poison . . 
   i think you are a little bit biased on this buddy . 
  yes actually experiencing the russian way of doing things makes you biased . 
  opinions based only on what you read on the internet are more trustworthy . . 
   really , so why do you think all these little countries around russia are so eager to enter nato if not for the bought politicians ? 
  because the local population hates russia , easy choice ... 
   but is not helpful , rational as a thought , these people could easily speak be the most assimilated but the only thing different is the dna . 
  if you seriously think the majority of the population will ever be '' rational '' , you are fooling yourself . 
  whatever rationality means to you . . depends a lot on your views in general . 
  one could say that being as idealistic as you , is not rational . . 
   eesti can into anything except nordics . 
  not sure if eesti want anymore . . 
   i 've already got my horned helmet on and my mug of mead at hand !, 
  you mean your raping hat ? 
   here 's a relevant polandball comic . 
  oh god , i ca n't believe i used to drink that shit when i was younger . 
  makes my liver hurt thinking about it . . 
  well what i meant with '' the future of space '' comment , is that if someone like musk really get 's the price of spaceflight down like 10x , it will open up a new world of business opportunities . 
  i would not be the least bit surprised if we had a space version of google/apple in a few decades , that sucks up all the talent . 
  nasa and esa might find it difficult to compete and become more insignificant as a result . 
  research will still need to be done , but nasa and esa will likely not be doing the '' actually going to space '' part . . edit : i was aware of some of the stuff esa has done . 
  it 's just the abbreviation '' esa '' has not yet burned into my memory like nasa for example . . 
  fcking swedes , why ca n't you just let go of your hate for jews ? 
  lol, 
   we do n't either , actually . 
  come to think of it , we do n't even have an ocean left and right of us switzerland is the last country to take some kind of moral high ground over the us . 
  there is lot 's and lot 's of shady dealing , your country is a part of . 
  do n't think for a second that your country does not profit from us actions . 
  either directly or indirectly . . 
   please kick us out then , the thought of an american version of switzerland makes me rock hard . 
  lol that 's absolute nonsense . . 
   yep , i would prefer we left nato and concentrated on our own needs . 
  you do n't even understand how your own country works . 
  the reason that the us can paper over all it 's problems , is because of your military might and global presence . 
  it actually makes you richer as a country . 
  it ensures that your currency is the global reserve currency , that alone offers enormous benefits . 
  you ensure that your global business interests are secure . 
  you ensure that your allies can have have prosperous countries and for that you get some of their best and brightest as immigrants . 
  ever hear of the h-1b ?
