  what exactly could go wrong ? 
  everything could go wrong . 
  and likely will . 
  i 'm with you on this , protect the borders at all costs . 
  better to do it now and with smaller casualties than later . 
  also the political risk is huge . 
  if this goes south , the people in charge will be replaced . 
  if this goes south really really bad , they will be replaced with the likes we have not seen in power since ww2 . . 
   it 's not as if whole africa will be submerged and all the problems could be solved with africa not popping kids like crazy . 
  the life expectancy is not that long in africa for some reason ... you are thinking in absolutes . 
  most africans can barely afford food . 
  arable land is already becoming scarce and the demand for food is rising globally . 
  extreme weather events and crop failures will come a lot sooner than all the apocalyptic stuff . 
  that 's enough to set africa moving . . 
   i 've tented in the snow , in a regular tent with a regular sleeping bag . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  yeah living in a tent for months in the damp is a bit different to '' i 've tented '' . 
  vw shares look really good right now for the long term . . 
  food calories are a lot harder to come by than calories for heating . 
  if you waste more food on someone than they can produce , it 's a net loss . 
  if they ca n't even leave the house they are useless . 
  food is the main issue here , there was never enough . 
  3 months of summer and barren land the rest of the year . 
  also i 'm not exactly sure about the history , but are n't russians relatively new to the north , compared to say the uralic peoples ? 
  if you can make the argument that our climate has somehow affected our temperament , i would venture to guess it would take thousands of years . 
  it 's easier to survive if you do n't carry around dead weight . 
  people are not equally gifted . 
  if you have a weak link in the group , it makes it harder for everyone else . 
  that would be my logic if you think in terms of survival in the north . . 
   tens of billions into the project try a trillion . 
  a billion is something a start up can raise in today 's world . 
  i 'm talking the kind of money us spends on a war or pumps out as qe . 
  with that kind of money , you can move pretty fast ... 
   hey - it 's not necessarily a bad thing . 
  such a group thinking is more valuable to the society as a whole opposed to the individualism of latvians and estonians . 
  disagree . 
  individualism means better competition , competition brings results . 
  group think tends to bog down the talent . 
  so instead of letting the best and brightest shine and lead the way , you dumb everything down to the lowest common denominator . 
  the result is stagnation and lack of flexibility . . 
   what are the reasons for their intense , violent hate that goes far beyond simple exclusion though ? 
  shitty life in general would be one of the reasons . 
  you have to direct the frustration somewhere . 
  also what i 've noticed , russians are more group oriented as opposed to estonians , who are more individualistic . 
  they also have a tendency to believe in the '' good tzar '' types . 
  very prone to cults of personality . 
  being seen as '' normal '' ( whatever that means ) to the rest of the group is important to them . 
  so it 's easy for someone with authority to voice and spread idiotic ideas because people in general keep each other in check . 
  in the ussr people we 're spying on each other and snitching to the authorities all the time . . 
  i do n't remember if it was this year or the year before . 
  we had 10c in january and it lasted most of the month . 
  i do n't remember that ever happening in the past . 
  i loved it though . 
  1-2 months of winter sounds good to me . . 
  there is no other option . 
  plan b is war ... 
   civil resistance to nuclear power and the slow permit processes alone would mean that building even the first batch of new reactors would be a 15-year-long process . 
  by the time we could have hundreds of reactors the global co2 concentration would already be at 450 ppm and we 'd be well on our way to +3 c warming . 
  it 's more likely than curbing emissions . 
  if this truly is a matter of life or death . 
  those who resist will have to be dealt with . . 
   you do n't need investment . 
  we need a worldwide ban on fossil fuels . 
  we need to be able to go to the small mining towns in west virginia and tell them that no more husbands or sons will be harmed working in those nasty mines . 
  put the crack pipe down ... 
  i work in the center of the city and i 've never seen so many black people here . 
  do n't know what to make of it . 
  spillover from sweden ? 
  carbon pledges ? 
  i ca n't think of anything more naive . 
  the only way to stop this , is to make fossil fuels irrelevant . 
  investments in better nuclear power plants are needed . 
  also investments in fusion research . 
  this needs to be massive , like a marshal plan for climate/energy . 
  cutting back carbon is a pointless activity when you do n't have an alternative . 
  humankind does not cut back , it builds bigger and better ... 
  only problem i have with the death penalty is the fact that innocents get executed . 
  that 's a really really really big problem though . 
  for that reason alone i 'm leaning on the '' no '' side ... 
  personally i do n't care . 
  either one works for me , as long as i see what i 'm doing . 
   what planet are you living on to think people go out of their way to find incandescent bulbs when they can just find cfls at their local supermarket ... 
  ridiculous . 
  in the north ? 
  a lot of people and you can buy them easily . 
  many complain that the white light is too sterile and cold and prefer the warm glow of incandescent bulbs . 
  if you lived here in the cold and dark it would make perfect sense . . 
   i highly doubt the average person breaks the law for this and goes to stores that are not targeted to non-industrial customers , or buys them online illegally ... lol what planet do you live on ? 
  especially in ee people will consume what they want . 
  in the ussr everything was illegal , no one cared . 
  plus it 's dictated by the eu , so not really legitimate in the peoples eyes ... 
  lol those packages are cool . 
  10/10 would buy !, 
  trust them to lead europe in a direction that is beneficial for europe . 
  trust them with investments ... france is unpredictable for anyone who is not french . 
  germany has a history of fucking up and is basically trying to rule over people it tried to exterminate in the past ( instant -1 to trust ) . 
  also germany has a strong ideological bent , ca n't count on germany to act in the rational interests of it 's own and europe 's people . 
   the uk has n't been doing shit for the eu for a long time and it 's already `` dominated '' by france and germany . 
  kicking the uk wo n't change that . 
  if the uk is officially out of the eu , it will be a huge blow to eu-s credibility .
