  you moron ... 
  oh please . 
  maastricht treaty anyone ? 
  do n't tell me to follow the rules , when everyone else breaks them ... 
  there is nothing libertarian in what i just wrote . 
  we do not live in a libertarian world . 
  that does not mean that we should not have fiscal responsibility . 
  '' and greeces problems were rooted in the endemic culture of shirking tax responsibility . '', 
  you think the people of your country pay taxes just because they have pure hearts or something ? 
  send all your tax authorities on vacation and see how much taxes you collect . 
  it has nothing to do with responsibility . 
   i think your idea that buiness is being fettered by `` left wing bureaucracy '' is utterly naive . 
  business has proven it is unable to self-regulate . 
  it needs to be regulated - we have learned that the hard way . 
  a fair share of tax and rules must be enforced or else you get a situation like greece . 
  you are mixing the real economy with the financial industry . 
  the banking sector is/was out of control , no doubt about it . 
  they are involved in the process of money creation . 
  the leverage the financial sector creates is the real problem here . 
  it sends out false signals to the businesses that actually create value . 
  businesses think times are good , not looking at where the money comes from and they overextend . 
  credit dries up and people go bankrupt . 
  the key point here is , that this is enabled by the government . 
  the government allows this to happen . 
  taxes punish all businesses , control leverage and you can control the problem . 
  just raising taxes does not solve the problem , it just adds more pressure on businesses . 
  to get to the point , one sector of the economy is above the ( natural ) law . 
  they are above market forces , and all problems stem from there . 
  red tape is a major problem for businesses outside the financial sector . 
  there is simply nothing good about it . 
  the end customer pays for the red tape . 
  does red tape help to make the product better ? 
  does it make the product cheaper for the consumer ? 
  no . . the consumer pays for all of it in the end . 
  and gets a raw deal . 
  this is not a big problem where i live though . 
  everything can be done on the web without pesky paper pushers slowing us down . 
  greeces problem was created mostly by the public sector . 
  corruptions is the key word here . 
  greece needs services like estonia has . 
  make as much as you can digital and public . 
  you ca n't bribe a computer ( atleast not witout everyone knowing about it ) . 
  with all the money we are throwing at greece , it solutions for the public sector should atleast be a part of it . 
  sorry i ca n't continue this conversation right now , the markets are opening and i 'm fairly drunk . 
  it was a pleasure ... 
  well for the time being . 
  we will see how it works out in the second part of the century . 
  all those asians are doing pretty damn well in their pisa tests , while the west is falling behind . 
  employees always think they have it great , until they do n't . 
  if you can keep pulling that rabbit out of the hat , more power to you . 
  if you can keep making money like you are now , there is no problem . 
  i fear , that in a few decades you will find yourself in a swimming competition with a backpack full of bricks on your shoulders . 
  if not , it 's all gravy . . side note : i have never met a successful person in my life who would care about free healthcare , unionized labor or his ranking on some obscure quality of life index . 
  i guess there 's a first time for everything . 
  sorry for my shitty english . 
  lots of coherent arguments in your post . 
  loved the '' free '' healthcare and basic economics part too . 
  i can tell you one thing though , a cushy unionised position could not pay for the '' shithole '' i live in . 
  does your boss depend on unionised positions also ? 
  anyway sounds luxurious , i 'm green with envy !, 
  ah the classic leftist '' crumbling infrastructure '' line , while you spend money on welfare and other idiotic social engineering projects . 
  bread and circus ftw !, 
  good news is you do n't need any infrastructure if you tax your companies until they become uncompetitive and declare bankruptcy . 
  as we like to say '' quit eating and you do n't need to worry about where you 're going to take a shit ! '', 
  i 'm guessing you are not a business owner ? 
   that 's because they still are scared of communism and associate left wing with communism ( despite most on the left being against totalitarianism - certainly more than on the right ) . 
  the left wing literally takes money out of the pockets of workers and business owners and let 's some buerocrat with zero knowledge of value creation play god with it . 
  what 's not to like . 
  they rule you with your own money . 
  maybe you live in a country where the left wing puts lower taxes on you than the right . 
  i do n't . . 
   then stop bringin it up in a discussion what just makes your statement utterly stupid to begin with . 
  fair enough . . 
   what is that for a small minded shitty answer . 
  you are probably talking about the german reich and not germany but it seems you can \u00b4 t hold them apart . 
  it \u00b4 s like if i would start talking about how estonians or wherever you come from , raped german children and women at the end of ww2 ... just a stupid equation . 
  i don \u00b4 t see the need to talk to you further on this grouds , you just made this whole discussion worthless . 
  so you start with '' oh fuck off ! '', 
  and then get offended ? 
  grow a pair !, 
  man you 're thin skinned . 
  '' it \u00b4 s like if i would start talking about how estonians or wherever you come from , raped german children and women at the end of ww2 '' yeah you could , if it had actually happened . 
  highly unlikely . 
  personally i have no issues with the german past . 
  germans have apologized to the point that they are now scared of their own shadow . 
  everything is square in my book . 
  which was kind of my point . 
  yeah i could care less if i offend a german after the shit you 've put my people through . 
  that said offending anyone was not my intention . 
  '' the syrian refugees would end up on the german border so or so . '', 
  well here is the first problem . 
  even in tiny estonia this would not be possible . 
  we would mobilize the military immediately . 
  we take our borders very seriously and so should the eu . 
  so first thing you do is call for a eu wide joint military operation to catch all the refugees/migrants what have you and send them back to where they first entered for processing . 
  this should have happened years ago . 
  obviously greece , italy or whoever do not have the resources to go at it alone . 
  they need help , both money and manpower . 
  secondly start working with us and turkey for the syrian isis free zone . 
  all these options are on the table .
