  depends on what kind of deals we get . 
  if we can negotiate free trade , we 'll be fine . . 
   you piece of shit would be under soviet government if we did n't have wwii so stop mime the wise man here estonian boy . 
  lol you saved us huh ? 
  hey , no need to get all bent out of shape . 
  fact is , you lost !, 
  was it good or bad , does not matter . 
  winners write history !, 
  is it hypocritical ? 
  probably . 
  still it 's a fact , that historically , you have built up and burned it all to the ground multiple times . 
  what you did or how you did it , is irrelevant to my point ... 
  you think that 's just forgotten ? 
  * poof * ... never happened ... wtf get real , no one will let you dominate for a long long time . . 
   iirc the uk wanted your entry asap , which prompted the opinion that she expected your entry to be toxic to the eu project . 
  who 's opinion ? 
   implying you know how to do `` it '' well historically ... they know better than you ... 
   well i would n't either and i 'm neither french nor german , soo . . how about scaling it down just a notch more ? 
  i know !, 
  austrians would n't mind ... so there 's one . . 
   sucks to be you then . 
  and no , you ca n't come to planet earth , we 're full . 
  yeah , good luck with that . . 
   the uk is a puppet of the us . 
  having uk in the eu ensures us influence . 
  ( the german government is also a puppet of the us though . 
  see nsa / nuclear weapons in germany ) you do realize that no one trusts germany right ? 
  not to the extent of running the whole continent without a counterweight . 
  are you aware of the fact that you are surrounded by countries , you have murdered and dominated in the past , while ruining your own country in the process ? 
  can you see how that might be an issue ? 
  i do n't know what planet you live on , but on my planet there is no '' otherwise '' , there 's just influence . . 
   that said , i 'm not arguing that we are different , just saying that assuming stuff is not a great way to deal with real-life issues . 
  who cares which social media i use ( hate both vk and fb and the rest of them ) ? 
  does this have anything to do with what i think of estonia and of estonians ? 
  nope , not in the slightest  that 's a great attitude to have . 
  if we discard outside influences , i do believe coming generations would work together just fine . 
  some day the ussr will be ancient history . 
  unfortunately history is still fresh and outside issues are causing ripples to some extent . 
  let 's hope we can maintain . . having an aging population is also not a plus right now ... 
   tallinn is a bit different story , lasnam\u00e4e ( a russian-majority commieblock area ) is not the favourite district , for sure , but it might do as it is cheaper and generally , you wo n't be working/studying there . 
  it 's still part of the capital , so you have all the services available . 
  otherwise , suburbanization is going strong in tallinn , as you can see on the map . 
  it 's also the difference in culture . 
  russians like to live closer together , they are social creatures . 
  estonians favorite food is another estonian , so we like our privacy ( or we might get eaten ) . 
  i just sold an apartment in lasnam\u00e4e ( the russian commieblock district ) . 
  and i sold it to a man who could have easily moved to a much more private place outside of tallinn , but he chose lasnam\u00e4e because of reasons . . estonians have historically lived in country houses that were so far away from each other that you could not see your neighbor . 
  a friend in real estate told me that russians do n't care about that at all . 
  they care about communications more , than estonians care about peace and quiet . 
  so that 's one thing to think about . . 
   they 're one of the most important eu members . 
  they are in numbers but not as leaders . 
  france has too many problems of their own . 
  not really fit to be an anchor of faith at this point in time . 
  around the world , right now , france is not viewed as a rational actor in many aspects . . 
  oh france says a lot of things lol ... 
   germany is peanuts ? 
  germany is not peanuts , but in the global business community , london has a lot more pull than frankfurt or berlin . 
  especially among our burger munching friends . 
  and the french have all but destroyed their reputation . 
  so at this moment , when the eu is facing a serious identity crisis . 
  a vouch from uk would go a long way . 
  it 's all about faith and trust , the eu could use a win right about now . . 
  well it 's obvious you are just young . . so let 's leave it at that . . 
  yeah , uk . . 
  the 3 trillion dollar economy . 
  i guess that 's just pocket change for you huh ? 
  '' why ? '', 
  pay me 75 % of my employees salary and he will be doing work that in normal market conditions would not be possible . . for me , a short term benefit but it would not help the employee one bit longer term . 
  getting him 75 % off for a while will not make him a money printing machine . . 
  it would be a disaster . 
  i do n't understand how people ca n't see this . 
  this could easily be the straw that breaks the camels back . 
  there is not much faith in eu , outside of eu . 
  brexit would mean that one of the most important countries inside eu has lost faith . 
  greece was a sneeze compared to that prospect ... 
  oh i know . . i 'm just messing around . 
   being a product of an intermarriage myself , i can tell you they do n't really matter . 
  because estonians and russians are so different you ultimately gravitate towards one identity or another i can imagine how that can mess with ones head . 
  do you want porridge or salsa for the rest of your life ? 
  the difference in temperament is that big . 
  exactly !, 
   edit : catchphrases like '' exclusive ! '', 
  '' vip !, 
  '' ... pictures of expensive brandy , expensive cars and strippers on the flier are also dead giveaways . . 
   like what , where ? 
  plenty of clubs , bars and events catering to the russian population . 
  ( you 'll know by the tacky interior design lol ), 
   yeah but that 's the thing we `` stupid leftards '' have warned of for years . 
  it 's no that the csu or even the afd are violent organisations , but with their constant anti-islam propaganda they create a social climate where people who are n't mentally stable or the far-right idiots think they are doing something good for the germans by committing crimes like that . 
  it 's too late now , this is just the beginning . 
  you will see organized violent attacks with a lot more casualties . 
  i would think that the main targets would be leftists . 
  same logic as breivik . 
  a traitor is worse than the enemy or along those lines ... 
  i would venture to guess not very common . 
  to a large degree we are just two totally different societies that do n't intermingle that much . 
  i guess you can see some younger russians integrating and identifying as estonians , but that might be just the media showing those people off . 
  still on the street you notice that the majority of young russians do not speak estonian and go to totally different places than young estonians . 
  personally i am in my thirties and i do n't have a single russian friend .
