how the hell is your police so incompetent ? 
  i ca n't imagine our police being that soft . 
  they 'd be maced and ziptied if they resisted . . now the courts are another story . . 
   force them to take those loans if your government can be blackmailed and forced then the people responsible must be captured and thrown in jail for treason . 
  i wonder why no one has forced estonia to take on irresponsible debt ? 
  any theories ? 
  '' eu leaders should be more like the european commission , according to dimitris avramopoulos : they should stop thinking about the political cost of accepting refugees . '', 
   hungary is perfectly fine with our multiculturalism when it 's paying for their fucking country , ask them to pay it forward , by helping another fucked up people ? 
  `` nah brah , they 're brown . '', 
  guess you got fucked over then huh ? 
  pay it forward ? 
  socialist logic ... not even once !, 
   but foreign investment and easy foreign loans are fine , right ? 
  you think you can buy a countries sovereignty ? 
  get a clue buddy !, 
  and stop spreading the lie that investments are made out the goodness of your heart !, 
   we could house and process so many refugee 's fairly for this money , why are we wasting it so badly !, 
  lol !, 
  my bad ... 
   which was better than the east in every way possible nonsense . 
  most of the americans i have spoken to , know little to nothing about what happened behind the iron curtain . 
  my impression is you see the soviet union as a real union , like the eu . 
  we call it '' prison of nations '' . 
  nothing about it was consensual . 
  also your miscalculation on russia illustrates it clearly . 
  remember the reset button ? 
  i still can not believe that actually happened . 
  embarrasing . 
  the biggest advantage russia has over you , is that you do n't understand russia at all . . 
  shame on you finland ... fucking russophobes ... 
  is there any reason to believe they are more competent ? 
   its not about ` calling the shots ' but about being a counterweight for germany . 
  without france , greece would likely be in a worse situation today . 
  yeah i remember when hollande was running . 
  promised to end austerity in europe etc etc. . . that lasted for how long ? 
  a few months after he was elected ? 
  his approval rating plummeted very quickly . 
  now he 's just an empty suit , keeping his mouth shut , because every time he opens it , something stupid comes out . 
  not much of a counterweight . 
  more like barely hanging on ... 
   they are struggling too much economy-wise and politically ( fn being a main reason ) to really act . 
  fn might be the reason they are struggling internally , but no one in europe trusts hollande 's government . 
  no one wants a socialist idiot calling the shots in europe . 
  france is somewhat like sweden in that sense . 
  sure sweden is nordic and all that , but none of the other nordic countries are too keen following sweden with reckless abandon . . they are both outliers and outliers ca n't be leaders . 
  hollande came to power in france much like syriza in greece . 
  everyone believed that democracy can magically make all problems disappear ... 
   til that all of the middle east is saudi arabia . 
  here in sweden there has been numerous high profile murders by baltic immigrants , syrians have an actual excuse to be here , you guys do n't , please stay on the other side . 
  not my fault you attract scum . 
  last time i visited sweden i was 10 years old . . ca n't even remember why ... 
   small states regularly spy on big neighbours . 
  some of the most valuable intelligence soups of ww2 were scored by small intelligence services . 
  things have changed quite a bit since ww2 do n't you think ? 
  believe whatever you want to believe . 
  teabeamet has it 's hands full with people who are already inside estonia . 
  to me , elaborate operations inside russia do not make sense . 
  we just do not have the capability . 
  intel from us or nato would be of better quality , than anything we could ever produce . 
  the cost/benefit is just not there imo ... 
   do you really believe , estonia a tiny country of 1,3 million people could give two shits about spying on russia ? 
  we have reasonable access to us , uk and nato intelligence , why would we send a publicly known intelligence officer to russia ? 
  it would make absolutely no sense . 
  there really would be no point for us to spy on russia . 
  i mean what are we going to do with the information ? 
  topple putin ? 
  lol ... 
  it 's like andorra spying on france . 
  does not make much sense does it ? 
  and if we did spy on russia , i 'm sure we could at least find someone who looks and sounds russian . . kohver was most likely investigating some drug smuggling ring or something . 
  probably was going to buy some information with the money . 
  turned out to be a trap . . 
   yeah the uk , the country that has half the population wanting to leave the eu will lead it ... france is the other best option anyone would be better than germany . 
  france leading the eu ? 
  no ... just no !, 
   and despite our failures in the refugee crises - most european nations still side with germany . 
  that can change in the blink of an eye . 
  if a country such as the uk wanted to become more involved in eu politics , germany 's position could weaken very quickly . 
  let 's face it . 
  you do n't have any friends in the south and now you are loosing friends in the east at record speed . 
  germany only leads because uk is not interested in leading . . 
   just to give you some context edmonton the northern most decently sized city in canada , and for most canadians is probably the farthest north they will ever go . 
  canadians merely adopted the cold . 
  finnic people were born in it , molded by it ... to be fair you are noobs ... 
   yet the arguments were the same - they will never integrate , they are violent by nature , they will take our jobs , they will leech from our benefits ... yeah i remember estonia before the eu was a nightmare . 
  women were not allowed to leave the house without a ghost costume . 
  and people were beheaded left and right . 
  not to mention , everyone was super religious back then . . 
  it really was exactly like the middle east . . 
  touch your toes while i shove my '' social construct '' up your ... 
   does n't spain have an army ? 
  do n't spaniards care about something as basic as territorial integrity ? 
  those things are taboo in modern europe ... 
  steroids/growth hormone is a different story altogether . 
  bmi stops working with 2 years of good exercise , unless you are really really skinny . 
  it 's normal to have 15 % walking around bodyfat . 
  my build may be a bit more on the athletic side but nothing that would stick out . 
  nowhere near a bodybuilders level . . 
  bmi 26,3 but my bodyfat is around 15 % ... see ? 
  i 've never read about anyone in the fitness community who takes bmi seriously . .
