  2 years in the gym and you can throw bmi out the window . . 
  there is no price to be paid . 
  you choose to pay a price . 
  no one in the world can force the richest continent with half a billion people to do anything . 
  if you choose to shoot yourself in the foot , that 's another story . . 
   but hey , as long as you 're here redpilling the brainwashed masses , it 's all dandy and fine . 
  so in other words you are irresponsible with your money ? 
  why ? 
  are the french racist ? 
   someone taking control of your car from parking lot ( unused ) and later paying some amount they calculated fair is a lot like stealing . 
  this is theft . 
  no two ways about it ... 
  they are given what other flats of the same quality in the same area cost . 
  what the hell has that got do to with anything ? 
  if it 's my propety i should be able to ask whatever i want . 
  this is insanity . 
  if this happens in my country , it 's time to pick up a weapon . 
  private property is private property . 
  no way will i ever let the government decide what or how much i can own . 
  this is robbery plain and simple . . 
  is this real ? 
  if so then ewww ... 
  i would also like to know . . 
  do it . 
  you have every reason to stick it to austria and germany after how you 've been treated . 
  they are not your friends , that much is clear . . 
  courtesy of rt. . . 
   ` murica is the most unequal country in the developped world , with barely 3 million people ( the top 1 % ) controlling up to 42 % of the wealth . 
  yet this is staggeringly smaller than in russia , where around 100 people control 30 % of the economy . 
  russia is almost 1000 times more unequal than the developped world 's most unequal country - that 's why they can beat them at corruption . 
  it 's basically not a nation state , it 's a feudal energy fiefdom . 
  equality and corruption are two very different things . 
  ca n't make the argument that less equality equals more corruption . 
  there are other factors at play here . 
  like the fact that most of the workforce can not compete with china or india . . 
  hey if you are already sanctioning a country , why not take their money as well ? 
  i mean that 's kind of the point ... 
   if you risk getting sent to romania or estonia ( sorry in advance ) instead of sweden or uk , you 'll think twice before deciding to leave . 
  if you are indeed running for your life , then it will be acceptable for you to go to a less rich country . 
  because the solution is to secure the eu borders and start building camps in syria . 
  if you needed military or monetary help for that , ee would have been aboard . 
  that would work for everyone . 
  good leadership would have been to pick a solution that works for everyone and not to piss off your partners . 
  anyway it 's too late now . 
  confidence in the eu is once again compromised and it 's time to prepare for the fallout . . 
   at this point you 're reaching a level of complexity that it would be much simpler to just hire the ones who arrived to germany legally . 
  complexity ? 
  i take you are not a businessman ? 
  pretty much this . . 
  i thought that was a thing among the local inuit mostly ? 
  they are having a hard time bridging the gap between the modern world and traditional values . 
  also alcohol always helps in destroying aboriginals around the world for some reason . 
  guess it 's trial by fire and all our lightweights already died out . 
  meh ... i do n't care if it 's 10 square kilometers as long as i know no one else is crazy enough to come there . . 
   sure , the eu only profits from taking countries like bulgaria . 
  and paying back your moral dept is of course the only responsibility you have as a member state . 
  moral debt ? 
  grow up !, 
   it was the eus biggest mistake to take almost entire eastern europe as economic refugees after the fall of the soviet union . 
  we pumped billions into your countries to get them to western standards . 
  but now , as we call for your responsibilities as members of the eu to do the same and care about humans in desperate need , who 're also no eu citizens , just like citizens of the eastern bloc , you give us the finger . 
  great ... back to school buddy . 
  and this time choose a proper subject instead of gender studies or smth . 
  if you actually think taking in eastern europe to the eu is somehow a net loss to your economies you are delusional !, 
  polands gdp is almost ~ 1 trillion dollars . 
  and who do they trade with ? 
  you are getting your money back and then some . 
  a great investment if there ever was one . . 
  all i know is , i 'm not going voting anymore . 
  i 'm not voting for the far-right , but i 'm not giving a mandate to the spineless morons sucking merkels tit either ... 
   i 'm watching all the whining with a big smile on my face . 
  what a great day . 
  i 'm glad the east will finally do something . 
  what will ee finally do ? 
  way too early to celebrate , ee was just handed to the far-right on a silver platter . 
  the governments just pissed off the majority of the population . 
  come next elections heads will roll . 
  this is in no way good for the migrants or anyone involved . 
  no fuck do n't ruin greenland !, 
  i was planning to escape there , once shit hits the fan . 
  ( they 'll never find me in greenland muahahaha ... or so i thought . ), 
  wohooo !, 
  now let 's hope it sticks . 
  or hope his heart ca n't take it . 
  either way the sooner we get rid of this human piece of trash the better ... 
  i think you 'll find that the average western european is more entitled than your average american . 
  u.s. is a much more rugged society in general ... 
  this government will . 
  can they survive it , is another story . 
  i predict come next elections , nationalists will gain more votes because the population is overwhelmingly against taking immigrants . 
   yeah , let 's get a few of our own killed just so we can get rid of immigrants in need . 
  if you are an individual that thinks it will be worth it in the long run , it 's a great plan . 
  just saying , you need to get the people riled up and then you can make a move . 
  governments all around europe are loosing their head and turning on each other , that 's also a plus . . disclaimer : i do not advocate these actions , i 'm just saying that 's one way you might go about it . 
   muuuhhh feelings :( ( ( the timing is perfect if you want them out of europe . 
  provoke them and they will give you a reason to attack them while looking like you 're playing defence . 
  just tactics . . 
  this is only the beginning . . 
  without alcohol ? 
  impossibru !,
