  not by choice , just never happened ... 
   hire a newly landed immigrant , have 75 % of the salary payed by us . 
  wtf ? 
  that 's just bonkers ... 
   what do you mean by different culture ? 
  what are differences between you two ? 
  what are the differences between germans and italians for example ? 
  too many to list . 
  we are two totally different cultures . 
  language , customs ... everything . 
  russians being our historical enemies does not help either . . 
   why do russians and estonians live seperately in tallin ? 
  why would people who have very little in common , live together ? 
  they do n't speak our language , different culture , historical differences etc. . etc. . . 
   school should be more fun . 
  because if you think about it , the ultimate aim of education is having fun / feeling good . 
  the ultimate aim of education is to give you the proper skills for making money . 
  make money , have all the fun you desire . . 
   paternal lineage the only lineage that counts . . fatherland ftw !, 
  no one had high hopes for the cccp . 
  maybe russians . . 
   sweden has n't had a war in 200 years . 
  do n't underestimate the effects of this . 
  this is why i find it weird that you think you can integrate muslim men . 
  if you really are such a feminine society , you will get no respect from people who come from hardship . 
  you will be viewed as mentally weak and inferior . 
  i struggle to see how even an estonian male could ever accept the things that for swedish men are the norm . 
  simply put , alpha males have no interest in learning from beta males . . 
  this is a classic case of the nerdy rich kid , trying to impress some ghetto kids by throwing a party in his parents house . 
  only to discover that the ghetto kids had no interest in being friends with you in the first place and your house now trashed . . 
  lol ca n't wait to see what sweden looks like in 10 years ... i 'm gon na need a lot of popcorn . . 
   lets hope you are wrong . 
  if that pic is correct , there will be no fuss over it . 
  that 's more of an rc plane than a drone . 
  if it was something similar to the predator drone , now that would be something . . 
   the v4 . 
  each member nation seems to have pretty high hopes for it and yet it never fails to disappoint . 
  reminds me of another club ... 
  something tells me if things go that far , sweden will be forced to co-operate or get bombed by both sides . . 
   read my comment again , im saying the problem is perpetuated because socialism in europe is losing its base . 
  that base needs replenishing , so you bring in endless ammounts of people who need the wellfare state . 
  i agree with your point , perhaps i should have put / s or something in the comment . 
  it wo n't last forever , things will get violent way before the left gets enough drones . . 
   - so awesome to be american , am i right dudebruh ? 
  hopefully i 'll soon be working 396 hours a week . 
  omg it 's the best thing ever , so much freedom !, 
  wow you guys really hate working ... 
   but they can not be taxed the same as companies employing regular workforce . 
  i still do n't get why ? 
  umm you can raise the minimum wage and everything else will just adjust accordingly . 
  you can pay more for shit work , but it 's still just shit work . . 
  ffs taxing innovation ? 
  with people like you we would still be living in the stone age . . 
  you are delusional . 
  if you really think the us will give up it 's power to cater to mcdonalds workers you are out of your mind . 
  mcdonalds workers do not matter !, 
  never have , never will . 
  being the business and military hub of the western world does matter !, 
   the guy is a social democrat . 
  he plans to reform the tax system into something like western europe , particularly scandinavia has , and this should cover much of the expenses for welfare systems . 
  that will never ever happen . 
  the us is a superpower and the scandinavian model works ( debatable ) for scandinavia because they are small and irrelevant . 
  they do n't have to project power . 
  also you can already see the cracks starting to appear in nordic countries . 
  there 's a good chance their model is on the way out . . 
   working in a mcdonalds is n't a regular job no shit ... it 's basically charity very soon . 
  those jobs will be automated sooner rather than later . 
   we 're third world by european standards . 
  european standards only appeal to the plebs . 
  the us is superior in every way . 
  if you actually want to do something with your life . . 
   yeah i feel like most of it is just preaching to the choir . 
  reddit is dominated by 16 to 24 year old socialists and liberals , and so is most social media . 
  a lot of his campaign online is just spouting buzz words and frazes like : `` healthcare ! '', 
  `` tax the rich !!! '', 
  `` minimum wage '' this . 
  sanders is never going to win . . 
  wow my brain hurts . . that is so pointlessly complicated . . 
  that 's law , but how will it be carried out in the real world . 
  what sort of man-hours are we talking about here ? 
  how quickly can you separate the economic refugees vs the real ones ? 
  what sort of experts does that require ? 
  do you have the facilities for it ? 
  but mainly , if a migrant arrives in germany in september , when will he know if he/she '' has past the test '' ... and are they until then in a secure facility ? 
  again , self-inflicted injury . 
  right now the muslim population is manageable . 
  the problem is that the governments do nothing when they spot extremism , in fear of being called racist . 
  the law is enforced unequally , muslims get a way with what can be called as hate speech way too often . 
  and it 's acceptable because they are '' culturally different '' . 
  crack down hard , if you want results . . also by your logic , the last thing those countries should be doing is accepting more muslims , given that they are the main targets of wahhabists . 
   again , idk about sweden but i just said how it is in germany , if you have a strong accent , or do n't know very specific things about the local geographie of the region of syria you claim to be from , or if you ca n't comprehend syrian texts and stuff , you will not be able to claim to be syrian ... 
  even if you are successful with identifying who is from syria or not , it is my impression that actually physically getting the impostors out of your country is much more difficult . 
  we 're talking possibly millions of people here ... 
  greedy penguin bankers had their claws so deep in the financial system , they had to be exterminated , to build the welfare state . 
  never trust a penguin !, 
  you think that [ this ] ( http://www.trbimg.com/img-543214f2/turbine/redeye-robin-lord-taylor-interview-gotham-penguin-20141005 ) sleazebag being called '' the penguin '' is a coincidence ? 
  hardly !, 
   pretend for a moment that you lived in country with millions i do n't . 
  neither are most of them our allies ( turkey is . . ) . 
  it 's none of my concern .
