  attack us ? 
   they should face the consequences . 
  so your advice is to just give up ? 
  sorry , not going to happen . . also this part : '' when a small country opens up to world it 's always better for it . 
  for instance countries such as uk , germany and france can endure santcions or no trade far better than ee countries . '', 
  this is just incoherent rambling ... 
   an individual in an ee country can have a better life in general compared to an individual with the same opportunuties inside that ee country 20 years ago . 
  which to me is an improvement . 
  one can study in a better university for less cost and can actually work through and afford his/her studies . 
  so what ? 
  what has that got to do with anything . 
  yes , countries do benefit from free trade , both sides benefit from trade . 
  we have worked for our success it has not been given to us . 
  eu structural funds are a very very small part of that . 
  will be like 5 billion in total . 
  that is not a enough to concede sovereignty . 
  free movement also works both ways . 
  new markets for your entrepreneurs , new jobs for our workers . . all that has nothing to do with this crisis ... we do n't owe you jack . 
  if you want the money back . 
  i 'm sure most people would rather do that , because we did not join eu for the financial aid anyway . 
  we 're not that big on '' free '' lunches . . 
  and why is that ? 
   eastern europe will be the end of the eu . 
  if the eu is going to be another ussr , then let 's hope so . 
  you 're welcome !, 
   i guess better get used to it , as it is going to be passed on for generations . 
  if it keeps going on like this , you will have white extremists in power in one generation and anyone brown will get shot on the street . . 
  the us might not want a hot war . 
  a cold war will go just as it did the last time . 
  russia will loose ( only faster ) . 
  you could even argue that it has already started . . 
   she looks exactly like i thought she 'd look . 
  yup , that 's a bona fide shit hippie right there . 
  if that ever happens here , i will find a way to start a war with russia ... nuke us from orbit . . it 's the only way to be sure . . 
   do you even know what you 're talking about , or even what you 're reading ? 
  when did i say russia would pick a fight with the us ? 
  you are saying the us would pick a fight with russia over a country that practically means nothing to them . 
  does the us seem like country that backs out of a fight ? 
  nato is the cornerstone of us power . 
  one of the reasons us can create money like no tomorrow and get away with it . 
  they have the biggest stick , smart money is always on us until that is true . 
  all that is worth throwing away over an economically insignificant petrostate in your opinion ? 
  how does that apply to europe exactly ? 
  this article is absolute bs . . 
  yeah that recipe works when your currency is the reserve currency . 
  that is a huge advantage the us has . 
  others have to build reserves during the good times . 
  and that 's where governments mostly fail . 
  also it wont always work in the long term if the problems are structural . 
  for some reason the fed is not in a hurry to pull away the honeypot and if a new lehman happens , they have shot their wad already . 
   because , of britain and the eastern europeans ( e.g. 
  poland , czech republic and hunangary ) . 
  for the same reason they are against refugee quotas , for the same reason they were against increasing the rigths of the eu and frontex . 
  they see it as ` not their problem ' and if somebody brings it up , it is evil imperialism . 
  all you hear about here is '' wtf why is no one protecting the borders ? '', 
  they will compromise . . both will give up something . . 
  why not ? 
   for those who 'll ratify ... why should n't we hold you responsible some day - retroactively , and let you pay with life and blood . 
  cool , same goes for the refugee crisis i hope ? 
   although all together free trade with the us would be amazing . 
  eu rules are way too restrictive and idiotic . 
  no way is the us that stupid . . 
  why should these things be mandatory ? 
  especially the 40 hour work week . 
  bullshit laws aimed at pleasing slackers . . 
   trump is so often bankrupt he 's clearly a greek-american . 
  he actually has german roots :d, 
   but seriously , in worker laws , the us is closer to developing countries than to developed countries . 
  how so ? 
   are food , housing , clothes etc. 
  human rights ? 
  yes ? 
  why do you even say they are pro-russian ? 
  i can see that about orban , but the others . 
  they just look pro-themselves imo . 
  '' i do n't understand this reasoning . 
  v4 are democratic states , they elected their pro - russian leaders . '', 
  the same way you can vote to be in the eu , because you think free trade in europe is a good thing and later find out you are forced to bring migrants into your country . 
  in politics you always get a spoonful of sugar and a bigger spoonful of shit right after that . 
  i doubt any of the parties we 're elected on a '' let 's join russia 's sphere of influence '' platform . 
   one could even argue allowing europe to be given a reality check would be beneficial to us long-term interests in getting european nations to invest in their military infrastructures and personnel . 
  what would that reality check look like ? 
  russian soldiers taking everything from estonia to poland ? 
  you do realize that once that happens , that part of the world is russia for good . 
  also the population will now serve as russian soldiers . 
  so more enemies for you . 
  next up germany ? 
  if you give an inch , sooner or later the us will have to get involved and then we 're talking nukes not military bases . 
   we already are accused by many that we sponsored a coup in ukraine . 
  sorry , but we have little to gain from getting more involved . 
  this is a european issue and needs to stay that way . 
  by whom ? 
  that 's the key here . 
  why the fck do you care what western europe thinks when you have real allies just east of germany , serious about defense . 
  the eu is not a single country . 
  you want total isolation for the us ? 
  why does it make sense to start a war in some random desert country and at the same time not care about your allies ? 
  schizophrenic behavior . . 
   a `` real leader '' would have already fallen into one of the putin 's traps . 
  merkel and hollande might very well see putin 's body flow by the river .
