  uk acts as a counterweight to germany/france . 
  like i said , no one in the world trusts that combo . 
  well it 's 100 % true in the financial circles . . uk is way more trusted than the eu . 
  that would be idiotic . 
  london is the financial hub of europe and will be long after the eu . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , it 's just a matter of time before the whole thing collapses . 
  eu dominated by france and germany ? 
  lol ... 
  the 2 countries no one in the world trusts . . 
  damn ... never seen northern lights in estonia with my own eyes ... 
  better ? 
  yes and i 'm sure every time you see news of someone getting killed in traffic , it hurts as much as if it was your own mother . 
  you must cry yourself to sleep every night ... cry for me too , will you ? 
  agree . 
   the iraqi people did n't deserve liberation ? 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  the iraqi people deserve a lot better than what they 've got , as fucking people . 
  they 're not animals . 
  this subreddit is becoming disgusting . 
  of course they are not animals . 
  well technically they are , just like you and me . 
  you just have unrealistic expectations of humans . 
  their beliefs are not compatible with the modern world and they have deep rooted tribal conflicts . 
  they will likely have a new sadam sooner or later ... 
   and your right wing practicality can not explain what 's wrong with genocide . 
  to each their own . 
  umm yeah i 'm pretty sure i know what 's wrong with genocide . . 
   fellow human beings my '' fellow human beings '' are my people and the allies of my people . 
  humans suffer all around the world . 
  that has been a fact of life for thousands of years and will likely be a fact of life for centuries more . 
  want to change it ? 
  get working on a fusion reactor or something . 
  your socialist bs will get you nowhere but the poorhouse ... 
   and ? 
  we already have 150 million on wellfare in eastern and southern europe . 
  a million more makes no difference what ? 
  elaborate please . . 
   the `` s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung '' nahles said : `` we expect next year with additional beneficiaries in a range 240000-460000 people by 2019 this figure could rise to one million . '' . 
  and : `` yes , the numbers are high . '', 
  for comparison , in september 2015 were 4.3 million working-age people hartz iv . 
  confirm the predictions , that would be an increase of 25 percent over the next four years . 
  seems like a lowball estimate . . 
   should we go on a crusade ? 
  maybe nuke the entire middle east ? 
  securing borders is enough . . they pose no threat , unless you let them in ... 
   no one is at war with `` the muslim world '' . 
  that idea is just racist oh you are one of those . 
  estonia was directly involved with those events because the germans ordered it . 
  it 's either do what the germans say or get executed . 
  easy choice . . 
  if you think an independent estonia would have exterminated jews , you are out of your mind . 
  finland is not in nato , but you are still infidels , with close ties to the west . 
  i doubt you would be spared if the crazies had their way . . 
   given how willing we are to fuck over other estonians , i really really doubt there 's actually anything to do with culture , only xenophobia at the extreme ( anyone not me is not worth much ) . 
  who 's fucking over who ? 
  give me an example . . 
  germany was . . now nato is ... 
   africa yep africa is likely the next place to drive global growth . 
  the next manufacturing giant . 
  it will be a while though . 
  china 's transition will take time . . 
   both groups are human beings . 
  the problem is that many europeans do n't seem to have any empathy for them because they are brown , muslim , foreigners . 
  color is less relevant than you think . 
  culture is the key issue here . 
  if something happened in let 's say brazil . 
  there would be far less opposition . 
  we are at war with the muslim world . 
  you do n't import your enemies , whatever the humanitarian cost . . 
  no you ca n't . 
  you will never achieve the scale needed . 
  you will never compete with chinese regulations ( or lack of ) . 
  they would have to work for 1-2 $ a day and you need a few hundred million of them . 
  not going to happen . . 
  agree , in estonia you have to work to make ends meet . 
  welfare is basically non existent . . 
   what do you mean by too expensive for unskilled work ? 
  if the work exists , why not take it ? 
  welfare . . 
  economically it would make more sense to bring them to ee than germany , if you go with the cheap labor argument . 
  your minimum wage is 8.50 $ an hour . 
  in estonia it 's 2.34 $ . 
  even at that price , there 's really no business case for unskilled labor . 
  does not even matter , ca n't compete with china either way . . 
   millions of unskilled labourers , corporations must be salivating from every orifice this is not a plus . 
  if you need unskilled laborers , plenty of those in china . 
  european labor laws are not suitable for mass production with low skilled labor ( you would need more than a few million anyway ) , plus everything is moving toward more automation . 
  unskilled immigration will be a drain to the economy any way you slice it . 
  ca n't imagine corporations salivating over higher taxes . . 
   if france left nato , for example and formed its own defense alliance with germany , british troops might be stationed in readiness to defend against french and german attack . 
  why would france leave nato ? 
  why do you think the us will let germany leave nato ? 
  germany is still very much under quarantine . 
  i very much believe any german military build up will get checked very quickly . . ( germans you can take that as a compliment . ), 
   there are always going to be peripheral wars every so often outside of the eu . 
  but the absence of the eu keeps a lot of that tension in check . 
  i do n't want to see things like civil wars in spain again or wars between the uk and france or greece and turkey going to war . 
  uk and france ca n't go to war because both nations have nuclear capability . 
  you 're from cyprus , funnily enough this view is very popular among southern european states . 
  the spaniards i have talked to all share this view .
