  the choice is basically between alcoholism or masochism . 
  same for estonians ... 
   but do n't sign up to our union and lie about your intentions to abide by its rules . 
  no one is forcing any of these states to remain in the eu if they do n't want to . 
  rules can be changed and will be changed many times , before we see what the eu will actually look like . 
  all you need is the majority backing you . . 
  you would loose that bet !, 
  ( wish i was that young ) wtf ? 
  where did i threaten you ? 
  i 'm just saying that 's a possible scenario , one that looks more real with each passing day . 
  you know what 's hitleresque ? 
  extreme reckless social engineering projects , with no way to tell what the results will be . 
  while ignoring the ever growing resentment of the general public . 
  risking everything over some lofty ideals . . 
  please ... hitler has more in common with people like you . 
  so i hope you back off before you start something no one wants to deal with . 
  nah i did not mean it as direct comparison to london . 
  i know london is a lot bigger . 
  maybe i worded it badly . 
  i was just illustrating where my tolerance level was . . 
  i 'm not talking about the eu rules . 
  i 'm talking about the far right rising because people are fed up with leftists . 
  when they get into power , no one will give a shit about the rules . 
  you will soon be the minority and it 's going to get ugly . 
  there 's going to be a witch hunt and people like you will be playing the part of the witch . . 
   sorry to disappoint your anecdotal acquaintances but that is illegal . 
  i 'm born finnish and no one can take that right from me . 
  there are lots of finns who would prefer a nordic union . 
  oh you can do anything you want to traitors . 
  my point was you are not as popular as you think , with your militant leftism . . 
  and then they lecture to eastern europe . 
  fucking pussies would not last a day in the soviet union . 
  i especially hated the guy , who talked about a father holding his son or something with almost a tear in his eye . 
  you really think that 's how the world works huh buddy ? 
  i got news for you ... 
  the first swedish woman who talked , thought they get respect from around the world for their attitude . 
  lol, 
  wow seems like sweden gets it 's politicians from dive bars and drum circles . 
  unreal ... 
  like i said welfare is next to nothing . 
  you literally wo n't live off it . 
  as in you will not be able to buy food or afford heating or an apartment for that matter . 
  people on welfare here live thanks to the support of their families . 
  they live in the houses their parents live in . 
  germany is a large rich country and there are always a black market jobs . 
  especially if you are likely to make connections with your own kind . 
  there are virtually no muslims in estonia , in fact you do n't really see other than white people anywhere . 
  they will be totally alone . . 
  those numbers are horrible !, 
  we have people with higher educations here that ca n't find jobs . 
  i bet the quality of education here is a lot better too . 
  why the hell would i hire a syrian , if right now i can get someone with a bachelors to dig trenches ? 
  there is simply no need for them here . 
  that 's the reality on the ground . 
  do n't even get me started on the language barrier . . 
  who the hell gives a shit about pisa ? 
  almost every economist in the world . 
  that 's where the bar is . 
  that 's what kind of jobs we have to offer . 
  want to talk manual labour ? 
  if you think a syrian can work on a roof in the winter with -25 c outside you are delusional . 
  what are they good at exactly ? 
   and those people sure as hell wont be going to germany to live as homeless beggars . 
  they will take whatever easteurope is giving them and be happy that they 're safe . 
  just as educated my ass . 
  wtf do you think we pick potatoes on the field by hand or something ? 
  no way in hell are they as hardworking or as useful as an estonian laborer . 
  and we send those to finland because we have no work for them here . 
  the jobs they can do are in china ... http://www.bbc.com/news/business-26249042 show me where you see syria in the rankings ? 
   ... well ... you all stop associating germany with being the nazi , and germany can in the future behave like a reasonable country instead of being on guilt-trips all the time towards the max-cosy solution for everyone involved . 
  to be fair the ee was fine with germany until this clusterfuck . 
  actually supported them when se was calling them nazis . 
  now they are alienating ee and i 'm guessing se is still bitter ... not a good way to play it . . 
  if your feels forbid you to think that way , maybe a wink and a nod to china might help ? 
  they seem interested in africa ... 
   you ca n't just go and `` get '' the land . 
  that is called an invasion and moment european solders land they instantly become a target . 
  your suggestion would cause more chose and create more refugees . 
  if i have a shotgun pointed at you and you sit in the corner butt naked , i do not care if i 'm your '' target '' . 
  learn a few things from your bros down south . 
  lol ... 
  well think about it this way . 
  if you are a beggar for example , would it make sense to beg in germany ( more money , softer people ) or estonia ( a lot less money and people who do n't give a shit about you ) . 
  either way they get '' nothing '' , it 's better to get '' nothing '' in germany  . . 
  they will go anyway . 
  they have more of their own there . 
  they will seek illegal employment or become criminals . 
  welfare in ee is not enough to survive on and they are likely next to useless in the job market . 
  they will have better chances in germany in any case . 
  if you give them better welfare than the local salaries in ee , well let 's just say that government will be out of office very soon . 
  wow makes me miss amsterdam . 
  it 's been a few years . 
  one of my favorite cities in europe for sure . 
  it has a very relaxed vibe to it , uncommon for a city that size . 
  i 've never liked london . 
  too much going on for my slow estonian brain to grasp . 
  amsterdam is just right and imo more charming as well . 
  probably visiting again this spring . 
  who is this '' we '' you speak of ? 
  i work for the betterment of me and my family .
