  do they have jobs now ? 
  that 's the important part . . 
   if i 'm honest as a brit living in germany i 'd argue we 're extremely similar in economic and political terms . 
  the concern is that germany will become neo-liberally fundamentalist like the uk has and translate that into europe as a whole pushing down living standards for us plebs . 
  shit i 'm fearing the opposite . 
  germany looks more and more red by the day . . 
  someone should remind them they are not paid to be compassionate . 
  they are paid to do their job ( look after infrastructure , security etc. . of the taxpayers ) . 
  want to be compassionate ? 
  start a private charity with your own money !, 
  http://mapfight.appspot.com/is-vs-dk/iceland-denmark-size-comparison twice as large as denmark . 
  denmark pop . 
  5,6 mil vs. iceland 323k, 
  man that looks beautiful . 
  i 've always had a soft spot for iceland . 
  but i understand that property laws are not that forgiving to foreigners ? 
  the prize has been a joke for a long time . 
  in contrast , many english people do n't especially like their relatives or are apathetic towards them . '', 
  lol . . compared to us you 're like latin lovers . 
  ( it 's cold . . we ca n't waste precious calories on emotions . . ), 
   54 % is still high . 
  it 's high , but you have to take into account that this is the very beginning of the crisis . 
  i suspect things will only get hairier as time goes on . 
   this cluster fuck is the most successful peace project in the history of the world . 
  i know you guys hate migrants but some are going waay to overboard with this eu hate . 
  90 % of it is based on lies and misinformation we 're at peace because of nato . 
  if anything the eu socialists are trying to undermine that peace . 
  going too far too fast is a mistake . . 
   bar some big changes up ahead , it will , it 's creeping through the western culture sphere and i do n't think we 're immune to it , maybe resistant still , but i guess it will remain to be seen . 
  not anytime soon . 
  if anything it will be forced on us by europe . 
  socialists are still getting their asses kicked here . 
  first the gay marriage thing ( not a lot of fans ) , now the forced immigration quotas ( very reminiscent of the soviet era ) , all these things will mainly be associated with the socialists . 
  also resurgent russia , right wing stronger on defense as always . 
  it helps that our socialists are also very incompetent people in general . 
  so this will not happen to estonia for some time , but the propaganda is getting louder . 
   this is great news . 
  pointless speculation on the property market has caused a lot of problems . 
  humans should have a right to a home . 
  that right is in conflict with a company 's right to speculate on property . 
  the individual should win . 
  unfortunately the rules of capitalism in europe have not allowed this . 
  if the rules of the game are unfair then you should change them yeah the system you are describing is not capitalism ... 
  do n't mind tobitobitobitobi , look at his profile . 
  just some random shit-hippy . 
  probably never worked a day in his life . . 
   while still being farther away , it 's not sci-fi at all . 
  in agriculture you have paper thin margins . 
  getting your burger from 300k to 12 $ is much simpler than getting it from 12 $ to pennies . 
  the scale is just immense . 
  also the verdict is not out on electric cars . 
  the market share is still negligible . 
  cheap food is possible , but imo it will need an energy revolution first . 
  meanwhile feeding animals with soymeal remains king . 
  i 'd believe in some gmo supersoy before a lab made burger ... 
  how the hell is it efficient giving anything to a bum ? 
  he clearly sucks at money , that 's why he 's homeless . 
  it would be more efficient to give it to someone who actually has the potential to make something of it . 
  not everyone is going to make it , that 's just a fact of life . . 
  umm yeah . . i 've probably gotten more pussy in my life than your stinking hippy ass , thank you very much . 
  you are the one here who feels entitled to other peoples stuff . 
  much more likely that , you 're the one still stuck on mom 's tit or living of social welfare . 
  that 's the type that usually shares your opinions . . 
  so success is punishable in germany ? 
  why stop there ? 
  why not go for straight up communism . 
  by your logic that should be even better ... 
   if let 's say there is a winter coming and there are people on the streets dieing because they do n't have a warm home or a roof over the head , why should your not used private property be more important than these people ? 
  well if you are cold why not just break into my house and steal a blanket right ? 
  hey go ahead and fuck my wife while your at it . . 
  every business speculates . 
  nothing is certain until the product is sold and the money is in your pocket . 
  why not if you got it for a good price ? 
  might make sense to expand there in the future as the company grows . 
  why would i buy property when the market is up , when i can buy it at a low price and still make money just for waiting ? 
  i should be able to hold my property just because i want to sell it at a higher price in the future . 
  it 's no business of the government . . 
   should be standard practice anyway to curb real estate speculation and price gauging . 
  whats wrong with speculation ? 
  every business is essentially speculative at some point . 
  should investing in stocks or building a retirement portfolio also be discouraged ? 
  building a business might take years . 
  you ca n't force it . 
  also adding that sort of pressure to you entrepreneurs is downright stupid . 
  it 's risky and stressful enough , without the government breathing down your neck . . 
  even if russia disappeared tomorrow , you can bet your ass alex will find material . 
  you ca n't run out of material if you make shit up anyway ... 
  russian media is more like prisonplanet.com feat . 
  alex jones . . 
  most people are def . 
  against it in estonia . 
  that 's pretty obvious if you live here . . do n't know about the rest of the baltic states . . 
  me too please . . 
  i personally would prefer to be a part of us , rather than a federalized eu . 
  do n't know if that would even be possible though . . 
  my great-aunt was sent to siberia for 20 years . 
  when she came back she never wasted food . 
  she even ate bread when it had gone moldy . . 
  if that 's how these people act , do not send them to ee countries . 
  it will be impossible to guarantee their safety and you can sure as hell forget about integration .
