  what propaganda lol ? 
  i was born in the soviet union . 
  i 've heard nothing but threats coming from russia all my life . 
  you can play innocent to the west all you want , but countries next to you know very well what russia is all about . 
   says an estonian who most likely shits himself each time he hears a russian walk by , do n't watch our local television my dear neighbor , we both know its quite shit and full of propaganda . 
  '' most likely shits himself each time he hears a russian walk by '' most likely does everything in his power not to curb stomp that fool right then and there . . ftfy, 
   and i 'm sure the cuban missile crisis was just the us who did n't enjoy getting `` weird stares '' ? 
  or perhaps it has less to do with `` weird stares '' and more to do with leaving your defence and counter-strike options crippled ? 
  any nation would take measures against such things . 
  lol russia is '' nazi germany level asshole '' not even comparable to the states . . 
  yes you are right . 
  you know how geopolitics works ? 
  all of russias neighbors join nato and tell russians to go fuck themselves . 
  tough shit russia . 
  just geopolitics . . 
   if we 're picking the `` best '' ones to live with us and the others to rot there , it sounds very eerily like that . 
  i suppose you ca n't even acknowledge the fascism in this view . 
  lol you could n't make this shit up . 
  uk please do n't leave the eu . 
  germans have lost it again . 
  the 5 enemies of a farmer . 
  winter 2 . 
  spring 3 . 
  summer 4 . 
  autumn 5 . 
  government, 
  that guy is a straight up commie . 
  maybe ` murica can help him see the light ? 
   you really want that ? 
  the most likely outcome is the collapse of the welfare state and the fall of socialist governments all over europe . 
  man , ca n't wait . 
  ca n't happen soon enough . 
  i 'm sure they can spare a few hundred who do n't give a shit if they live or die . 
  that 's more than enough . 
  so how do people get radicalized ? 
  i imagine it 's in similar lines that our own neo-nazis are created . 
  poor , uneducated , no prospects and hated by society at large . 
  not hard to recreate , when everyone starts distancing themselves from anything muslim . 
  opposing mosques etc. . etc. . 
  most of them got the poor and uneducated part down already , so just add a pinch of hate , some ammonium nitrate and voila !, 
  send fighters to eu . 
  let them blow something up/kill a bunch of people . 
  resentment agianst muslims rises . 
  more muslims feel left out . 
  bitter muslims radicalize and join isis . 
  well i would not say they are exactly common . 
  you can probably find an ecotouristy place with one though . 
  we made ours ourselves . 
  define near tallinn ? 
  you can drive to the southern border in about 3 hours from tallinn , estonia is not exactly big . 
  you wo n't find any descent lakes/rivers near tallinn anyway . 
  you 'd have better luck looking around tartu . 
  there are websites online , but they are mostly in estonian . 
  we had a floating sauna in the middle of a river . 
  started swimming to it while drunk . 
  suddenly i was there and i did not remember the swimming part at all . 
  i was a competitive swimmer though , so i guess it 's second nature lol . 
   just like you just did . 
  do n't blame the far-right . 
  this is a self-inflicted wound by the ones currently in power . 
  the left is at fault here . 
  the left is the one putting everyone at risk over some dodgy ideals , the right is just reacting . 
  you are giving europe to the far-right on a silver platter by ignoring the people . 
  hopefully moderate right wing parties can salvage something out of this mess . 
  this refugee crisis is a gift from allah to isis . 
  think how many people they can sneak in . 
  the tensions they can exploit . 
  what more could you ask for ? 
   i trust in our intelligence services to keep our butts safe enough to go about our daily life without a plane dropping on our heads . 
  if it should happen , i do not think we would see a violent backlash . 
  all responses by merkel have been very calculated and measured . 
  some right-wing idiots might try to burn a refugee camp or d\u00f6nerladen , but i do n't think the public at large would resort to violence . 
  that 's asking a bit much when you are taking in so many people . 
  there is no way any intelligence service could cope with that . . 
   i have no idea why you think they 'll be gone , but what worries me is that you would be fine if it happened if the worst thing that europe produced , communism , survived . 
  might want to rethink that statement , that 's no different then saying that you wished that the nazis would have won wwii . 
  exactly !, 
  the soviet union was a nightmare . 
  you think the baltics are sour at russia just out of spite ? 
   russia has no reason to expand it 's land westwards if it is given a reason to feel save there . 
  you know nothing about russia !, 
  russia will use your weakness against you eventually . 
  and then it will be too late . 
   it 's times of crisis when you can see who is truly committed and who is only in it for the money . 
  this crisis is self-inflicted . 
  it 's always about the money !, 
  what we are witnessing here is left wing ideologues going off the deep end . 
  in a few years these people will not be in power anymore and then the real crisis starts . 
  you could argue good or bad weather europeans with greece . 
  this is just borderline stupid . 
   i 'm already afraid of estonia turning . 
  some people have started to support our super conservative anti-eu party that seems to get help from our largest pro-russia party . 
  social democrats have been overtaken and want to form a coalition with pro-russia party . 
  pro-eu parties are in corruption scandals and losing popularity . 
  social democrats allied with the center party would make sure no one elects social democrats ever again . 
  a good thing , because our social democrats are scary incompetent . 
  their new leader is actually the only one i like . 
  others i would not trust to run burger place . 
  seriously if germany goes through with this the eu is fckin over . 
  good job merkel .
