  well if for no other reason . 
  the way germans push the migrants on everyone will end the eu . 
  germany 's economy will take a big hit from that , as will every economy currently in the eu . 
  the eu is over . 
  closer ties with the us and uk are the only options for ee . 
  germans are not your friends ... 
   german nationality = german . 
  any theories about ` ethnicity ' are bullshit . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
   i 'd rather have illegal south american immigrants than the middle east lot we have to deal with . 
  this ... i would not mind anyone from south or central-america . 
  bringing in people who 's views are in direct opposition to ours is not what i want to do . . 
   but people on here critizise merkel all the time for not caring about opinion polls when it comes to immigration :0     so is listening to polls good or bad now ? 
  a good leader can not rely on polls alone . 
  a leader has to have vision too . 
   understandable . 
  i would say if you 're planning on creating a company that might generate a significant amount of wealth this is something to consider before you even create a company in a specific country though . 
  pick a country that wo n't kill your company through taxation or corruption from the start . . lol 40 % income tax ? 
  no thank you ... 
   well 60mil of people just in bangladesh will have hard time if we do n't do something about global warming . . and we will not do anything about it when some countries will veto everything because muh you could polute in the last century when no one cared about global warming . . 
  such fucking injustice lol bangladesh ? 
  are you serious ? 
  ffs , you lefties will need to learn who your friends are ... real quick !, 
   sounds like you 're lubed up and ready to go . 
  you do know that the consumer will pay anyway right ? 
  taxes will be reflected in the price . 
  i 'd rather have cheaper products , than give that money to governments social engineering bs ... 
   having 10 $ worth of stock will always net you 10 $ that depends on how much paper you hold . 
  and how liquid the stock is . . 
   upgrade to 3mbit soon think you can handle it ? 
   honestly the best we can do is get free estonian channels with the russian language going , most russians only watch russian channels becouse that is the only choice . 
  estonian tv is utter crap , even in estonian . 
  i think we 're too small , it would have to be an european effort , to be successful . 
  and even then i doubt it would work . 
   an abundance of cheap labour have caused a lot of problems in the western nations problems like what exactly ? 
  you are making money off of them ? 
  and again , you are a leftist and you are speaking like that is the only political view in western europe . 
  it 's not , it 's loosing ground by the day . . 
   they 're culturally and economically very different . 
  you think the eu is about gay marriage ? 
  lol . . 
  economically , the ones on the left are causing more problems . 
  we 're not the countries that leverage ourselves to the max , while being in the eurozone . 
  remember the maastricht treaty ? 
  pretty hard to comply under socialist governments , who like deficit spending . 
  your rules , not ours !, 
   also , estonia should look up more to finland . 
  you ca n't into nordic with russian worldviews . 
  '' the poll found an ethnic divide : while 51 % of ethnic estonians supported registered partnerships , only 35 % of ethnic russians were of the same view . 
  [ 17 ] '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_estonia estonians should be separated from ethnic russians in this regard . 
  since russians , for the most part , are under the influence of russian media and many are orthodox christians . 
  not much we can do about that . . 
  not married does not equal single parent ... 
   also the state needs to be involved for the tax benefits e.a. 
  i 'd prefer the benefits removed . 
  married couples should not be treated differently . 
  any agreement should only include the people involved and no special privileges should be granted by the state . 
  i 'm not interested in subsidies for things that only work 50 % of the time . 
  especially when i 'm not even sure what the word '' work '' means in this context . 
   i 'm sure a lot of men that force their wives to wear a burqa tell you that they do n't hate women as well . 
  yeah , that 's totally the same thing ... 
  it 's not so much hate against homosexuals . 
  for most , it 's about remaining true to the traditional meaning of marriage . 
  i guess it 's like religion in a sense . 
  personally , i can not understand why we would want the state involved in this at all . 
  do your little ritual , write up all the terms and conditions , go to a notary . 
  done !, 
  why involve the state in such nonsense ? 
  it 's the same as asking your isp or your electricity provider to vouch for the legitimacy of your union . 
   western imposed sanctions may end up being a blessing in disguise for the russian economy over the long run because of this . 
  unlikely . 
  that would require the complete dismantling of the current political system . 
  putin still needs to pay off his buddies . . 
   the american and russian people are very similar . 
  mmm ... that 's a bit of a stretch ... 
   the price of oil is recovering slowly . 
  where do you get that ? 
  brent and wti look bearish as hell , both are bouncing around near support . 
  for all we know , nothing but a dead cat bounce . 
  i would not be the least bit surprised if we hover around the 30-s for a few years . . 
  depends on money really . 
  if i had '' fuck you money '' , probably costa rica , bahamas . . etc. . 
  medvedev was just a puppet . 
  he has a much fresher aura about him than putin though . 
  he 's the most '' western like '' leader russia has ever had imo . 
  counts for jack if do n't really have power sadly . . 
   or perhaps most people would want to flee the conflict because of the sheer brutality of it , do n't want to partake in the killing of other humans , and would rather live ? 
  you have to admit , that it is cowardly and in no way honorable behavior . 
  if i 'd do it , i would definitely feel ashamed . 
  it 's like not protecting your family . 
  nothing honorable about that . . 
   it 's a shame how in eastern europe , populism is gaining support at even higher pace than in south or western europe . 
  why populism ? 
  just ordinary right-conservative views ... 
   it is sad to see one of the european economies with so much potential to disappear like this ... what ? 
   you have a bizarre view of what constitutes left-wing and right-wing politics if you seriously think / r/europe is in anyway , even remotely left-wing . 
  are you kidding ? 
  at least to an estonian , / r/europe seems very very left wing . . 
  how delightfully ghetto !, 
  wow , i had no idea greenpeace was against fusion .
