   well yes but americans do n't like the federal government taking their money . 
  makes perfect sense to me . 
  why would you want to give your money away ? 
   contrary to what people like to believe , a purely unregulated free market does not work , otherwise the health care system in the usa would n't be so fucked up . 
  what 's f *** d up about it ? 
   when most americans hear socialism they think of big government coming and `` taking their hard earned money . '', 
  yes , because that is exactly what happens . . 
  socialism needs a face lift every now and again . 
  being the idiotic ideology that it is . 
  liberalism is the strangest of those mutations . 
   i presume you are pretty young i 'm in my thirties . 
  most of the population that has fled was low skilled labor . 
  a very big part of them has moved to finland , but they spend their money in estonia . 
  that worked out pretty good for estonia , otherwise they would have just been dead weight . 
  i will move if the country shifts toward social democracy , higher taxes . 
  right now , things are pretty good . 
  good business environment and the open eu market . 
   young people often leave because they are paying high taxes for the elderly and you ca n't blame them . 
  the pension system is a giant ponzi scheme . 
  someone will get screwed anyway . 
  better the old than the young ... 
   many of economic , social , and political problems that are leading to this refugee crises extend from imperialism . 
   i think this needs to be brought into the discussion . 
  part of the reason we live pretty fucking nice lives here because we took a lot of stuff from other parts of the world and now the people who were left out of modernization want to move here . 
  so what ? 
  life is unfair , protect your interests . 
  why would you give away your edge ? 
   it 's a reality that in 20 years me and my fellow tax-payers will have to deal with a massive pension-burden . 
  cut pensions ... they will either deal with it or young people will leave the country . 
  let 's see where they get their pensions from then ... 
   honestly really no fan of putin , but even isis has to know that he does n't fuck around . 
  he 's not a god you know . 
  isis would love to get russia fully involved . 
  hate against muslims rises in russia = more isis soldiers . 
  i doubt that putin is such a bleeding heart to change his strategies for a few hundred people though . . 
   a security officer from the search and rescue team dispatched to the scene said the russian airline kogalymavia , known as metrojet , was `` completely destroyed with all on board likely to have died '' . 
  is it me or is this happening way too often lately ? 
  i 'm sure statistically i 'm wrong but it sure does n't feel like it . 
  a russian airliner has crashed in central sinai with more than 200 people on board , the office of egypt 's prime minister has confirmed . 
  the airbus a-321 had just taken off from the red sea resort of sharm el-sheikh , on its way to the russian city of st petersburg . 
  there were conflicting reports about the fate of the plane , some suggesting it had disappeared over cyprus . 
  most of the passengers are said to be russian tourists . 
  the plane is operated by the russian airline kogalymavia . 
  latest reports say it is carrying 217 passengers and seven crew . 
  you forget that the us 's biggest export is essentially inflation . 
  you have the biggest military , you have the reserve currency . 
  that gives you tons on leverage financially speaking . 
  without your military , us would be financially much weaker ... 
   they are n't perfect but they 're the more realistic ally . 
  in military terms , germany is next to useless . 
  should shit hit the fan , we rely on the us anyway , the only country that has actual capability . 
  so no , germany is not a realistic ally , even if they wanted to be . 
   the average american could n't find estonia on a map . 
  that 's less important than us governments interests . 
  now how about those missile shields ? 
  '' people are less than sensitive regarding political correctness and what not . '', 
  estonia is a very small and a very white country . 
  for most of our history we 've been gagged and threatened to silence . 
  we take our right to say whatever we want to say , seriously . 
  race motivated attacks are not a common occurrence here , because there is no one to be racist against . 
  not a lot of people of color . 
  who knows . 
  think of the scale and complexity of the problem . 
  it 's very hard to quantify with any accuracy . 
  still , they have to say a number and you can bet your ass they will low ball it to make it more palatable . 
  it 's common practice . . 
   if that 's the total . 
  very unlikely . . 
  that 16 billion will probably look like a small number in a few years . 
  these things tend to go over budget lol ... 
   it 's fucking ridiculous , there was a video i think from the uk of people vandalizing a fucking jewish temple , and attacking the people in it . 
  nothing even close to that happens here . 
  it must be difficult to wrap your head around how small an peaceful estonia really is . 
  to you , it 's like a village ... 
   the chief of the air force is important in the usa , but in estonia he is not really considered a public figure yup . 
  we do n't have an air force , he 's basically chief of airfield . 
  never heard of this guy until now . 
  not a public figure by a long shot . . 
   it surely is not left wing , is it ? 
  i beg to differ ... 
  man , i am so happy you guys do n't have nukes . 
  i 'm beginning to see why germans love russians so much . 
  birds of a feather flock together and all that ... edit : and you consider yourself to be on the right end of the political spectrum ? 
  damn you guys are messed up ... 
   we shall see . 
  i am counting on merkel and sch\u00e4uble regarding that . 
  making enemies everywhere . 
  the german way ... 
   we did not force you to join and you are free to leave whenever you please . 
  so are you !, 
  you do n't own the union ... 
   agreed , eastern europeans often seem to confuse the eu for being some kind of welfare organisation founded solely to please their demands , instead of a union with rights and obligations . 
  seriously jump off a bridge with that comment . 
  eastern europe is scared of your batshit crazy commie attitudes . 
  we 're not interested in another soviet union . 
  no one gives a crap about your benefits . 
  estonia will get a total of ~ 5 billion $ . 
  that 's roughly half of our yearly budget . 
  if that 's a lot of money for you , stop taking in refugees asap ... 
   how ?
