  gays are what like 3-4 % of the population ? 
  utterly irrelevant . . 
   sure thing . 
  they will leave their accommodations which are at least heated to live under bridges . 
  they will camp out in the cities protesting for better conditions . . 
   how do you close the borders around the greek islands ? 
  sea and air patrol , sink any boat that comes to greek waters illegally . 
   what do you do with people that still try to cross the borders ? 
  verbal warning , if not effective use physical force . 
  deadly force if you have to . 
   where will you send them back to , if turkey is not considered a ` safe state ' by the eu ? 
  drop the whole '' safe state '' nonsense . 
  send them back to syria or to the coast of libya for all i care or bribe an african country to take them . 
  you 'll break a few eggs but everyone will get the picture . 
  i would not be surprised if this approach would have less casualties then just leaving it to the people smugglers . 
  that 's not the point though . 
   that 's cool , but still no reason to shy out of sharing the burden of the refugee crisis . 
  close the borders and there will be no burden . 
  we can help with that , no problem . . 
  cool ... more booze money for estonia . . , 
   so there is no religious freedom in eastern europe ? 
  yes there is , we are generally not religious though and would like to keep it that way . 
  at least estonia is . . 
  you have to be friends with those who represent power ... 
   islamophobia is a form of racism . 
  why should we be tolerant of a competing ideology ? 
  i have no interest in islam or muslims . 
  not our allies . . 
  good job !, 
  aww yeah !, 
  right in the nerve ... 
  tough words from the mexico of europe ... 
   they are just behind in the development process as human beings and as society this coming from a portuguese person ? 
  i 'm scared to say what some people here think about your development . 
   we share the planet with black americans . 
  well black people are not exactly '' old money '' in american society are they ? 
  estonians generally do n't riot . 
  it 's viewed as a sort of subhuman activity here lol ... 
  yeah . . that 's not so hot right now anyway . 
  seems like everyone gets into nordic these days . . 
   could you source that ? 
  visit estonia !, 
  they are most definitely brown compared to us . 
  proofs ... pic of average [ estonian ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-7dt5rcxg_58/us5wmg2tqci/aaaaaaaaask/jbcifw3zlxs/s1600/2002_the_time_machine_015.jpeg ), 
  it 's not relevant because it has has not reduced military power . 
  we can have our cake and eat it too . . 
   and this is why khadaffi and hussein should n't have been removed from power . 
  look at the shit going on because they have been removed . 
  islamists and fundamentalists are now free to do as they please . 
  this is irrelevant . 
  the eu still has capability to keep migrants out . 
  who is right or wrong here does not matter . . 
  oh it will be a shit show either way . 
  while i do n't doubt that people from we are generally softer than people from ee . 
  i think you 'll find there are a lot of people not voicing their opinion thanks to political correctness . 
   we ca n't just shoot any refugees wanting to come in . 
  yes you can , that 's what being a country is all about . 
  the ability to back words with violence . . 
   it has n't the military capability unless you can point out the eu army & the foreign army within eu borders . 
  european armies have experience working together under nato . 
  and we are not asking much of them . 
  securing borders is not as difficult as going against an armed and organized enemy . 
  the migrants will either stop , turn around and get registered in the camps or get stopped physically right there . 
  same with the boats . 
  turn around or you sink the boat . 
  their choice ... 
   otherwise stop whining . 
  this would be done with already , if germany made the right choice to rally the european countries to secure eu 's outer borders . 
  instead germans have chosen to be a bunch of pussies . . 
  yes !, 
  i too long for the days when the estonian empire was still great . . oh wait ... 
  it 's an insane number regardless . . 
   well emissions are still increasing globally and they will keep increasing . 
  all this regulation is doing , is making us less competitive . 
  china and india do n't give a flying fuck about emissions . 
  the only viable alternative is massive investment in nuclear and fusion energy . 
  fighting emissions is just a stupid waste of time . 
   are you implying that is what would happen if america voted a socialist party in power tomorrow ? 
  has this already happened and i just missed it ? 
  are you just another fear-mongering capitalist ? 
  are you implying that bernie sanders is lying ? 
  he 's said he would raise taxes on everyone himself . 
  that 's kind of what socialists do ... 
   promoting renewable and sustainable energy is clearly a nazi plot . 
  forcing people by law is promoting now ? 
   especially the single-person use of four-seat cars needs to just die . 
  what a waste of surface area , production materials and energy to move it . 
  that 's none of your business ... 
   objections who is objecting ? 
  germany ? 
  sweden ? 
  sounds more like inviting to me ... 
   which is a thing that happens in every capitalist country currently . 
  ca n't deny that . . 
   people will still want to come to europe . 
  what they want is irrelevant . 
  what you let them do is all that matters . 
  eu has the force to deal with the ones that do n't obey the rules . 
   the money is n't literally being taken away yes , it is quite literally being taken away . 
  as in , i ca n't use it anymore .
