  well no one would suggest starting a war with russia , but there is more you can do in terms of economics . 
  in a sense i agree with what you said . 
  hell the conspiracy nut in me thinks that putin is going to syria because no one took the bait in ukraine . 
  he needs an enemy to rally the people . 
   ironically , v4 is probably the most pro-russian group of countries in europe ( except poland ) . 
  umm maybe you mean current political leadership ? 
  the people on the other hand are a different story i think ... there 's plenty of bad blood . 
   and those who run their business in some third world country just hate the workers in said countries . 
  now that i come to think about it i think i prefer the alleged self-hatred over the hatred for and exploitation of others . 
  why third world ? 
  plenty of opportunity right here in europe or the states . 
  asia is not too bad either . 
  in the end it 's about the money . 
  no one hates or loves their workers . 
  it 's not that kind of a relationship . 
  they are a means to an end . 
  in a sense all business owners '' hate '' their workers . 
  humans are the weakest link in a company and you want to do the job with the minimum amount of employees it can be done . 
  a machine is never late , always working and wo n't rip your shirt off . 
  if you have to jump over a fence to escape your employees , that looks pretty third world to me . . 
   you underestimate the french . 
  they might seem arrogant and relatively uncivilized but their country has been in a constant state of turmoil for hundreds of years and they 've always come out of it fine . 
  it 's a different world . 
  the competition is much much more fierce now . 
  when the sleeping dragon awakens and all that jazz ... 
   the economy is a means to an end , to improve people 's lives and to give as many people as many opportunities as possible . 
  if it does n't serve the public it 's of no use . 
  you 're talking like you have a choice ? 
  the economy is what it is . 
  if the investor does not share your values you are f * cked . 
  and that 's that . 
  unless you want to start building national socialism again . 
  that worked really well . 
   you 'll certainly die if you keep them . 
  your economy at least , when no investor wants to touch that toxic labour environment . 
  already there 's a proper french capital flow to much less-regulated london . 
  laborers are a dime a dozen , investors who are wealthy and at the same time to dumb enough to invest in a risky environment are much harder to find . 
   clearly you did n't `` die '' very well if you 're still posting on reddit . 
  pff thinks he deserves a job . 
  ca n't even die properly !, 
   the french government should crack down on it hard , if necessary with force . 
  such people should be tried for assault and punished accordingly . 
  the end of the civilized world is in sight whenever the most basic of laws no longer get respected . 
  i 'm amazed that there are people who want to run businesses in france . 
  they must really hate themselves . . 
   always be sceptical of someone who wishes to downplay these health consequences and dangers . 
  we 're still learning about their effects today , and there is more to learn still . 
  well if their total numbers are up that 's a good sign . 
  you ca n't really talk about quality of life when it comes to wild animals . 
  you are right that it 's too early to tell . 
  if it 's the same 50-100 years from now , it 's probably '' ok '' for animals . . 
  wow really ? 
  dalai lama has been here like 3 times . 
  met the president and everything . 
  never thought much of it . . 
  coalition casualties in afghanistan estonia : 9 dead , 92 wounded ( population 1.3 million ) france : 88 dead , 725 wounded ( population 67 million ) germany : 54 dead , 245 wounded ( population 81 million ) believe me if we had more people to spare we would have had a stronger presence . . 
  we 're not talking about eu are we ? 
  we 're basically talking post eu . 
  '' why should we keep sending our boys to stand between the eu and russia like lambs to the slaughter just so we can be accused of warmongering and imperialism ? '', 
  that 's what i 'm asking !, 
  why do n't you support the people who actually like and respect you in ee ? 
  it 's western europe that talks shit about you not eastern europe . 
  merkel does not speak for us !, 
  we trust her as much as we trust putin ( okay maybe a bit more than putin ) . 
  edit : our boys died for your wars too . 
  no questions asked . . 
   an organization under v4 is really starting to look enticing now . 
  you ca n't trust western european governments . 
  sorry to say this : / yup and and heavy us support would also be welcome . 
  move your bases here . . 
  sure . . no problem ... you can just take it out of the reparations you owe us for 50 years of occupation ... 
   just common sense staying out of other peoples business is also common sense . 
  common courtesy even . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque yeah that only works when there 's an argument . 
  nonsensical emotional ramblings about '' killing for capitalism '' do not an argument make . 
   yeah , what are human rights to anybody when there 's money to be made ? 
  all hail the british empire , let 's go kill a few tens of millions more in the name of capitalism . 
  this coming from a russian ? 
  lol, 
  you can still vote caveman style if you want to . 
  i prefer to not waste my time . . 
  why do n't you just vote from ho ... oh right ... 
  they are not very popular yet ( 7/101 seats in parliament ) . 
  if germany keeps pushing , all that can change very quick . 
  forced immigration is a subject as serious as invasion here . 
  no one wants to vote for them , but if they are the only ones who are willing to do something , people will . 
  i might vote for them in the next elections myself , depending on how things develop . 
  they are utter morons , but i want my vote to send a message to the other parties . 
   you could save some by cuddling however . 
  yeah . . we would probably choose death over that . . eww . . 
   if a common solution will be agreed ( which seems to be the case ) negotiations will be smoother . 
  do n't you think ? 
  well i can only speak for estonia , but should the government take in more than a few thousand , we 're looking at a new government . 
  if it 's the far right , the refugees are fucked . . 
   people coming to the us expect to work and not rely on welfare . 
  and us often times handpicks immigrants . 
  and that 's why the us is so powerful today . 
  good job !, 
  '' more efficient than having a large administrative apparatus to check on them '' who said we need that ? 
  '' they made plans for the future '' did they execute ?
