  but first of all . 
  before you establish any mandatory refugee quota you talk with all your partners and then you decide what to do . 
  eu will never be a superpower if we act toothless with our own borders . 
  this sends out a signal of weakness and invites more trouble . 
  if we ca n't do that . 
  this whole union is pointless and we might as well go our separate ways right now . 
  you can not compromise on border security period . 
  europe is about to learn that if you want to run a union with 500 million people you need some balls . 
  syrians in this case are outsiders and you never choose outsiders over your own . 
  no matter how horrific the consequences . 
  right now there is a rift in the eu . 
  this should not happen , especially at this early stage . 
  there can \u00b4 t be a single discussion where someone doesn \u00b4 t plays the nazi card . 
  i have got enough of this shit !, 
  like i said ... i did not mean to compare directly to nazis . 
  just that this '' let everyone in '' is a classic grandiose german style project . 
  they ca n't pick and choose , because of their history . 
  and now we have a situation where germany decides to bet everything on red and hope for the best . 
  not interested in these radical approaches . . thank you very much !, 
   orrr you have a persecution complex and believe everyone is either incompetent or malicious because you otherwise can not justify denying help to those in need . 
  hey ... wake up !, 
  billions of people are in need . 
  inviting them all to europe is a good way to add half a billion more . 
  and right now that 's exactly what we are doing . 
   neither the united states nor canada is going to do much aside from agreeing to import a relatively small number of educated refugees . 
  and why should you ? 
  right or wrong , you take care of your interests first and do n't get bogged down in some moral circlejerk like the 15 year olds running europe . 
  that 's why you are so successful and why the eu will fail . 
  superpowers always take care of the interests of their own first . 
  it 's just that it 's really hard to understand how the french think . 
  let 's say that you have an unique way of reasoning , in a very falling off the building while having sex way . 
  for an estonian like me you are too emotional for me to ever '' get '' why you are doing what you are doing . 
  yeah and just because russians have supported strongmen leaders in the past does not mean they will do it in the future right ? 
  it 's not about being a nazi or not . 
  i was not using '' final solution '' literally . 
  this so much !, 
  even if you agreed to take in refugees , you can not agree with the way merkel has handled this . 
  really now if you agree to take in refugees it is impossible also not to look like you did it because germany ordered you to . 
  i do n't know about you , but i did not have a say in the german elections . 
  yeah and everyone knows this will not stop . 
  there will be more and more as time goes on , for various reasons . 
  so if you have to stop it with force why not do it now when the damage is still manageable and the potential fifth column is small . 
  what 's happening right now is insane . 
  genuine refugees , economic migrants , potential isis members all mixed together with no oversight or control at all . 
  i 'm surprised that this disorganization does n't make the german brain explode . 
   well it 'd make them realize that as much as britain is a big pain she is a bigger factor in the eu than some realize . 
  i think you are right . 
  i think generally eastern europeans are more in line with the uk than with germany/france right now . 
  if uk leaves that would mean that uk wo n't balance out germany and france anymore . 
  frankly the union dominated by those countries scares the shit out of me . 
  france is just crazy and germany while brilliant in their efficiency and work ethic , tend to come up with '' final solutions '' every now and again ( usually ends badly ) . 
  i think many in eastern europe think that germany is trapped on the left side of the political spectrum , because of historic reasons . 
  letting the pendulum swing too far to one side is never a good thing . 
  things tend to get too ideological . 
  germans have a tendency to take ideology too seriously . . 
   we really want into nordic , but ca n't . 
  this is a deep rooted insecurity issue . 
  that really depends on who you talk to . 
  in my experience it 's mostly an internet thing . 
  never knew we we 're so desperate until i saw polandball . 
  accepting the nordic way in terms of government and taxation is not very popular . 
  if you mean in terms of being seen as northern-europe rather than eastern . 
  that would be more true . 
  that 's mainly because of finland , who we see as family . . 
  eww , gross !, 
   russians will approve this war as long as there is no much deaths caused at their side . 
  not so sure about that . 
  the russians seem to be in a fighting mood right now . 
  putin has made sure of that . 
  it 's much simpler to rile the people up than it is to cool them down unfortunately . 
  russians know what meddling in the middle-east means as they have first hand experience . 
  it is generally considered a bad idea poking there ( avoid it like the plague ! ) . 
  still , putin 's intervention in syria was popular . 
  this leads me to believe russians will want a strong response . . 
  you ca n't really even compare us to other countries , it 's in a league of it 's own . 
  it 's the big don , the rest are just lieutenants and soldiers . 
  being in such a position , the us ca n't really afford a street thug spitting in it 's face . . 
   i do n't really think the balance of power would shift over a small country or two , the americans have a huge navy . 
  a huge navy is useless if you do n't have the balls to use it . 
  nato is the cornerstone of us power . 
  if there 's even a tiny crack in there , the whole house of cards will come crumbling down . 
  financially and in terms of power projection it would be a disaster for us . 
  you are looking at a country 's borders not how the country actually functions . 
  us is a '' global country '' , it has it 's fingers everywhere and that gives it huge advantages . 
   the fact is simply that they are a very loud minority , not a silent majority . 
  lol you are so wrong about that . 
  the only vocal minority right now is the radical-left . 
   britain has already lost millions of lives , loads of money and land defending poland and belgium . 
  if russia is ballsy enough to touch a nato country , you will fight them anyway eventually . 
  if you blink on that , the center of world power will shift permanently to the east . 
  i do n't think you realize how much the us relies on being a military power . 
   i wonder what would happen if the u.s. withdrew from nato . 
  no more nato and u.s. would be a second rate power . 
  us paper would become worthless very soon . 
   it does not make it okay . 
  15 years ago nobody was talking about gay marriage . 
  thinking changes , for some people sooner than others . 
  and i guess i know where you at . 
  the nature of power does not change and the nature of business does not change . 
  gay marriage is just a sideshow .
