  that 's just pure evil . . 
   i think he means he does n't need to imagine that as he 's already able to do almost everything online . 
  can confirm . 
  was a lame attempt at a joke . . 
  take that with a big grain of salt . 
  these experts we 're invited to estonia by keskerakond ( corrupt as hell , represents local russians ) . 
  the intent was to stir up controversy , like they lost because of e-voting . 
  keskerakond get 's very few e-votes , because their main supporters are senile old people . 
  so there is some shady dealing going on there ... 
   imagine you 'd be able to complete virtually all bureaucratic necessities online , in the comfort of your home . 
  yes ... imagine ... 
   a bit like american exceptionalism , but then with russians instead of americans ? 
  yes , the main difference is that the us actually is exceptional ... 
   saudi arabia that borders on conspiracy theory . 
  saudi arabia has every reason to keep prices down . 
  they are the lowest cost producer on the planet . 
  look at the supply of oil !, 
  they need to put an end to fracking asap . 
  sanctions on russia helps saudi arabia too . 
  russia needs western tech for drilling in the arctic and sanctions make that a lot harder . 
  right now we live in a deflationary environment . 
  commodities are down all across the board and this has nothing to do with russia . 
  not to mention we are looking at tougher climate rules and better green tech in the future . 
  better solar , better nuclear and lockheed martin is even talking about fusion with a straight face . 
  in 10-20 years the world will be different . 
  and petrostates like saudi arabia are shaking in their boots . 
  as they should be . 
  `` my grandfather rode a camel , my father rode a camel , i drive a mercedes , my son drives a land rover , his son will drive a land rover , but his son will ride a camel '', 
  yeah , it 's either u.s. or nothing . 
  germany is not trustworthy when it comes to politics with russia . 
  and it 's not like they have the capability to defend us anyway . 
  sweden demanding . 
  i 'm surprised anyone is even bothering talking to your deranged leaders , much less hearing their demands . 
   and other eu countries should & will send people to ee with forced quotas , the people who let that happen will be replaced next elections . 
  you will have anti-eu right wingers in charge , no more eu . . 
   i 'm just saying that it would not wipe out europe . 
  yes , it will !, 
  because the people will never accept it . 
  there would be war . . 
   you can say that it 's sweden 's problem etc etc , but in reality , we all know there 's only one leader in the eu that matters and that 's merkel . 
  guess which side she will come down on ? 
  then we will be looking for new leadership . 
  no way is merkel getting away with this . 
  she is already hated , soon germany will find that with merkel at the top , they will find it harder and harder to talk to other countries . 
   if anything this crisis tells us that globalization is unavoidable . 
  the refugee crisis has nothing to do with globalization . 
  we have no deals with the countries the refugees come from . 
  not our military allies , nor our trade allies . 
  an example of globalization would be intra-eu migration . 
  the refugee crisis is an example of weak leadership and german historical guilt , nothing else . 
  taking in so many refugees is clearly against the interests of the eu , so do what 's needed . . 
   sweden or germany or italy or greece have a problem , then you help - not talk of leaving . 
  all these countries have problems of leadership . 
  best way to fix that , is to let them stew in their own shit for a while . . 
   but always want to tap out the moment there is a crisis . 
  then stop the crisis . 
  stop letting people in . 
  when the most powerful countries act like weaklings , it 's time to tap out . 
  when the most powerful countries prefer migrants over keeping the eu unified and strong , it 's time to tap out ... 
   when at the brink of war , you 're not throwing stones at the fragile constructions that is the eu . 
  this is exactly what germany is doing now . . 
   in estonia eu was sold with `` no effect on our sovereignty '' , well that was a joke . 
  can confirm . 
  anyone who talked about an european superstate/federal europe was treated like a conspiracy theorist . . 
   oh , and i guess by your comment you support the swedish-sword dude 's his action . 
  because exactly what you are saying leads people to do stuff like that . 
  i do n't care about any swordsman . 
  i 'm talking about and organized and armed political resistance . 
   yeah , no , you ca n't just start killing people . 
  yes you can , just because you ca n't does not mean someone else ca n't . 
  the ability to use violence , is what makes a country a country . 
  works for unions too . 
  it will happen either with the approval of people like you or without it . 
  it will come down to choosing sides eventually ... 
  first you need to say no more and secure the borders . 
  the migrants who disobey and break the law , do so at their own risk . 
  if we really are entering an era of mass migration , we have two options . 
  stop it right now and minimize the damage to the eu . 
  stop it later , with no eu and wars/civil wars all across europe . 
  the second option involves a lot more blood obviously . 
   and there is nothing we can do about that . 
  yes we can . 
  militarily it 's not even a challenge . 
  if we say '' no more !, 
  '' , we have the firepower to back it up . 
  i do n't disagree with your view of the reality at all , but saying we are powerless , is just not accurate . 
  in terms of attracting the worlds most talented , i agree , it should be simpler . 
  but that 's not what the refugee crisis is about . . 
   eu because people like you refuse to accept reality . 
  well there are a lot of people like me . 
  and what would that reality be ? 
   there is no special bond just because of citizenship i 'm not talking about citizenship . 
  i 'm talking about ethnicity , history and cultural identity . 
  these are the things that keep people together . 
  they are absolutely essential for the survival of a country . 
  the only reasons estonia exists at all and why people would lay down their lives protecting it . . 
   only because history made me austrian it does n't mean that i feel connected to all of them . 
  i like my family and friends but apart from that ... well that 's just idealistic nonsense . 
  i bet if i drop you off at a remote estonian town , you 'll start missing home real soon . 
  there are differences and differences should be respected , pretending we are all the same gets us nowhere . .
