  i will not lift a finger for people who suffer by their own hands . 
  islam is their problem . 
  it goes against everything that 's needed for modern society to function . 
  in fact i think islam is in direct opposition to western values and interests . 
  so if my enemies shoot themselves in the foot . 
  more power to them . . edit : that goes for finland too btw . 
  if the bear starts getting frisky . 
  do n't think you 'll remain untouched . . 
   in 10-20 years from now the eu will be operating on a wholly different level of what it should always have been . 
  you are delusional if you think the rest of europe will just lie down an take it like you . 
  if this goes on , in 10-20 years there will be no eu to speak of ... 
  that 's because you do n't know russians as well as we do . 
  they do n't care about estonia . 
  they care about sticking it to nato and for that , we are ideal . 
  so are you a 100 % sure ? 
  i need to be a 100 % sure , because when they come next time , estonia and estonians will be gone forever . . edit : and why would you buy from someone that constantly threatens , belittles , lies and generally talks shit about you ? 
  would you go to a shop that did that ? 
   i 've never said anything about the saudis financing terrorism . 
  but their little cozy plans of dominating the entire middle east and building thousands of mosques all around europe is not okay with me . 
  you let them build mosques ... 
   i see saudi arabia as a bigger threat than russia . 
  i know you have your historic reasons not to . 
  but i do n't think russia has any wish whatsoever to occupy eastern europe . 
  and as long as we have nukes , it will never be an option for russia . 
  look at the euro crisis , look at the refugee crisis ? 
  see any unity ? 
  people are not willing to protect their own borders and that 's with zero threat to their lives basically . 
  so you are saying these same people will suddenly grow a spine at the prospect of ww3 ? 
  unlikely . . only '' we '' here is the us ... they are war weary and sick and tired of europes bullshit . 
   isnt that no threat enemy sending refugees your way ? 
  a threat ? 
  are they in tanks ? 
  no that 's on we mostly . . so you know they do n't get their feels hurt . 
  apparently that 's more important than logic ... 
  let the man drink !, 
  it 's like watching a train wreck in slow motion ... 
  lol who makes these people ? 
  he literally goes around and calls everyone a nazi . 
  then praises his country for being social democratic and gloats for his country being '' number 1 '' apparently . 
  it 's easy to gloat when your exports look like this ... http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/nor/#exports or do you think your success is purely thanks to the virtues of social democracy ? 
   i am talking about other side of this problem . 
  attitude of public opinion . 
  there many westerners who welcome these people , help them and so . 
  east and central europeans do not show same will at all we were occupied by a foreign culture that tried to snuff our culture out . 
  that was just a few decades ago . 
  you think we forgot the lessons we learned so soon ? 
  and we were occupied by fairly civilized people , compared to whats coming in to europe now . 
  there will be no integration and these people will not pay for your pensions . 
  western-europeans are acting like sissies and no way are the migrants going to respect a culture like that . 
  hell ... even we do n't ... 
   i 'd rather import oil from russia than those lunatics from saudi arabia . 
  i would rather buy from the potential enemy that is far away and poses no threat , than the potential enemy nearby , that could be the mother of all threats . . 
  '' the danish railroad ca n't drive if there is ice on the trains or if it 's too sunny because that heats up the tracks so they expand . '', 
  if not , why is that ? 
  are your railroads built differently somehow ? 
  here trains run in every kind of imaginable weather . 
  accidents almost always include a drunk guy how ran into the train with his car . 
   i had a problem with my bmw recently well you can generalize a bit . 
  compare the build quality of a bmw ( or vw ) and a peugeot . 
  i think in general you can say that you are more likely to find shoddy work on a peugeot . 
  these stereotypes have to come from somewhere . . edit : if you said that in general a spaniard is more emotional than an estonian . 
  i would have to say that 's correct . 
  i was at a party full of spaniards in estonia once , and i must say , you do n't encounter that level of extroverted energy in estonia very often . . if ever . . 
  just my experience . 
  do n't read into it too much . 
  what bothered me most with that specific company was the attitude . 
  impossible to reach anyone . 
  it seemed like every time i called , someone was on vacation or had already left . 
  if i fuck up at work , i do n't care if my wife is having a baby , i 'm coming back to work ... 
  it was a nightmare dealing with these people . 
  so every time i did a design i just accounted for the 3mm . 
  we had a lot of work at the time , so sending it back to france for repairs was not really an option ( might have taken up to 6 months ) . 
  we did make our money back and then some , but needless to say it left a bad taste in my mouth . . 
  after years of experience , i can see if something is off by half a millimeter using nothing but my eyes . . so imagine my surprise . 
  here 's the kicker though , the machine lasted for about 5 years ( warranty was over ) . 
  want to repair it ? 
  20k $ :d ... 
   english is not the official language of the eu though , so it should not be a requirement . 
  helpful ? 
  yes . 
  but not a requirement . 
  english is the international language of business . 
  if you do n't speak it , you will look unprofessional . 
  eu law is not going to save your image . . 
   i do n't like when people are mocked because of their language skills or the lack thereof . 
  plus , as it was mentioned by another redditor , the interviewer herself speaks broken english . 
  if you want to do public work in a country like estonia , language skills are a must have . 
  small countries have to have good relations with their bigger neighbors . 
  that 's not really going to happen if you lack language skills . 
  ca n't speak foreign languages , step down and let someone more competent take your place . . 
  uhhh ... french work culture . 
  do n't get me started . 
  bought a 50k $ laser for marking on very small details from a french company . 
  had a 3mm inaccuracy right out of the box ( that 's a lot when you are marking 10mm details ) . 
  when i finally did reach them . 
  they said it was normal . 
  ca n't imagine that happening with germans . . 
  when it comes to food . 
  few measure up against the french , but precision is not your strong suit ... 
   right , so we 're going to import hundreds of millions of africans here because they already overpopulate .
