  all the sins of the past that have been done against them are now getting punished and the islamofascists like this guy you are seeing here are rooting for him . 
  still spoilers if you havent learned your lesson by now i understood that emily blunt was that but she was just too confused and pretty damn useless throughout the whole movie . 
  she is introduced as a run of the mill badass cop but we never get to see her giving hard decisions or being cold blooded . 
  she is deceived and used again and again . 
  stuff just happened around her for the whole movie and in the end she was powerless to do anything about it . 
  i may missed something about her plot so i am just giving you my perspective . 
  it was a fun movie and i would like to learn if i had an oversight . 
  i agree that extradition scene was pretty great . 
  aerial shots were top notch along with the dialogues . 
  i would have liked some more action there with the cartel but i guess that would have been a tad too much for the set tone of the movie . 
  woops sorry thought no one would read this far, 
  sicario spoilers maybe the tension just did n't hit me but emily blunt 's character seemed pointless , i just did n't had much reason to care for any of the characters . 
  also ending just did n't have any impact for me . 
  they achieved what ? 
  giving power to another cartel ? 
  i also love that everyone in turkey is basically tiptoeing around calling it christmas because all the decorations and values are christmas traditions but we just call it new year 's eve . 
  i would rather celebrate [ festivus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/festivus ) than this charade . 
  i want my childhood christmas mornings like i watched in home alone when i was a kid :'(, 
  it just left me hanging i thought it missed some key elements in storytelling department, 
  is this the fidgeted numbers as well ? 
  i believe government simply changed the method of how they calculated that number and on paper there was a crazy increase in a single day . 
   of course every dictators first victims are within his own borders ... well said, 
  i believe most of that reflex comes from the fact that there is a lot of propaganda going on here and when we see it we want to call bullshit . 
  i agree most of us probably go overboard about it but it 's not because we support governments actions . 
  it 's because people here have no idea about turkey 's political climate so they are open to malipulation , some redditors say carpet bomb ankara and most believe everything they read about turkey . 
  from what i 've seen most turkish redditors want to offer perspective . 
  erdogan is clearly a bad guy but that does n't mean every bad thing that happens in me is because of him or turkey . 
  erdogan being a tyrant does n't mean turkey is wrong in every arguement everytime, 
  i would support that :d, 
  yeah i feel like we missed a lot of good ones after 13 years of akp . 
  wish reddit gave a shit during the gezi too . 
  sad that they only care because turkey is the bad guy all the time, 
  from what i have seen in turkey those talks happen rarely . 
  turkish politics is quite polarized so you try to not mention it if you have a hint of the other guy not being on your side . 
  most people build up walls when they realize you are supporting another party so frank discussions are quite hard . 
  also supporters of each party mostly stay in their own circles so for the most part your close friends are supporting the same party as you and that 's how you get echo chambers everywhere . 
  half the country votes for erdogan . 
  other half hates his guts . 
  quarter of the population is pretty much the same as greeks and italians, 
  i remember one time a few metalhead teens did the devilhorns to his motorcade he got them arrested for making `` satanic signs '' against him . 
  they were like high school kids, 
  yeah it was like a rare pepe every second . 
  dankest of times, 
  yeah but facts dont matter here only opinions, 
   turkey should know by now that russia is n't going after turkey and should assume at least a navigation error . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you are approaching the issue like it 's your neighbour stepping on your garden . 
  there are layers of politics about these incidents . 
  syria is wild west right on turkey 's doorstep . 
  russia was flexing it 's muscles and pushing turks patience with their repeating border violations for months . 
  couple years back a new set of rules of engagement was put in action after the downing of turkish f4 by the syrian forces . 
  this basically states that after 3 warnings turkish military is allowed to shoot down any flying object that is violating it 's airspace . 
  you assume that clearly turkey knows that russia is n't going to bomb turkey . 
  yeah that 's clear but the thing is if you do n't protect your border then no one would respect it . 
  turkey is especially protective of it 's borders so this was bound to happen sooner or later . 
  apparently turkish military was n't even sure who the jet belonged to but that did n't matter because it was a military aircraft that was dancing in and out of your borders . 
  there are a ton of protocols and bureacracy about this sort of stuff so do n't jump to conclusions you have no real idea about . 
  sidenote : i do n't defend shooting it down , i think turks fucked up but it 's not like russia did n't knew what they were doing was calling for it . 
  also we do n't have the full picture yet but i heard reports that 2 turkish villagers were injured by the falling debris from the jet so it was probably over or very close to the turkish soil when it got shot . 
  also if this was an isolated case this would have been an absolute overreaction but turks want to be respected in the international scene so this was a show of force relating to that . 
  it says we are a player as well and if you do n't respect my demands you will pay for it . 
  nope i am saying those weapons came from their allies which west gave those advanced weapons to . 
  i guess you have no sympathy for people that died in the line of duty huh ? 
  pkk routinely kills conscripts . 
  military service is mandatory in turkey it 's not like everyone volunteers to be appointed at the shittiest outpost here . 
  i will have to go under service in the next couple of years along with every male friend i have . 
  i guess we can just go get killed there by the glorious pkk freedom fighters because surprise surprise politicians are assholes . 
  i do n't want anything . 
  you can see my comments earlier that i have said numerous times that people think that all kurds are just one entity while the reality is far from it . 
  peshmerga have nothing to do with pkk . 
  i do n't really claim anything other than there have been used at cartridges found in turkey that ( as far as i can remember ) came from a milan system . 
  some of milan at systems that went to kurds ended up being used on turkish military vehicles at the hands of pkk . 
  you are looking for good guys to root for but there is none here . 
  if you are an average human being in middle east you are probably better than most of the country . 
  its not really high praise . 
  its just depressing . 
  hopefully i will be able to move to canada or whatever to get outta dodge . 
  thank you for your thought, 
  where is cia when you need them to throw a coup right ? 
  thats why we ( modern turks ) get fucked, 
  i have heard from local sources that everyone who was affected are non-locals . 
  i live in ankara and i am trying to avoid central areas as much as possible . 
  however most people dont corrolate what they are seeing on tv with their daily lives so most people feel safe enough in that manner . 
  i find that particularly funny since clearly you cant make a distiction between erdogan and turkey . 
  i dont know about the other guy but i was out on the streets standing against his brutes in police uniforms risking my neck , calling for his resignation a few years back during gezi . 
  he is just a nuisance for you similar to kim jong un , seeing his name on the headlines once in a while getting mad at it . 
  make a silly oversimplified statement likening turkey to various events in popular culture and proceed to forget about it . 
  while you make your silly jokes . 
  we live with the results and constant fear of losing our way of life . 
  so if you think we are being pro erdogan just for saying coup plotters deserve jail time you ought to mind your own business before slinging insults at us . 
  just because you havent heard of g\u00fclen 's cemaat doesnt mean it doesnt exist . 
  every single turk who live in this country knew about them and it was always implied that they had their hands were everywhere . 
  your reaction is especially weird since cemaat 's sole goal is to turn turkey in to what you fear erdogan will do . 
  dude seriously you dont have enough perspective to accurately judge the political situation in turkey . 
  either get off the anti-turkey bandwagon and stop spreading misinformation or shit post away and stop teaching us our own country . 
  i identify with you karde\u015fim, 
  turkey has become a totalitarian government we turks just act like its not to save face . 
  erdogan can just say i am sultan now and no one will have the power to say no . 
  you are right but evne though those press does n't represent the general western view they still use it as ammunition in turkey against seculars . 
  good luck doing that without country going to shit thanks to growing islamism .
