with someone who is so power hungry leads the country education is bound to be swayed his way . 
  there can be no pure rational agenda behind education in these countries . 
  it 's all about propaganda and seeding like minded thinking . 
  that would be correct . 
  it was photographed during the republic day so that 's why flag and the banner are there . 
  yeah and that 's not even the half of it . 
  they are corrupt as hell and turks are morally bankrupt enough to turn a blind eye . 
  i agree with you to a certain extent . 
  people are really brainwashed about atat\u00fcrk and they are no different than religious zealots about it . 
  however atat\u00fcrk was a great man and a great leader . 
  i doubt it was his will that students would be brainwashed to praise him like north korea . 
  i loved getting my shit handed to me by his personal police army . 
  really turned things around here . 
  ps : i 'm turkish . 
  flairs are hard . 
  if it 's about erdogan , always the latter, 
  fun fact : erdogan recently said that youtube is the one behind this . 
  i will go terminator on their ass if that ever happens . 
  i am sure it would be effective on a lot of people and i am sure females would be much more open to it . 
  i just doubt no matter what you do you would get a big percentage of those migrants assimilated . 
  there would be people who would get offended and take that as an insult to their culture . 
  if you can achieve that on half of those people i would say that 's a huge victory . 
  as someone who have been in classes with similar type of people this would n't be as effective as you may think it is . 
  these people do n't go there to assimilate or become westerners . 
  they are happy the way they are . 
  they would see those lessons as westerners being all righteous against them . 
  so they would actively fight against that . 
  they see that as losing their identity . 
  i didnt knew being progressive was time bound . 
  you are basically comparing abraham lincoln with ted cruz and wondering how can lincoln be more progressive then a wildly religious ted cruz . 
  if you feel smarter by belittling others go ahead , i was just pointing out your ignorance . 
  erdogan is a cavemen compared to mustafa kemal . 
  so that comparison is silly to begin with, 
  fuck it lets bomb ankara, 
  dude you basically just compared jesus with hitler . 
  i am so excited i literally just called the police after i read your last sentence, 
  yep you are correct . 
  try paris . 
  i liked the part where governor felt compelled to make a press conference condemning embassies and called them reckless just hours before another terrorist attack hit the center of another major city . 
  as a turk living in the shadows of constant terror attacks my deepest symphaties to all belgians . 
  i hope you catch whoever is responsible for this . 
  it 's a terrible thing waking up everyday and look at news to see if there was a terror attack . 
  i doubt his voters would be pointing fingers at him so easily . 
  erdogan is basically trump . 
  he can shoot a guy live on tv and would get away with it . 
  incindieary rhetoric and divisive politics makes for some loyal voters . 
  i do n't have solid data on it but i have heard they were filling a lot of low wage jobs . 
  my friend has a bakery . 
  they had a few low wage jobs and as soon as syrians were allowed to work in turkey they filled in those spots with cheap syrian workers . 
  i assume that 's the case in a lot of places . 
  from what i have gathered so far people here are mad about that . 
  i live in ankara which has a ton of migrants . 
  lots of syrian beggars on traffic light with infants , little kids with them . 
  people feel their hospitality is being taken advantage of . 
  since unemployment was already high and wages low , there are a lot of people who think they are worsening an already bad situation for turkish people . 
  to be fair he did have the majority for some time just until last election and even than he has something like % 49 or something i forgot, 
  i am actually happy that people like nk-ak are jumping at the opportunity to excuse pkk . 
  it was a civilian shuttle service that had a military contract . 
  desk jockeys and government workers are working there . 
  there are people who bring their children to work so they can put them to day care . 
  those people who are using those shuttles are not blood thirsty super soldiers that just came back from slaughtering kurds . 
  i do n't want to get armchair general territory here i just want to share what i had heard . 
  i also listened an ex military officer talk on ntv whom said that you would need a lot more fertilizer to do such damage which would require a bigger vehicle . 
  apparently vbied was a hatchback so it points to military grade high explosives like c4 . 
  i looked really hard for some interesting info but unfortunately my granddad who knew him died long before i was born and my grandma didnt knew him much . 
  if my memory serves me well mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk ( who was a close friend of him ) didnt wanted to be seen as a dictator to west and sent a group of delegates that were comprised of national assembly members . 
  they told them what to negotiate or not and i might be misremembering this but `` misak-\u0131 milliye '' ( borders that were claimed as turkish land , mosul etc was included ) borders were to be non negotiable instead they were going to give comprimises in other areas . 
  being amateur diplomats they gave too many comprimises and when they returned atat\u00fcrk was furious . 
  they had a hard time in the national assembly i believe . 
  i heard this in a lecture a couple years back so forgive me if i was incorrect on some parts . 
  cant remember much . 
  this is him https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hasan_saka, 
  it was a total mess back then i guess they just went with whatever they got out of west . 
  fun fact my grand grand dad was the head of delegates that were sent to lausanne treaty . 
  i see . 
  seems quite straightforward . 
  wish they just stopped acting so petty . 
  i am wondering the greek perspective on those `` 12 islands '' issue . 
  i am hazy on the details but the way it was teached in our history classes was that we signed a treaty with the western powers that promised those 12 islands to turkey in a certain amount of years but when the time came it was not honored . 
  sorry i ca n't remember more details i am just wondering your view on it . 
  edit : ask a question get downvoted, 
  you might be right but i have seen a shit ton of communist propaganda from pkk supporters in my school so there is that, 
  i am wondering that as well . 
  i honestly barely remember it but it was from a lecture i was in a few years back . 
  [ found a source now . 
  ] ( https://eu.boell.org/en/2015/07/08/turkey-eu-relations-forever-engaged-never-be-married )  three years before greece obtained full membership in 1981 , the eec suggested turkey apply for full membership . 
  this was part of a cold war policy aimed at balancing , and equality towards greece and turkey . 
  however , the then prime minister , bulent ecevit , rejected the offer stating ` we do not think to enter the eec . 
  for , if we enter the eec we will become your market . 
  our economy can not stand this partnership . ' [ 10 ] if ecevit had responded differently , it is more than likely that today turkey would be a full member of the eu . 
  funny enough back in the day when eu was being established another dick head like erdogan rejected the eus offer for turkey to become a founding member of the eu . 
  there is actually great food places just near his palace so do n't count that out . 
  i do n't know what kind of image you have in your head but east is a long way from big cities and tourist hotspots . 
  bullets are not gon na start flying around tourists , and if they do the turkish guy next to him is n't going to ninja out of that place just because he is a local . 
  well that 's like going to mexico for a holiday and deciding to visit cartels . 
  east of turkey has seen conflict for 3 decades but turkey has n't experienced something of this magnitude for quite some time . 
  western parts are safe , hell i would say it 's safer than us where a shooting can occur anywhere anytime for any reason . 
  i agree that people in big cities tend to underestimate what has been going on in the eastern parts but you can thank the government controlled media for that . 
  military did a couple of coups that resetted the political conflict that was getting out of hand but that also caused a lot of injustice to happen so everyone was a bad guy basically . 
  now that the erdogan got rid of this structure at military he basically has free reign unlike his precursors .
