  you can do that in a western nation not in the middle east trying to be the only stable secular country . 
  islamism is a disease that needs to be curbed especially in a country like turkey . 
  yeah i did n't mean to claim cia or some other actor installed them for sure . 
  however i read some stuff about erdogan spending some months in the us right before akp 's foundation so there is just bread crumps around which may mean nothing but when you look at the overall picture with turkey 's recent history in mind it looks suspicious at the very least . 
  we turks have this habit of claiming something is real while we are just taking guesses . 
  i am probably not the guy to go in depth with this topic because i was quite young and apolitical during their early days . 
  i am just offering the secular lefts perspective about it . 
  there is also [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/5jsozv/isis_aleppo_province_released_a_disturbing_video/dbiw1gs/ ) that mentions the topic . 
  his heart is in the right place but like most turks one minute into an argument he starts to veer into conspiracy theories . 
  i would say a vast majority of seculars think west directly or indirectly helped akp rise to power . 
  it 's not like a secular turk can link damning evidence ( about anything ) from local impartial sources on the internet but it 's more a result of decades of observation from the left . 
  many westerners did n't even knew the name of erdogan before the syrian civil war . 
  do you think he was the epitome of democracy then only to be radicalized after 2013 ? 
  when he was being plastered on the cover of time magazine as the shining example of a middle eastern leader he was busy doing a soft coup purging the military from secular generals and filling literally every seat in the state with his people . 
  i am sure most seculars turks here have similar stories as to mine but if you are a civil servant and want to be promoted at your job ( or get hired in the first place ) you pretty much have to be an akp supporter or you should at least accept everything your akp supervisors tell you to do . 
  that 's how schools work , that 's how ministries work , that 's how national media works and that 's how every governmental body works . 
  while he was busy directly ordering riot police to attack gezi protestors western countries were busy reassuring erdogan they were supporting the turkish government ( albeit with lukewarm sympathy messages to protestors ) . 
  as soon as turkey stopped playing ball with the west erdogan became the turkey = isis meme . 
  like i said in the beginning i personally ca n't point any evidence showing cia etc installed erdogan . 
  i can only point out erdogan 's `` tendencies '' has existed well before he started pissing at your feet . 
  one can check how he was perceived in the west before 2013 . 
  are you the same guy who keeps popping up at every thread related to turkey and blame kemalists for everything ? 
  is this your alt account ? 
  no humor allowed until top minds of reddit get to the bottom of this crisis, 
  ah i see your point now i pretty much agree with all of that . 
  r/turkey is often a toxic place but i can hardly blame them considering the amount of suppression we face in our daily lives by fundamentalists , people there are quite jaded and worn down . 
  that sub has become a place to vent for people so it 's mostly hyperbole . 
   banning hijabs in government jobs and being extremely anti-religious did not play well with most turks . 
  yeah i do not agree with banning religious liberties but i also completely understand where they are coming from . 
  i believe pretty much in all first world countries social progress came from the demands of lower classes while in turkey it came from top down . 
  so i can understand overstepping the boundaries and thinking banning regressive things would force people to progress . 
  it did exactly the opposite to our detriment but i believe the governments intentions were good . 
  they had to babysit a toddler but they were n't kind and patient enough . 
  you are not arguing with the same person above . 
  i did not say or agreed with your first quote there . 
  also drawing broad paralels between atat\u00fcrk and erdogan is laughable at best . 
  yeah they do share strongman traits because that 's pretty much what you have to do in the middle east . 
  you are just distorting both their personalities to justify your ignorance on the subject . 
  what academics did turkey had at the time that atat\u00fcrk supposedly purged ? 
  you mean religious medrese schools ? 
  saying those regressive people and today 's academics are the same thing is beyond reason . 
  there is nothing excusable in erdogan 's bullshit purges , same as praising regressive bigots as oppressed academics . 
  there is this idea in the west that if you bring % 100 democracy and freedom people will suddenly break free of their oppressors and join them in the first world . 
  it could n't be further away from the truth . 
  most people have no interest in liberties and often vote against their own good . 
  atat\u00fcrk could have fucked off after he brought all the democractic institutions and legislations to turkey and people would have revolted and destroyed it and form an ottoman caliphate 2.0 with a throne heir . 
  people were not ready and they had to be forced to change . 
  only when they reached a certain amount of individualism and education level government and military could be left to civilian rule . 
  hell they forced it with an iron fist and people still reverted all that progress thanks to akp 's anti-intellectualism . 
  turkey was a nation made up of muslim peasants who had never received any education . 
  bringing % 100 democracy at that point would be meaningless because they would have reverted the power to sultan and just want to live their life in villages . 
  you ca n't look at that time from todays perspective . 
  in order to realize such an ambitious vision you have to drag the people behind you for their own good , one way or the other . 
  democracy only works if people want to participate in it . 
  i think there was but they found a loophole by bringing it to referendum and calling themselves the `` founding parliament '' . 
  not sure how it worked out legally , its been too long since i 've had that discussion in my class constitution 101, 
  erbakan ? 
  that 's what the whole netherlands thing is about, 
  if military was in civil control turkey would have been no different than syria . 
  militarys ' constitutional right to enforce atat\u00fcrk 's ideals is the only reason turkey had ever had a hope of being a modern nation . 
  watch out he is going to stab that orange !, 
  you would think after some time they would caught up on it but nope they still believe everything he says :d, 
  germany banned abdullah \u00d6calan portraits and pkk symbols . 
  there was this vehement campaign in turkey against europe that said europe was supporting pkk terrorists . 
  pkk symphatizers in germany often do protests and you would see these portraits and flags everywhere . 
  erdogan 's party akp used that as a propaganda tool against europe , especially germany . 
  by banning those now erdogan does n't get to play the victim card and milk sympathy from conservatives . 
  of course that was before he forced this diplomatic crisis with netherlands . 
  it 's his usual mo he does n't have a good target in turkey anymore so he had to go international for this stunt . 
  he feeds off drama . 
  does n't matter how he looks he just creates a problem then whatever way it goes he gets to galvanize his voterbase . 
  similar to trump edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/5yun5k/thank_you_netherlands_for_giving_akp_a_goldmine/ there is a small discussion here about it, 
   edit 3 : the chairman of the main opposition party , kemal kilicdaroglu has stated that he 's behind cavusoglu and that turkey would be justified in sanctioning the netherlands . 
  this , my friends , is why we do n't have good things in turkey . 
  you have to understand that k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu is in an impossible position right now . 
  if he said anything other than that he would be hailed as a traitor and would further alienize his party from the nationalist `` moderate '' voters . 
  while i completely agree with what netherlands is doing the problem is that erdogan forced this issue because he knew the outcome would give him ammunition in the referendum . 
  he now gets to play the victim card and gets undecided voters to pay attention to what he says . 
  what germany did yesterday with the \u00d6calan ban was pretty great because it took erdogan 's power away from him . 
  now he ca n't keep yelling germans are nazis because he does n't get to show how germany is helping terrorists . 
  it 's a multifaceted issue and netherlands played right into erdogan 's hands and helped him big time . 
  well yeah . 
  they purged the seculars first . 
  now that they are at war they are trying to purge each other . 
  reportedly the reason why the coup happened was because the coup soldiers knew that they were going to get purged soon and while they still had power they took their chances . 
  that could explain why it was a mess/lacked execution . 
  i would say about a year or two before the gezi they started going completely apeshit . 
  that was the reason why gezi happened in the first place , the increasing authoritarianism and aggressive tones from the government . 
  bureaucracy is filled with his loyal followers so they are actually worse than him . 
  bunch of zealots . 
  did n't they ban a ton of vpn too ? 
  if he lived in turkey then it 's not as funny anymore then it 's just sad . 
  they are actually at full capacity so much so that people who evade arrest orders started to turn themselves in in order to get their sentences lifted or reduced a lot . 
  i am not defending that position . 
  i think turkey has no business being an eu member after 2002 . 
  just wanted to start a discussion . 
  should i advocate genocide for that fine ass tho, 
  there is an argument to be made that if turkey was granted membership earlier maybe the rise of erdogan and his xenophobic rhetoric would have no ground to stand on . 
  in fact akp may not have came to be at all if the previous cabinets had such an accomplishment they would have much better chance to keep their power . 
  although i completely understand and support not letting turkey in because a big chunk of us are absolutely not compatible with western values .
