`` southern ireland is not considered a foreign country under british law '' excuse me ? 
  the full name of the country is `` the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland '' . 
  i ca n't imagine a more explicit example of an acknowledgement of the rest of ireland not being under british control than in the country 's official fucking name . 
  `` besides , all of ireland is in the british isles so they kind of belong to us '' and by that logic , the black sea is literally black and the gulf of mexico is controlled entirely by mexico . 
  seriously , just because the island group is named after somewhere means fuck all . 
  you forgot ireland , mate . 
  sorry , pal , but outdated religious bollocks is n't part of my identity as an english person . 
  and please explain to me exactly what 's wrong with multiculturalism . 
  i believe i 've heard that glasgow 's had some inter-religious conflict that partially ties in with the celtic-rangers rivalry . 
  when i went to liverpool , the only i got of any particular religiosity was the massive , fuck off cathedral we visited . 
  then again , i guess i did n't speak to many of the locals ... 
  `` nato today announces new targets for bombing ... '' nowt like a bit of casual racism to derail this conversation , eh ? 
  do n't know about england , but in the uk , it 's got to be northern ireland . 
  and that 's even worse when you realize how that ties into community relations there . 
  half a franc . 
   the attempt to build it 's own army , to create a european identity that translates over national identities and such helps to push towards a european united states . 
  them are bad things ? 
  well , i 'm unemployed and on benefits because of my mental health issues . 
  but even so , i constantly feel like an ideological alien in this country because of all the racism , misogyny , the archaic political system , and all manner of other bulshit . 
  i 've got loads of friends outside the uk that i honestly feel less foreign talking to than most british people . 
  so , maybe ( maybe ) if this country did n't represent so many things i positively hate with a passion , i 'd maybe feel some pride in it . 
  as it currently stands , this is n't the case . 
  even so , my mentality 's way too individualistic to really embrace patriotism , i reckon . 
  also , i feel like there 's a difference between taking pride in a locality as if it 's your accomplishment and being grateful that you live in a good area . 
   what are national holidays for otherwise ? 
  i thought they were for getting pissed . 
  how 's living here and being educated here something to be proud of ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  you tried to make out that british was especially special . 
  do n't try and bullshit me , please . 
  actually , all that 's evidence of britain 's power and cultural prestige . 
  it 's in no way indicative of us being inherently better people . 
  i 'm not proud of where i came from . 
  why would i be proud of which country i left my mam 's vagina in ? 
  literally the only thing they said that was right was that siestas are n't a part of british culture . 
  everything else was bullshit . 
  do n't create a false equivalency here . 
  patriotic exceptionalist narratives are always bullshit . 
  i am indeed male , but you did n't know that . 
  also , what have i said that 's nonsense , exactly ? 
  i did n't say they were in no way different from each other . 
  i 'm simply saying this arrogant mentality that the british are somehow some unique special snowflake 's bullshit . 
  common law legal system 's a terrible example , because i highly doubt most people in either country understand what the fuck that means . 
  i 've had a few americans wan na shag me . 
  which part of that article disproves manere 's claim ? 
  i reckon japan 's way more obsessed with manners in public than britain , though . 
  like , if two british people crashed their bikes into each other , an argument with a lot of shouting and swearing 's rather likely - probably at least as likely as it not happening . 
  in japan , if what i 've been told by langfocus on youtube 's true ( although he 's from canada admittedly ) , they 're more likely to just apologise and go on their way . 
  i 'll admit that i 've heard from germans that brits tend to be less frank about it when something 's wrong . 
  i 'm not sure exactly how that applies to the uk . 
  if there was a referendum on frexit tomorrow , what percentage do you think would vote leave ? 
  also , [ i found this just now . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/euroscepticism-on-the-rise-across-europe-as-analysis-finds-increasing-opposition-to-the-eu-in-france-a7069766.html ), 
  like what ? 
   asking for evidence for an assumption is one of the most poorly thought-out request i 've read in a while . 
  i do n't think you quite understand how arguments work . 
  i 'll have you i come from a proud tradition of left road side drivers !, 
   there 's little reason to believe otherwise you mean besides the complete lack of evidence for literally anything you 're spouting ? 
  it 's also pretty alien to brits too , though . 
  and ? 
  japan drives on the left too . 
  do n't you know ? 
  the spread of political ideas and philosophical works in europe just happened to occur in the uk and mainland europe at roughly the same time !, 
  this shite 's blowing my motherfucking mind . 
  explain how britain 's somehow especially different from mainland europe in a way that that most european countries are n't different from each other . 
  misinformed more like ; their reaction would be somewhat rational if any of the bullshit the leave campaign was churning out was actually true , but it 's not . 
  as much as de gaulle 's veto of british membership makes me dislike him , he seems to be right there . 
  that said , from what i 've read , a lot of french people nowadays certainly seem to be rather anti-eu . 
  you do realise just stating bullshit does n't make it true , right ? 
  sure : * turkey wo n't be joining the eu at any time in the forseeable future ( or possibly ever ) because of their horrendous human rights record and their questionable democracy , so that wo n't ever be a problem anyway . 
  * your assumption that they 'd be uneducated 's baseless . 
  * norway , liechtenstein , and iceland are n't in the eu and still have to accept freedom of movement . 
  if the british goes through with a `` non-brexit brexit '' , the uk could find itself in a similar situation . 
  but even hard brexit would n't guarantee an end to all european immigration . 
  governments have a lot less control over immigration than they like to bullshit their electorates about . 
  * we are n't out of the eu yet , and brexit 's still not a guarantee . 
  * what kind of sense does that make ? 
  also , i wan na point that this cunt i 'm responding to sent me a message reading :  that refugee muslim cock is waiting for you to take it baby !, 
  go get some !, 
  seriously , mate , get creative with your hatemail . 
  all you 've showed me here 's that you 're not just racist , but homophobic too . 
  i do n't even know where to begin explaining what 's wrong with your shit . 
  firstly , why 's `` refugees '' in quotes ? 
  also , refugees are gon na come into europe regardless of the legality . 
  it 's not exactly stopped them so far , has it ? 
  secondly , johnson is n't actually pro brexit . 
  even as recently as february this year , he came against it . 
  he did a u turn when he realised it could further his political career . 
  thirdly , `` eu project '' - meaningless euroskeptic buzzwords . 
  forthly and lastly , yes , it was a lie - turkey 's completed literally one out of the dozens of areas they need to pass in order to be even considered for membership , and many are still closed . 
  also , all existing members need to approve new members , and germany and france have come out against turkish membership in the past . 
  edit : looking through your post history , i can see you 're a fan of paul joseph watson ( = bigoted , reactionary wanker ) and geert wilders ( racist demogogue ) , you think europe 's being islamised . 
  also that `` islam 's inflexible and needs to be removed '' , which is no doubt a euphemism for genocide considering your nonsense about a forthcoming civil war . 
  fuck off and let the adults talk here , kid . 
  dat edge tho, 
  boris : `` i told the uk to leave the eu , and they actually fucking did it !, 
  the absolute fucking mental cunt ! '', 
  so , after his campaign lied through their teeth about turkey joining the eu and millions of turks flooding into the uk to get people to vote leave , he 's now supporting their membership ? 
  wow ... 
  i 'm actually fucking speechless .
