  in the middle east regime , if someone is in opposition to the government , it does n't mean he is 100 % pro democracy . 
  a lot of people who protests against assad , were mostly against his politics and him personal , not against government type . 
  syrian regime can be compared to fascist secular dictatorship , so when opposition got weapons , many of them turned to the is side , because they wanted to live in a state based on islam and sharia law ( it was strongly banned in assad regime ) . 
  so now in syria we have assad supported by putin , pro democratic rebels and pro muslim rebels supported by usa , and is itself . 
  if we support assad , syria will become dictatorship again , highly influenced by russia . 
  if we support rebels , we are not sure who we support at all . 
  on the other side we have growing is . 
  so ... we are ****** . 
  why should i pay 25 % tax , to feed someone who pay 0 , and does n't want to work at all . 
  i understand unemployment subsidies , but bi idea sounds ridiculous to me . 
  do n't worry we do n't like him too , 
  you have to understand one simple thing that you ca n't clearly adopt . 
  i 'll try to describe our point of view . 
  nazi-germany occupied poland until 1945 . 
  we were fighting them or died trying , that was horrible point in our history . 
  in 1945 red army removed one occupant but installed another regime . 
  not only that . 
  they killed everyone who were fighting with nazi-germany . 
  i 'll show you simple analogy . 
  you and your friends were kidnapped and thrown into dark cellar by group called x. 
  you were raped and beaten every day . 
  everyone who tried to escape or resist was killed . 
  after few months another group ( i 'll call them y ) killed and removed your torturers . 
  but instead of releasing you , they killed everyone who showed any sign of resistance to the x or y , and started raping you again . 
  after few months they released you but they also told you that you ca n't change your clothes with the y sign . 
  you asked `` why ? 
  its gon na remind me of all these tortures ! '' . 
  `` yes , but it 's also tribute to everyone who died fighting with x !, 
  x were bad people !, 
  you ca n't deny it after all they did to you . '', 
  well ... yeah . 
  that 's how we feel . 
  we feel like russia is telling us that soviet cock was better than nazi , so we should be thankful for replacing it . 
  we are not . 
  edit : i have nothing against russian people !, 
  i like you and i think like we have a lot in common . 
  i was many times in russia and i think it 's beautiful country . 
  in fact russia is probably the most destroyed country by bolsheviks . 
  they killed millions of great people in your country , destroyed beautiful cities and kept you from great growth for years !, 
  just think about it how strong and developed russia could be if communism never happened . 
  with all of these natural resources and smart people , you could be the strongest world leading empire . 
  i was born on the poland-germany border . 
  after joining to eu i was spending half of my day on german side and i met a lot of great people . 
  i can clearly say that i was born in europe , 
   it is usually older people , or the ones with lower iq . 
  the main argument is `` muh culture , muh language '' like if writing a street names in polish would make lithuanian language , or culture disappear . 
  [ well ... ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4h8s0h/polish_minority_in_lithuania_celebrating_polish/d2oni0f ), 
  every `` western world '' language is vanishing due to globalization . 
  trust me , english is probably larger danger if you see it that way . 
  language evolution is n't something you can stop or reverse by law . 
  its known `` issue '' and it exists for centuries . 
   they are just a bunch of assholes who get better everything than us , lithuanians , and still are angry that they do not get enough . 
  can you give some examples ? 
   and they always say that vilnius ( and the whole lithuania ) belongs to them . 
  who cares what idiots say ? 
  there are still some people in poland who think that part of lithuania , belarus and ukraine should be in poland , but why anyone is angry about crazy people ? 
  there are germans who consider kaliningrad ( k\u00f6nigsberg ) as part of their country , there are ukrainians who see przemysl as part of their country . 
  why should we listen to them ? 
  we should n't build our opinion about entire country or minority on that ...  oh and not forget that they are breaking the laws ( by writing steert names on their house in polish , for example ) . 
  do you really think that such law should exists in any eu country ? 
  anyone who is backing it is the same kind of an idiot i described above . 
  come on it 's 2016 ... 
  [ approved ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/151029144922-kim-jong-clap-exlarge-169.jpg ), 
  secularism is n't something you can guarantee ... it 's the way the system works . 
  its time to say it - they are afraid . 
  they are afraid of revenge . 
  they are afraid of being accused of racism . 
  they are trying to keep deal - we do n't touch you , you do n't touch us . 
  as long as they do not make attacks , authorities do not want to provoke them . 
  well i disagree with almost everything , but as pure capitalist i like their economic policy . 
  is there any cultural liberal and economic liberal party in germany ? 
  i feel like there is no option for people like me in poland so i 'm curious if there is any libertarian party in germany . 
  one of the biggest of not team sports . 
  it was national sport when adam ma\u0142ysz was at the top . 
  in poland it 's one of the holy trinity : football , volleyball and handball . 
  football is the most popular team sport , volleyball is our most successful team sport , and handball is probably the most growing right now . 
  ohhh i forgot about that little smoky friend  . 
  technically you are right . 
  i feel like krak\u00f3w is ** historically ** more important . 
  the oldest polish university , summary 691 years being polish capital , and had largest autonomy under [ partitions of poland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland ) . 
  it 's so sad that capital did n't return to krak\u00f3w after independence . 
  as i remember it 's not true . 
  in fact in that times men earned much more . 
  also there were a lot of jobs strictly reserved for men and women , not by the law but by community feelings . 
  it was a shame to work in some jobs for men or women and people usually stick to these rules . 
  we also had very rigid family hierarchy , where father was the head of the family and his decisions were sacred . 
  and my family is not an exception , most of my friends have the same feelings about these times . 
  yes i know what you are talking about because i 'm in the similar situation , but on the other hand polish government has to do something with different employment contracts since they are taxed very differently . 
  and i 'm not talking about new higher taxes . 
  it should be just the same amount for same revenues on different contract types . 
  right now i feel like employing good bookkeeper is more important than actual working . 
  as someone who has savings in eur and usd and works for foreign companies , i feel great seeing this  . 
  this is going to be wealthy year . 
  and in poland it always was `` government tv '' . 
  every single government changed whole radio and tv management and journalists to support their side . 
  also journalists in polish national tv are ridiculously over-payed . 
  they earn even 10 times more than in private stations . 
  so polish tv is a joke and there is no difference if they are left or right wing . 
  eu is against changes because now tvp will be euro-skeptic , but to be honest nothing really changed in polish press freedom ( compared to other governments ) . 
  putin in russia , ct , ct , petru , putin in ukraine , ct , ct , putin in syria , ct , petru , ct , putin in toilet , ct , ct , putin riding bear , ct , ct , petru , ct , ct , ohh look it 's putin again !,
