   germany does n't build pipes and sell raw resources because it has none . 
  and russia build pipes and does sell because it can do it . 
  and it does n't build largest industry because it does n't need to . 
  what about usa ? 
  it also has a lot of raw resources but it 's consumed by local industry which is very developed . 
  with your logic they can just sell it for the same profit . 
  but this topic is not worth to continue . 
  let me give you example . 
  if european car company wants to build new factory , why do they choice countries like slovakia or romania over russia ? 
  you have everything they need : cheap energy , cheap workforce , universities and educated people ( not that long ago you sent people into space as the first country in the whole world ) , infrastructure is questionable but you have railroad connections with eu and asia + large ports ( black sea , baltic sea ) . 
  i 'll tell you , it 's all about politics . 
  these countries are stable eu members in free trade zone without tariffs . 
  whole world is trying to make more trade agreements and build unions . 
  now look at russia . 
  the best deal they can make with europe is ... another pipe . 
  to germany , turkey , whatever . 
  every time the world is trying to create closer ties with russia , they start with that stupid acts like crimea . 
  is it really worth it ? 
  this always amaze me . 
  russia has probably the greatest geographical location in the world . 
  huge amount of natural resources , great access to europe and asia , close distance to north america and very smart people . 
  they should be the most powerful nation in the world , build largest industry , science ... 
  yet they decided to build pipes , sell raw resources and build tanks . 
  f *** logic . 
  it should be common !, 
  too many electric/hybrid cars died because of its futuristic design . 
  i want them to compete at engineering level rather than design . 
  yep . 
  [ it was even worse . 
   99.99 % of the people voting would n't even briefly consider actually reading it before making a decision . 
  same with politicians . 
  at least in my country . 
   did the nazis liberate estonia in 1941 then ? 
  1000x this . 
  there is no difference . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  when government transfers workforce it 's not capitalism - it 's exactly the opposite to idea of free market . 
   stra\u00dfenbaubeitrag i love your language xd, 
  it worked in the past . 
  i have very strange feelings about it . 
  russia never broke of with communism . 
  yes , they changed their economy ... slightly , but the country is still governed by the same people with the same mentality . 
  they see provocations and imperialists everywhere . 
  everyone is trying to hurt mother russia . 
  they can not understand that world is n't divided by spheres of influence . 
  people do n't support these kind of actions . 
  they voted mostly against our last government , not because they are radicals . 
  current government decisions are not results of people demands . 
  it 's mostly the price voters agreed to pay for removing civic platform . 
  it was obviously bad decision but like in any other country few largest parties takes everything even if people do n't support them directly . 
  i doubt it . 
  its only religion . 
  trust me , these people hate atheists too ( even from poland ) . 
  imagine shop that tries to sell pc with linux to unexperienced user . 
  it just wo n't work at all . 
  people are used to windows so it 's not surprise that 90 % of pcs in shops have it . 
  ms created great and stable os that is known by the most people and there is nothing wrong about that . 
  experienced user always builds his pc from parts and shapes it in any way he wants , but casual needs `` ready to use '' device with well known software . 
  it 's user choice rather than ms or retailers policy . 
   things are changing , though , because the home pc will die out in the next few generations and only people who need one for business will have one . 
  ms know this which is why they ventured into the tablet market . 
  it 's true but it will take much more time . 
  pc will be used in offices for years because its still the only way to create stuff . 
  creating documents , writing applications , making graphics , web pages , literally anything that is usable in tablets has to be created on pc . 
  pc will evolve rather than die and operating systems will evolve too . 
  this could change if someone invents anything better but it 's not something we can predict . 
  [ icebreaker ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/icebreaker_ ( suvorov ) ) is great book about third reich - ussr war . 
  it reveals immense potential ussr had before nazis aggression and how they planned to crush hitler 's forces . 
  its based on written memories of soviet generals and marshals after wwii . 
  it completely destroys peaceful `` uncle stalin '' image . 
  edit : ofc . 
  like any other `` revisionist '' book , its full of simplifications to defend his thesis . 
  but still its good to begin with nazi - soviet war topic and look at the other side where stalin is not described as hero . 
  please do n't . 
  developing mature software takes years . 
  developing os is unimaginably more demanding . 
  i ca n't even imagine how many resources you have to invest to make anything that can compete with windows , mac or any mature linux distro . 
  is n't that users choice ? 
  i ca n't imagine any way to change users habits . 
  and with all recent changes in ms policy i have to defend them . 
  from programmer point of view , microsoft made huge step forward to increase diversity and open their software to other systems . 
  visual studio which is probably the most used programming tool on windows , has full support for toolchains that gives you ability to compile applications for linux and mobile platforms . 
  it 's something that was completely unbelievable few years ago . 
  . net is now open-source project and supported on other platforms . 
  visual studio code is cross platform ide designed especially for linux and mac . 
  i cant tell you about other areas but in our community ms is very respectable for their last moves . 
  also it looks like this is the beginning of larger actions since they started to put a lot of money on cross-platform project like mono . 
  maybe this guy is scared of turkish conquer of europe ? 
  because i grew up in such neighborhood !, 
  and it is my subjective opinion . 
  i remember that the worst people from my city end up in uk and netherlands . 
  i 'm not talking about whole country . 
  i 'm talking about my `` trashy neighborhood '' . 
  and please stop calling it bullshit , because it 's something i remember . 
  i could name these people . 
  people i knew and i was afraid of . 
  i have no business in spreading abusive things about my country . 
  but i wo n't shut my mouth , because it 's not `` unsubstantiated hearsay crap from traumatized neurotic people '' . 
  it 's something i experienced . 
  and that 's unfortunately true .
