and i agree with your opinion . 
  that 's why i said `` one of the reasons '' not the `` main reason '' . 
  syrian rebels are diverse and trust me ( i 'm following arab spring from the very beginning ) it 's not like demanding democracy was the main reason too . 
  they killed protesters , and that was flash point . 
  they had different reasons than north african states , where pro democracy movements were much stronger ( like in tunisia ) . 
  in syria people were against assad and his politics , but it does n't mean all of them were democrats . 
  and thats one of the reasons why they started fighting with secular assad regime and why so much rebels joined isis . 
  `` friend '', 
  my god ... [ this is even better ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@51.4424086,4.9341458,13z ), 
  maybe i just used improper word . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that there is no ultimate solution . 
  all nations compare themselves to another . 
  they see that other country has easier and more effective tax law , so they try to improve their or make it even better . 
  same with social programs and criminal law . 
  sometimes something work in one country , but wo n't work in another . 
  eu seems to be like `` there is only one solution and we are the only one who knows what is best for you , no matter who you are '' . 
  if we rise east europe taxes to the west europe level , our economies will collapse . 
  we have to compete with you somehow and we have to find our way to catch up west europe . 
   now this is what really compelled me to respond . 
  whether laws are improved by competition really depends on your point of view . 
  competition between national governments only serves to ensure what is often called a `` race to the bottom , '' where governments try to cut laws , taxes , worker protections , and regulations in order to attract foreign investment . 
  if they liquidate worker protections , smart and educated workers will just leave that country . 
  the real competition is about how to create better place to live . 
  should we cut taxes or improve social security ? 
  you cant say that the same solution will work in two different countries and thats the whole point . 
   i do n't think encouraging 28 countries to start a vicious race to the bottom will end up improving any of our laws for the average person , it will only water down what little protection they have . 
  its 70 years of peace after ww2 . 
  european nations competed witch each other and i bet you wo n't say that it was `` race to the bottom '' . 
  we need freedom of trade and opened borders , but : 1 . 
  do we really need european commission with their stupid laws , corruption and business connections ? 
  do we really need this whole money redistribution ? 
  i 'm from poland and we are constantly bombarded with this propaganda how well our country doing with eu subsidies but independent researches are clear that most of eu money is wasted . 
  we are building more than we need only because we have to spend all money , otherwise we 'll lose it . 
  local governments are rewarded not for building useful infrastructure . 
  they are rewarded for spending as much eu money as possible . 
  it 's a fraud , and whole eu is loosing because of that . 
  not mention about corruption in offices . 
  do we really need european constitution or equal laws ? 
  national governments should compete between each other with better laws or taxes . 
  it 's straight way to improve whole eu legislation . 
  do we really need one currency ? 
  its easier especially for smaller economies to solve their problems with own currency . 
  great example how eastern countries goes through last global crisis and how did greece or spain . 
  one day we will be able to travel whole world without visas , buy whatever we want and wherever we want but he have to do it smarter . 
  not by enforcing laws , culture , currency or anything else . 
  it 's slow and difficult process . 
  we ca n't overheat our societies and economics . 
  we need evolution , not revolution forced by european commission . 
  if we ca n't handle 100k immigrants properly , then what we gon na do when they bring their families ? 
  polish referendum law is very specific and allow government to force outcome by composing appropriate questions . 
  we have 50 % turnout threshold in referendum . 
  such threshold is very hard to achieve even in presidential election . 
  so if anyone is against asked question , he just ignores it . 
  it already happened when people forced referendum against warsaw president ( that type of referendum needs at least 60 % of last presidential election turnout ) . 
  our prime minister donald tusk ( same party ) , told that people should just ignore referendum instead of voting . 
  94 % people was against president , but turnout was only 51 % of last presidential election , so it failed . 
  the same thing they can do in euro referendum . 
  if they ask if poland should join euro zone , eurosceptics will just ignore it , so it wo n't pass . 
  if they ask if poland should stay with the old currency , people who wants euro currency will ignore referendum and it wo n't pass too , but with the opposite effect . 
  in fact we can hold this decision as long as we want . 
  there is no deadline it can be even 2070 . 
  thanks . 
  now i know how person exhausted by the war looks like . 
  i hope in europe they will get counseling , after all traumatic experiences . 
  they are so scared and shy . 
  i hope one day they 'll recover . 
  and i wo n't judge them because everyone wants better life for their families . 
  but from europe point of view , we are rich and safe because of rules and steady peaceful grow . 
  we respect each other and we respect the law . 
  without rules europe is no different from syria or any other middle east country . 
  we are safe haven right now , but what happens if we stop to respect our own rules , or let anyone piss on them ? 
  i 'm writing this from poland , so i know what does migration means . 
  in my country everyone has someone living in western europe in his family . 
  most of them left homeland with economic purpose . 
  but all of them had to meet the criteria - get visa , work permit or anything else to do it legally . 
  in 2004 we joined eu , and to do that we also had to meet the western requirement . 
  where am i going with this ? 
  well ... 
  it looks like the only one thing you have to do right now is to destroy all of your documents and pretend to be syrian refugee . 
  definition of refugee is clear , and everyone in first safe country is no longer exile . 
  they have to ask for asylum in the first save country - it 's clear . 
  if we say that everyone who wants better life for their families is welcome in eu , why do we have a borders ? 
  why we demand visa and work permit in example from ukrainians or belorussians ? 
  i know few of them and trust me , they are even more poor than many of refugees with the newest smart-phones , and expensive clothes . 
  they are not capable to pay 2-5k usd for smugglers , because with that money , they can live for months in their country . 
  if i 'm right , poland accepted about 40k ukrainian refugees from war zone . 
  they came to the first safe country , they live here , they working and they are grateful . 
  they will not flee to the germany at the first opportunity like about 100 syrian refugees in poland did ( yes we had syrian refugees even before the whole crisis ) . 
  they will not do that because they respect our rules . 
  i 'm not racist guy and i 'll my share last penny with poor mother with children from dangerous country . 
  but i understand why so many people protesting in poland , hungary or slovakia . 
  they are not against refugees . 
  they are against irrational eu politics . 
  that 's something western people can not understand . 
  democratic reforms is n't something that can be done just by removing dictator from his position . 
  we had so many examples of this scenario , and it almost never ends well . 
  democracy needs mental evolution at the first place . 
  great example is europe where government evolved from monarchy to democracy step by step through centuries . 
  even if middle east is on similar technology and economical level , they are hundred years behind us when it comes to mentality and community . 
  to understand syrian protests , we ca n't look at it from european perspective .
