  you made my day :d, 
  yes and that 's the reason why you ca n't call them objective !, 
  as you can see there is absolutely no difference between left and right wing media and thats what i 'm trying to tell you ( i do n't like to call them left/right , because to me there is no economical left-right difference between pis and po ) . 
  everyone wants to protect their interests , and they use people as hostage . 
  they tell you what you have to do , they push propaganda that you have to go to the streets , no matter what reason they have - constitutional tribunal , smolensk plane crash , tape scandal or democracy . 
  every f ****** time it 's just politics and nothing more . 
  thanks for correction . 
  i thought kukiz had more mps . 
   unless , of course , they decide to organise an unexpected parliament meeting at 3 am , where only pis mps will be present . 
  this way they would get both the quorum and the 2/3 votes in favour needed . 
  one month ago , i 'd say this is crazy talk - today , i am no longer sure . 
  and that will be real thing against democracy . 
  until that it 's just quarrel between parties and media and as citizen i wo n't be part of it . 
  mostly media hate new government . 
  for three days every important news station , every important internet portal , every important radio station , forced newses about protests - where they will happen and what time you should go there . 
  and to be precise - i 'm not supporting current government , but they won election because they wanted to change whole political system including constitution ( and that 's the main difference between two largest parties in our country - civic platform is supporting current system and law , law and justice is against current system ) . 
  now after election media say that they can not change rules even if they found constitutional majority in parliament ( kukiz 15 party is supporting their plans to change constitution , even proposed their own changes to handle current situation so if i 'm correct it is constitutional majority ) . 
  so now it 's more philosophical problem , because they want to defend democracy by demanding new elections which is in my opinion ridiculous . 
  if you do n't want that changes , why did you vote on them . 
  why do you let them win elections ? 
  if you want to defend our democracy , just wait for next elections - that 's legal and democratic way to change government . 
  they did n't propose any antidemocratic changes in our law yet , and trust me if they do , i 'll be the first to go to the street and protest against it . 
  but for now i 'll respect people choice and wait for the next election to change them ( but holy **** not civic platform on petru again ... ) . 
  i wo n't undergo media and do anything they want me to do , because it wo n't improve anything . 
  you are completely wrong about it . 
  they paid millions from our taxes , and i can prove it by giving you this graphs ( sorry about source , but they created nice looking graphs from official reports ) : http://telewizjarepublika.pl/uploads/ibrowser/1_670_04.png http://telewizjarepublika.pl/uploads/ibrowser/2_670_04.png http://telewizjarepublika.pl/uploads/ibrowser/3_670_01.png they paid most to the mos supportive tv stations and newspapers . 
  now `` gazeta wyborcza '' and `` newsweek polska '' are the most anti government newspapers in our country . 
  and before old government they were not that paid like they were between 2007 and 2014 . 
  it 's not even secret that `` gazeta wyborcza '' lost they popularity and without government advertisement they were generating loose . 
  exactly !, 
  but if you do that , i 'll call thief you and that second guy , not only you because you stole more expensive car . 
  these people on the protest are hypocrites . 
  i just pointed that there is no real difference between civic platform and law and justice . 
  and i 'm not supporting any of them because . 
  i 'm libertarian so for me , there is no real political option in our country . 
  it 's just funny to me watching this whole thing and having in mind that exactly the same things happened months and years ago , when civic platform was ruling party and everyone called them antidemocratic . 
  i do n't know . 
  i woke up this morning and i see in newspaper that my democracy is in danger . 
  i tried to figure out what happened , but as i thought nothing really changed . 
  old ruling party tried to move their people to constitutional tribunal before elections , and they did it . 
  after elections new ruling party tried to do the same , but constitutional tribunal said that it 's against the law , so both old and new judges should be removed . 
  this leads us to the problem because there is no constitutional escape from current situation ( as my friend lawyer said , no matter what they do , it will be illegal ) . 
  so ruling party has it 's own vision at this situation , opposition has it 's own , and at this point i lost my track and forgot about it what happened until today . 
  to be honest in poland every time ruling party is changed , opposition moves to the streets and starts protests in defense of democracy ( or anything against new rulers ) . 
  they just need good reason , and they got it . 
  law and justice party ( current ruling ) is more authoritarian , and they like to act a bit against the law , but old ruling party made some anti democratic moves as well ( [ just reminder ] ( http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/33391/latkowski_1.jpeg ) ) . 
  so i 'm not really scared and trust me if anything will be in danger , i 'll be the first to move to the street . 
  but at this moment we just found that our current law is very poor , has a lot of holes and can be interpreted in many ways . 
  going back to the constitutional tribunal , it 's a joke too , because it is place where every ruling party tried to left `` their people '' to keep their interests . 
  the great example is when civic platform ( old ruling party ) changed retirement age , the first ( unofiicial ) judgment of the constitutional tribunal was that that is against the law ( they were auditions in tv where judges said that is is against constitution ) , but ... they asked government about costs of reverting this act ( really !, 
  ) , and when they got answer that its billions pln , they changed their decision ( not unanimously ) . 
  so its just common day . 
  holes in the law , authoritarian government , and people on the street . 
  the funny thing is that as polish i see it completely different :d . while leftist say `` we need to be considered as great and tolerant nation in eu '' , right wings say `` fuck that , all we need is infrastructure , economic growth and safety , even if they hate us in eu '' ( to make it clear as right wing i see our capitalists , not nationalists - they are just idiots :d ) . 
  holy shit . 
  i feel you bro . 
  its like `` i should n't like it , its totalitarian anthem '' , but then i realize how dignified and noble is that music track . 
  it 's the pure definition of real anthem . 
  that 's sad true , but it 's 2015 and they still keep our plane without real reason ( they finished their investigation about 2 years ago ? ) . 
  all they want is to show us that `` we have a power , we do what we want and there is nothing you can do about this '' . 
  it 's just humiliating is n't it ? 
  if you have such income , you can afford great accountant who can help you to avoid taxes very easily . 
  remember , rich people pay taxes only if they want . 
  [ ultimate solution ] ( http://static2.businessinsider.com/image/54f6fd9e69beddea1c8a9c25/without-the-us-navy-and-air-force-globalization-as-we-know-it-would-be-impossible.jpg ), 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  they got banned for one of posters , probably [ this ] ( https://marszniepodleglosci.pl/wp-content/uploads/mn_2k16_prev-724x1024.jpg ) picture . 
  according to official response from polish branch of facebook , this picture contains symbol banned on their site . 
  i ca n't tell you which symbol . 
  but ... you are right about one thing . 
  polish branch authorities are related to center-left movement ( journalists , politicians according to their fb profiles ) , so this may be linked . 
  or not . 
  i 'm not judging . 
  and their accounts . 
  so we are f **** d right ? 
  please explain, 
   china , which represents a danger to russia , `` must , to the maximum degree possible , be dismantled '' . 
  dugin suggests that russia start by taking tibet-xinjiang-mongolia-manchuria as a security belt . 
  [ 2 ] russia should offer china help `` in a southern direction -- indochina ( except vietnam ) , the philippines , indonesia , australia '' as geopolitical compensatation . 
  three times larger active army , 2 times larger military spending , unlimited manpower , unlimited and cheap industrial power , not mentioning that china is buying out western technology ( + working on its own ) . 
  sorry putin , clock is ticking and every minute moves your dream away . 
  also  poland should be granted a `` special status '' in the eurasian sphere not again , not on my watch . 
  i 'm european and i 'm gon na defend it . 
  salt detected, 
   it 's like being proud of not believing in santa or that earth is flat . 
  this . 
  i 'm 100 % atheist ( not even single sign of belief in any form of energy/anything ) , but i never considered it as being enlightened or smarter than believers . 
  i just do n't give a fuck about religion . 
  i 'm not talking about it and i 'm not trying to convince anyone . 
  i also do n't give a fuck about statistics like this . 
  it does n't matter for me if i live in country with 1 % , or 99 % catholics as long as they do n't try to convert me , 
   yeah , lack of chernozem , half of the country in perma frost , difficult logistics for transportation does n't canada face the same problems ? 
   and the fact that it 's been constantly invaded through out history makes it a `` perfect geographical location '' . 
  like every single european country . 
   they were , it 's called ussr . 
  the one that got skull fucked in the wwii and was left in ruins , yet it managed to compete with the usa until the end of the 20th century . 
  the war they started with their friend ah in 1939 , and afaik every other european country ( without few exceptions ) got fucked too . 
  they were military superpower , they had space program , but economically dropping oil price was enough to see gorbachev on the knees . 
  also my family come from ussr , they emigrated by the end of 20th century , so i know stories about that time not only from books . 
  ussr invested millions in war industry just to keep communist regimes in other countries . 
  it 's ridiculously stupid politics again !,
