it 's an attempt to speak english with germanic words only . 
  / r/anglish would love that . 
  `` lord willing and the creek do n't rise '' in the south . 
  that 's cool . 
  til . 
  the lack if similar rules is probably a big contributor to why our bread is relatively poor . 
  i 've been fortunate enough to visit germany once and i recall the bread being good , but the germans ' reputation for it has n't crossed the atlantic yet . 
  99 % of us would still answer `` the french '' when asked who 's got the best bread i think . 
  as an illustration of how bad our bread culture is , i was making cuban sandwiches the other day so of course i needed some cuban bread . 
  so i call around to all the local bakeries and ask them if they could make any . 
  none of them could . 
  in my medium size city , no bakery could ( or would ) make it . 
  can confirm the last bit . 
  the mrs. started watching the bake-off recently and i had no idea half the things they make even existed . 
  so i know y' all love your bread , but where does the affinity come from ? 
  and is french bread making really superior to everywhere else ? 
  how so ? 
  interestingly , this bread attitude carried over to some of your former colonies . 
  any louisianian will tell you that a poboy made with bread other than new orleans `` french '' bread is wrong and bad . 
  in ` artford , ` ereford , and ` ampshire ` urricanes ` ardly hever ` appen . 
  shit , you could be made an honorary texan for that . 
  my grandfather was unfortunately very familiar with how snowy belgium can be in the winter . 
  interesting . 
  over here the variant was usually a call of `` penis '' and a response of `` vagina '' alternating back and forth . 
  yes . 
  we are a country of immigrants after all . 
  i have noticed a lot more europeans and brits specifically in / r/bbq and / r/smoking . 
  it 's great . 
  being such a highly regionalized genre , i ca n't wait to see what local variations y' all come up with over the next generation . 
  pro or college style cheerleaders ? 
  pro cheeleaders are an embarrassment that do nothing . 
  college cheerleaders lead actual cheers . 
  strangely , if i had to pick one thing to be proud of as an american , it would be food , specifically in my part of the country . 
  yes , americans eat a lot of crap but the cuisine we do have with legitimate cultural origin ( instead of introduced by mass producing corporations ) is fantastic . 
  smoked brisket , gumbo , jambalaya , shrimp & grits , red beans & rice , none of that stuff could be considered `` deep fried butter '' . 
  any thoughts as to its origin/causes ? 
  we americans do some things which are n't plain imo . 
  for example we sound most of our t 's in the middle of words as d 's . 
  so `` little '' becomes `` liddle '' . 
  the brits do n't do that . 
  do you mean pro-eu or specifically pro-federal ? 
  i always got the impression that most folks who support greater european integration would prefer a model other than federalism . 
  yeah , i 've been very fortunate to visit a number of european states . 
  but scandinavia and norway in particular have always been cost-prohibitive for me . 
  yeah labs are used mostly for duck hunting here . 
  its probably the # 2 game behind deer . 
  labs are good for ducks since in addition to retrieving , they 're excellent swimmers . 
  of course the breeds you listed probably work better for what y' all hunt . 
  well since this is / r/askeurope i abstained . 
  but since you asked , here you go : http://i.imgur.com/mg6voo3.jpg, 
  actually , yes . 
  there are a ton of hunters , especially in rural areas . 
  i live in a mid-size city in the south and probably 40 % of the men here hunt at least occasionally . 
  i have a golden now , but i 've had many labs in the past . 
  how popular is hunting in europe ? 
  because while i love labs , i do n't hunt myself , but i 've always suspected one of the reasons for their popularity in america is how many hunters use them . 
  are labs very popular in europe ? 
  ( they 're the most popular breed over here in the states . ), 
  hey he 's not president yet . 
  you got to let us have the next 15 days or whatever it is . 
  fair point . 
  does he give public speeches where he espouses political opinions or write editorials ? 
  and if that 's improper , why does n't the queen kindly ask him to shut it ? 
  i often wonder if there 's not some value in having a separate head of state and head of government . 
  many presidents have to govern but they also have to do a bunch of non-governmental work as head of state like doing a photo-op with the girl who sold the most girl scout cookies . 
  i wonder if they 're jealous of pms who can pawn that sort of thing off on a monarch . 
  is charles widely disliked ? 
  and why ? 
  i agree venice is not what it should be anymore . 
  the doges palace was pretty dope though . 
  the accused will know of the evidence was planted and can dispute it in court . 
  the sentence is public so people can tell if it 's excessive and investigate judicial misconduct . 
  ( the doctor i 'll grant you but at least he 's not an agent of the state . ), 
  the difference is this internet surveillance is far more discrete which makes it much more dangerous . 
  asking the public to just trust the authorities to act justly is grossly insufficient imho . 
  any power that can be abused will be abused eventually and therefore requires thorough transparency and accountability mechanisms . 
  it 's good that a warrant is still legally required , but how can the public be assured authorities wo n't access data without a warrant ? 
  if they have the ability to access the data and no one is looking , what 's to stop them ? 
   besides , i like english . 
  a francophone publicly professing admiration of english ? 
  now i 've seen it all . 
  who misunderstands these and why ? 
  is there a good english translation of the kalevala ? 
  i 've heard french surrender jokes way before 2001 in the u.s. 
  but i agree they 're tiresome . 
  and i 'm glad paris was n't bombed to hell . 
  that would have been a cultural disaster . 
  i 'm hoping the dunkirk movie gives the french a fair shake for their valiant efforts . 
  it seems like something that should be gaining popularity : getting kids into nature . 
  is it frowned upon as an antiquated institution ? 
  how popular is scouting in europe ? 
  really ? 
  where ? 
  makes you wonder how dickens was so massively popular in his day . 
  i know germany has a good legacy of reforestation for several centuries now and was influential to early american conservation movements . 
  this made me wonder about efforts in other european countries . 
  will the moors of britain have trees again one day for example ? 
  edit : ok , point taken about the moors . 
  bad example . 
  thanks for your responses .
