  well the way things are going i would n't be too surprised if we manage to blow ourselves up within 20 years ~ or 10 for that matter . 
  but that 's beside the point ; there is no way western europeans will ever become a minority , because even if they do ; the next majority is going to be western european by default . 
  also ofc , it is basic demographics which have shown time and again that there is no such thing as replacement theory , and that 2nd and 3d generation migrants have almost exactly the same birthrates as the native population . 
  the only way germans or weuropeans become a minority is if 400,000,000 ( 400 million ) muslims ( i thi nk thats what you mean right ? ), 
  come over , and even then ; even then , it will still be 50/50 . 
   300,000 were rejected . 
  we want to deport these people swiftly . 
  otherwise it hurts the credibility of our country and its laws . '', 
  rofl , your understanding of engines is pretty piss poor . 
  what do you think happens with an engine which is in gear when a net is thrown at it . 
  or do you think they will turn of their engines so that they get the time to throw nets on the engine ? 
  and do you really understand what behaviour you are defending ? 
  she is referring to migrant vessels , read the quote . 
  so you ca n't get a hard on for a man ? 
  who is the transphobic one ? 
  so you ca n't get a hard on for a man ? 
  who is the transphobic one ? 
   `` we sent home 80,000 last year whose asylum applications were rejected - that 's a record , '' altmaier said . 
  `` and the number will rise again further . 
  there were some 700,000 asylum applications in 2016 and nearly 300,000 were rejected . 
  we 'll be sending these people home quickly because if we do n't it 'll damage our credibility as a state based on the rule of law . '', 
  so they rejected about half of them and they are all going to be deported which is 300,000 people at least . 
  does that give you minor chubby at least ? 
  does not compute .  ???? 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  oooh boyy , you really went there ? 
  throwing fishing nets in other peoples boat engines is not violent destruction of property ? 
  what is it then ? 
  casual destruction of brown people property ? 
  yea all those rejected ones mysteriously disappear amirite ? 
  perhaps you should read the news before you think you have an opinion : http://www.dw.com/en/refugee-coordinator-predicts-record-deportations-in-2017/a-37624374 https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2016/oct/03/eu-european-union-signs-deal-deport-unlimited-numbers-afghan-asylum-seekers-afghanistan http://fortune.com/2017/02/19/germany-deports-asylum-seekers/, 
  hey man , can you teach me how to straw ? 
  but your whole point is invalid because what you are afraid of will never happen . 
  pretty sure you 're the one who never bothered to look up actual studies on german or eu demographics , and birthrates for 2nd and 3d generation migrants . 
  fyi their birthrates are almost identical to native population , practically speaking they will never become a majority unless , literally , 80 million enter germany . 
  because its idiotic ? 
  calm down , the only ones who need to fuck right now are aryans , have n't you heard the race is going extinct : <, 
  i 'm just saying i do n't trust a 20 year old with my opinion on anything , i 'm sorry , but i do n't . 
  if you feel like she is articulating your point well , good for you ; apparently your point can be articulated by anyone . 
  like i said if you do n't trust the system vote to change it , actively undertake measures to change it in a legal way . 
  do n't do it like this , acting like judge jury and executioner on the high seas . 
  http://fortune.com/2017/02/19/germany-deports-asylum-seekers/ https://www.theguardian.com/global-development/2016/oct/03/eu-european-union-signs-deal-deport-unlimited-numbers-afghan-asylum-seekers-afghanistan http://www.dw.com/en/refugee-coordinator-predicts-record-deportations-in-2017/a-37624374 300,000 were rejected asylum in germany in 2016 alone . 
  they will all be deported . 
  she is canadian born and raised , she has no idea about europe , its history and the people who live there , she may have visited it once with her alt right clique but she has never actually been to europe . 
  yes i do . 
   `` we 're buying bigger boats , more boats , nets to potentially stop the motors if there are smaller boats going out to libya and over the next few months we 're just going to be sending out more and more crews that i think will legitimately be able to stop these boats from going out , these ngos , '' she said . 
   ok i was being tongue in cheek but if you are getting real . 
  you are saying that no 20 year old has ever had a valid opinion about anything check , i do n't . 
  your brain does n't mature till around your 25th birthday , look it up . 
   can you please link me to where she has said that about throwing nets in their engine and letting them die ? 
  http://hopenothate.org.uk/2017/07/26/exclusive-defend-europe-turmoil-crew-evacuated-ships-captain-arrested-northern-cyprus/ `` we 're buying bigger boats , more boats , nets to potentially stop the motors if there are smaller boats going out to libya and over the next few months we 're just going to be sending out more and more crews that i think will legitimately be able to stop these boats from going out , these ngos , '' she said . 
   the boats should be turned around , if not it just encourages more to come knowing they will be picked up and given safe passage . 
  if you think they are all refugees that 's slightly naive . 
  we should help people , but when do we stop , should we just build a bridge ? 
  we should and do have treaties and requirements for refugees , how about trust the system to work out who are the real refugees , you know that most get deported after arrival right ? 
  all that the coastguard is doing is their job , stop people from drowning . 
  if you want to change the political direction and be even stricter ; advocate that to the eu , by voting/contacting your meps , but do n't take matters into your own hands because its illegal and counterproductive . 
  except refugees from africa because they are economic migrants coming to take our jubbs hurrdurrrrr . 
  so they do n't get equal treatment ( which they are supposed to under the convention for human rights ) . 
  edit : in fact we should block their boats from crossing and throw fishing nets into their engines so they can just fry under the sun or jump ship and drown . 
  yea , that 's not a vile sentiment at all . 
  but it is laura southerns ' , who is all of 20 years old , never been to europe yet has her opinion formulated for her by the interwebs . 
  anyone who thinks a 20 year old 's opinion is valid about anything should question their judgement . 
  one google search is enough to show me she believes in pizzagate , she is 20 years old . 
  she is a clueless dumb blond indeed , if that is your political ideologist there is little hope for the future . 
  * vile old man . 
  you alt rightos are so sensitive . 
  you got a hard on for her eh ? 
  you 're the ice queen type ? 
  good for you man , just keep it to your self , most people do n't actually give a shit . 
  you seem to be a bit of a bigot ( intolerant of other peoples opinions ) so i 'm just gon na leave it at that and continue giving 0 fucks . 
  wasserbomben ( most vegetables sold in nl are n't grown here though , it 's mainly export ), 
  actually lidl has pretty good vegetables , in nl their vegetables keep on winning blind tests . 
  reminding you this is a woman who wants to kill innocent people . 
  why do you think everyone in the world should share your opinion ? 
  is your opinion the best opinion ? 
  do you think the world would be a better place if everyone had your opinion ? 
  do you think there is only room for 1 opinion ? 
  your opinion . 
  the best opinion . 
  the greatest opinion . 
  yes it is the best , the greatest the best opinion in the world , yes . 
  never needed insurance in my laif . 
  more than enough , ty . 
  this is a quote from her . 
  there is no excuse for antifa . 
  but i 'm free to find her opinion and actions disgusting and disgraceful . 
  they 're not pirates with a ship that is not flying the flag of djibouti . 
  lol . 
   lauren southern ( who accompanied the group 's first attempt to harass a rescue ship in may ) has spoken of using `` nets to potentially stop the motors of smaller boats '' travelling towards libya . 
  this chick is crazy no ? 
  rofl , how does this even get upvoted , what happened to / r/europe . 
  i use baking soda + white vinegar for cleaning though , its great for that . 
  but in nl a lot of places sell it , though no dutch companies make it i think . 
  well , what about saudi arabia , pretty sure they would get any help they required to build a reactor if they so desired ; and any humanitarian issues the trump administration may tout ; the fact is saudi arabia is much worse . 
  vis-avis women , media , lgbt , you name it ; its worse in sa . 
  so its all a bit hypocritical to me . 
  dear me , some serious hubris in this thread . 
  its a race to the bottom , in this sense their argument is valid ~ up to an extent , because it wholly omits the moral aspect of what is being done to other countries by having this . 
  in fact the [ pvv passed a motion in 2013 ] ( https://zoek.officielebekendmakingen.nl/kst-25087-35.html ) which stated that parliament should no longer refer to the netherlands as a tax haven , because you know , negative connotations .
