  we would n't want the public to think that we are doing something shady over here ... 
  really ? 
  see ? 
  this is the problem with all you anti immigrant and refugee anti muslim anti everything people . 
  you just like to scream and shout but when it comes down to it , you do n't know what you do want , because you havent thought about the problem . 
  what is a solution ? 
  whats the problem then ? 
  you complain about immigrants and refugees but they leave your country anyway , so my question is ; in that case , why do you care ? 
  they will leave anyway . 
  then why do n't you let them in ? 
  apparently they 'll all want to leave within no time anyway ... 
  yes , actually we do . 
  we determine those values by the meps we vote for . 
  that western values are so shockingly far apart from eastern values where cognitive dissonance runs so rife ~ i think no one expected . 
  poland has like 10 % ( w/e the number is , the point is its high ) economic growth every year since it joined the eu . 
  the same goes for hungary , yet the eu gets shit on and blamed for eveyrthing , while western european countries are flooded by polish workers ( which is fine ) but oh noe , we are doing well now , we ca n't help brown people . 
  they are scurrie . 
  its so funny , like you have one of the biggest diasporas in europe yet are anti immigration to the bone . 
  total cognitive dissonance . 
  you guys do have a strange sense of humour !, 
  buried ? 
  apparently you are tied with germany for sense of humour too . 
  well its clear that even with another referendum or w/e the choice would be the same . 
  most brits want out , so let them go . 
  they will get a decent deal for themselves i am sure , and they will point and laugh and say told you so , but they still live on a shitty bad weather island full of pale snaggle toothed cretins . 
  cheer up !, 
  who gives a shit what they do !, 
  leave them alone and wish them well . 
  i read somewhere that there was an idea of putting the medicines agency in strasbourg , and move the courts to brussels . 
  i 'd be a huge fan of this . 
  the musical chairs between strasbourg and brussels has become ridiculous , and this way everyone wins . 
  underrated ? 
  i think its one of the most visited islands in europe !, 
  i 've been there too and it is lovely . 
  however , i think at all times for spain , if you can avoid mid summer season do so . 
  it 's not nearly as nice as in spring/autumn . 
  terrified little xenofobe , what can you do . 
  surprised s/he dared to leave his/her hotel . 
  if i choose to walk through certain neighborhoods in the netherlands it looks exactly the same . 
  edit : added gender woman ? 
  awww mannn , i 'm kicking my 16 year old self for not getting him to take me there :p, 
  most catalonians do n't realize that if they did join the eu as a separate state ( highly unlikely , all the reasons mentioned in this thread ) they would become a net contributor to europe ( they 're relatively rich ) . 
  so instead of their taxes going to spain they would go to eu :p, 
  my pops used to live in the vendee and i would see signs for puy du fou everywhere , its a theme park based on the middle ages with people dressed up as knights . 
  no idea it was so popular lol , should 've visited !, 
  spotted dick ? 
  haha . . why ? 
  its one of the best things about living and working in france ? 
  he wo n't be able to touch it anyway , or the pension age . 
  people will get up in arms in france , unlike other european countries where we prefer to be slaves to corporates ( although nothing is as bad as the us ofc ) . 
  apparently people prefer to work to live , not live to work . 
  france has a 35 hour work week , if you measure productivity per hour they are on exactly the same level as germany . 
  furthermore the benefits french employees get eclipse british levels , for example ; free nanny day care for new mothers and paternity leave . 
  not to mention the highest paid minimum annual vacation days of europe ( tied with finland ) ( 36 ) . 
  they fired god-emperor varoufakis because that 's exactly what he wanted to do : <, 
  in other news today ; the sky is blue , the ocean is wet , the moon is far away . 
  are you a gay fish ? 
  do you like fishdicks ? 
  i like fishdicks . 
   and gay rights were n't exactly a corner stone in the us either only a few decades ago . 
  make that until a few years ago . 
  i do n't really agree . 
  i think the discussions usually have representatives from both sides , including wilders fans , in general much better than geenstijl/dumpert people or shit like that ; who 've already found their little echo chamber . 
  yes , right wing is probably underrepresented but not by far . 
  i dunno man , i checked in on / r/samharris yesterday and was quite shocked . 
  it seemed pretty racist apologetic and alt righty ; it may be just because of his latest podcast . 
  could n't stand the guy prattling on without a grain of scientific evidence to back him up and sh seemed to like it ... 
  well , in nl , the government does not mention tax evasion since the pvv ( our great blond leader who iz the betsest , greatest , djt jr. / sr. ), 
  submitted a motion to parliament in 2013 to : please stop calling the netherlands a [ `` belastingparadijs '' loosely translated in english `` tax haven '' but a `` beneficiant tax climate '' ] ( https://zoek.officielebekendmakingen.nl/kst-25087-35.html ) which has less negative connotations . 
  of course the motion passed , with support of pvda which is the dutch version of labour . 
  no wonder they got shafted in the last elections . 
  but most people in nl do n't really give a shit , and think that ; omg we are just being supah schmart . 
  the most common line i hear is : `` if we do n't do it someone else will . '', 
  edit : date ; it was 2013 not 2014 . 
  someone told him that models exhale through their mouth during foto shoots to make their lips look fuller . 
  he took that advice and ran with it . 
  yo , wtf , i am latin american blond master race ty v much . 
  houmous is n't greek at all !, 
  its really worrying to me how these rational replies are downvoted so much . 
  yea , work to live or live to work ; it 's definitely the latter in the us . 
  it has to do with our calvinist background , and these things are the hardest too change . 
  well . . 
  they take the longest to change anyway . 
  true , but i think we 're consistently losing workers rights , especially since the last crisis , we are going full blown neo-liberalism ; and i am no fan . 
  i understand it works , but i think there are things that need to be regulated . 
  now with all these people who are self employed professionals , actually have less vacation than the minimum requirement because there are no rules to protect them . 
  anyway , i do n't live there anymore so i should probably stfu . 
  yes , its pretty sad actually , considering we also have one of the lowest amount of vacation days in europe ( 20 days if working 40hr week ) . 
  i agree with your free speech sentiment . 
  but muslims should be allowed it too . 
  the fear caused by terror is wholly irrational just think of how small , statistically the chances are of being a victim . 
  we are giving up the freedoms which made the west what it is out of a misplaced fear . 
  in my opinion every terror attack should laughed off and more fun should be made of the [ insert ideology ] . 
  you 're wrong . 
  soldiers were not sent home until the end of their service which normally lasted 20 years . 
  the roman army spent most of its time building infrastructure , policing and subduing revolts . 
  at the end of their service soldiers were granted a pension which amounted to approx 13 years of pay . 
  usually in the form of farming land . 
  no , they were n't . 
  they were a standing professional army .
