  judging other countries ' traditions is pretty stupid when you 're being so selective . 
  the moral outrage is silly when looking at the whole thing from a distant , rational perspective . 
  which is , we torture and slaughter thousands of animals daily yet when one is slaughtered and tortured for fun it is selected and a whole nation is portrayed as barbarian . 
  yes it 's distasteful and i do n't condone it but calm with the moral outrage , until you actually have the moral high ground because otherwise you 're just making a fool of yourself . 
  lol , its about simple respect . 
  and how very relevant they are . 
  no their ears are actually chewed off by their cellmates . 
  i think you missed the point i 'm trying to make . 
  probably not , but then again my ancestors were n't enslaved by black people . 
  no you 're right , its not you , its me . 
  i got triggered . 
  what extreme is that ? 
  and actually many young bulls and cows on the way to slaughter suffer needlessly too . 
  the cortison level in freshly slaughtered cows is extremely high , because well they spend their last moments in agony . 
  and not only that most of their lives have been bad too . 
  that 's why eating organic meat is good . 
  and also yes , we are omnivores , but prehistoric man ate much less meat , and much different kind of meat than we do today . 
  hey ~ i 'm not defending the tradition here i find appalling too . 
  please read my original comment , i 'm flaming dutch people , 
  what ? 
  every animal is killed alive . 
  and there have been a lot of studies on stress levels and hormone levels in cows going for slaughter and they experience extreme stress and discomfort right up until the moment they are killed . 
  this choice of moralistic behavior is disingenuous . 
  because they dress up as slaves , in blackface . 
  including afro wigs , garishly painted red lips and golden earrings . 
  and let me say again , i 'm not against this tradition but i do n't see the harm in changing the appearance . 
  but most dutch people feel insulted by even suggesting that the whole thing is racist . 
  what harm would a small change to the appearance of zwartepiet really do ? 
  its so silly , but they argue exactly like people who are pro bullfighting e.i. 
  `` muh tradition '' . 
  yea ~ they 're not always killed like that and most of their life is spent indoors . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't eat meat or anything like it , i just find this choice of moralistic behavior totally disingenuous . 
  sure i havent , but the point is , even if 1 of the those horror stories is true there is a conflict of ethics where we are raising the importance of the life of 1 bull compared to the millions of lives we do n't give a shit about everyday . 
  it is disingenuous . 
  yea ... ~ no . 
  this debate is about tradition , and the comment was about how barbaric this tradition is . 
  whilst our own traditions are precisely that . 
  but we will defend them tooth and nail , because they 're muh tradition . 
  so there really is a perfect analogy here . 
  claiming the moral high ground without having it is pretty stupid imo . 
  i 'd argue meat is n't necessary either , but it is fun because it tastes good . 
  ethically there is a problem here , because we are elevating the importance of the life of 1 bull in a ring . 
  whilst not giving a shit about the millions of young bulls slaughtered for food every day . 
  and let me repeat , i do n't condone bullfighting but this superior morality is disingenuous at best . 
  just pointing out that we love to wag our fingers at traditions we find morally suspect without any sense of critical thought on our own traditions . 
  and when people want to change those ( dutch ) traditions they behave exactly the same way as the spanish traditionalists . 
  and just to be clear , i 'm by no means supporting bullfighting , or zwartepiet i am specifically referring to dutchies on this sub and their incessant humble bragging and finger wagging . 
  why ? 
  morally , there is really no difference . 
  edit : @downvoters please take some ethics classes , they are often free at universities and you may learn a thing or two . 
  it is silly and racist tradition only started in the 19th century by a fucking slave owner . 
  but whatever most dutch people do n't give a shit , and in a sense it can be harmless , but the fact remains the actual creator of the whole story in 1860s was a landowner with slaves . 
  why ca n't we change the colour of the faces ? 
  it 's really not a big deal , but muh tradition . 
  which is exactly what the spanish say , so i feel dutchies have absolutely no right to judge other countries on their traditions . 
  i understand people find it cruel and inhumane , and it is . 
  but you know what else is cruel and inhumane ? 
  how about the 35million pigs kept in the netherlands for slaughtering . 
  that is double the human population . 
  they are stacked on top of each other , and yet no one gives a shit about it because bacon is yummy . 
  but oh noe spain killed 1 bull cruelly and inhumanely , time for the finger wagging . 
  really ? 
  this is so typical of dutchies ~ yet we have one the most racist celebrations in europe but love telling other countries off for their barbaric practices . 
  and yes , zwarte piet is racist . 
  now i condone neither bullfighting or zwarte piet but this behaviour really triggers me . 
  another example , we love to wave our finger at human rights abuse and violations ; when we are the largest tax haven for corporates in the world . 
  which basically serves to keep other poorer countries , poor . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm dutch and proud of it ; but this humble bragging shit i see across this subreddit really irks me . 
  yea , racism does n't exist anymore , why you are all so offended ? 
  because all i can see is ukrainians = good muslims = bad . 
  so apparently a ukrainian life is valued more than a muslim life . 
  because , as some people stated , they are inferior . 
  how is that not racist ? 
  not so much playing a card as hitting a nerve . 
  yep not racist . 
  confirmed . 
  nice argument . 
  why , pray tell me do you discriminate at all ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  the freedom of religion under the ottomans ? 
  or the spanish arabs for that matter ? 
  do you even know it was the ottamans who invited the first jews in 1000s of years to come to palestine ? 
  euhm . . are you saying that you 're racist ? 
  edit : sure , downvote this but tell me how that is not racist ? 
  ukranian lives are more valuable than afghan/syrian/mena lives ? 
  like the invitation to join the eu ? 
  when money talks bullshit walks . 
  be careful not to choke on those 100,000 s of thousands of migrants flocking to poland for the amazing reception they will get there , the warmth and hospitality of the polish people is without question legendary . 
  or his pee pee video . 
  sorry could n't resist . 
  semantics . 
  all . 
  human . 
  races . 
  are . 
  fictional . 
  rofl , you know i would n't give 2 shits if there was a muslim majority anywhere in my country or germany , as long as the secular state is respected and upheld . 
  i know that may seem like an alien notion to you , but i still believe the vast majority of people are good . 
  i 'm sorry you feel that way . 
  hope you sleep well at night .
