too soon . 
  i think the vacation days are pretty similar throughout europe ~ it 's not only confined to the nordic countries . 
  france actually has the most vacation days in europe , but they are all fairly similar . 
  the lowest vacation days in europe , to my hame is in the netherlands . 
  where none of the national holidays are actually mandatory and the minimum amount of vacation a company can give is 20 days/year ( not that any companies actually give that few ) . 
  also a lot of people in nl work 32 hour weeks for example . . 
  only the waiters . 
  please try opening a mosque . 
  you know i used to agree with you ~ but eastern europeans are culturally vastly different to western europeans , this is a plain fact . 
  i mean just take acceptance of homosexuality , or freedom of religion . 
  non of these exist in countries like hungary or poland . 
  if you 've ever been to hungary you will see what true nationalism looks like , even the museums are so full of blatant propaganda and revisionist history , even to a non historian it will be fairly shocking . 
  but as to what / u/tarzanboyo said about rigid borders its false , i feel greeks for example have much more cultural similarities to western europeans than the previously mentioned nations . 
  also , consider that australia and nz both also have large diasporas of other eu nations dutch in nz and greeks in australia for example . 
  their cultural similarities are n't just to the uk in europe but also to the more western cultures within europe . 
  yea because the civilized , white western countries do n't bomb poor , black , brown people because their countries are sitting on oil . 
  that 's never happened !, 
  soros ? 
  no historians considered myceneans fictitious . 
  they were the first to build a temple on the acropolis , this article lol . 
  they also built the `` lion gate '' and the cyclopean walls . 
  the only thing this new research indicates is that they were closely related to the minoans on crete who were thought to have a different origin than the myceneans . 
  it 's nothing ground breaking , really now . 
  it 's actually wind induced upwelling . 
  when wind moves over the surface of the sea ( in this case from east to west ) it `` pulls '' the surface water , this water is replaced with colder , deeper water . 
  actually , in order for algae to bloom you need a large influx of nutrients , and the mediterranean sea is actually one of the least nutrient rich seas , so the likelihood of algae blooming there is small . 
  yes . 
  yep , you 're pretty dumb . 
  the uk has n't even left the eu yet , there 's no way something like this can be judged over the course of a few months . 
  that refugees can move around freely through europe because of schengen ( and why does it matter to a brit ? 
  you were n't part of schengen to begin with ) . 
  lol . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  they 've all been relocated into refugee camps and are being processed , more than half have had their asylum claim rejected and are being deported . 
  at least germany had the balls to do something about it . 
  ah , i misunderstood i thought you meant the belgians were wire tapping . 
  well , i still think its common knowledge , i mean the americans were tapping merkel 's cell phone . 
  i 'm sure several agencies would 've been aware of it ( french , german and british most likely ) , and its only normal . 
  no ~ you do . 
  you have meps who are democratically elected and can change the way the eu deals with immigrants . 
  it was germany , and germany alone who allowed about a million people in , regardless of what you may think . 
  it had absolutely nothing to do with eu guidelines or directives , in fact , almost no eu countries are following eu directives on immigration , the whole `` taking back control for immigration '' argument is moot . 
  to personally offend people from other eu countries ? 
  well , tbf , no country hosting such an institute would n't have their intelligence agency monitoring it , as wel as probably every other eu nations ' intelligence agency . 
  and i think perhaps belgium is too big ? 
  maybe it would 've been better for luxembourg to host it , but in the end it 's not the location that matters it 's how things are dealt with . 
  well we have nato to whose `` job '' is to protect countries from russia . 
  the eu is more about laissez faire trade . 
  i hope so , i really do . 
  i am afraid not much will change , for example we have the chance to give strasbourg the ema , in exchange the courts could move to brussels , and stop this ridiculous musical chairs every few months . 
  do you know what an mep earns when they travel to strasbourg ? 
  it 's ridiculous , and one of the first things that should change , but it wo n't . 
  i 'm by no means anti eu , but there are so many things that need to be changed , i really hope macron and merkel can make it work for us . 
  i 'm also skeptical of all the eastern europeaan countries who seem to be culturally lagging about 30-40 years compared to western europe , which does n't bode well . 
  i think the eu wanted too much too fast , and brexit is one of the results . 
  for the image of the eu , and competitiveness abroad , keeping the uk in would 've been great . 
  but the eu also dropped the ball here ~ there is so much anti eu bullshit propaganda which has no real counter that unhappy people lap it up , and start to believe it . 
  the questions are n't as flagrantly biased as you put it , and the questions were asked in the same vein , e.i. 
  any trend they show ( regardless of the bias of the questions ) will still be significant . 
  actually , if the questions did n't change and kept the same bias ~ any trends they would show would be legitimate . 
  no one predicted -6 % gdp , if so please link a source . 
  people in the us do n't get actual vacation . 
  yea ~ it 'll be a whopping 20 degrees . 
  straight up balmy , we 're just missing the palm trees . 
  i 'll just leave this here :  the teutoburg forest myth is noteworthy in 19th century germanic interpretations as to why the `` march of the roman empire '' was halted , but in reality roman punitive campaigns into germania continued even after that disaster , and they were intended less for conquest or expansion than they were to force barbarian tribes into some kind of political structure that would be compliant with roman diplomatic efforts . 
  imagined communities : reflections on the origin and spread of nationalism . 
  london : verso . 
  it hardened roman resolve to conquer the germanic tribes , which is what they did . 
  tbf though , the victory of arminius ( 9ad ) in the grand scope of the roman empire was hardly significant ( classic example of winning a battle = / = winning a war ) . 
  what is belgian ? 
  how about `` spur in my foot '' draft dodger donald trump ? 
  looks like i was the one who took the piss : ^ ), 
  interesting , would you say the situation is similar to iceland pre 2008 ? 
   if you ca n't understand the reason , i ca n't help you any more . 
  no , i understand your point totally , but it is still selective outrage . 
  but as to my point and original comment , it was purely about dutchies on this sub constantly taking the moral high ground and humble bragging to another level . 
  this triggered me . 
  to be clear , there is nothing funny about zwartepiet ~ if only there was . 
  ~ no my original comment was directed specifically at dutch people , and their constant finger wagging on this sub . 
  it triggers me , because we do n't have any moral high ground . 
  but you 're right , i agree , in general with what you 're saying , but the argument that ( dutch ) people were making is that is is a barbaric tradition , well , we should look to improve our own traditions before we wag our fingers at other cultures . 
  but i do n't agree with your final point ~ because you are valuing the life of 1 being above the lives of others . 
  your point about serial killers does n't make sense . 
  it is morally wrong to kill another person or people , there is a difference between people dying and being killed . 
  the same as it is for animals . 
  the bull in the arena is tortured and killed but so is every bull and steer for consumption . 
  so your last point would be correct if you said you condemn a serial killer because all killers are condemned equally . 
  ( as in 1 person killed or more than one killed ) you see my point ? 
  so what 's your point , exactly ? 
  it 's alright to make fun of that ? 
  yea unfortunately , getting into a debate on reddit is n't very smart in general , so i ca n't in good faith subscribe to that sub : <, 
  what are you on about ? 
  lol . 
  i 'm merely highlighting the hypocrisy of some peoples comments here . 
  but apparently i stepped on a couple of toes . 
  such is life . 
  yet it is , is n't it ? 
  it is definitely not nation-wide accepted and celebrated , there are lots of protests against it and it is illegal in many regions of spain . 
  everyone is derailing my original point . 
  w/e i do n't care .
