  like the roman legions ? 
  i mean g.w. 
  bush did harvard , does n't mean he got good grades , just means his parents got good $ $ $, 
  well ... that is how pension schemes work ... 
  man , my zen tank just sits there all day . 
  does nothing : <, 
  holy macron !, 
  save us . 
  true , all first world countries have a class divide . 
  but none are as big as the divide in the uk and us . 
  yea ... shoot to kill that works wonders . 
  both those walls crumbled to the barbarians and mongols . 
  wall 's are nothing but symbolic . 
  they are tunneled under , flown over , and internetted across . 
  most western european countries experienced this , immigration in the 60s . 
  most were invited to work in the factories . 
  the immigrants were treated poorly and not helped at all , still , most were successful . 
  we can learn lessons from the past but are usually blind to them . 
  my main concern is sacrificing western ideals of freedom ( including of religion ) due to a irrational fear of muslims . 
  now , of course the muslim faith does n't align with these ideals either but people should be allowed to practice whatever religion they want . 
  moderate islam does exist and the vast majority are exactly that . 
  thanks the competition was stiff . 
  like all those christian traditions are based on pagan rituals and practices . 
  the church can believe whatever it wants but when people are directly questioned the majority is not religious . 
  lol . 
  tbf i dont really consider cz eastern european . 
  i am particularly embarrassed by countries like hungary and poland . 
  tally-ho for the queen hip hip hooray, 
  i think you guys would all be much happier in a union with mother russia . 
  then you could all have a locking up gay , muslims and jews party all year long . 
  i just got accepted in to a fully funded phd at uni of bath , being an eu student , i guess i 'm just on time xd, 
  sorry to burst your little bubble , but most people in western europe are n't religious . 
  and yes western values are enlightened . 
  we have a different history , socially and economically . 
  understanding that you can not let fear rule or force you to make inhumane decisions is part of that . 
  i think the eu made a huge mistake letting countries like hungary join the union . 
  more time was needed , values change with time and a good education . 
  why are they illigal ? 
  if they have been relocated to czechh they have passed the vetting process . 
  this means they are real refugees . 
  this thread really saddens me . 
  i see the most horrificc , xenophobic comments upvoted and and anything rational downvoted . 
  to me it seems eastern europeans are still mostly fundamentalist christians in perennial fear of losing their identity due to a few thousand refugees . 
  consider the scale , 5000 on a population of more than 10million its just sad . 
  the dichotomy between east and west is worrying to me . 
  i think the eu expanded too fast too greedy for more.economic clout and now we are stuck with millions of bigoted angry slavs . 
  i \u00b4 m all for strict but just policy , where refugees are vetted and if passed have the absolute right to build a new life for themselves . 
  oh man do n't leave me hanging a m. . . man ? 
  macho ? 
  magnificent ? 
  true , but i think the consequences for the uk will be much larger than for the eu , as it will spread over 27 nations , whereas uk is alone . 
  so alone , so very arrrone , [ so ronery , so very ronery ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueakx9yyhiq ) . 
  they could n't top trump , i guess . 
  of course not . 
  but , i do believe they ( catalans ) are being mislead by populist politicians who are simply using them to leverage more power in madrid ; they do n't actually care about the catalan people . 
  these politicians know there is no way that catalunya can even become truly independent ; as a 2/3 majority is required constitutionally and on top of that ; how will the eu recognize them if spain veto 's . 
  people are simply being misled , and used for the personal gain of several rich politicians ; which tbf , seems to be quite a common occurrence throughout spain . 
  could you please show me some evidence of where they are being unfairly treated ( e.i. 
  not equally represented in spain & spanish parliament ) . 
  do n't bother , you ca n't . 
  because it 's simply not true . 
  there have also been several spanish prime-minister 's who were catalan . 
  it is just a way to manipulate power for some rich people , and even if they become independent , i can tell you right now ; nothing will change . 
  i think you are confused about the definition of subjugation : subjugation s\u028cbd\u0292\u028a\u02c8\u0261e\u026a\u0283 ( \u0259 ) n noun the action of bringing someone or something under domination or control . 
  `` the colonial subjugation of a country by means of brute military force '' yes , walking around in barcelona i feel the boot of the castillian government on my neck , as i walk the beautiful streets of this city . 
  / s/s/s / s/s ( not the beautiful part ), 
  hmm ... having a constitution which is upheld by a national government that can only be changed by a majority seems fairly democratic to me . 
  the rhetoric in spain , to me , seems to be very similar to pre-brexit britain ( i live in barcelona btw ) . 
  where the spanish government is basically blamed for everything that is wrong in catalunya , and that somehow all these problems will be fixed by becoming independent . 
  in order to be free of something you must first be repressed , how exactly and why are the catalans being repressed and subjugated ? 
  but . . but muh freedom of speech/spread !, 
  education , opportunity , equality . 
  of course not , no one `` deserves '' this . 
  but a little more foresight , or perhaps hindsight ( now ) of what happened during the 1950s-60s might help . 
  better than the uk ? 
  ca n't resist : maybe the uk colonized half the globe and are surprised their country is filled with immigrants . 
  most of whom opted to move to the uk when their home country became independent ; most citizens get the right to choose where they want to live . 
  they should take better care of their own people . 
  at least take the time to spell the word correctly . 
  yea . . there were no terrorists before the internet . 
  sure . 
  have any of the uk terrorists actually been refugees ? 
  are n't they all british nationals ? 
  uneducated , bored young men , who feel they have absolutely no way to take care of themselves , or have a meaningful future ( e.i. 
  a job ) . 
  easy targets for indoctrination . 
  none of the above seem to adres the real issues ~ poverty , education , inequality, 
  nonsense . 
  immigration does not equal labor . 
  well , i mean in particular the sculptures , are brutalist , in that there is little detail and faces are made with angular , sharp lines instead of intricate details . 
  i like it too , i just wondered why they were different !, 
  i meant `` ridiculous '' as comparative to the other facade :p they are diametrically opposed styles , which is cool . 
  so i 've recently moved to barcelona !, 
  for a couple of months anyway ; and i was here the other day and i have a question . 
  the west facing facade has ridiculous ( well totally different to the rest of the building ; to me its like the soviet brutalist style ) looking sculptures compared to the other side . 
  anyone know why that is ? 
  i get most of these . . 
  but malta : `` borg '' some kind of norman outpost relic thing ? 
  everyone tripping over their own bullshit theories in this thread . 
  the best one so far : immigration is a neo liberal construct .
