  st. petersburg is too beautiful to flood , 
  might be cheaper this way, 
  cctv is probably cheaper than physical visits from compliance , or a regulatory body . 
  my mum had a similar policy , but my grandad had alzheimer 's and would give me whisky when i was 6/7 . 
  did n't really like it back then though . 
  already been loads of good mentions here , so i 'll just stick to ones that i have n't seen elsewhere : * louis capart : traditional singer with french folk songs https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qqpqudbdlk0 ( most famous british equivalent would be the corries ) * charlotte gainsbourg : her songs can give me frisson - she almost whispers them and it feels eerily intimate ( listen to this album start to finish and you wo n't regret it - https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8_8qetskx3q ) * bb brunes : poppy and cheerful indie band https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5ethmrmmm * jeanne cherhal : helps if you can understand french https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=f0wryc_djp0 * patrick bruel : guilty pleasure but he has a big fanbase and i 'm not really ashamed anyway  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fbzfkq1vrfy ( again it helps if you understand french for this one ), 
  note french speaking but actually belgian famous for alors on danse and papaoutai , but i think formidable is a very haunting song and he has some great tunes in general, 
  i went to a school where the bullies were made prefects in the sixth form , and it pretty much felt like what they 'd been doing was formalised by the school . 
  the people i know who have tvs are generally the same people who own landlines . 
  national identity is still retained within the uk . 
  less so in london though , as it 's such a melting point . 
  perhaps this would happen in a federative eu . 
  thanks !, 
  even as recent as the 70s women could n't own property , sit on a jury , drink in a pub ( most bars refused entry , but okay there were some ) , and upon marriage would not legally be allowed to refuse to have sex with her husband and also would have to give up her job if she worked for a bank or in public service . 
  it 's amazing how successful irish feminism has been in such a short time . 
  what 's ubi ? 
  * northern ireland , not much explanation needed there . 
  * shetland was norwegian only a few hundred years ago . 
  the flag is a scottish saltire with a scandi cross , which i think pretty accurately reflects the attitude i 've heard from people there . 
  both holyrood and london are quite distant , and there 's historically been some bad faith with ruk , given the islands were targeted for navy press gangs , and some restrictions on fishing that were n't good for the economy that i do n't know a lot about . 
  i 've heard about norwegian politicians visiting the shetlands , and there 's an independence campaign . 
  * orkney is more british but still feels a bit foreign . 
  it was sold to scotland by the same norwegian king who sold the shetlands . 
  edit : i guess bermuda has a british minority , but most people identify as bermudan rather than something else like portuguese . 
  surprised nobody has shared mc solaar yet . 
  his album , * cinqui\u00e8me as * , is a classic : https://youtube.com/watch?v=xmfjno_le-g i like bashy also , who is a british grime artist . 
  he used to drive our school bus before he made it  https://youtube.com/watch?v=uekj597qaro, 
  i used to spend my summers in a small town near obernai ; the heat was unbearable but luckily there was a lake nearby we could swim in . 
   learnt no kidding you learnt british english , 
  also pedantically , the question asked my first thought when i heard the word  i get your point though !, 
  i think of a turnip http://www.bbcgoodfood.com/glossary/swede swed * ish * , or swed * en * , and i think of these things in order : 1 . 
  people i know from sweden 2 . 
  memories from a summer i once spent in sweden , including jellyfish in gothenburg , and steering a small boat in a lake ( ? ), 
  interior design 5 . 
  and did those feeeeet in ancieeeent time , walk upon england 's mountains green ... 
  so colourful i wonder if there are any shops where i can buy ukrainian dresses . 
  make a polder out of doggerland and claim it , you have experience with this sort of thing right ? 
  where in the uk are you ? 
  no mosquitoes in iceland . 
  i hate to say this , as i do have a strong view on the matter , but there is n't a non-biased source . 
  i would like an open and official investigation to be published by the government , or for questions about the royal household not be made exempt from foi requests . 
  sure you can find about things like the crown estate individually , but the official figure for the civil list of ~ # 45m a year is only the direct salary and , again , other expenses of the royal household are generally exempt from freedom of information laws . 
  [ the only serious public estimate of cost is by the pressure group that wants to end the monarchy ] ( https://www.republic.org.uk/sites/default/files/royalexpenses.pdf ) , which is unfortunate . 
  you should look at the pie chart on page 13 and see if you agree with the breakdown - it includes things like bona vacantia where property without a will sometimes goes to a member of the royals ( but this is not exactly the same as a government handout ) . 
  cgp grey makes some big assumptions , including that the crown estate are the personal property of the windsors ( looking at the faq section of the crown estate 's website could have solved this . 
  this video has been thoroughly rebutted here - https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_2io5ifwkdw not that money should be the only way we decide our constitution ... 
  not sure how different an english accent for this word is to an american , but it all sounded fine to me . 
  i think alsace is underrated . 
  it has beautiful scenery , sweet brandy , architecture that inspired studio ghibli , and an interesting history . 
  definitely do n't just stay in strasbourg/colmar but explore the countryside though . 
  a lot of africans know russian because of the soviet influence during the cold war . 
  many even came to russia for education . 
  was there something similar here ? 
  what are the consequences of choosing english as the official language ? 
  could austria choose english just to keep it on board or would they then have to start using english for official purposes ? 
  might 've been different because my school was in england , but we almost always had some sort of mention of the queen in our ( primary school ) assembly . 
  northern ireland is a good bet also . 
  ah , i could n't find it some other countries . 
  it 's my favourite so i 'm glad it 's not unique !, 
  the chicken legend , it 's breaded chicken with iceberg lettuce and mayonnaise or salsa . 
  love it love it love it . 
  ca n't wait till i can eat junk food again . 
  edit : is there anything like what i 've described , or this http://burgerking.ru/product/fish-king , in the us ? 
  even coal !, 
  it also has good flight connections from what i hear . 
  the public would n't want everything nationalised , and nationalising rbs for instance was n't well received , but there are areas where the public do prefer something run by the government https://yougov.co.uk/news/2013/11/04/nationalise-energy-and-rail-companies-say-public/, 
  ah , i assumed russian, 
  if you 're still interested in european integration , 1989 : the struggle to create post-cold war europe by sarotte is one of my most recommended history books . 
  for what it 's worth , i find ` southern ' and minnesotan accents pleasant . 
  is there any sort of spain-only dialect you can call upon ? 
  eg scottish have scots , most english people have some knowledge of rhyming slang . 
  she sings and she makes music , she 's a singer and a musician . 
  just because my watercolours do n't sell for millions it does n't mean i 'm not an artist in time . 
  i 'm sure serge himself would disagree with you anyway , 
  i like her whispery singing voice and the music that is produced under her name . 
  a lot of her songs evoke strong emotional responses from me , and ( partly due to the lyrics ) le chat du caf\u00e9 de artistes sends shivers up my spine . 
  it takes a lot of arrogance to say someone else 's musical preferences are ` wrong ' . 
  his daughter , charlotte gainsbourg , is even better in my opinion . 
  i also like jeanne cherhal who is a tiny bit similar to cg . 
  it 's on europe 's periphery , but i 'd have to say armenia . 
  it 's such an old country with its own distinct culture and language that has been nestled in between three great powers and over the past hundred years or so had a lot happen to it . 
  i 'm also really interested in energy and from an energy security perspective armenia is one of the most fascinating countries in the world . 
  i 'd really like to visit one day . 
  thank you, 
  you have to unscrew the cap at the top . 
  ah , did n't realise . 
  thanks . 
  pikeys are more a term for gypsies , not sure if an ethnicity can be compared to rednecks . 
  guy on the right looks like he 's missing a moustache !, 
  yes but then the kind of people who live there will disperse, 
  anything can be art , does n't mean it 's good . 
  it means that the ` office ' of the monarchy owns that , just like i own my work laptop but if i leave then they get to keep it . 
  should i add a warning ? 
  i know reddit is against trigger thingies but might be worth it in case someone has ptsd from car crash/seeing someone die, 
  i did n't realise that , i was definitely looking for that one too as everything about that is just so haunting . 
  edit : ** trigger warning violent death ** northern ireland has the same deal , but also could be because of some really traumatising drink driving ads they 've been showing for the past 20 years or so . 
  example : https://youtu.be/xtjqw--dgl8 another example : https://youtu.be/dmg-en1iiby compilation that would just remind anyone who grew up with these adverts of all the specific circumstances : https://youtu.be/fkpu4cd-ziu, 
  how popular is calimocho/kalimoxto ? 
  i love szarlotka , it tastes cinnamon-y . 
  it has a fairly low alcohol content compared to spirits , and on its own tastes more of herbs and spices than the gin it 's based on .
