  not for long , of course . 
  after a month or two of pepsi being too pricey for the average hungarian , you 'll find no pepsi at all . 
   and 5.3 million scots will have moved to the alps . 
  so much for the scots fertility rates . 
  i want to try to convince you that this is actually the bravest thing for them to do , and that 's coming from someone who would personally urinate on every hijab or similar tool of suppression had i the bladder to accommodate the oceans of piss required . 
  you are attempting to reach an agreement . 
  you are the weaker party ( i.e. 
  you really badly need this deal to happen ) . 
  what do you do ? 
  exert dominance . 
  be submissive . 
  others are linking photos of politicians not wearing scarves in islamic nations , but they 're massively missing the point . 
  these women are there to ensure the welfare and prosperity of their nation . 
  like , say , you 're hungry and the only food available to you is something you dislike . 
  you still eat it . 
  you need sustenance . 
  with my lack of understanding of swedish politics , i 'm going to assume they ran on a platform of women 's rights . 
  whatever , i prefer ` rights ' full stop , but that 's hardly front-page-news-title-worthy , and front-page-news-title gets you votes . 
  they know this . 
  they are defecating all over their platform and core principles , and for what ? 
  some money ? 
  because they just do n't have the * balls * for confidence ? 
  so they do n't make some wife-beater uncomfortable ? 
  the law ? 
  because sweden needed the agreements . 
  they are n't incompetent . 
  they knew this exact title would be here , and comments on their hypocrisy would flood social media . 
  they knew they 'd be fucking themselves with this bend-and-spread . 
  but they did it anyway . 
  because for all your yelling about money-grubbing , your country would n't have the infrastructure to allow your idiotic postings without it . 
  remember this next time you 're checking those boxes . 
  throw all these fucks out . 
   surge of hyper-partisan social media posts sowing confusion about basic facts to support right-wing candidates i could literally change ` right ' into ` left ' in that sentence and it would remain one hundred percent true . 
  when you hit a line like that , if your immediate response is n't '' * this article is biased bullshit * '' , you 're doing it wrong . 
  not to say anything about `` artificially boosting the far-right '' , which is an utterly meaningless phrase . 
  i 'm severely disappointed that i just felt the urge to point out that i 'm not whatsoever right-aligned because i knew that assumption would be made . 
  criticism of any political extremism automatically puts you square in the middle of the opposite extreme like ` moderate ' and ` reasonable ' have entirely ceased to exist . 
  agreed . 
  i 'll be patient while i wait for the irony to sink in . 
  i said it was beautiful and i was n't being sarcastic . 
  do you know how in a firing squad , they would n't give everyone a live round ? 
  that way none of the soldiers performing the execution were really ` responsible ' . 
  welcome to the 21st century firing squad . 
  they 'll hand this vote to a ton of people , none of whom will actually really be ` responsible ' for the vote failing . 
  democratically circumventing democracy , now you look me in the eye and tell me this is n't beautiful in every sense of the word . 
  i 'll just put this here : i looked for the questionnare design for op 's survey and was more than pleased to find [ this ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/methodology/u-s-survey-research/questionnaire-design/#question-wording ) on the way . 
  the number of biases involved in survey results is absurd and while i do n't doubt many survey 's have the best of intentions , i do and * should * doubt the result of every single one of them . 
  for the record , it 's also legal to do it to big boys . 
  can anyone eli5-tl ; dr how this is possible ? 
  louisiana/mississipi/alabama have over 7 times the homicide rate of the worst areas in europe , and they 're far from the states i 'd have imagined seeing ` the wire ' - like drug dealing ghettos . 
  edit : thanks for the responses that was far more informative and civil than reddit comments have a right to be . 
  better watch out , zuckerberg !, 
  eu is going to lay the smackdown on you with a fine equal to about 7.4 % of the total profits made through this functionality !, 
  bet you 'll think twice now !, 
  he worked hard , we ate well , we had cookies , we had toys , we had new clothing , we had a mother who got to stay at home because dad worked his ass off to support the family . 
  he also beat us nightly . 
  are we doing well ? 
  did my brother and me do well ? 
  who are you to judge either situation ? 
  armchair economist , armchair politician , making a claim you have no basis for and ca n't support , and in a sad effort to avoid being put on the spot to elaborate you put it forward in the form of a sarcastic non-question . 
  oh by the way dad never touched me , i do n't have a brother and i benefit massively from our eu membership . 
  it was a silly response to a silly statement . 
  you 're free to stash your serious-frown-agenda-push-face until you grow into understanding when to put it on . 
  w-win ? 
  this is like when my brother and i used to see which one of us dad , in a drunk stupor , had hit hardest with his belt by seeing whose back had the most defined buckle-shaped bruise . 
  i used to ` win ' there as well . 
  response to my comment as well as the account that made it were deleted . 
  if it had anything supporting the `` cunt '' theory i 'd love if you could repeat it for me . 
  i 'm just kidding , please do n't . 
  waddle on back to geenstijl where everyone gets to pretend `` that other wing '' is at fault for any and all things wrong with society . 
  it 's where dumb fucking questions like yours get the dumb fucking answers you like . 
   what 's so fun about taking other people 's money . 
  you tell me next time you drive to work on 28 kilometers of asphalt you did n't build yourself ( couple million per kilometer depending on location ) . 
  or drink some milk you bought at 30 % of the price because we subsidize it to absolute shit . 
  or when you do n't get your car destroyed while you 're sleeping because we have police and a justice system . 
  or when you do n't get killed crossing the street because we have traffic lights and pedestrian crossings ( and roundabouts if you 're in a proper country ) . 
  when you get the flu and you do n't just up and die . 
  when you get paid because you are incapable of working due to any number of factors . 
  when you drive the bus . 
  when your kids get to walk around outside in winter . 
  when you go to a museum . 
  when you are educated in a public school and use this education to come on the internet largely funded by the state and ask absolutely fucking retarded questions in a language other than german or russian . 
  to start : it 's perfectly ` ok ' to agree with geert wilders . 
  for any subject not fact-based , your argument should be delivered under the assumption that you * can * be wrong . 
  you were n't arguing a point you were lecturing . 
  that 's a great way to breed hostility and get anyone reading what might be valid points to not absorb everything or even anything you 're saying . 
   in a functioning society , there are only a few people who are allowed to decide wether or not a person must leave the country or not . 
  in a functioning society , * everyone * is allowed to decide whether or not a * people * ( this is about people , not individuals . 
  judges do n't have the power to bar entire races ) must leave the country or not . 
  they do this by voting . 
  if the people in a country decide moroccans are no longer allowed to enter , it will be so . 
  there would be consequences , you could argue with them , but in the end what you believe ` ok ' or not is irrelevant . 
  wilders was speaking to these very people , trying to get a rise out of them , which is something politicians * do * , leading to :  political discussions never lack any heat , everybody knows this . 
  that 's why i believe this whole thing is moot . 
  politicians around the world spout shit like wilders did . 
  they lie , they misrepresent , they overstate and they mislead . 
  with disgusting frequency i see statements made by well-known , high-level politicians be proven factually incorrect , i see them ignore calls for them to hold to promises they made , i see them change their opinions on policies they claimed were of importance . 
  this is just more of that . 
  i do n't consider what wilders said to be uncharacteristically vile for a politician . 
  so here : i want fewer moroccans .
