   adding weight  suggest  [ terrorist outfits ] claim to be  he believed < in a month  someone : cnn lied ( again ) about some shit cnn : naw , bruv , we just suggested and implied that maybe perhaps the possibility could exist that something of the sort might conceivably have occurred . 
  we never * actually * said it happened . 
  where are you treacherous swedish hiding the tree of life then , eh ? 
  i do n't like knowing what you mean . 
  wait , i do n't understand at all . 
   according to an unpublished report delayed by the home office . 
  * unpublished * ? 
  but the telegraph got to read it , right ? 
  otherwise they would n't have the balls the say this :  the study highlights the near insurmountable problem [ ... ] no . 
  they did n't read it . 
   details are contained in a report ordered by theresa may [ ... ] it was delivered to the home office in february . 
  the actual professor 's quote :  prof walker said : `` my research suggests there are more than 40 foreign terrorists convicted in the uk who have avoided deportation using the human rights act . 
  the figure is much larger than was previously thought . '' funny how the guy who wrote the thing draws fewer conclusions than the trash-tier newspaper that wrote this article without so much as seeing the cover . 
   a scheme called deportation with assurances ( dwa ) i like that . 
  allegedly this was n't well implemented , that 's sad and shitty and we can do better . 
  i can think of no greater show of strength than giving those who would forcibly take your rights the exact rights they attempted to take . 
  fuck your thoughts and prayers , this is where you win . 
  do n't let bullshit articles like this lead you to agree to have them wantonly taking away rights . 
  before you blink ...  the intelligence agencies and counter terror police are under huge pressure after it emerged that in the three recent islamist terror attacks , the perpetrators were known to security services . 
  ... ` being known to security services ' is grounds for legal action , and it at no point should be . 
  is that seriously a mosque ? 
  and how the hell are they getting away with that ? 
  or is this some vigilante doing it against the mosque owners will ? 
  i do n't want to be a cynical prick or nuthn but i have a hard time believing what i 'm seeing . 
   eu residents need to know that the `` confidentiality and safety '' of their data is `` guaranteed , '' according to the draft , and backdoors risk `` weakening '' that privacy . 
  if i 've learned anything of government over my lifetime , it is that laws are a guarantee of literally nothing . 
  * fake edit : not confirmed it was intentional anywhere in the article except for a claim from some ` council ' . 
  * aaaaaah , i love dominos . 
  someone attacks you and instead of showing the wonky fuck how it 's done and staying upright you topple over into the poor sod that might have supported you . 
  congratulations , dumbass , you just created more extremists than you removed by a stupidly colossal factor . 
   werner kraetschell , who knows angela merkel and her thinking well , says she wants a `` strong german army able to take international responsibility '' why do you people do this ? 
  why not just put up the title ? 
  why do you insist on clickbaiting up every goddamn news article ? 
  you just know you have people going around claiming merkel said this now , that they read it on bbc.co.uk , and for what ? 
  so some twat could get some karma . 
  jesus christ just get rid of karma . 
   disallowed submissions : editorialised titles : use the original title of the article , or add text from the byline or the first paragraph where necessary ( for clarity ) . 
  refrain from including your opinion within the title or arbitrarily emphasizing selective segments . 
  the people who read and rely on them are easily identifiable and even easier to rebuke . 
  i benefit because i 'm an idiot and i need bigger idiots to feel smart . 
  `` what the fuck they left out my country ! '', 
  funnily enough most of the polish in the eu live in 4 of the 5 countries at the bottom . 
  i 'll get to argue the benefits of the eu one day , and not be swarmed and demolished by legitimate concerns over the lying , thieving , immoral knights of abominable lack of integrity that make up the european commission . 
  i 'm kidding , of course . 
  they 'll crater us long before . 
  unfortunately they 're too clever to get on enough common people 's news feed . 
  hey , you want a leg to stand on when you argue the benefits of the eu ? 
  snuff this out . 
  our currency is difficult to manage , and these corrupt knobs are managing it . 
  i do n't blame anyone for not trusting it . 
  like having pedophiles write child protection laws . 
  you did n't read the article . 
   because most of the event space would for black women only the two ethnicities on this earth that i worry the least about when it comes to discrimination are : 1 . 
  the irish 2 . 
  black women i firmly believe that if sass were the universal response to racism , there would be no racism . 
  alternatively you could weaponize ` drunk ' and just not care . 
  eat a stroopwafel . 
  dutch is to stroopwafels what drunk is to tequila . 
  the hangover is a brutal , irresistible urge to cycle everywhere and it never subsides . 
  you pass the immigration exam when you shun the car to shop with your bicycle , 10kgs of milk and juice in a bag over your shoulder , 2 more bags hanging from each handle and a final bag in one arm , taking away your ability to signal direction and turning you into a massive safety hazard . 
   i do n't see how it 's fallacious . 
  these people are n't trying to change the eu or make it work , they just want out . 
  well then , get the fuck out that is n't how politics works , fortunately and unfortunately . 
  we argue for what we think is best , but we do so in an environment the rules of which we do not get to dictate . 
  if i were to take a full , active , no-concession stance on the things i mentioned before , i would walk the street naked , broke , hungry and would likely end up in a gutter or canal . 
  in such a scenario i would achieve * less * in any struggle against abuse than if i had kept reaping the rewards of that abuse . 
  its never simple , there is no obvious answer and ` get the fuck out ' just is n't how things work in the real world . 
   but does le pen and her ilk vote for such things as reform packages in the eu ? 
  no , they do n't , they actively use their positions to inflict as much damage as possible on the eu as a whole . 
  good point to base a well researched article on . 
  i 'd like to read it , rather than the trash we 're commenting on . 
  being in the eu means getting money from the eu . 
  it also means giving money to the eu . 
  i abhor slave and child labor . 
  i abhor maltreatment of animals bred for consumption . 
  i abhor exploitation of low-income countries to produce western products . 
  i still own shirts made in malaysia . 
  i still eat chickens whose lives are far from comfortable , and i still own a smartphone with foxconn parts , eat nutella , and there 's rubber and leather all over my house you could likely trace to undesirable practices of some kind . 
  does this make me a hypocrite ? 
  maybe . 
  does ( would ) my being hypocritical make any of the abuses i mentioned less abhorrent ? 
  i 'm not comparing the eu to slave labor , but this '' * if you hate the eu so much stop taking its money * '' argument is fallacious and the exact populism this article condemns . 
  i want to see the eu succeed , not pretend it has by accepting this sort of nonsense reasoning . 
  in the end this kind of discourse will harm our cause more than help it . 
  going the `` fraud '' and `` corruption '' route as an argument for the eu is just as silly since all you 'll end up getting is a list of left-leaning eu supporting frauds and corrupt officials ( and there are many ) . 
  ** the title of this post is shit . 
  it is not the title of the article and it blatantly promotes responding without reading , which seems to be exactly what happened . 
  ** this article does n't seem to deliver much in the way of relevant proofs for anyone not familiar with these people . 
  the whole text reeks of ripped-out-of-context quotes and general dodgy reporting . 
  ** article tl ; dr ** : * meeting with actual nazi sympathizer , then some angry quotes from someone who had a falling out with the party ( best kind of person to ask for opinions ) followed by cherry-picked information from an ongoing trial , then a laughably forced segue into an utterly irrelevant financial scandal ( did they use nazi bookkeeping techniques or something ? ) . 
  regardless of the truth of their affiliations , this article is garbage-tier journalism . 
  * meeting someone ? 
  speaking warmly of your visit ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  i would speak warmly of a visit with adolf hitler . 
  he was a brilliant man and unrivaled leader and public speaker . 
  a chat with him would be one hell of an intellectual experience and many would jump at the opportunity . 
  does this make us nazi sympathizers ? 
  does it make us want to murder jews , gays , and anyone affiliated with a religion or particular cause ? 
  does having spoken with adolf hitler invalidate our views , opinions or make us a bad influence on anyone around us ?
