  i also want fewer turks . 
  the turks are easier to give a clear argument for , but the core of the issue is the same . 
  somewhere in the 60 's and 70 's turks came to the netherlands . 
  we were rebuilding our nation and they were cheap labor . 
  the turks who came here believed they could fund struggling families back in turkey . 
  they were never meant to stay here , so little was done to integrate them into our society . 
  they did n't become dutch . 
  unfortunately they did n't earn a whole lot of money here , so they brought over more turks , who were yet again , not integrating . 
  i ca n't say whether fault lies with anyone in particular here . 
  so the turks stayed , and remained utterly turkish in the absence of any attempts to make them a part of this country . 
  i happen to have been exposed to a large number of different cultures , and particularly the second generation of turks are prisms of their upbringing . 
  in the highly multi-cultural neighborhood i live in now , there is no trust . 
  kids down to 4 or 5 look at very white me like they 're daring me to treat them disrespectfully . 
  like they * want * me to . 
  no 5 year old has the life experience to breed that sort of distrust . 
  it 's pumped into them by the parents from day one . 
  my grandfather who lived to enjoy a pea he picked out of the cobblestones in the streets like it was a piece of candy back in world war 2 would fly into a rage at any disrespect toward the turkish . 
  `` they worked their nuts off to build that house you live in '' , he said . 
  that 's the 5-year-old 's dad . 
  he worked is nuts off and where is he ? 
  he 's not home . 
  this could have been it but it 's not . 
  he 's an alien . 
  you think he 'd pump his kid 's head full of that distrust for shits and giggles ? 
  that 'd just make the child 's life more difficult . 
  he does it because he got fucked here , and his understandable bitter attitude he transfers to his offspring believing they need it , so they are n't used like he was . 
  parts of the netherlands are n't ** a ** society , they are multiple . 
  in southern rotterdam there are communities of 80 % + muslims . 
  they are safe and comfortable and as whitey i am greeted with smiles . 
  where i live now , it 's a rainbow of cultures , and everybody distrusts everybody . 
  i want the kid to be dutch . 
  i want the moroccans to be dutch . 
  to achieve this we need to eradicate any reason for distrust , which is a monstrous task . 
  we do n't have a mold . 
  something we can push immigrants into and have them come out feeling safe and comfortable and at home . 
  they should retain their color , but not their shape . 
  our country has a responsibility to form them , and not have them tumble into one of the alternate societies ' molds that turns them into something incompatible with the rest of the nation , leading to more distrust . 
  with political extremism prevailing as it does today , none of this is in the mind of most people screaming `` yeah fewer moroccans '' . 
  they see the crime , the unemployment amongst young moroccans , and just want less of * that * . 
  wilders preys on that , like any other politician preys on the uninformed . 
  give me a second while i try to make that knowledge help me feel better . 
  it is n't working !, 
  maybe it 's because the shite that comes out of his gob could in near enough all cases be replaced with literal shite and i doubt it 'd make a difference . 
  i understand the specific banning , but surely such a therapy would be banned by non-specific laws in other countries ? 
  i 'm from west of netherlands . 
  north seaism is a thing . 
  fuck you . 
  are you getting all offended and shit ? 
  can you just flat out not be bothered arguing with your peers ? 
  to deal with attacks against your cause or being in a manner befitting an adult ? 
  * plop an - ism behind it !, 
  * any concern instantly becomes valid when you insert - ism , and you do n't even need proper reasoning , or to establish the validity of your perceived hardships !, 
  stop downvoting me !, 
  what they believed hardly supports what most of / r/europe believes so i doubt many tears will be shed . 
  remember , it 's not about principles , it 's about whether or not yours are winning . 
  in this country ? 
  you messed something up . 
  it probably involves `` responsibility '' , which amusingly is what someone who suggests we leave the environment for `` the future '' is missing . 
   leave worrying about consuming vitamins and calories to the future me who has more money , let 's make life easy in the meantime . 
  wo n't be a future , gobshite . 
  people who go to school and learn end up realizing what a shithole they 're in . 
  best keep them stupid and scared . 
  [ and throws himself off a bridge ] ( https://youtu.be/wbkaxe0i7gq?t=19s ), 
  come to the netherlands !, 
  we do n't get snow either . 
  and if we do , it stops being snow and starts being a blubbery gray puddle of wet shit within an hour . 
  it then does n't get warm enough to melt the stuff for two or three weeks and you spend the entire time living on a fucking glacier . 
  snow sucks . 
   when left unchecked , mansplaining can contribute to men earning more than women , and being promoted faster this ... this is n't real , right ? 
  tell me this is n't real . 
   a study by the american psychological association found that men `` tend to overestimate their intelligence to a much greater extent than women '' \\* * clicks source ** just kidding there is n't one . 
   the hotline will advise upset and frustrated callers on what action they should take next , and aims to help them move on . 
  you put a voice-mail on there , and tell them to not be such absolute pansies . 
  to stand up for themselves . 
  grow some fucking testicles . 
  it 's what the advice to everyone , man and woman who has ever been talked down to has been for a couple hundred thousand years . 
   `` mansplaining can be interpreted as a reaction to the fact that traditional gender roles are being renegotiated . 
  you mean being condescending ? 
  do i literally need to explain condescension to someone that has `` expert '' in his title ? 
   women are exposed to enough mansplaining for it to be a problem that needs to be highlighted , discussed and solved . 
  kill me . 
  they should come to the netherlands . 
  we 'll give them dutch lessons * pronto * . 
  right after they find a house . 
  which we refuse to give them because they do n't have work . 
  which they ca n't get because they do n't have proper documentation . 
  which they ca n't get because they ca n't speak dutch . 
  ca n't give these people the moronic idea that we are n't just waiting for a hole to dump them in . 
  i really despise these out-of-context statistics . 
  they get thrown around by people who think they mean anything , and then i have to uphill-battle their head-in-sand mode , eventually giving up and becoming a little more depressed . 
  ha-ha . 
  erdo\u011fan quote :  `` turkey , which has been one of the staunchest advocates of the u.n. and the values it represents since the organization came into being , has assumed very critical roles on issues of vital importance such as the maintenance of global peace and security , mediation , development , humanitarian aid , environment , the alliance of civilizations and the like , '' i 'm not appealing to hypocrisy . 
  i 'm thinking that we should probably accept that the vilest of two-faced shits on earth is likely right when he calls something two-faced . 
  that downvoted below threshold comment at the bottom is a fairly informative bit of semi-yelling and a great argument against downvotes . 
  maybe i 'm a moron but i learned things . 
  you know sometimes you see these people who put '' / s '' behind their post and you think `` mate , you ruined the joke by assuming we 're all mongoloids who do n't understand sarcasm '' . 
  then you meet this guy . 
  no `` white person '' map . 
  racist fucks . 
  for those unfamiliar with crying in dutch , it 's the same as normal crying but you eat a couple thousand calories worth of stroopwafels while you do it .
