  good luck in your mission though . 
  gtfo racist, 
  can you point me to one post of a turkish redditor that claims that all kurds are pkk ? 
  and yes all pkk members are terrorists , i think we can agree on that . 
  the turkish sub is largely filled with secularists and nationalists . 
  wtf , dont listen to this guy . 
  he 's on a mission . 
   maybe if turkey started caring about the armenian genocide nvm , lets keep it the way it is . 
  there are a lot of turks from abroad in the sub with no so good turkish skills . 
  it was discussed a few times before but it was agreed that the sub would be bilingual . 
  oh , i dont speak for the government . 
  they should save that money and build schools with it instead of wasting it on lobbying efforts that will lead to nothing . 
  we dont care and you know it too . 
  its nothing that bothers us really except for some turks online who like to battle armenians and greeks once a year . 
  fair enough . 
  but dont expect turks to trust anything coming out of the archives/historians of greece/armenia then too . 
  it goes both ways . 
   the ** only ** thing they do is denying genocides , thats what the institute is all about denying genocides . 
  thank you for your clarification . 
  sorry but while that thread is a bit cringy , i dont see any sign of brigading . 
  and i also dont see how this is relevant to r/europe or how a sub of 14.000 can manipulate a sub of 1.4 million with an anti turkish bias . 
  i 've been around long enough to know that positive news about turkey dont make it past the new page in here , worldnews or somewhere else . 
  because the only thing they do is denying genocides , thats what the institute is all about denying genocides . 
  thank you for your clarification . 
  thought it said atat\u00fcrk from the thumbnail , needless to say i 'm disappointed . 
  honestly , the small countries that joined lately , which major nato country is willing to fight a war for them ? 
  let 's go eat some souvlaki , i 'll tell you my plans for greece later . 
  ella re . 
  you take that back now or i will call you nazi . 
  d\u00f6ners of europe . 
  sumak seasoned onion . . hnnngg, 
  if you get your baklava in the same place you eat your d\u00f6ner sandwich , you 're probably only getting supermarket quality baklava , not the good one . 
  you should go to a turkish bakery once, 
  in that case i shall name myself ioannis . 
  if you turkey turns into a sharia shit hole i will take greek citizenship and call myself patros . 
  you 're wrong and you also have no idea about turkey or erdo\u011fan . 
  probably just reading headlines and the news on reddit . 
  that would rustle a lot of jimmies . 
  a lot of hippocrisy on r/europe . 
  compare this to cyprus or crimea . 
  `` the ukrainians refused to hand over peacefully , how is that our fault ? '', 
  - russia , on the annexiation of crimea, 
  ibrahim tatlises begs to differ . 
  yeah , but the referendum is over so expect softer tones now and diplomatic kamikaze around 2019 again . 
  same . 
  explain turkey and really please . 
  what does it refer to ? 
  only this leader is sitting in jail , for being the leader and founder of the pkk . 
  how would you react if that group was wearing patches of bagdadi , but not called isis but somehow in the same organization as them ? 
  not most but many . 
  but still a referendum stands no chance . 
  dont need the turkish government to tell me that a group that is building statues of a convicted terrorist leader , wearing patches of his face , alligned and part of the same organization as the pkk is crooked . 
  sweden is full of pkk supporters . 
  norway it is ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you had a secular , stable and democratic turkey ( at least better than the turkey we have today ) in the past . 
  the turkish opposition in germany is not organized . 
  there is no single group or something . 
  its also not funded and state supported like uetd . 
  they mail everyone who 's a turk with akp letters in favor of the referendum , offer free bus rides to polling stations . 
  not really any relevance . 
  this is more about educated/uneducated , rural/city population . 
  stop trying to make this happen . 
  i live in germany man , there are more comars here than in turkey . 
  also usa seems like a bad choice coming from europe and especially germany ( sorry ) . 
  i live in comar country , amk . 
  i need to move somewhere else once i have finished my degree . 
  this , it was not exactly a fair and equal campaign . 
  please eu take save the feminist kurds and take them to europe . 
  yes , you might as well add tabriz in iran or half a dozen more central asiatic cities . 
  it would probably not even make the top 30 . 
  are you sure ? 
  there are ca . 
  250.000-300 .000 turks in berlin and according to official data that would make it the 23 . biggest turkish city . 
  parents : mercedes e-klasse me : 2007 renault clio, 
  freedom  money for me, 
  one of our problems is that the opposition is weak , the leader of the main opposition party which is the republican chp is a joke . 
  there is no dynamic in the party more or less the same old fucks imo . 
  the chp is secular and the reforms that led to our booming economy , not directly but kemal dervis was brought in when shit hit the fan . 
  the akp did a lot good and is still doing okay when it comes to economy , but they also had the of being in the right place at the right time . 
  when it comes to religious/social issues the chp changed its not as tough on religion as it used to be . 
  secularism would be maintained no matter what , the chp changed and sees that there is nothing wrong with letting headscarf wearing people into universities for example but on the other hand there is no reason for religious classes in schools . 
  the chp would reset a few reforms the akp did that were not of a secular nature . 
  the akp is already washing away the secular nature of my country , the borders between the state and religion have been away slowly but clearly fading away in the last decade . 
  but some things will never change and they know that , they tried to abolish abortions and backpedaled . 
  they banned the celebrations yesterday in ankara and nevertheless the people celebrated stormed police barricades . 
  millions of people were on the streets yesterday , even more saw policemen kicking and tear gassing people for celebrating the foundation of the republic . 
  erdogan called the thousands of people on the streets of ankara terrorists , can you believe that ? 
  i somehow wish that an economic crisis will hit turkey , because i believe that uneducated dumbfucks will vote anything as long as they have more money in the pocket at the end of the day . 
  but who knows , maybe yesterday was the day that opened the eyes of even the last idiot . 
  then on the other hand there is no real alternative , because all opposition parties suck . 
  no , its not that simple . 
  they banned the republic day celebrations and pepper sprayed innocent among them the politicians of the main opposition party . 
  needless to say that we celebrated nevertheless . 
  do n't know about them , but a lot of former soviet countries are , the only secular muslim countries are either of turkic origin or former soviet countries . 
  syria was secular too btw . 
  i 'd say that azerbaijan is the most secular muslim country . 
  anyway secularism has been watered down in turkey , its not like its used to be . 
  judges , generals , all important positions have been replaced by pro-akp people . 
  no thats not true . 
  eu-citizens are allowed to have multiple citizenships .
