  that 's not a solution . 
  your politics are destabilizing a region and neighboring countries . 
  what about those that stay home ? 
  you need to tackle this issue sooner or later . 
  until recently we did n't have any problems with them . 
  i mean their aim was to go to iraq and syria do you better stay low key . 
  when will europe finally stop their jihadis from travelling to syria ? 
  all you do is complain about tranist countries but are you tackling your problems at home ? 
  show their place . 
  where is that ? 
  let the refugees pass . 
  who gives a shit , close the borders that wo n't stop them . 
  turkey has no incentives to stop them . 
  why should we ? 
  what could the eu possibly to do to convince us ? 
  open new chapters ? 
  pff turkish citizens are not even allowed to travel without visa in to the eu . 
  why should turkey as a country feel the need to do something for an organization that has been in the eyes of the turkish public constantly humiliating it ? 
  yeah my opinion too . 
  we have more than enough of them . 
  we have way to many jobless citizens already . 
  come on he 's jailing turkish journalists and soon professors too . 
  so they like turkey more now ? 
  wonder why that is . 
  they are not allowed to show footage of the area , reporting is allowed . 
  if you 're looking for beauty go somewhere else , if you 're looking for the atmosphere you should come to cologn . . well nevermind i guess we 're rapists and hooligans now . 
  you take that back . 
  i was going to say inb4 turkey eu comments but i guess i 'm to late . 
  i was kinda expecting this as the top comment . 
  they have a party for that , the akp and hdp . 
  to be fair dictator tayyip is not treating any opposition as equals . 
  as i said the government should evacuate such areas the next time , if the pkk insists on taking civilians deaths into account . 
  lets see if the pkk will stop them from fleeing like isis does . 
  if civilians have been killed the responsible people should be punished , but you 're forgetting the civilians killed by the pkk and that the pkk is deliberatley taking those into account because they are fighting where people live , right ? 
  people have been told to stay inside or leave in order to avoid harm to civilians . 
  maybe they should evacuate the whole area next time , thats how israel is doing it . 
  china has union pay and its been a success so far . 
  why are these people not complaining that the pkk is taking their fight to the cities ? 
  they are burning publics institutions like schools , etc but no its the turkish government that is to blame for the fire fights in the cities . 
  also turkey is not cracking down on kurds , its the pkk and its youth organization . 
  other kurdish regions have no curfews on them . 
  h\u00fcrriyet and do\u011fan media are the last hope of the turkish people . 
  erdo\u011fan tried numerous times with a 600 million dollar tax fine and boycott calls to bring do\u011fan down but he 's still standing . 
  the suicide bomber in suru\u00e7 and one of them in ankara ( 130 killed in total ) turned out to be brothers of kurdish ethnicity . 
  my point is do n't always look at things from a racial point of view . 
  i dont know about that definition but if you stop all but one ethnicity from returning to there homes it comes pretty close to ethnic cleansing . 
  i mean they are not killing them necessarily but i think you get my point . 
  erdogan wants a unified syria without assad . 
  probably under sunni leadership . 
  the turkish government has no interest in the destruction of kurds as you claim . 
  turkey has armed and financed peshemerga fighters in the past ( those guys are kurds too ) , but the ypg in syria is a different story . 
  turkey sees the ypg as a pkk assosciate and thus is a terrorist organization for turkey . 
  ypg has been doing ethnic cleansing in the regions it has conquered due to us bombing ( as reported by human rights watch ) . 
  turkey has no interest in a syria broken into pieces , thus does not support the separatis movement ypg , nor assad . 
  turkey has declared a humanitarian coridor and is bombing every organization that is trying to move in there . 
  a few weeks ago the ypg tried and was bombed . 
  what turkey did is armed any opposition to assad , as many other countries did . 
  among them isis , al-nusra and whatever else is fighting there . 
  american weapons have landed in the wrong hands too , but its only turkey that is supporting isis . 
  another factor is our huge border with syria and iraqthat was and partially still is not really controlled . 
  that is also the reason why the pkk could always enter and escape , same tactics for isis . 
  its huge and mountainous but turkey is working on it . 
  now the government ignored isis for a long time if you ask me but in the last months turkey is : bombing , jailing and raiding isis and its network in turkey . 
  pro isis newspapers have been shutdown too . 
  there is a reason why isis suicide bombed ankara ( 100 death ) , suruc ( 30 ) and reyhanli ( 50 ) . 
  clearly you wouldnt bomb a country that is aiding you , right ? 
  you should also read the comments in the thread this was posted . 
  different views of where both countries space ends plus greek incursions . 
  plus they are usually not armed , not even comparable . 
  yeah sure . 
  my point is this happens between greece and turkey . 
  it 's nothing special . 
  however there is a war at the other side of the border in the east and syria has shot down a turkish jet before . 
  russia has violated the turkish airspace numerous times . 
  and was warned plenty of time . 
  this post is implying something along the lines of greece is not shooting down turkish planes , even though turkey violates it 's airspace . 
  i 'm saying this is something entirely different . 
  ha , turkey and perfect . 
  we 're doing wrong permanently . 
  so what is it you 're trying to say ? 
  my statement still stands , they do it , we do it . 
  i dont get the point of the graphic . 
  how about you show the same for turkish violation of russian airspace ? 
  thats simply not true , pyd terrorists have been treated in turkish hospitals too . 
  the hospitals are helping all injured , no matter where they come from . 
  lets not forget that greece is doing the same . 
  the numbers of violations has dropped significantly since the crisis in greece , but greece is still doing it . 
  sure russia wants stability . 
  and russia and the united states are in for stability ? 
  sure that 's why turkey is bombing , arresting them and they are suicide bombing turks like in ankara or suru\u00e7 . 
  what a stupid thing to say . 
  you 're from finland , wtf . 
  you get some alcohol related jokes here and then but then there 's a shit ton of positive news about your country . 
  you 're nowhere close to the shit southern countries get . 
  remove eesti , introduce latinas ? 
  and this place is heavenly compared to r/worldnews but yeah it 's bad . 
  erdo\u011fan this , kurds that , random genocide mentions here and on top some kebab . 
  trying wearing the turkish flag for a few days . 
  can we build a wall ? 
  that bit of luxury wo n't kill anybody .
