oh shit , you 're right . 
  taken sounds like someone stole it , when armenia actually lost in a war after occupying turkish lands for a short time . 
  mixed , some agree with the statement and some do n't . 
  restore armenian lands , are you really that delusional ? 
  same situation as in germany . 
  his justification was that the opposition would take the law to court anyway so it does not really matter whether he signs it or not and then signed it . 
  he put his signature under a law that would allow banning websites and then acts suprised when shortly after it was passed a website is banned . 
  thats not how slapping one into place works . 
  turkish businessmen have to apply for visa while eu businessmen do n't have to while doing business in turkey . 
  how is that fair ? 
  you 're doubting his highly suspicious sourceless arguments ? 
  let 's downvote him r/europe . 
  most german-turks give their turkish citizenships away once they are 21 ( they have to decide until then ) . 
  your last statement is bullshit . 
  they refuse to integrate in the society ? 
  all i 'm seeing is turks everywhere . 
  politics , businesses , media . 
  do you know how many jobs turks have created in germany ? 
  how many businesses are run by turks in germany ? 
  http://www.todayszaman.com/news-333247-new-german-govt-to-allow-more-dual-citizens.html turkey is not european , i dont give a shit but i dont think thats a valid argument either because unlike cyprus which is geographically speaking not european at all , 3 % of turkeys land mass is european . 
  for the power part , thats understandable . 
  but its not like italy has something to say in the eu nowadays . 
  needless to say that my experience with azeris is different . 
  and armenia did nothing wrong , am i right ? 
  the hypocrisy in this subreddit is strong . 
  or they could give back the lands they are occupying and end this ? 
  i want that to but as long as there are no kids involved i want her to work as i do . 
  nothing to see here police in istanbul are firing tear gas canisters in the faces of turks too . 
  does that justify a war and the displacement of azeris that lived there ? 
  for the country : occupying karabakh , that 's not okay . 
  for the people : i have only met turkish-armenians in my life and they have all been nice people . 
  indeed . 
  we now share the same rating with countries as spain or costa rica . 
  and no disprect spaniards , but for obvious reasons they are bullshit . 
  in fact more turks are leaving germany , then entering for a few years now . 
  i know that feel bro . 
  thats you opinion , dozens of countries in the world beg to differ . 
  not necessarily focused on that one topic but its a topic that has been raised by the spd and gr\u00fcne from time to time . 
  maybe in order to get the turkish immigrants votes ( even though they have them anyway ) . 
  born and raised in germany . 
  i explained this here earlier . 
  there are basically no turks in / r/europe , that 's why i 'm trying to show the turkish side from time to time . 
  why ? 
  i 'm turkish and german . 
  i have the german citizenship but i 'm not allowed to get the turkish one , you 're missing the point here . 
  i dont understand what you 're trying to say . 
  eu-citizens are allowed to have multiple citizenships , non-eu member `` foreigners '' are not . 
  and all i 'm asking for is dual-citizenship , not eu-membership . 
  you started your first comment with `` why is it always the turks that make a fuss about everything ? '', 
  the next time you might choose your words more wisely . 
  i dont blame anyone i 'm just pissed-off because so far in this thread there have been so many ignorant posts like : all turks are whiny bastards and more and as usual these post are getting upvoted . 
  one should ask those people that were responsible why they decided to put all those turks together in commie-blocks like these http://www.bilderbuch-koeln.de/bilder/k%c3%b6ln_chorweiler_city_center_gyrocopter_luftbild_08ea301501_978x1304xin.jpeg . 
  far away from the city-center with no connection to the innercities . 
  first of all i still think that your criminality argument is still a nice way to say that there are many criminal turks and they should n't get the german citizenship . 
  second : i believe that such an agreement can be made . 
  third : the turkish government is fucking nuts when it comes to religion , but what you 're doing is something else you 're trying to mix completley unrelated topic with each other . 
  yes absolutley . 
  and you decided that they are all whiny bastards . 
  thats all i need to know . 
  thats why i said that german could reach an agreement with turkey before they allow dual-citizenship . 
  also the guy you 're talking about it took a while ( almost a year ) but in the end the police in turkey was looking for him , in the end he turned himself in , before the police could catch him . 
  and for the second part : what i meant was basically that the voice of 3.5 m + turks is louder than the voice of x thousand of another immigrant group . 
  which is understandable . 
  and if they get caught with it germany erases their citizenship . 
  well in that case you can come to an agreement with the turkish authorities , that both countries will extradite criminals . 
  case closed . 
  i live in cologne and we have 100k turks here . 
  we turks are the largest immigrant group in germany , surely our voice is louder then those of vietnamese . 
  we will get dual-citizenship once the spd will rule again , it 's just a matter of time . 
  but what i still dont understand is ( disregarding your weak criminals-argument ) what is wrong with it ? 
  it does not hurt you , it does no damage to germany or the german society . 
  a lot of turks i know do n't take the german citizenship because they do n't want to loose the turkish one . 
  dual-citizenship could also be a gateway to all those educated-turks that are leaving the country for turkey ( and many of them end-up abonding the german citizenship because they are not allowed to have two ) . 
  every single time i reply to something in / r/europe there 's usually someone like you who is full with stereotypes . 
  and i will ignore the fact that you have called turks bastards for a second just to let you know that i highly doubt that you know any turks . 
  what 's so wrong about it ? 
  because i 'm both german and turkish . 
  i want both . 
  i dont really understand the fuss . 
  its fine with eu-citizens and many more but boohooo not for those damn turks . 
  what is so wrong about having to citizenships ? 
  and how are we turks making a fuss about everything ? 
  you might read the wrong `` newspapers '' . 
  allegedly there is allready such a thing . 
  i have the german passport but i want my turkish passport too , whats so fucking wrong with that ? 
  please tell us more . 
  / r/europe loves stereotypes . 
  i want the same rights as people from other countries get ( eu members ) , i want my dual-citizenship . 
  not true anymore . 
  once there is stability , investments will flow . 
  companies might first start shifting production from the western regions to the east . 
  then there is a lot if potential for tourism , with so many historical sites . 
  but no one will invest as long as they have to fear terrorism . 
  the future looks bright , if we get stability . 
  do n't think that defence expenditure will decrease , because we live in a fucked upon region and all that expensive stuff was n't for the pkk anyway . 
  first of all because there is skilled labour , etc in turkey too . 
  its not like the country did n't move on . 
  and second as the article states people are going back to turkey , but only the educated turks . 
  the jobless and uneducated people stay . 
  cheap labour , doing the jobs the germans did not want to do .
