  you need to inform yourself , because basically everything you said is wrong . 
  start with the wikipedia article . 
  the population exchange was sad but mutually agreed up on and was actually suggested by the league of nations ( later united nations ) . 
  disguting nationalist my ass . 
  one of the greatest human beings of the last century , thats what he is . 
  ignoring the trees in the bottom of the picture it looks very grey and boring . 
  plant some trees on that street . 
  so ( probably ) all that fuzz for nothing ? 
  do you have a threshold ? 
  will they even get into the parliament ? 
  how much did the turkish party get that had so much drama around it ? 
  how 's that relevant to the topic ? 
  had someone comparing turkish secularism with syria and egypt yesterday . 
  then end the accession talks once and for all . 
  and yet there are many bulgarians in turkey . 
  i dont know everything but i consider myself very well informed with my whole family in turkey being anti-akp and spending shitloads of time on the internet . 
  most of the things i say can be backed up too if you want . 
  doppelte staatsb\u00fcrgerschaft used to be forbidden for turkish citizens , it was allowed for eu member countries . 
  so a lot of turks used to have something called pink passport from turkey . 
  some got caught and have been stripped of the german citizenship . 
  now dual citizenship is allowed but only for people born in 90 and younger . 
  a lot of people in germany did and they lost their german citizenship because of it . 
  no , in germany . 
  the akpians are organized and well funded , probably with turkish tax payer money . 
  they brought busses from the netherlands to demonstrations in cologne for example and they barely got 20.000 people . 
  the bus rides are free . 
  with here i meant on reddit . 
  not a lot sultan lovers here . 
  we dont rally have turks here in favor of erdogan and those we have usually i only see in / r/turkey but they are downvoted there too . 
  i 'm usually combating the anti-turkey circlejerk in here because for many people erdoga = the whole fucking country . 
  people keep forgeting that there 's more to the country than just him and his subjects . 
  born , grown up and living in germany . 
  parents of turkish origin . 
  here to combat the circlejerk . 
  sounds like a akpian thing to do . 
  i 'm from germany :d you should ask in / r/turkey but i believe that most users in the sub are against people from outside voting ( so do i ) but then again turkish redditors are not really very representative of the avergage turk . 
  i dont think the turks will make much of a difference tbh . 
  they are doing the same in germany . 
  organizing buses and such , but only for their voters . 
  but you can not prevent your citizens from voting just because you suspect that erdogan bought them . 
  i have no hard feelings against bulgarians , sorry if it came across differently . 
  its the responses in here that made me angry . 
  people that do not live in a country , like i dont know 30 % of the year , should not be allowed to vote in their home countries . 
  but change the law then . 
  but you said :  i kind of agree with not letting them vote but that 's just me and i 'm not very well versed on the whole situation and thats why i replied in first place and now you say :  i 'm simply saying that if a country gives a person a passport , i do n't believe it 's right that they do n't want to give them the same rights as anyone else with the same passport . 
  i was under the impression that the citizenship means that you 're not a foreigner no more . 
  and what makes you think that those people in turkey have dual citizenship ? 
  plus i 'm pretty sure that dual citizenship is allowed for eu member countries . 
  low effort comeback , genocide , evil west hmm 3/10 . 
  if it was up to me turks in europe would not be allowed to vote . 
  i 'm also against people meddling in the politics of other countries . 
  but did you take a look at the stupid comments in here ? 
  if you did you might understand my reaction . 
  nikolaz are you dense or what ? 
  i dont know how you run things in your corner of denmark but in civilized europe elections are free and the terms are the same for everyone else . 
  thats how elections work , thats what makes democracy . 
  for the same reason millions of romanians ( bogdan sounds romanian ) , bulgarians and many more live and work in turkey or western europe . 
  for the same reason why a lot of poles work in germany or england . 
  maybe they would consider returning if they were given back their belongings or at least were compensated . 
  seems like you 're brainwashed into thinking that people are brainwashed . 
  why would the bulgarians in turkey vote anti-turkish , because otherwise they would have to leave their great country ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  same story for the turkish elections . 
  millions of people all over the world are allowed to vote and have been living somewhere else for centuries maybe have been born there . 
  wtf . 
  they have not left it behind they were purged , they were forced to leave . 
  250-300 .000 people had to leave their lands , houses , properties . 
  we 're usually accused of genociding not purging . 
  but two wrongs dont make a right . 
  you 're not the authority to decide that . 
  there are countries where non-resident citizens are not allowed to vote , apparently bulgaria is not one of them . 
  tell that to your government and while you 're at it , tell them to compensate the properties and businesses the 250.000 to 300.000 turks had to leave behind in bulgaria because of the purge , you might as well call it ethnic cleansing . 
  even if you think that people that were forced to leave their homes in the 90s are allowed to vote in the country , they are from is stupid doesnt mean you can block them from a ) entering their country or b ) stop them from making use of their rights , which in this case means voting . 
  poor europeans will become vassal states because their minorities are allowed to vote free . 
  please read something about the purge of turks ( who 've been living in those areas for centuries ) out of bulgaria in the late 80s and early 90s . 
  i could tell you something about a lot of bulgarians living here in germany . 
  if the bulgarian law allows non-residents to vote , then its their right to vote . 
  because life 's better , pay checks are bigger ? 
  why do a lot of poles live in gb and turks do in germany ? 
  these people have been in bulgaria from the beginning they are no immigrants or something . 
  they are part of their country . 
  you 're comparing apples and oranges . 
  250.000 bulgarian-turks had to flee the country during forced assimilation in the 90s : http://www.nytimes.com/1989/08/15/world/flow-of-turks-leaving-bulgaria-swells-to-hundreds-of-thousands.html?pagewanted=all its their right to vote and they are bulgarian nationals . 
  no one said that it was racism . 
  yeah . . you know what i 'm kinda busy arguing with a swiss guy right now , maybe later ? 
  i 'll call you . 
  just make sure your hands stay above my waist . 
  i would be glad if he was . 
  pfft . 
  1923 best year of my life . 
  we will only accept 1453 , no more , no less ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you will or we will send you 1945 refugees per day . 
  another negative headline for turkey . 
  to the frontpage !, 
  turkish minorities are not silent , were never silent . 
  we were on the streets when erdogans police beat and killed peacefull protesters in 2013 and we 're not silent now . 
  however reporting on erdogan sells more newspapers . 
  also you 're from slovakia , what would you know about muslim or turkish minorities ? 
  those bad ratings do not seem to affect turkey 's ability to lend money , at least not so far . 
  thats probably the point of it : religious people will love voting in a mosque where they are told to vote for erdogan anyway . 
  shows you once again how fair the referendum will be .
