  our conservative people will always remember their leaders as perfect and ignore all the corruption etc , we had erdogans before . 
  seems like you have it all figured out . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  we want that money back in a few years when erdogan is history , no bamboozle . 
  frankly i dont give a shit about the eu or turkey joining the eu , but that argument is a weak one . 
  you missed the point . 
  weak argument bro , since cyprus is 100 % outside europe . 
  ella re, 
  when that day comes , i will rename myself ioanis . 
  you will enjoy poland then . 
  a lot of people with the same mindset as you . 
  you know education plays a bigger factor there , than lets say where the parents came from . 
  but they are culturally european and turkey is not 11 !, 
  thanks , but op claimed that they could lose their membership . 
  agree very easy for nato too , since austria is not even in nato to begin with . 
  i dont know what you 're implying . 
  it wasnt meant disrespectful or something . 
  as you may know turkey had a few here and there too , so we know the pain very well . 
  wait you 're right there was that guard that was beheaded and that attack with the car . 
  i thought that was only proposed , can you provide a source for that ? 
  pretty sure you cant force a country to take refugees . 
  ~ ~ first terror attack in uk since 2005 i believe , but ~ ~ no one is forced to take refugees . 
  edit : sorry guys i dont know what my brain was thinking . 
  i 'm just messing with you , i was referencing south park . 
  do n't push me . 
  those problems are at least partially there for a reason and no its not always the fault of turkey : - nato supporting a group that turkey regards as a terrorist group ( ypg ) : is a legit reason to be upset from the turkish pov - at odds with germany because of the officers that germany does not extradite , same for greece : one could argue one way or another , but erdogan wants those officers , whether they are guilty or not . 
  erdogan does not play fair and germany should know better by now . 
  however turkey does not interfere in the mission , that btw is not a nato mission . 
  defending western values with rockets and bombs . 
  strange idea . 
  because you 're not focusing on the objective of an alliance , instead you focus on temporary governments . 
  alliances are long-term , governments short-term . 
  you are so shortsighted . 
  good for the alliance , unlike as i said basically defenseless countries like the baltics . 
  the question is how do you decide which countries to kick out and how fast ? 
  for example what about hungary ? 
  you know the nato is not like the eu where you can go and leave as you please ( please excuse the brexit jab ) . 
  dont make me do it . 
  1,14 % of your gdp , i just looked it up thats 3 billion $ p.a. 
  which is i guess not bad compared to the other smaller countries and you have a airforce too unlike all those baltic countries . 
  but 1,14 % is still less then crisis hit portugal . 
  it makes sense , because non-democratic countries have been part of nato in the past , thats why i said dont be hyprocritical . 
  now that i 'm aware that you didnt know that i explained myself . 
  now if you want a lala-peace-democracy defensive alliance , go ahead and convince your leaders to found one , i 'm sure you will attract a lot of interested countries . 
  dont make me say it . 
  and with we , you mean the countries that have sizeable navys . 
  good luck , military powerhouse denmark . 
  sorry , i need to correct myself . 
  since you have no knowledge about nato 's history , it wasnt hypocrisy . 
  of course it should continue , as it did in the past when other countries were far from democracy . 
  dont be hypocritical . 
  also i doubt that turkey could ever be kicked out of the alliance , as much as you people like to complain . 
  pretty sure nato would rather kick a dozen irrelevant countries , before it does kick turkey . 
  turkey clearly stated that it would shoot down anything that crosses the border , after syria shot down a turkish plane . 
  nato is no democracy alliance . 
  a lot of people inhere have very romantic views and no idea about the past of the alliance . 
  literally every post of you is about turkey , chill . 
  austria is not in nato to begin with and every country in nato has the right to veto participation of non member countries . 
  what you said is still not accurate , even if ai calls it ethnic cleansing , because your post implied 40k kurds have been killed , when most of those 40k were soldiers and pkk members and then civilians . 
  it sounds way different that way . 
  indeed they are our brothers and sisters . 
  but you act as if 40.000 were killed on purpose like you said ( cleansing ) , while most of them died during the fighting with the pkk , bombings and wrongdoings by the military/government . 
  kurds have been forcefully relocated , but they remained in the same region . 
  no one changed the demographics , the se of turkey is still majority kurdish . 
  where is the cleansing ? 
  and btw i 'm not defending the government , just pointing out the stupidity of your statement . 
  slaughtered ? 
  really ? 
  all of the victims were kurds and the pkk had a no wrong doing in that right ? 
  when you 've been in that business for long enough you will fall in love with german cars . 
  cant help it . 
  and after we finished the wall around syria and iraq we will start building one around fenerbah\u00e7e . 
  hdi will skyrocket . 
  we should have a bot for that . 
  that is not very accurate . 
  no european vendors yet , but its in development whether they will produce in europe or elsewhere i cant tell but they will . 
  i 'm curious to see when that gigafactory will be able to manufacture at full capacity . 
  the company calls it benchmarking . 
  we 're regularly checking out cars that are not using our products and check who 's supplying them instead , what they exactly they are using and also how good it is compared to what we offer . 
  there are plenty of german companies working on battery technology including bosch . 
  the german companies are maybe a bit slower and dont have the hype on their side , but they are working on it for years now . 
  you sound like a tesla-pr guy . 
  we had a tesla model x at work and had our engineers completley disassemble it and the they were not very fond of it either . 
  but it sure is fun driving an electric car . 
  that guy is in everything that has something to do with turkey spewing hatred . 
  ca n't stand the tesla hype on reddit , sure nice cars and pioneering , but watch daimler beat the living shit out of them in a couple of years . 
  you are aware that r/europe is not a eu sub but a europe sub ? 
  democracy goes down the shitter and the only thing you think about is secularism . 
  secularism is worth shit without democracy . 
  all the things you named are already old news and no one gives a shit about the eu in turkey . 
  are you dense or what ? 
  i was talking about the sub and i 'm sure as fuck that the parliament speaker is not part of / r/turkey and to adress your post : we have morons who would love to get rid of secularism but the turkish public is strongly supporting secularism even after all those years of erdogan . 
  they speak turkish , but not as good as someone from turkey , live in australia , us or somewhere else and never really learned how to write turkish . 
  its not so easy tbh, 
  fun fact my greek friends are all pontic and from trabzon originally . 
  i as a turk from the agean have more in common with them , than i have with the average villager in central or eastern anatolia . 
  the world is not black and white , we agean turks love our greek neighbours . 
  just wondering are you greek , since your were so active in the pontic thread a few days ago ? 
  i didnt go to turkish schools , still dont agree . 
  anyway i 'm not interested in discussing those topics , since there 's little to gain here .
