  turkey first !, 
  no , they are part of the interest-lobby ( faiz-lobby ) . 
  never been to a turkish school . 
  no one gives a shit about what erdogan says during his campaigns . 
  he will say whatever it takes to get his referendum . 
  instead you 're always making a big fuzz out of it and someone in europe eventually says something against him or turks , which he then again uses to gather votes from his base . 
  its always the same . 
  it would not even reach the frontpage of r/europe . 
  not even counting the tens of thousands illegal armenians in the country . 
  as far as the hivemind in here is concerned only christians died and had to forcefully leave the country . 
  turks/muslims who gives a shit . 
  let them have their circlejerk . 
  there 's just so much propaganda . 
  they have control over the biggest newspapers and tv stations . 
  gatherings against the referendum are dispersed or not allowed . 
  its an uneven fight similar to the last elections that were democratic on paper but not really fair . 
  well the sultan was also the khalif so . . 
  so exactly like turkish tv in general . 
  tell me about it , in k\u00f6ln-vingst i 've seen erdogan and akp banners . 
  can you believe that ? 
  about time that someone did something . 
  there are many different weapons in the world for a reason . 
  each one adapted to the requirements of the customer . 
  maybe france needs heavier tanks , maybe italians need lighter tanks . 
  pretty much the majority of turkey sees the ypg as an extension of pkk . 
  not only erdogan supporters and who can blame them when the ypg is wearing apo patches and running around with apo flags . 
  are you actually going to provide proof that turkey has attacked any western forces in syria or are you going to continue to spread that baseless claim ? 
  please seize any erdogan accounts . 
  why do people always assume that just because a turk does not agree with him he must be a erdogan supporter ? 
  there is no proof of coalition presence on the ground in the arfin . 
  at least not that i 'm aware of . 
  the first link you posted was about tel-rifaat and the second one is about raqqa which is like on the other end of syria . 
  i dont think there is any coalition presence in that part of syria at all . 
  i dont see any proof of french actually being shot at too . 
  even if turkey has said numerous times what its intentions regarding the ypg and manbij are . 
  if french troops are injured during shelling of ypg/sdf positions in that area you cant really claim that you were not warned and did not see it coming . 
  meh , better to keep the borders closed so the people rise up and fight instead of fleeing . 
  i know thats harsh and easier said than done . 
  wont be clean , thats certain . 
  french positions shot at in syria ? 
  source ? 
  we will get our revenge eventually . 
  crap , now i get it . 
  a lot of coast , however no idea how fast and steady the wind is : https://www.statista.com/statistics/421847/wind-power-capacity-in-turkey/, 
  wind power is pretty big , hydro power bigger lots of dams . 
  https://www.statista.com/statistics/421847/wind-power-capacity-in-turkey/ lots of wind power plants in development too . 
  solar not so much . 
  the government is pushing hard for the local development of pv technology , so they are probably waiting for that . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-22/turkey-seeking-renewable-energy-industry-with-make-it-here-rules  it slapped a 50 percent tariff on solar panel imports in july , further discouraging developers from shopping abroad for their equipment . 
  for wind , turkey currently has an incentive program that offers incremental raises in the feed-in tariff if turbine components are made locally . 
  if the entire turbine is made in turkey , the price paid by the government for electricity generated could be as much as 50 percent higher than the standard tariff , according to aranitasi . 
  we 're building a nuclear power plant and are thus getting less reliant on the russians . 
  the russians are financing it too . 
  that was the joke . 
  we are and we make the russians pay for it too . 
  trump would be proud . 
  tbf when todays industrialized countries burned oil and coal back in the day there was no one telling them to stop telling them to stop . 
  i mean its better for the economy too , to burn your coal reserves instead of spending 50 billion dollars every year on russian/iranian gas . 
  but on the other had we 're already pretty good with the renwables . 
  the elon musk of the 13th century . 
  meanwhile turkey is just getting started . 
  has a early republican era vibe on it . 
  do n't expect anything good to come out of turkey as long as tayyip rules or the akp . 
  i bought it and regret it . 
  nutella  whatever that is, 
  if you do n't want to play with me just say it jeeeez, 
  when times ripe we will all be one big family again . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) what 's the turkish equivalent to anschluss ? 
  two on one ? 
  better get the wrestling oil ready ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  exam on monday , let 's reschedule then . 
  call my secretary ? 
  turkish coffee it is then . 
  not the reaction i expected but thanks for the insight , did n't know that . 
  turkish clay , best clay . 
   turkey 5.137 m central europe are you even trying ? 
  lets play a round of tavli over the agean island to solve the issue once and for all , but turkish rules . 
  cay is on me . 
  me , being the cheap ass i am , refused subsidising your other properties and subsidised your pubs instead . 
  lets make the bulgars pay for it ? 
  you 're staying with us . 
  how was he supposed to know that he 's not russian ? 
  you missed the joint bombing campaigns of the russian and turkish airforce in syria , did n't you ? 
  mossadegh nationalized the oil industry that was until then under control of the british , britain no longer in a position to topple governments turned to the americans . 
  that 's how i remember it . 
  sorry but we already have enough planes to annoy our neighbours , as any greek can probably confirm . 
  friendship ended with merkel , now theresa is my best friend . 
  entry fee to the castle is a rip-off though . 
  thats what i used to do but i was told thats sacrilegious . 
  edinburgh is really worth visiting . 
  i still do n't get whiskey but its a beautiful city with a lot of history and some nice pubs . 
  dictatorship yes probably but theocracy ? 
  where do you get that from, 
  always glad to clarific\u0103rii . 
  there is no death penalty in turkey . 
  probably life in prison . 
  he confessed and also his fingerprints match . 
  i smell a peace nobel price in coming . 
  its german for rice . 
  with the help of g\u00fclencis btw,
