  it was suicide . 
  with the exception of hrant dink who was killed not for doing his profession but because of his religion maybe even ethnicity i ca n't recall a single journalist murder case in the last decade . 
  the syrian journalist who was assassinated by the isis is another story . 
  edit : seems like there are some more and my memory sucks, 
  jailed yes , but killed ? 
  come on . 
  that 's still two parties and your independent media does not get seized or have their journalists imprisoned . 
  how democratic can elections be if almost all of the media is pro erdo\u011fan and even state media is giving the opposition parties only minimal opportunities to present themselves ? 
  who told you that ? 
  we turks refuse to call it genocide , we do acknowledge that there were horrible atrocities on both sides . 
  no one is happy , stop spreading lies . 
  because people bring it up randomly without any reason , like it 's a universal argument . 
  it 's highly amusing . 
  you must be american . 
  yeah like in the previous 4 or so suicide attacks . 
  best we can do is konya . 
  we keep the country and you keep your shitty union how about that ? 
  let 's see how it works out , i do understand that measures have to be taken to guarantee the rights of the then turkish minority . 
  however that seems like a dumb way to do that . 
  as we have shown before that wo n't happen , i mean apart from the fact that we wo n't join in first place . 
  the cyprus issue will hopefully solved soon . 
  if you believe that turkey under any leader would let eu members dictate it 's foreign policy i feel sorry for you son . . 
  did n't mean to offend you or your country first of all . 
  europeans like to break their words and promises , i definitely can understand you . 
  but you act like there has been turkish terrorism in europe or like it 's normal for turks to blow themselves up which is not the case . 
  i 'm aware that we have a shit ton of backwards people but those people will not flood the streets of europe , if anything the secular and educated ones will flee . 
  edit : if you 're looking for numbers i do n't have any , but those articles will show you that they are here , with no job and working illegally . 
  is someone who calls for the killing of jews sane ? 
  or any other group ? 
  i mean you can say what you want , you can dislike certain groups or people but the second you want to kill people i guess that makes you jot necessarily insane but is that really an opinion that should be expressed or defended ? 
  wait bulgarians and romanians were not allowed to work in germany even after they joined the eu only years later was that possible and that 's when the immigration of large numbers of them started . 
  i assumed it was because of schengen . 
  i 'd say that the majority of the population is more than free the express their sane opinions . 
  you can say what you as long as you do n't call for violence or say hateful stuff , at least in germany . 
  i 'm talking about the immigration since both countries are part of the schengen area . 
  a lean government is not necessarily something positive . 
  and i do n't see how me being not able to shout heil hitler ( germany ) is taking my freedom away . 
  also a good way to discourage those who travel over the agean . 
  german for , something along the lines of : that makes the dog in the pan go crazy . 
  of course it would hurt turkey after all 50 % of turkish business is with the eu . 
  but treaties and rules are not a one way road and the current ruling is discriminating . 
  i 've read somewhere that the new turkish ids will have a chip with biometric data and so on because apparently that 's a necessity for the visa agreement . 
  i 'm not saying we want to be in schengen but turkish businessman suffer a lot because of the visa regulations . 
  90 days is more then enough for someone to do business , travel or visit his family . 
  but he 's from china and we 're from turkey . 
  if you like to apply the same standards to turkey as for china , then maybe turkey should start asking for visa from europeans too ? 
  afterall we 're a bit closer to the eu and europe , geographically , historically and politically then china will ever be . 
  eastern european countries scared of turks taking their jobs , hilarious . 
  how does that stop illegal immigration ? 
  only turkish citizens could pass to europe and they have to leave after 90 days . 
  if you are afraid of turks staying , please read my comment below . 
  its discriminating nevertheless and needless to say that the streets of germany have been flooded by romanians and bulgarians in the last few years . 
  theres just no one talking about it right now , since there is a different boogeyman right now . 
  that worked out pretty well , letting poorer countries into the union but refusing free visa to a country with a way better minimum wage and economy . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  there is h\u00fcrriyet daily news . 
  but hardly any free media left . 
  one could also say that the usa have allied themselves with an enemy of turkey . 
  see how that goes ? 
  make a buck ? 
  seriously we spend more then 30 billion euro so far for refugees . 
  the families get i believe something close to 500 liras per month . 
  it was certainly not for the money , because if it was , that has to be the worst business idea in the history of the humans . 
  i 'm no expert but turkey has been building some indigenous weapons for quite some time now . 
  but the ukraine used to be the defense industry powerhouse if the soviet union so they should be able to build some half way good shit ? 
  and a successful bus driver too . 
  says who ? 
  sure turkey will be expelled because they didnt take back refugees . 
  how delusional are you ? 
  so you think we took almost 3 million refugees before any nato involvement because we 're part of nato ? 
  so you 're telling me turks burned down \u0130zmir ? 
  dude you have posted that a few times now in this submission alone , its not getting a better argument if you repeat it , neither does it make it true . 
  yeah with kurdish ministers and such . 
  to expensive . 
  is that why greek , armenian and assyrian communities have a comeback ? 
  we tried that before and it ultimately failed because construction sites have been constantly attacked and set on fire by the pkk . 
  armenians , georgians , and a few others ? 
  that 's why we still have so many different ethnicities in turkey , right . 
  come on even the article states that it was at least partially because of inner kurdish violence like the pkk fighting against kurdish clans . 
  the pkk fighting near populated areas is why thousands of people have been displaced . 
  the turkish army 's reckless behaviour back then did n't help . 
  not even the article calls it ethnic cleansing . 
  the region is still largely populated by ethnic kurds . 
  there was no ethnic cleansing in the entire history of the turkish republic . 
  i 'm not even going to take you serious , in your previous comments you claimed that diyarbak\u0131r is occupied by turkish forces , that tells a lot . 
  and yet the eu is asking turkey to open its borders to let another 80.000 fleeing from aleppo in ? 
  first isis is not even an ethnicity . 
  second hrw is reporting that the pyd is doing it . 
  go check it out . 
  third , turkey is not supporting isis . 
  thats simply not true , continue spreading your bs but that wont make it true . 
  and fourth : turkey is fighting isis . 
  turkey joined bombing campaigns and that numerous fire fights witht them at the border . 
  there is a wall being built around syria so there is no escape for isis , but i 'm sure you already knew that . 
  good luck then with a few thousand more displaced arabs because of ethnic cleansing of the areas captured by the pyd . 
  we will make sure that they arrive safely in greece of bulgaria . 
  because of the same treaty some in here want to abolish . 
  the bosphorus is basically a turkish river so no , it 's up to turkey . 
  you do n't seem to understand what a sovereign country is . 
  i dont understand how people could believe anything that comes out of the mouths of russian media or politicians and yet they do on reddit .
