  the religion has been `` reformed '' a few times . 
  while islam stays as it is backward and stubborn . 
  to be clear i think every religion is backward but islam is today still like islam was 1000 years ago . 
  thats a different league of backwardness . 
  in which muslim country with secular tradition did hell break loose ? 
  to answer your question , as a turk i do n't think that full-scale islam is compatible with democracy . 
  you should read a bit more about the movement . 
  their first goal is to look harmless and to quietly `` infect '' every government body , thats not gossip but a fact . 
  then they push for their real goals which is not surprisingly islam and theocracy . 
  interesting . 
  albania better get the rid of the g\u00fcllen movement before its to late . 
  could you please provide some further information on that ? 
  i never knew / taught that turkey had so much influence in albania . 
  i also heard that turkey has a permanent navy base in albania to further piss off the greeks . 
  pro-pkk kurds caused a few riots in the 90s in germany , burned a few cars . 
  it was basically a huge pkk gathering in the middle of europe , what else did you expect . 
  you can tell from who is organizing certain events what it will be all about and what kind of people will be there . 
  i know , but i 'm still checking it from time to time . 
  for turkey [ h\u00fcrriyet daily news ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com ) unbiased imo [ todays zaman ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com ) pro akp , but i use it to get a different opinion, 
  exactly, 
  but thats how it was : asylum seeking people on the one hand and on the other ( like in the case of germany ) hand so called gastarbeiter . 
  look at all those countries where these people come from . 
  many of them came as refugees for different reasons . 
  you obviously have never been to sarajevo . 
  somehow they still like turkey and turks , they cheer when turkish football teams win an important game or the turkish national team qualifies for tournaments . 
  as a turk i see what you did there . . 
  ddr 's national anthem was pretty cool http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtv92wqyjfa, 
  we dont have anything to loose the way i see it . 
  turkish cyprus is still isolated and annexiation could be a way to bypass the isolation . 
  leyla zana deserves to be in jail and she will be . 
  orhan pamuk on the other hand , thats a different story where laws that should have been abolished a long time ago were used . 
  turkish nationalism does not prevent laz , bosniaks , albanians and i could count a few more ethnicities within turkey from self-determination , but the kurds ? 
  turks and kurds habe been living in peace for centuries on these lands and there was never a problem . 
  the real problem is nationalism . 
  those lands are turkish and everyone one is welcome as long as he 's a peacefull individual , enough of this stupid-western give-each-fucking-ethnic-group-a-seperate country thingy . 
  i 'm talking about those kurds that are not willing to live within turkeys border , which is a minority . 
  and cyprus is ? 
  they are free to move to north iraq or stay within our borders like with the exception of a few hundreds all do ( most pkk fighters are ironically syrian kurds ) . 
  could you tell me more about her name fatima ? 
  is this somekind of leftover from the arabs ? 
   while we still need europe we do n't need the eu , privileged partnership sounds good to me give as fair and easy visa for our businessmen and free trade for all goods and we 're good . 
  i had this discussion so many times here on reddit and i dont want to dicuss it again , but i think we made a shitload of progress in the last decade and we 're on a good track . 
  nowadays ? 
  whats wrong with the treatment of the kurdish population ? 
  we do have problems and yes you 're right , we have to solve them but as i said no one is really intrested in joining the eu anymore . 
  who gives a flying fuck about your club ? 
  cyprus was not a member when this problem started and should also be no reason to object our entry . 
  seriously ? 
  because we tried to protect ethnic turks on cyprus initially and afterwards , well politics . 
  the reason why we threat with annexiation is in order to put some fire under the asses of the greek and turkish cypriot leaders . 
  both . 
  i think we 're on a pretty good way , tons of reforms in the last decade but somehow we took one step and took another back with our pm putting journalists in jail and some other un-democratic happenings . 
  then on the other hand , i as an atheist , can say that i 'm as well as a lot of my fellow citizens fully convinced that some people are trying to keep the eu christian and therefore putting barriers in our way . 
  we 're doing good without the eu and even if it would be a delight to see the france-german alliance broken within the eu because of turkeys accession , there is no light in sight . 
  we need the eu , we should push for a as good as possible deal with the eu , like free-tradde agreements and visa without fast and flexible without bureaucracy and maybe even push for participation in some councils . 
  because even if all obstacles are solved cyprus will not be solved and frankly we 're not giving a fuck anymore . 
  basically its just a game about who will tell the other one that it makes no sense to continue and who ever will ( eu or turkey ) will be the one to blame . 
  its sad europe 's missing a freat opportunity and so does turkey . 
  never . 
  no the average turk does not see greece as a threat . 
  for example during this whole bailout-things greece had we turks would always wonder why you spend so much money on defence , because absolutley no one has any intention to invade you , why should we ? 
  actually greece , bulgaria and maybe georgia are the only solid neighbours we have , the other countries are all shitholes and a potential threat . 
  we also have some right-wing guys with dreams about taking back some islands and thrakia back . 
  they probably hate you and maybe the very religious morons , because you 're christian . 
  i for example like greece and greeks . 
  will probably go to rhodos with a few friends soon , including a greco . 
  you should know that from my experience here in germany that whenever turks and greeks meet we 're instantly bros. 
  [ 4 ] just quoting the german wikipedia article , which basically says that enosis was a friend of megali idea . 
  i 'm to lazy to find something in english . 
  turkey signed a lot of crap contracts in the past and i do n't think that you will be leaving any time soon . 
  i also think that austria is unimportant compared to germany when it comes to every country in the world . 
  would that statement make me a nazi ? 
  its the reality , i did n't mean to offend you , but that 's the way it is in my opinion . 
  actually i 'm anti-ottoman , anti-erdogan and pretty much not what you think i am . 
  but unlike you i 'm not going to call you names . 
  i do n't think that people can go from friends to foes and back to friends again . 
  i do not really believe in peace on cyprus and i also think that turks would be threated as second class citizens . 
  there is the british base and apparently soon a israeli too . 
  go and give your soverignity away . 
  why not let . . let 's say another foreign country have a base there too ? 
  dicussing the potential international reaction to countries which decide to recognize the tc is very vague , but i do n't think that the usa would suddenly decide to cut its ties with saudi arabia or the emirates . 
  as much as i hate those countries , if everything fails we will have to push for recognition . 
  terrorist ottoman , i though that you were cool . 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; what difference does it make to turkey , whether we cut the ties during your presidency or not ? 
  do you think we will make any progress on our possible eu membership ? 
  will we improve our ties with the greek cypriots ? 
  we can communicate with whatever country we want but will not do it under the umbrella of the eu . 
  basically we 're loosing nothing , but its a good show . 
  as a matter of fact greek cypriots started to disperse the turks in the souther regions , that was the reason for the whole invasion . 
  i know that no one gives a fuck , but we did the right thing back then . 
  however this whole story could have been ended by know and there are generations growing that are used to have the island splitted , so unfortunatley less and less people will give a fuck . 
  my opinion is that the country should be united as soon as possible , but turkey should be granted a military base on the island , nothing big but just in case when shit hits the fan again . 
  and btw granting israel an airbase on cyprus will make things only worse . 
  i respect the turkish cypriots a lot and i can fully understand that they want their own country to united , i would n't want to be associated with erdogans turkey too if i had the chance . 
  however i also share the opinion that if it takes to long we should annex the northern part or push for recognition among the muslim states first , now that turkey is popular there we have good chances . 
  so what you gon na do , like not let us enter the eu ? 
  cut trade ties , which would hurt all sides ? 
  cut ties with turkey for a significantly less important country ? 
  for fucking sake , when was the last time a important european country mentioned the cyprus issue and i 'm not talking about half-assed newspaper statements . 
  since we 're not going to join the eu i could n't care less but you should know that the only thing eu leaders usually criticize during their visits to turkey is the closed halki seminary and from time to time human right violations .
