  you want to have information on why/how eu citizens are allowed to have a dual citizenship ? 
  and yes some to what you described but there are several cases where ( in case germany somehow noticed it ) they lost the german citizenship . 
  the turkish government does not give a fuck about it . 
  i 'm not taking that risk , i want both and i want it legally . 
  +2 so far for you . 
  well eu citizens are allowed to keep theirs . 
  we have been too in the past . 
  you 're accusing me of something for the second time now , how can you tell that i do n't contribute anything to the society . 
  what exactly is wrong with that ? 
  i think my citizenship should represent what i am , i 'm both . 
  why is a french allowed to and im not ? 
  the so called paper turks keep the turkish citizenship , trust me i know tons of them . 
  quit accusing me of things you do n't know . 
  you are definitely not allowed to have dual citizenship here in germany , i had to decide when i was 18 . 
  i know quite a few people that have multiple citizenship one of my friends has the dutch , german and us citizenship . 
  what 's wrong with being allowed to keep it ? 
  not before i had sex with all the german women and exploited the social security system / s. 
  but yes i will . 
  fun fact : the german law discriminates turks , we 're not allowed to have the dual citizenship anymore . 
  i know what you mean and i decided after more then 20 years in germany and all those years not being treated as one ( german ) why should i fight and argue with people about how german i am or why i 'm both . 
  i 've heard arguments from both sides for all my life why i ca n't be german or why i should stop calling myself a turk because i 'm not . 
  i 'm talking about german responses . 
  i 'm a member of the local jusos , the asta of my university ( to lazy to look that up ) certainly i am not the stereotypical turk . 
  does my flair represent the place where i live ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm not going to discuss with you why i 'm a turk and not german but as many of my fellow turks in germany my experience/politicians molded my opinion that i can never be a turkish-german or a german with turkish background . 
  as many others i will do many people a favor and move back to turkey ( but i have to exploit the german education system first ;-) ) on topic : i 'm a turk , i tried from time to time to show the turkish side / in here . 
  responses were negative no matter what . 
  things have been downvoted to hell . 
  i decided to share my opinion without the flair and the responses were different . 
  very different . 
  what exactly irks you about that ? 
  yes i do , does that change anything for you ? 
  or how people respond to my comments ? 
  i do n't even use my turkish flair anymore . 
  while only 3 % of turkey belongs geographically to europe , not a bit of cyprus does but i do n't see you running around and nagging about submission about cyprus . 
  further we participate in a few multinational european commission and groups . 
  you could also check the definition of europe . 
  there have been tons of polls and studies about these topics and as a matter of fact the majority is happy with living under the turkish flag in a country called turkey . 
  mistakes have been made but one screwed century can not be a reason to break and alliance that was made over 500 years ago . 
  yes there is a risk , but i dont think that they want to be isolated by every single nation around them . 
  we have pretty good relations with the kurdish regional government . 
  syria and iraq are both artificial countries , some right-wing turks might as well tell you why aleppo and kirkuk should be turkish once again . 
  i think it 's reasonable . 
  a historic chance we missed . 
  not just for turkey but the whole western and islamic world . 
  care to explain why they are ? 
  as i stated in reply to the comment obove yours that is a part of the problem , it 's the part that can be solved . 
  turkophobia ( i just invented that ) not so easily . 
  the point is that while you are right with the problems you have mentioned , no turk believes that even if these obstacles were removed that we could join . 
  we believe that it 's because of islam , because we 're turks and because we would change the eu ( im talking about breaking the franco-german block ) . 
  i seriously do n't know where the country is heading anymore . 
  it 's really depressing . 
  the kurdish culture and religion . 
  yesss , thats my favorite kind of turk . 
  assad is alawi , which is not the same as alevi but both sects ( and the shias ) have a lot in common , you see islam is not as unified as people believe . 
  the majority of turks thinks that erdogan and davutoglu fucked it up . 
  we should have never get involved and intervention is also out of question for the vast majority . 
  iran and syria are in counteraction supporting the pkk again , with huge causalities among civilians and the military . 
  first of all i do n't think that separation is much of a concern for turkey , because whether you believe it or not ( and westerners never do ) the majority of kurds in turkey does not want a divorce but relationship therapy . 
  the pkk is not as strong as people believe ( they are now because they are heavily armed by syria and iran ) and ironically many of its members are not turkish-kurds . 
  i personally support a kurdish state whether its north-iraq or syria , but not turkey . 
  north-iraq is de facto the first kurdish country and heavily depended from turkey , because its sunni and kurdish ( the central government in iraq is shia and so is iran ) and also because it wants to separate from iraq , it has not many friends and turkey is ironically the only player in the region supporting them . 
  the economy is dominated by turkish corporations , there is a huge demand for turkish schools , they sell oil directly to us , they want to build a pipeline through our soil because if the central government one day decides to cut the pipelines the krg will have nothing . 
  so my opinion is a kurdish state will need turkey . 
  reforming or even proposing changes are a no-go . 
  since the end of the ottoman-caliphate the religion leaders of islam are based in cairo and they do nothing ( not that the ottomans did something , no one did ) . 
  even adding a different numbering to the koran to make it easier to read and understand was refused . 
  i do n't want to be a part of something that does not want us , as much as i would like my country to be more european . 
  thats the point where i also blame europeans if turkey goes downhill , i will personally raid consulates of european countries because europe 's behavior towards turkey pushed the turkish citizens away from the west . 
  the population does not want to be european any more . 
  there is no coming back . 
  it would be nice if we could at least stay neutral somehow like switzerland but we will probably one day end up as a fucked up theocracy . 
  that 's because officially they do n't exist for the turkish state , sunnis like to picture the country as exclusively sunni-islamic . 
  alevis are really an interesting branch , they do n't pray in mosques but in cemi evis and most of the time they do n't pray there either but read poems , sing and talk . 
  no headscarfs , no gender inequality . 
  the discrimination and suppression of alevis started over 500 years ago in the ottoman empire and sadly continues to this day . 
  alevis are a different branch of islam and ( as an atheist ) a more relaxed and humanistic branch . 
  the major difference between sunnis and alevis is that they follow different `` leaders '' after the so called prophet mohammed passed away . 
  alevis followed ali and sunnis i think bekir . 
  alevis are almost entirely secular and democratic and tend to be leftists or if you like to its values are leftist . 
  alevis are approximately 15-20 million in turkey . 
  many alevi intellectuals have been killed in the past , like in the sivas massacre . 
  i can only speak for turkey and hell did not break loose . 
  not at all , not when the mohammed caricatures were published and not now . 
  i dont see any azeris , albanians or bosnians ( just to count a few ) burning consulates down either ( talking about hell breaking loose ) . 
  its mostly the arab world . 
  batman reference . 
  and you do ? 
  do you have any clue what they teach young turks in all those islam-thingy-schools in germany ? 
  i do . 
  i was born in to a muslim family , grew up in a muslim environment , i was molded by it . 
  you merely adopted it . 
  i 'm not saying that it will never change but as of now , no its not compatible with democracy . 
  either you have to limit islam to a certain degree where it is compatible with democracy ( thats what we did in turkey pre-erdogan times ) or it will limit everyone else . 
  we have the best democracy in the muslim world , but its still not in the same league as for example the scandinavian countries . 
  why ? 
  we still have parents in the east who refuse to send their kids to school , forced marriages , honor killings . 
  those are ironically problems that only occur in the conservative provinces of the country . 
  what i like about christianity is that people people do n't care about the stuff they do n't like and act like it does not exist and keep on living .
