  helped the economy . 
  read that again :  some 44 percent of the turkish migrant population lives below the national poverty line ( 372 euros per month ) in the country , according to \u015een . 
  `` these people do not know what to do , where to go . 
  they are not considering returning to turkey as they are afraid of not finding any jobs there either , '' \u015een said the uneducated ones stay , those who can afford the risk ( educated , well-earning , etc ) go to turkey . 
  and as one of those turks i can understand them and will probably do the same . 
  because there is discrimination in germany . 
  i was asking because if your parents are turkish getting the citizenship is just a formality . 
  are your parents turkish ? 
  i was not sure whether this was a joke or not until i checked his comment history . 
  nice / r/europe , be proud of yourself . 
  this is the second post about racism in here in just a few months , seems like we do have a problem . 
  absolutely . 
  but we were talking about the pkk . 
  probably worse he 's taking bribes , abolishing democracy and also continuing with is islamization agenda . 
  as much as i hate erdo\u011fan , people are forgetting who we 're talking about . 
  the pkk is not a social justice organization . 
  the police does not issue ids . 
  that 's why there are still 2 million in the camps and not on their way to europe . 
  there are more than enough mosques in turkey . 
  it 's especially bad if you 're a rapist in a turkish prison . 
  turkish prisons break you , especially the nationalist prisoners if they hear you 're isis . 
  bulgaria , asking the right questions . 
  it does for eu citizens and turks born in 1990 and younger . 
  yeah thanks to the eu money everyone in turkey is going to get a raise this year . 
  look at the pole complaining and not even taking refugees themselves . 
  this is basically the turkish view too , well with the exception that we refuse to call it a genocide . 
  i think the refugees would be happier in the eu since they have more money . 
  also the religions share the same roots so it will be easier to integrate / s, 
  come at me bro . 
  and the kurds , cyprus , and a few more genocides here and there . 
  dude, 
  merkel did the right thing , its not her decision to make . 
  its a court that has to decide . 
  this means nothing but that merkel respects the seperation of powers , unlike lets say erdogan . 
  ever since merkel is not cool anymore ( remember when you all loved her ? ), 
  r/europe is trying to use anything against her . 
  only the name is different ideology the same . 
  they should look into the mosques that are not run by turkey . 
  just today i had a salafi ring my bell because they saw my name and asked me to come to their mosque . 
  without the turkish run mosques there would be more radicalization among turks . 
  you know that would probably the best idea . 
  i mean it 's to late for a buffer zone or something , so now we have to deal with a few million people who will stay permanently . 
  i doubt that he has ever seen or heard it . 
  he has more then enough lapdogs who serve him and open a case against anything and anyone critical of him . 
  well at least we feed them and give them shelter . 
  oh , okay i misunderstood something , sorry . 
  the blockade against armenia , is a result of the armenian occupation . . 
  or maybe we 'll carve another piece out of what is left of serbia . 
  turks from germany are used to pay some bribes at certain balkan borders while traveling to turkey . 
  i believe the only country where this does not happen is greece . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they are not active in turkey and that if belgium complains the groups flag would be removed . 
  but since belgium recognized the pkk as a terroristic organisation and the fact that dozes of turks probably protested the display of that flag something should have been done . 
  it might have been a different organization but i bet your security forces would have stopped them if they displayed a isis flag do n't you think ? 
  to be honest i doubt that it hurts turkey , less refugees less homeless people and less money spend on them . . 
  you would n't blame all basques for the wrong doings of eta would you ? 
  it 's generalizing and wrong . 
  during his last campaign he had a cold and had such a ridiculous voice , here : https://youtu.be/yxm07rzqvbs this is not manipulated . 
  you seriously need to stop confusing pkk and kurds . 
  you 're not doing anyone a favor with it . 
  come at me bro . 
  i see you 're a trump supporter . . 
  we had bad politicians before and this government will go too . 
  probably still better than 80 % of the planet ? 
  sure as hell better than syria and iraq . 
  because the pkk and it 's affiliated groups took the conflict to the cities . 
  if you 're going to say something at least tell it like it is . 
  because the last two were from the pkk . 
  you have to try harder plus you get pretty nice calves . 
  most people probably vote them with all the asylum seekers in mind not aware of their goals . 
  probably not many , the thing is erdo\u011fan was democratic and peaceful before he got elected . 
  his voters did not support him because they knew how he was going to turn out . 
  parties and people tell you a good story and do different shit in power . 
  people in iran expected something different when they had their islamic revolution , some early hitler voters might expected something different when was elected ( extreme examples but i hope you understand what i 'm saying ) . 
  anyway i doubt that the afd will ever be part of a government , they will probably fade away once the flow of migrants stops or slows down . 
  different story in france . 
  i can only speak for germany and the afd and everyone knows what characters are in the party , former ndp members , holocaust deniers and more . 
  i am pretty sure that they would turn germany into a more authoritarian state . 
  i live in europe , dumbass, 
  just like erdo\u011fan was n't before he was in the right position . 
  i 'm an atheist too but tell that with the post religious state rural italians , spaniards , or east europeans . 
  seriously you are delusional if you actually believe what you just said . 
  erdo\u011fan was democratic too before he was in power , you do n't think that orban is authoritarian ? 
  do you honestly believe that afd would not be authoritarian ? 
  and the link you posted is a fairly recent one when media and opposition were already largely silenced . 
  erdo\u011fan did not get the majority of the votes in his first two terms , the unfair system however gave him the majority of the seats on the parliament . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  like you have a lot in common with non urban polish people or hungarian , oh right with the exception of religion . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't want turkey to join but some of the reasons people make up just do n't sound right , many of them lead to religion one way or the other . 
  turkey is no democratic place right now , you might say that . 
  that 's a good reason but do n't give me culture as a reason seems like one big excuse to not turkey into a economic union , not a cultural one or a christian one . 
  the majority of turks didnt vote him , its the unfair elections treshold that gets him the majority in the parliament btw . 
  see the treshold is at 10 % and the winner of the election gets the % of all those parties that couldnt pass the treshold so they could rule the country without being in a coaltion while not even having that many votes . 
  erdogan was voted in 2003 because people were frustrated with the financial crisis and the `` old parties '' failures to make a change . 
  and as you can see in hungary and poland which are as far as i know european , people do fall for it . 
  you can see it in every country in europe that has populistic parties ( le pen in france , afd in germany , the guy with locks in the netherlands ) and if those parties fail like the turkish once did back then i 'm pretty darn sure a party like that would be elected . 
  its not like turkey has free elections and media . 
  if all media you consume is either tv or newspapers and they have like 80 % under control chances that you will vote them are pretty good . 
  which kurdish villages have been bombed ? 
  you almost had me thinking that europe cares about turkey . 
  europe deserved erdogan , however turkey does not .
