  you know thats no true , there still is journalism in turkey even after all the intimidating and jailing . 
  cold ass wind all the way from siberia . 
  you can play with ours , if you stop playing with ypg . 
  high income areas of istanbul vote chp , it 's just that there has been so much immigration from the east that they are now more akp supporters in the outskirts of the city . 
  those anti capitalistic muslims were at the gezi park demonstrations too . 
  no , nazis is reserved for the dutch and germans . 
  i believe so far he called them putschists and terrorists . 
  the closer they get to istanbul the bigger it gets . 
  erdogan is furious . 
  so edgy, 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jun/30/weve-lost-democracy-on-the-road-with-turkeys-justice-marchers tl ; dr people are fed up with injustice in turkey and the leader of the biggest opposition party decided to march from ankara to istanbul in protest of the latest inprisonment of one of the members of the parliament from his party . 
  not exactly . 
  the leaders of the mhp sold the party to akp because there was a rebellion in the party . 
  they kicked all those rebelling out and a lot of people doubt whether they will make it into the parliament in upcoming elections . 
  a lot of mhp voters oppose erdogan and opposed his presidential referendum . 
  my understanding is that those akp members were , what the akp told the public it was in the early year of the party . 
  so conservative to an extent , but secular and they can tell that someone went berzerk and that that someone is now the party . 
  not like a g\u00fcllenist would ever out himself as a g\u00fcllenist . 
  go to where ever you come from , i have you tagged as anti-turkey , because you never fail to show up to spread your bs . 
  no source but something like 1,5 % or so and thats the margin they won with . 
  accusing those who join the march of being terrorist supporters and coup supporters . 
  complaining that the justice march makes them look like they have no justice in turkey . 
  its not about making erdogan democratic . 
  its about raising awareness and continuing the momentum gained in the referendum campaign . 
  this march is supported by fromer akp founders and members , hdp members and kicked-out mhp members . 
  its about unity and justice . 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/18/world/europe/turkey-referendum-is-haunted-by-allegations-of-voter-fraud.html the government allowed non stamped votes to be counted during the counting process . 
  rigged elections , jailing people for opposing the system change , control of the media ? 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  or efficiency . 
  and therefore very gorgeous ? 
  wait . 
  you 're not the real / u/helmia, 
  sharing is caring . 
  chill . 
  i 'm not defending it but i do n't get the saltiness . 
  shit one of them even had a knife . 
  but it was used as a mosque for centuries before it was a mosque . 
  atat\u00fcrk turned it into a museum around 100 years ago now . 
  yeah , you do n't know turkish media . 
  it 's reported , it 's always reported . 
  pro government media reports in favor , non government media reports it too . 
  why would that be negative anyway ? 
  conservatives and nationalists would love it , it 's something erdo\u011fan likes to use when he has to deflect the attention of the public . 
  it 's discussed in the newspapers and on tv . 
  but no such thing in turkish media and its not like this topic is not discussed once every few months or so . 
  someone must have recycled old news . 
  that 's not on turkish news at all . 
  lets put it this way : europe ( minus russia ) is still on the decline , while russia , iraqis and israelis are coming en masse . 
  but that does not mean that germans are not coming at all : 260.000 in april alone : [ hdn ] ( http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/foreign-tourist-arrivals-to-turkey-rise-18-pct-in-april-after-months-in-doldrums-.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=113704&amp;newscatid=349 ), 
  turkey 's tourism is still suffering , but it seems like this season will be okay with russians , iraqis and israelis coming . 
  europe not so much . 
  why the fuck am i downvoted, 
  [ bloomberg : tourists are finally coming back to turkey ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-05-30/tourist-arrivals-in-turkey-rise-for-first-time-since-russia-spat ), 
  we 're working on it . 
  make sure to visit badabing hostel in istanbul for a good time . 
  met two australians who were driving all the way from uk to mongolia a few years ago in istanbul , they were part of some rat race where only shitty cars were allowed . 
  does anyone know what kind of race that was ? 
  yes , but it took me some time to figure that macaroni has only one c, 
  i remember as i kid we were somewhere on the highway around milan and i saw a huge barilla factory . 
  i dont know why , but i still remember . 
  that looks like it was way to expensive for a train station . 
  kohl 's voice : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jreeqz7_d1m, 
  i 'm not a muslim , but as a turk in germany why the fuck do they have to join the protest ? 
  i mean fuck ditib since they 've become a tool of erdogan but nothing wrong with that decision . 
  and independent observers . 
  russia is not a threat as long as nato is existing , but in a post nato world ? 
  i mean i doubt that a lot of countries except for maybe the americans and british would support turkey anyway . 
  it 's better to be able to protect yourself . 
  i would so too , would n't count on some for good weather allies in the worst case . 
  norway ? 
  turkey is exporting lots of commercial vehicles and electronics . 
  you mean geographically ? 
  its not , its dull and makes the youth less interested . 
  voter turnout in germany for people younger 30 is somewhere around or below 50 %, 
  aya sofia collapsed partially a few times and was reconstructed everytime . 
  here as early as 7th century : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/the-many-legends-of-the-hagia-sophia.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=72796&amp;newscatid=438, 
  no alcohol , only ayran for a whole month . 
  immigration from the east does that . 
  even in the small town my family comes from we now have ninjas running around . 
  the villages around it stopped selling property to people not from the region , because of that . 
  especially not smoking . 
  i can only talk from my experience but i 've been drinking ( on the streets ) and partying during ramadan , that was 3 years ago and yes some might look at you funny but that was about it . 
  but that was also in the hipster istanbul parts . 
  its normal for people to not fast , its not something extraordinary but with the rise of erdogan some hotheads feel like they need to tell people to not eat and fast , even though their religion tells them not to . 
  never been to eskisehr but the city generally known as a very liberal students city . 
  but nothing beats izmir, 
  so you admit it ? 
  why the fuck would you allow him a burrial in first place ? 
  people like these should be burned and the ashes just thrown away . 
  how the fuck is he preventing the fight against isis when half a dozen other countries successfully bomb them from incrilik ever day without a single complaint ? 
  and what genocide is he not stopping ? 
  you made me defend erdogan , but what you just said makes no sense to me . 
  barzani is free to do what ever he wants , but without an ally he 's on his own . 
  whether its erdogan ruling or someone else . 
  austria is not even a nato member , so ? 
  barzanis troops were killed in friendly fire , while attacking pkk positions close by and the government expressed their regrets . 
  i do n't question that splitting the ypg controlled areas was not a part of the goal , but people like you who claim that : turkey kills kurds , helps isis are the worst and disrespectful to 70 soldiers who died fighting isis . 
  95 % of the operation was fighting isis , yet you go around claiming that the kurds were targeted . 
  yet somehow 70 soldiers died fighting isis .
