  but why would you reply to me twice ? 
  did you drink to much ouzo kardesi ? 
  everyone in the east is worse off , including the turks . 
  you 're talking about the depopulation of villages that was in the late 80s , early 90s maybe . 
  those days are long gone , its been almost 30 years . 
  you 're not wrong , but your argument is 30 years old and your armenian jibe even older . 
  keep living in the past , if that makes you feel better . 
  just for that we will stay for 1000 years next time . 
  instead armenians now have a protectorate in your country . 
  i dont have any issue with people calling out turkey for what they did wrong . 
  its the sourness after 500 years , thats what really amuses me . 
  i dont see iraqis running around hating mongolians . 
  french people hating the germans . 
  but the whole balkan is still whining about the bad ottomans . 
  its been 100 years , poland has been through worse . 
  you in the balkans are still not moving forward . 
  but sure we 'll be your scapegoat for everything xoxoxo, 
  and i dont see a difference between albanians and greeks , that is culturally , ideologically etc. 
  so you 're saying it was fair to remove people that have been living their for probably a few centuries ? 
  i think the un and pretty much the rest of the world begs to differ . 
  you 've been under ottoman control for so long and were allowed to practice your religion , keep your identity . 
  fuck the ottomans , but i know a lot of competitiors at that time that would have made you catholic or something . 
  your ancestors have been allied with the ottomans for centuries . 
  i didnt study in turkey , but still you 're sour for what was 500 years ago . 
  thats some astonishing salty-ness level . 
  why do you compare a nationality with a religion btw ? 
  the population of bulgars in turkey has probably never been higher . 
  lmao says the serb . 
  and also out of context but whatever suits you . 
  whataboutism ? 
  so that justifies killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of village and cities ? 
  bulgaria is not innocent either , with the forced assimilation and forced displacement of ten thousands of ethnic turks . 
  your countries should first acknowledge your wrongdoings and compensate those people for the lands they have lost before you try to lecture other countries . 
  i 'm not saying we 're better , but you 're shitty too . 
  that 's a pretty whiny attitude if you ask me . 
  western you mean probably, 
  nonchalantly not mentioning the thousands of turks butchered and the dozens of cities and villages burned down by the greeks . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't see a civil war , but i see and insurgency and millions of kurdish citizens living in peace and prosperity in western turkey . 
  of course i know what he meant , but there 's no civil war . 
  the kurds know very well what a civil war is , they had one in the 90s in iraq and are part of another one in syria right now . 
  however a lot of people in here do not apparently . 
  where 's the civil war ? 
  german beer for me . 
  the anti turkish sentiment in this sub is ridiculous . 
  so many salty people . 
   civil war what ? 
   even turkey it boggles my mind how bad people think turkey is . 
  we had woman voting , in the army , homosexuality legal , secularism and legal prostitution before many european countries did . 
  we have massive problems , even more today , but we 're no middle eastern shithole . 
  not necessarily directed at you btw , but more in general . 
  i dont know in which region of germany you live , perhaps you live in a region with lots of franchises , but here in rheinland rewe kicks ass . 
  i know plenty people driving up to 100kms a day to work , in germany . 
  i used to drive 70km for a while . 
  i dont know man , penny is pretty good in cologne . 
  maybe we get some extra care since its their home turf . 
  once the brits are out . 
  for fresh fish i 'll go to handelshof or turkish shops but generally not a lot of fresh fish here . 
  australia is another european country lidl 's sister kaufland will enter soon . 
  dont know about the discounters , but the supermarkets do . 
  as do the corner stores . 
  i dont know how it is in belgium , but going into a lidl/aldi was something only for the poor and foreigners , it was looked down on . 
  reminds me of some right-wing germans waving aldi bags during a match between germany and turkey in the 90s . 
  today its mainstream . 
  i still prefer edeka/rewe . 
  i wasnt aware that the americans dont have alcohol in supermarkets . 
  weird . 
  they sell wine in germany too and they have been trying to get a better reputation for a while now , with updated designs for the stores and more . 
  its been a long time since aldi and lidl 's target group were low-income households . 
  since your country is the greatest in invading and occupying countries , part of nato and well different standards are applied . 
  come on we 're talking nato and its hypocritical to call out one country for occupation when the elephant in the room has been doing it since the second world war . 
  of course two or in this case 20 something wrongs dont make a right . 
  invading sovereign nations , like the americans did in iraq , afghanistan and syria ? 
  pfft . 
  he will sell it to his people as something against the turkish nation and people will buy it . 
  its ugly from outside . 
  i 'm looking forward to the day i see an american taking a picture of a k-kk liscense plate in k\u00f6ln . 
  or maybe the germans are a bit more mature and dont associate everything with nazis . 
  hh = hansestadt hamburg but also heil hitler for those wondering . 
  north cyprus , best cyprus . 
  sorry , but i cant judge how hairy the cameraman is from here . 
  lets not get into stereotypes , thanks . 
  thats the desk of someone still using flipcharts at work for presentations . 
  i 'm sorry for not seeing it in first place . 
  i believe the guy in the picture is austrias greatest treasure in history , dj \u00d6tzi , please correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  thanks . 
  excuse me guys but i 'm turkish an do n't get it . 
  i can only see ordinary german and dutch people in the picture , where is the joke ? 
  this is turning into a goldmine rather fast . 
  1453 best year of my life ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  you need to go to a brauhaus , you will never run out of k\u00f6lsch to drink until you tell the k\u00f6bes to stop , but depending on the k\u00f6bes he might not stop anyway . 
  they would rather go bankrupt . 
  welcome to r/europe where europe = eu and everyone loves it . 
  he said european and not eu . 
  why would i ? 
  hashish production ? 
  kicked out ? 
  i like this version more than the other one . 
   erdogan is only beginning i dont think so . 
  not saying its his end but he 's not only getting started .
