  those families get like 500 liras per month on top of accomodation and food of course from the turkish government . 
  those 35 $ are from the eu . 
  per month as far as i understood . 
  35 $ that 's what i gathered from turkish newspapers . 
  sorry but you 're a bit late . 
  we can lend you tayyip if you like . 
  give it up bro . 
  when it comes to turkey conspiracy theories are good enough for r/europe . 
  you seem to know a lot more than me than . 
  our resident turkey expert from new zealand . 
  you know the only reason for turkey to be in nato is russia ? 
  the other countries turkey can deal with easily . 
  source ? 
  had to look up that word . 
  but you can hardly compare it to the turkish situation . 
  no but those g\u00fcllenists did n't help either . 
  yes, 
  liberal turks have been saying this since the second term of the akp . 
  no idea where your dislike for turks comes from but keep on dreamin . 
  you 're not making much sense . 
  i was n't calling anyone anything but you called for the destruction of my country . 
  i do n't support that . 
  and the traffic was horrible in cologne today because that so called demonstration . 
  they closed two bridges because of those morons . 
  i do not live in turkey but i 'm turkish . 
  what 's so typical ? 
  i do n't know where you come from , but you sound american with your ideas of foreign policy . 
  how about no ? 
  who is we ? 
  and how imperialist do you have to be if you actually think that splitting countries is a viable solution to your domestic problems ? 
  he still does not have the required amount of votes , even with the rightist party that is supporting it . 
  as far as i 'm aware . 
  thing is turkish law does not allow death penalty for crimes that happened before the law was introduced . 
  that 's only the banks . 
  answered . 
  my school organized everything and i had the chance to go to romania , england or estonia . 
  i choose estonia because england is meh , i mean it 's nothing special . 
  everyone has been there once and romania did not appear safe enough . 
  was scared of getting mugged or something back then . 
  i ended up at a german company there . 
  had a good time there and traveled to latvia too while i was there . 
  tallinns old town is beautiful and my apartment was tight at the beach . 
  that was some good time . 
  sorry german citizenship bro . 
  i used that one for my internship in estonia . 
  how much you get depends on the countries though , you get less if you go to england for example as far as i can remember . 
  it was cnnt\u00fcrk or another news channel but i cant find it anymore so they probably deleted it . 
  hopefully false report . 
  thats not true anymore . 
  seems like this was an isis attack but the pkk/tak attacked the other istanbul airport and bombed a public square in ankara too . 
  well tak/pkk said they were going to hurt tourism , but this here seems more like an isis job with reports of people screaming allahu ekber and allegedly looking for british people . 
  but thats only rumours . 
  video of probably one of the explosions : https://twitter.com/imgedengemi/status/747887345945411584, 
  why should turkey keep the uneducated ? 
  since we have like two million syrians we might as well keep the educated ones . 
  while we 're at it , thanksgiving jokes whenever turkey is mentioned triggers me . 
  i doubt that . 
  i fear a lot but there 's no way that turkey will turn away from secularism . 
  the population might be , however the constitution defines how a country defines itself . 
  iran islamic , vatican ? 
  christian , secular france ? 
  well not a christian country in my eyes . 
  yeah but it was mostly attacked , in defense and crumbling by that time . 
  you can argue all you want . 
  iran is a islamic country , turkey is not . 
  turkey is a secular country and if you do n't understand google it . 
  the constitution begs to differ . 
  turkey is per constitution a secular republic . 
  i do n't need you to tell me what my country is . 
  do you see your country as a christian country ? 
  turkey is a secular republic and not islamic . 
  i 'm aware my point is that op thinks that this will be against `` islamic '' countries, 
  and greece , italy , england , france attacked turkey . 
  missile defence will be extremely effective against all those long rage missiles and 5th generation fighter jets they have . 
  i do n't see turkey as an islamic country ? 
  who did we attack in ww2 ? 
  which islamic country attacked european countries in the past 100 years ? 
  how many times have european countries bombed them ? 
  that 's why kilis is bombed daily by isis . 
  and you croatian , have no clue . 
  a greek friend of mine was given the name son of the bald , hilarious because he 's bald too . 
  it snows every year in istanbul and every time it does everyone is surprised and the city is unprepared . 
  its like they could recycle the same reports from the winter before and broadcast it the next winter and no one would notice . 
  i wish people would pay as much attention to the others as they do when someone has a dual citizenship . 
  or turkey is holding turkish citizens hostage , because they have both passports . 
  this reminds me of the outcry in germany because one turkish-german journalist is jailed in turkey . 
  those poor people with dual citizenships , however who cares about those with only one . 
  either erdogan gets his yes in the referendum at gets the rights on paper for the stuff he 's doing anyway or he will likely continue like he is right now , maybe will have new elections now that two of the three opposition parties are below the threshold and be even mightier . 
  either way shitty . 
  that girl looks like the girl from beetlejuice . 
  i love the architecture . 
  one of the few things i liked about the ottoman era . 
  downvoted for what exactly ? 
  pointing out ops agenda ? 
  bring back mexiko !, 
  and as you can see its working . 
  whats even the point of this post ? 
  attracting nostaglic butthurt people ? 
  just for that we will change it again ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  link does not work , but argue all you want about that and go complain to the greeks too if you want , but you 're still wrong about atat\u00fcrk .
