  turkey fought isis , removed isis and all that you 're saying is speculation . 
  pulling out or delivering those guys . 
  there was also the offer of visiting them at another base in konya . 
  but i mean if turkey does not prove that those guys are guilty or not sufficiently i respect their decision . 
  but i do n't know why they thought that they could talk erdo\u011fan out of it , it was a waste of time . 
  i hope so , but being in nato does not mean that you cant have different opinions ( especially in non-nato missions , because it was not a nato mission up until the nato summit a few weeks ago ) . 
  you 're saying hostile , but ( as a turk i can tell ) its just his rhetorics aimed at domestic consumption . 
  how erdogan deals with germany or why is another story , because erdogan is erdogan . 
  i dont agree with it , but from his pov germany is keeping criminals/coup plotters and he wants them . 
  this guy is still acting like people do in the environment he grew up , if only you knew turkish and knew how he treats turkish opposition . 
  fighting isis was no nato mission up until a few weeks ago , so you argument is not really valid . 
  when nato went into war with serbia/yugoslavia greece decided not to , i dont recall anyone asking them to leave . 
  nato is afterall a defence alliance for the worst case scenarios , countries can have different views and if fighting isis means supporting apoists , well than thats against turkish interest . 
  and unlike germany turkey has been on the ground against isis , so spare me your commitment to fighting isis bs . 
   your entire post history is filled with turkey as much as mine is , i do n't see your point and i just returned home . 
  duh , i 'm turkish . 
  however i dont know whats motivating you . 
  democracy was directed at hungary , but you mean to tell me that hungary is irrelevant so let them be pro russian but when turkey does its not ? 
  cooperating with russia is vital for turkey in times of war at long stretches of its border . 
  if it suits turkish interests we might as well work with the iranians , you dont how to deal with any of it , neither are you offering any helping ( like military or taking in refugees ) . 
  working with russia is bringing stability step by step back to syria and less and less refugees for turkey . 
  where is the issue with that ? 
  we know how those alliances worked out in the past when poland was attacked . 
  i dont wish war on poland but you act like your superior or something . 
  so from an turkish pov what does it gain by having it there in first place if they support a terrorist organisation ( ypg ) fighting another ( isis ) ? 
  nothing , just lots of head ache and dead people in the future . 
  but from my pov that could have been dealt with before the german operaton even started . 
  but thats how erdogan politics work , everything and anything will be used when bargaining . 
  thats not really an accurate description of turkish-german cooperation . 
  both countries cooperated more than just `` strategic allies '' historically and economically in the past and present . 
  sure relations are probably at a low point , but germany dropping turkey ? 
  your entire post history is filled with turkey , armenia , greece and kurds . 
  you seem kinda obsessed , go get some fresh air . 
  i 'm not discussing shit with you , you probably expected so - because i 'm a turk . 
  so america and hungary for example are doing just fine democracy wise and russia wise ? 
  you are aware the americans cooperate with the russians in syria as does turkey and not mentioning the trump-russia connection or orban 's russian views . 
  when it comes to turkey its : kick turkey out of nato . 
  you are biased as fuck . 
  oh come on , save your comments for someone who cares about what you say and does not know you or your comment history . 
  but still you 're not the cradle of western civilization . 
  we 've been in nato for way longer than you were , were part of it when it actually mattered and approved your membership , always remember that xoxo, 
  we 're talking allies and nato . 
  not turkish domestic politics . 
  how the hell do you even keep finding my posts, 
  like poland is the holy grail of western civilization , you have a president that is erdogan-esque . 
  those `` some '' kurds are allied with the pkk , they are even part of the same organisation kck . 
  the krg ( barzanis party ) is hostile to the ypg as is turkey and enforcing an embargo to its territory . 
  kurds are not a monolithic group as some in the west want to believe . 
  got ta give france props for staying us free . 
  i was thinking of incirlik in turkey tbh . 
  just because the americans are allowed to use a base , that still does not make it an american base . 
  humongous what ? 
  he 's everywhere , wtf . 
  no , keep those nazis . 
  no dutch has been beaten thus far , the incident was largely exaggerated by the media in the netherlands and turkey be cause of the elections in both countries . 
  you know that 's probably not true and those orange stabbers have a very short memory anyway . 
  the only thing people from the tourism sector care about is money , nothing politics . 
  the second sentence is directed at your first comment . 
  i prefer not calling it that way , but yes way to many armenians have been killed in those dark days . 
  edit : but i dont really mean the first part . 
  was in tallinn around 10 years ago , great city , great people . 
  you hate us , cuz u anus / s. 
  in the same spirit : its a shame you 're independent for once . 
  must be someone from the turkish minority , right ? 
  did you just invent time traveling ? 
  my point was rather that turkey did shitty things and people mention it all the time , but forget the shitty things their people did . 
  especially here in this sub . 
  if france and germany can be buddies today , why not turks , greeks and the balkans . 
  instead we 're still stuck in the past . 
  i know many people still hold a grudge against arabs , but many ( mostly the religious people ) say that they were tricked and are still our `` bros '' . 
  animosity towards iran is a shia/sunni thing mostly and people being scared that iranian sharia might be exported to turkey . 
  i 'm not saying we 're better but i will call out bs when i see it and i 've seen a lot in here today . 
  i dont know to be honest , at least not for the people from the population exchange . 
  but i mean its 100 years ago , lets let history be history . 
  you can claim it , if it 's inactive . 
  but still no quote hombre ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  quote one . 
  open that sub to , might get a giggle out of it once in awhile . 
  some remarkable quoting skills you have right there . 
  totally not out of context and very accurate too . 
  i wouldnt mind a greek - western turkish federation if shit goes down . 
  i think its the same , but technically it was renamed way before it was named istanbul . 
  but from what i gathered most of the population called it constantinople . 
  show me something anti-kurdish i have said . 
  so did spain have a civil war with eta and the british with ira ? 
  because that is largely ignored unlike the suffering of the greeks or anybody else involved . 
  that 's why . 
  and i like to mention it here and there when people act like saints in here when they have some dirty laundry too . 
  my family for example was from i believe rhodes and has never been compensated for the property that was lost . 
   you came , you opressed people and you filled us with settlers who opressed us as well , what did you expect to happen after we achieved our independence ? 
  so are you better , worse or the same as the ottomans ? 
  all these flavours and you choose to be salty . 
  the moment greece takes over any part of turkey it will become majority turkish . 
  that would be anschluss from the inside . 
  its official name has been konstaniniyye since 1453 . 
  i was making fun out of your stupid comment , but you 're to dense to get that . 
  unlike you , we turks take pride in our different origins . 
  we have tons of people from the balkans that were displaced by force by the same people that whine and complain to this day . 
  but guess what we moved on and we 're developing cant say the same about the majority of the balkans or heck greece without all the scammed eu money . 
  i see you try to use the same argument again and again .
