  i was only trying to make a joke and now you made me look like a fool . 
  no erdogan 0/10, 
  can you also check in how many of those turkish related posts at least one comment said turkey is not europe ? 
  by observing the streets of germany , it sure looks like it . 
  komcsi = neighbour ? 
  obviously just rhetorics . 
  erdo\u011fan needs some israel bashing . 
  that 's just akp things . 
  i dare to say that most jews had it better in the ottoman empire than in most of the european countries , the ottomans send ships to save jews in spain , settled them in turkey . 
  also the young turkish republic gave turkish citizenship to thousands of jews during ww2 and thus saved their lifes . 
  next tursu suyu . 
  but the sweet karma . 
  i said because of the refugees not because of turkey . 
  come on , being european is not about the way you look . 
  at least thats what this sub likes the people to believe . 
  thats the spirit , you 'll teach them how to be european . 
  we 'll send you a couple hundreds to get warm with . 
  what was your adress again ? 
  i was always thinking the same . 
  why did the eu let non european cyprus into the eu ? 
  well we dont want them either . 
  your countries lefties are crying when we did not allow them to enter and were crying when the border was open for refugees because that was supporting isis . 
  since you 're the beacon of democracy , you can have them and make them into proper europeans . 
  he can only use it because you are scared af from refugees . 
  why should turkey get to keep 3 million refugees that dont want to stay here ? 
  you can thank merkel and her deal . 
  the funniest part are all the eastern europeans in here that are afraid of the refugees , when in reality the refugees are not really interested in settling there . 
  one is the acquisition of a defense system in exchange for moeny , the other one was a major non-aggression pact with huge political implications . 
  by 1939 germany was invading poland . 
  again i see no parallels . 
  i 'm looking forward to see how sanctions against turkey will be push through , especially with leftitst governments in the eu , against turkey because refugees just want to central europe . 
  you have killed around 20-30 times more people in your war against terrorism than people died in the attack in new york . 
  guess what , the next generation of 9/11 bombers are probably growing up in syria , iraq and libya . 
  or yemen . 
  you were never able to look from the high ground because you might have the better democracy but your leaders , every single of them , is waging wars in foreign countries . 
  your country is the biggest war monger of the last century and it started good into the new century too . 
  your image of your own country is probably a bit skewed . 
  erdogan is a moron , erdogan is corrupt and i hope he 'll be hanged or executed one day . 
  dont want to talk about him , depresses me . 
  but the only thing we 'd expect from an ally , even while erdogan is ruling the country , was that you would not support enemies of the turkish state . 
  thats not that difficult to do and understand , but here we are . 
  dont confuse erdogans rhetoric for anything meaningful , ever . 
  but i know you do and most of the lefty americans do too ( see r/worldnews for example ) . 
  i doubt that there is any sympathy for turkey left in the american public , but vice versa . 
  erdogan will be gone hopefully sooner than later but the damage obama and trump have done to the turkish-american relations will not be reparable , maybe on paper or with the government , but believe me when i tell you that people look very negatively on the americans right now . 
  but why should you care ? 
  you 're the worldpolice right ? 
  and from your post it also seems like you get to decide who stays in an organization . 
  the biggest pill to swallow is that you 're using turkish soil to support and arm people that will hurt turkish people and their lifes and that the corrupt government is doing nothing to stop them . 
  i 'm not backing erdogan up , i was on the streets against him when your government and the eu were still licking his balls and were mesmerized by how liberal and democratic he was . 
  i dont hate the russians , they are not a friend of turkey and never have been . 
  they are not dishonest and claim to be our ally and then stab us in the back . 
  now i dont hate the americans either but i 'm convinced that less american influence on the world can only be better for the world . 
  fuck the turkish leadership and fuck yours too , but like every single one of them in the last century for waging wars and destabilizing governments everywhere . 
  killing hundreds of thousands in the middle east . 
  there is no friendship between the americans and turks right now , but not because of erdogan but because your country is supporting enemies of the turkish people in syria . 
  erdogan is temporary , however what you 're doing in syria is permanent and will bring suffering to turkey . 
  but thats what you do , you get involved everywhere and create more suffering . 
  what exactly about getting russian missile defence reminds you of germany in the 30s ? 
  and shit like this is upvoted , fuck this place . 
  sanctions because refugees want to go to central europe ? 
  its not like they are forced to go there by erdogan they want to go there . 
  in fact they are now forced to stay in turkey . 
  these eu hardcore supporters like to act like they are from the same blood or some shit . 
  only on the internet kids . 
  wrong , they do not . 
  however it has been proposed for the next curriculum or so . 
  and the only people bringing up eu membership , again and again , are members from eu members states . 
  i never see a turkish member making any fuzz about it . 
  but i never said so , that must have been your imagination . 
  i just cant stand the comparison with the middle east like , because its bs . 
  i compared what you said to something dumb that a lot of people say too . 
  however i never said that we 're culturally closer to mena or europe . 
  and you 're in no position to judge . 
  fact is , i have a lot more in common with a greek from the agean , then i have with a slovak or syrian or a turk from the eastern parts of the country . 
  why do you think that ? 
   turkey under erdogan is emerging power with regional interests and country that is culturally closer to mena than to european nato members . 
  you know jack shit about turkish culture . 
  reminds of the people claiming that refugees from syria would feel more at home in turkey because they are culturally closer . 
  its bs . 
  i and most of the turkish people do not agree , turkey has a society where ( whether you find it funny or not ) things like honor play a big role and people were/are furious that he insulted atat\u00fcrk . 
  you dont have to agree with it , but not every country in the world has to be the same as scotland or any other western country . 
  plenty of countries have limits to their versions of freedom of speech . 
  ironically atat\u00fcrk was a heavy drinker and i dont think anyone has ever gone to jail for saying so . 
  as i said there a factual statements and there are insults and slander and a national treasure should be treated like a national treasure , because if it wasnt for him turkey would have been partitioned almost 100 years ago , would still have a monarchy and would still be sharia ruled . 
  insults are not free speech , i 'm pretty sure you can get your point across without calling the founding father of this nation a bastard . 
  that guy in question is not a historian and had no other intention but to insult him and his mother . 
  thats something completley different . 
  right now i would not . 
  i 'm just saying that a russian occupied crimea seems to be the bigger issue for the eu than cyprus . 
  because that is against russia and russian influence, 
  where were the sanctions back than ? 
  weapons embargo for a couple of years , that was it . 
  nothing like russia today . 
  like europe or the eu would go to war for cyprus or cares about it so much that they would cancel the customs union , contrary right now they are working on expanding it and your government is involved and the cypriot one probably too . 
  what a glorious day . 
  rip ecevit , we will never forget you . 
  yes , continue spending money on gear you will never need and go bankrupt . 
  and where did i say that ? 
  just to be clear , insulting me or someone living should not be fined but a national treasure , the founding father , someone historical , thats something different for me .
