  remember the kofi anan plan ? 
  megali idea ? 
  you ca n't fool no one , you 're not much better but its easier to blame someone else . 
  the island could be re-united by now as a matter of fact but the greek cypriots decided not to . 
  because no eu country will risk its ties with turkey for cyprus . 
  turkey is giving zero fucks about the eu lately , its just a matter of time before one side will stop it , but the side that stops it will be the one to blame . 
  can you honestly say that you greek cypriots are really trying to solve the cyprus issue ? 
  arm both sides , let them fight . 
  i did not say that i 'm cool with that . 
  everytime i 'm explaining the turkish point of view in this subreddit i 'm getting downvoted , thanks r/europe . 
  basically we 're not giving a fuck about who is crossing the border towards bulgaria and greece , because turkish entrepreneurs still have visa obstacles when they 're trying to go to europe , which is unfair . 
  newspapers have been reporting that turkey is using that as a form of pressure . 
  and turkey will allegadly continue to act so until we can solve the visa problem for turkish entrepreneurs and civillians . 
  that 's our turkish academics way of punishing you , because we 're leaving the trash in [ germany ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zyfwp.jpg ) . 
  jokings aside , yes it is sad . 
  i just went to the election site and damn those old ladies looked at me like i was a freaking alien . 
  you should know that there were case studies and the average european has a negative image of turkey/turk , in some countries more and in some countries less . 
  thanks, 
  ops , yes i meant panathinaikos . 
  are they somehow right-wing ? 
  i 'm asking because i spotted a lot of lonsdale clothing . 
  i dont get it either , i watched todays match together with my fener friends and after some mocking we went back to being friends . 
  no fighting , every fener fan congratulated us . 
  i 'm not sure whether lonsdale clothing is used in the same way in greece as its in germany ( nazi fanboys ) but some of those fans in the front line wore lonsdale stuff , maybe that was the only reason they came . 
  its even dumber in retrospective considering that they werein istanbul to play against moskau . 
  it was not that bad , just a bit rioting . 
  galatasaray fans started at one point to chant olympiakos , olympiakos to the paok fans . 
  that was awesome . 
  the only way i will use this is to mock my greek friends on monday , one of them is a lunatic paok fan . 
  no fighting between the fan groups . 
  just fenerbahce being to proud and let us get our cup in their stadium . 
  they put the lights out and even started the pitch watering . 
  oh and set a police car on fire . 
  maybe in educated circles but not the average european , that 's one of the reason why those turks who can afford to move back ( well educated people for example ) to turkey . 
  as a turk , i 'm a european when it suits europeans and i 'm a non-european on any other occasion . 
  ok now i understand and to be honest it looks better . 
  what the hell is a double eyelid surgery ? 
  never heard that before and even after watching a few videos on youtube i still do n't understand . 
  why are you even comparing ? 
  europe has its own standards , we should not compare us with stone age countries . 
  we 're fucking europe . 
  reality . 
  if you 're in europe go to the streets and ask random persons and you will get the same answers . 
  its not racism but definitely some stereotypes that we ( turkey ) will probably never get the rid of . 
  definitely but for now we 'll enjoy the show and maybe at some point we can join the party and waste money together . 
  well we 're not waiting anymore , although the negotiations are still ongoing and the process is good for the country ( tons of reforms ) , we 're now in a situation where we can appreciate the benefits of not being in * it . 
  * we should push for some kind of privileged partnership and get the best deal we can get and then move on . 
  but if thats your definition of colonialization , then germany has been partly colonized by the romans , too . 
  the point is there was no turkey back then , turkey started to be with the beginning of the rise of the seldjuks , then the ottomans and finally what is today turkey . 
  if anything we 've been a colonial power but lost all our colonies . 
  you might want to check that again , never colonized . 
  we have been once occupied for a short time until atat\u00fcrk kicked the foreign forces out . 
  wtf . 
  when was turkey a colony ? 
  current account deficit ? 
  islamization ? 
  press freedom ? 
  only the turkish cypriots lose . 
  i just thought that it was a bit arrogant that you think that the country has to wait till 2045 and if then germany decides that it need immigrants ( i mean what else has turkey to offer ? ), 
  then it could join . 
  no offence taken , just saying . 
  enough english for today . 
  what makes you think that turkey will still need the eu then or what makes you think it needs it nowadays ? 
  your statement is a bit arrogant . 
  oh and germany need skilled immigrants , you already failed to get highly skilled indians , why should a by then hopefully developed turkey lose its skilled workforce to a old-grumpy germany with high lohnnebenkosten ? 
  i know these things . 
  but lets pretend we fulfilled all the requirements and lets also pretend we 're not muslim ( i 'm not a muslim but i know a lot of people think this way ) and we joined the eu . 
  the german-french blocks votes in the eu-parliament would now be down-watered by the amount of turkish votes , or a possible turkish-british block and the us-government could get indirectly more influence in the eu over the britons and turkey . 
  geopolitics . 
  all the markets you counted were growing before the arab spring and keep growing nowadays . 
  many analysts claim that turkey is one of the biggest winners of the arab spring since most of these arab countries like what our somehow islamic-democratic-secular government is doing and that we 're standing up against israel . 
  more and more arabs are in favor of turks , we 're exporting movies , daily soaps to these countries and they 're crazy after them and the turkish lifestyle . 
  our influence is growing and so is the trade . 
  until a few years ago we 've been the infidels , because we 're not really muslim because we 're secular and shit . 
  its also kinda ironic because we supported the dictators before the revolution ( like libya ) and did n't really care about it , as long as they imported our stuff . 
  mubarak for example was not a big fan of turkish influence , hence from day one our government supported the egypt protests against him . 
  israel is just temporarily and its not really hurting our economy , since israel did n't really import much from us but we imported a lot of war toys . 
  maybe it damaged our reputation but thats about it . 
  if anything it was good for our economy , since we 're now cooler in the eyes of the arabs and they 're therefore buying more turkish goods . 
  and syria , well syria is a game between iran and turkey the way i see it . 
  once assad falls syria 's next government will be mildly-pro western/pro-turkish and assad will fall and we will win the game on the long-term . 
  france , germany in times of cdu ( not when the spd strikes back ) , austria and a few more . 
  but countries with a broader horizon , like ( yes really ) the brits know that the eu with turkey would be a stronger one . 
  but as i said , fuck the eu , give me a privileged partnership , so we can continue to flood your markets with cheap goods . 
  bullshit even if we found a solution for cyprus , we 're still muslim and have a pretty big population , which would piss of certain countries ( i 'm looking at you germany and france ) . 
  so whether its cyprus or some other pretense to block is , it does n't really matter to me and the majority of the turkish population . 
  please check this comment , especially the part about the kofi anan plan . 
  who seriously believes that turkey will join the eu one day ? 
  i mean even if i put the 99 other problems aside , cyprus will block the talks regardless if we annex it or dont . 
  that changes nothing . 
  you could check my other comments and you could easily see that i 'm not nationalistic and not in favor of annexing the norther part . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that there is hardly any movement towards the unification , many attempts to mediate failed . 
  we could wait another 30 years but nothing going to change and threatening them with annexation could bring some movement to the talks . 
  but if the talks fail , the world should finally move on and either recognize the norther part as a sovereign country or turkey could annex it which is the worst alternative but still better then another 30 years in isolation . 
  well what do you suggest ? 
  i dont thing that the greek cypriots have any interest in re-unification now that you found gas . 
  we could wait a few decades more but in my eyes thats just wasted time , there will be no one cyprus again . 
  annexing the turkish part is not in the interest of the south and not in the interest of the north , but i dont see any alternative left . 
  hear , hear . 
  check your facts .
