  that 's sarma . 
  especially since he should have gun he 's used to kill the driver with . 
  because its regarded as a somewhat elite school , your kids learn german , the education in germany is probably better too then the average turkish school too . 
  obviously religion is a private matter but i would argue that christmas is still about religion for the majority and church attendance is the highest in the year on that special day . 
  so i think its fair to say that its still a religious thing for many . 
  there are german schools all over the world . 
  theres one in milan too . 
  the teachers are german and turkish and a lot of german expats use those schools for their children . 
  look at your family and friends and tell me its not about jesus . 
  i 'm an atheist but celebrate christmas with the family of my girlfriend and for the average german it is about christianity/religion . 
  why else do people go to church on heiligabend ? 
  christmas is per definition religious , it 's the celebration of the the birth of jesus . 
  why is it worse ? 
  [ sz ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/bildung/tuerkei-empoerung-ueber-weihnachtsverbot-an-deutscher-auslandsschule-in-istanbul-1.3299772 ) basically says that the school denies that christmas was banned at the school but that teachers covered topics that were not part of the curriculum . 
  a christmas concert that was scheduled was canceled by the german teachers and not the school itself . 
  anything exciting in salihli ? 
  it 's up the railroad . 
  never thought that anyone from salihli would be on reddit . 
  how are things going over there ? 
  need to visit my grandmother soon too . 
  do n't know the name of the part of the city but it 's all the way up kurudere , close to the hospital there . 
  do you live there ? 
  wow , i finally found someone from salihli on the internet . 
  my family 's from salihli . 
  it is illegal but i 've seen them collecting money on the domplatte , neumarkt in cologne . 
  they use a different name , but display pictures of abdullah \u00d6calan and no one does anything . 
  that 's why some turks accuse european countries of supporting them . 
  if someone would demonstrate with the isis flag people would go apeshit but openly supporting pkk is not raising any eyebrows . 
  in that case i will start supporting al qaida because they fought against american occupation . 
  can we have selanik back ? 
  fuck crimea , but those agean islands on the other hand . . 
  i can already see some erdo\u011fanist moron posting this in a few months in the internet as proof that europeans are trying to kill him . 
  religious kurds usually vote erdo\u011fan , nationalist kurds vote hdp . 
  but do n't let that mislead you , nationalist kurds can be pretty conservative too . 
  what took you so long . 
  i was not aware . 
  but how was is debunked ? 
   this map shows how easily white europeans in europe associate black faces with negative ideas . 
  each country 's colour reflects the average implicit association test ( iat ) score for that country using data from harvard 's project implicit . 
  overall we have scores for 288,076 white europeans , collected between 2002 and 2015 , with sample sizes for each country shown inset . 
  that means that the trans-caspian pipeline is happening . 
  [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trans-caspian_gas_pipeline ) and with israel joining the transanational pipeline europe will soon be able to receive gas from azerbaijan , turkmenistan and israel . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.apa.az/azerbaijan_energy_and_industry/israel-to-join-tanap.html ) very important news if you ask me . 
  kneel , peasants . 
  i 'm fairly certain that the isis rumours are bs . 
  i dont doubt that ahrar alsham was supported , why else would they join a turkish led operation . 
  i guess that al nusra or whatever they are called now was armed by turkey and the coalition at one point since they were fighting assad . 
  but there are no good boys in this civil war , each and everyone does or has done shady things and that goes for all the countries involved and the proxies too . 
  its time for china to step up and do the balancing , sorry russia . 
  every one has armed shitty groups at one point , if interest allign countries or governments do what they think is best . 
  even erdo is not supporting al nusra anymore . 
  i dont know , i liked it . 
  italy or maybe its milan only , has so many places for men to shop . 
  it was like heaven compared to germany where you h&m or zara have closet size men departments . 
  i miss aperitivo too . 
  so by that definition remove cyprus from europe , because it has 0 % on the european ( made up ) continent ? 
  i actually enjoy doing it , also there is nothing to do in office today . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#/media/file:europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_ ( with_borders ) . svg, 
  thats like the shittiest picture of milan i have seen . 
  you 're wrong about the growth being mostly because of the tourism . 
  our economy grew last year which was the worst year in turkish tourism probably with 20 suicide attacks and what else . 
  tourism makes around 10 % of the economy . 
  by that logic everything in turkey somehow supports him and it probably does , but there has to be a better way to hurt him . 
  i mean you 're free to go where ever you want and its up to you and everyone else to do decide how they want to spend their money . 
  i think if you want to target erdogan , than put sanctions on his and his families companies in europe and freeze his accounts or something , instead of hurting ordinary citizens who rely on tourists for their daily bread . 
  who was talking about pride ? 
  i was trying to tell whoever i responded to that one can go to turkey and not fear for his life and that the nazi comparisons are bs . 
  did i say something wrong or did any of that make it sound like i 'm proud of it ? 
  so doing the same is better or what ? 
  i mean call erdogan all you want , but comparing the country to nazi germany in 1938 is just bs . 
  you people are all over dramatic , tourist dont have to fear anything . 
  erdogan needs tourism for the economy , he would be commiting suicide if he arrested ordinary tourist . 
  turkey is still nothing like germany in 1938 . 
  what is it with the nazi comparisons all the time ? 
  where in that picture is aya sofya ? 
  glad i 'm on vacation in september and not earlier . 
  yeah we have been mostly taking care of them pretty good for the last i dont know around 1000 years or so . 
  klaus ioahannis , sounds like the parents were german and greek . 
  and the americans did so too , so what ? 
  what is your point . 
  a country will do what is best in their interest and erdogan and the akp thought it would be best to get rid of assad and armed pretty much everyone in syria . 
  pkk supporters have the audacity to compare their dear leader to mandela . 
  i was going to respond to the czechia-soviet comparison but figured i wait for a czech to respond . 
  ypg was founded by the pkk . 
  are part of the same umbrella group the kck . 
  pkk members move between both groups . 
  if you dont agree and join them , make sure you 're not caught in turkey . 
  or even better dont enter the country . 
  so someone claims turkish soldiers beheaded them , i guess that means it must be true . 
  that genocide you speak about was in iraq though , not syria . 
  should have thought of an exit strategy before they joined them . 
  are you secretly watching turkish stay at home-mom tv ? 
  [ source ] ( https://www.dailysabah.com/life/2017/08/03/turkish-diva-mistaken-for-buddha-at-landmark-kathmandu-temple ), 
  those that were replaced today were appointed by tayeeb and those before them too . 
  this is one of the brighter heads in the government , lately he 's been on somekind of a pr tour doing one interview after the other . 
  let me explain as someone who understands : the finnish airspace is better for the health of the large planes . 
  thats what we tell the greeks too . 
  oh , the remove kebab people are so original . 
  almost as original as the americans making : - turkey ( like the thanksgiving food ) jokes and - istanbul is not constantinople jokes so funny . 
  its okay , i voted for orban .
