  yeah it did , tmg bought it in 2008 . 
  they did used to have some very decent journalism , going where others did n't , but it is more and more a `` willibrord frequin '' these days . 
  in holland you can get anything almost at every decent size supermarket, 
  that 's why i drink 2 litrers of water , but more than that and it gets really annoying . 
  sometimes i just want a little flavour . 
  i really do n't like hot drinks in general , hot chocolate , tea , coffee and also soup . 
   switch to coffee !, 
  this gives me stomach cancer . 
  at least it feels like that . 
  besides it 's fucking disgusting . 
  i 'm 100 % of dutch origins and usually either use imperial or metric depending on the audience . 
  this time i got them mixed up though, 
  about 4l per day i think . 
  about 2 liters water , 1 liter fruitjuice and 1 liter cola . 
  something like that is average i 'd say alcoholic ? 
  none, 
  it does . 
  lol 2 for breakfast , 2 for lunch and a small supper and that 's it . 
  office job gets you fat easy , 
  yep . 
  it is weird somehow ? 
   when did the sick start paying sick taxes ? 
  health insurance . 
   when did students start paying education taxes ? 
  how is this even relevant ? 
  a better educated youth leads to improvements in nearly everything for everyone . 
   also , road taxes probably do n't cover nearly all road spending in any country . 
  it is actually a lot more than is needed to maintain roads , therefore it is used in other ways as well . 
  i 'm a loser baby , so why do n't you kill me . 
   well , how is it ? 
  literally screwing over the younger generation to profit for themselves . 
  this is exactly what happended the last 50 years , and now decent pensions are nowhere to be found . 
   when motorists vote to increase highway spending and taxes because of it , does the constitution protect the ones who do n't use roads we call this road tax , it is paid solely by people who own a vehicle . 
  sure you can , but when people are hiding behind bad excuses , you need to call them out . 
  if that makes someone an asshole , so be it . 
   not capable to control yourself . 
  this is addiction though, 
  do you think ignoring facts is helping ? 
   that 's like , 2 pieces of toast . 
  it 's nothing . 
  that 's lunch or breakfast for me . 
   in reality it 's just as hard to stop gaining weight as it is to quit smoking , or to stop a different addiction . 
  there is a major difference between stopping heroine and stopping smoking for example . 
   or when an aging population votes to increase pensions and taxes because of it , does the constitution protect the young ? 
  no , but that 's not really oppressing anyone . 
  what ? 
  i found you homer simpson !, 
  rip, 
  i really hope it wo n't be , but i 'm afraid a lot of people are ill informed . 
   tarting with tv shows that are n't dubbed , a lot of this is dubbed nowadays . 
  just watch disney xd channel , it makes me want to commit suicide . 
  it 's like 5 voice actors for all the shows . 
  well , you can make it yourself , it is n't very hard  just difficult to get doner i think . 
  lol, 
  both are important . 
  the latter a bit more . 
  you have a point , but the chance to die from a simple bike ride is nearly non existent . 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard of this happening here in holland . 
  do n't say right side !, 
  those smug limey 's response would be : `` while you drive on the right side of the road , we 'll drive on the correct side . '', 
  ooh the humanity . 
  well , let 's wrap ourselves in mattresses while were at it . 
  10 mph vs 75 mph, 
  the mortgage is a debt , it negates the same amount in savings which you in turn do not have to pay taxes for . 
  it does has benefits to have a mortgage , rich people do it as well . 
  26 , i own my own house with my gf since 2.5 years . 
  i 'm from holland . 
  things are pretty chill . 
  not much happening . 
  i 'm going to be a dick . 
   we have non-raping immigrants we have these too ? 
   people in europe people in ukraine , kiev . 
  europe is not a country , it 's a continent and consists of [ many countries and states ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_and_dependent_territories_in_europe ), 
  only allow accounts with ip based in europe, 
  how ? 
  big screen to divide them inside the cockpit ? 
  you have to be real . 
  i 'm aying that your are more unhealthy , but that is a direct result of bad healthcare . 
  healthcare is also the prevention of illness , and to make people aware of their health . 
  healthcare is n't just a doctor 's appointment or a hospital . 
   these are bad comparisons . 
  the us has unhealthier people than all of the countries you selected , in large part because the us has tons of sedentary people who eat garbage for every meal . 
  yeah , we have never heard of mcdonalds over here . 
   if it was n't for the us 's best-in-world healthcare system , our life expectancy would be even lower than it is now . 
  if the countries you listed had a healthcare system as effective as ours , they would have an even better life expectancy . 
  i do n't even know where to start here . 
  holy hell are you that deluded ? 
  `` stabbed in the back '' you mean stood by their election promises ? 
  if anything , the vvd fucked up . 
  you have any idea why the uk government wo n't ask ? 
  it seems so illogical . 
  not because you may not , but because you choose no to . 
  big difference, 
  i cut open the container and use a spoon . 
  too frugal to buy one , 
  the us should n't dare open their mouths about spying practises . 
  unless it is to make amends for their own . 
  to show that things bite you in the arse if you decide hastily . 
  it 's russia , not north korea . 
  good stuff .
