the rapid way the are becoming less and less secular is enough reason as well . 
  religiously lead countries , are n't very good usually . 
  yeah , i figured that could be a touchy subject after i noticed your flair . 
  did n't know that, 
  it works almost everywhere . 
  people usually do n't want to mess with other people who are already pissed and might be looking to start some trouble themselves . 
  just look angry all the time and people wo n't bother you ( as much ) . 
  unless it 's beef jerky . 
  although i 'm not sure you will agree . 
  mongool, 
  yyeah , opel zafira and astra i believe , but not anymore these days . 
  at least i do n't see them . 
  yep , the m3 was for promotional purposes , they did similar things with spyker and a few others . 
  regular is volkswagen touran/golf or volvo xc70, 
  i 'm not blinded by hatred , not at all . 
  if i see something happening , i 'm not afraid to say what is happening . 
  no need to sugarcoat it , because that will only water down the message . 
  it does n't say that . 
   just 44 percent of people surveyed , agreed with the former head of state that islam was part of germany . 
  not *** important *** part . 
  how can you see with your head up your ass ? 
  ... in percentages  i doubt i live in the only street with internet, 
  public release date : 27-feb-2007 [ print | e-mail share share ] [ close window ] contact : hans van dijk j.c.vandijk@tudelft.nl 31-152-785-227 delft university of technology the secret of dutch tapwater unveiled in new textbook the public drinking water supply in the netherlands is one of the best in the world . 
  for this reason there is a lot of international interest in the dutch ` miracle from the tap ' . 
  the recently published textbook ` drinking water -- principles and practices ' unveils the secret of this dutch miracle . 
  in the netherlands we take it for granted that our drinking water is safe and tastes well . 
  but in most countries , tap water is used to flush the toilet only , and not for drinking . 
  bottled water or in - house filters for purifying tap water are used instead . 
  even though the use of bottled water and in-house filters is expensive and not environmentally-friendly , people often choose this practice because of the mediocre quality of the tap water and the taste of chlorine . 
  the dutch government and drinking water authorities have always made public health their first priority . 
  this has led to the ground-breaking innovation , namely high quality drinking water that is soft , has a good taste , and is distributed without chlorine . 
  the dutch drinking water supply also distinguishes itself in other respects : it has the lowest leakage in the world and is supplied at all times with a very high reliability . 
  the principles and practices of the dutch drinking water supply which have led the dutch to actually drink tap water and not use filters or bottled water are presented in the textbook . 
  the need for an english publication stems from the international interest in the unique dutch approach and the desire to follow the dutch example . 
  ### information title : ` drinking water - principles and practices ' authors : p.j. 
  verberk and j.c. van dijk ( drinking water supply section , faculty of civil engineering and geosciences , delft university of technology ) publisher : world scientific publishers co. . pte. 
  ltd. , singapore , 2006 isbn 981-256-836-0 / 978-981-256-836-6 order through the regular bookstores or through the sanitary engineering web shop website : www.drinkwater.tudelft.nl . 
  the price of the book through the web shop is $ 50 . 
  you are not . 
  never did i say this , you assume this . 
  because the us `` forced '' us into conflict , like you assume we will force the us into conflict . 
   what are you stating ? 
  that if russia somehow goes to war with a nato country that we 'll go to war as well ? 
  i was saying that putting us soldiers close to the russian border is provocative and is n't advisable . 
  no need for us intervention against the rebels if we do it ourselves , it will be seen as less of a provocation from the `` west '' . 
  we can handle this , we wo n't go to war with russia , because it 's not needed . 
  i said somehwere else that it would be very stupid for us soldiers to go that close to the russian border . 
  this can only be seen as a provocation . 
  i just stated something , not asking for help, 
  we did n't want anything to do with afghanistan or iraq . 
  it 's not your choice . 
  that 's the point of an alliance . 
  of course . 
  it 's just asking for trouble to sent american soldiers that close to the russian border . 
  the dutch will be represented fairly well . 
  i think about 75 % e class 25 % s class if i 'd have to guess, 
  by far most taxis in holland are mercedes e class or s class . 
  they 're considered old people 's cars or taxi 's . 
  unless it 's a new amg , it 's crap, 
  my morals are n't hurting people . 
  you are against using your brain ? 
  it is the only way . 
  unless you want to live in a dictatorship . 
  if people impose their morals on others , then yes , i got a problem with that . 
  lol . 
  never ever will i drive on your terrible roads again . 
  rather take a detour through germany . 
  27km/17miles and between 50-150meters or 150-500ft in the ground . 
  fucking breathtaking seeing it . 
  is een provinciegat, 
  unless you count all the drunken fights and `` accidents '', 
   unfortunately , she has a condition where all her kids are retards ... :( well fuck you too !, 
  ;p good one . 
  yeah , she works in a center for mentally handicapped actually on thursdays hahhaa . 
  aw yiss ! 1 i 'm gon na be famous !, 
  i love you mom !, 
  dutch people are usually `` recht voor je raap '' and belgian people are n't . 
  that is probably why you see it as loud or arrogant . 
  we just do n't like bullshitting . 
  until they start speaking . 
  then it 's just gibberish, 
   if meaning a hypothetical situation . 
  i do not condone killing , although there are exceptions in case of self defense or defense of weaker ones . 
   it 's a group with the only purpose to spend a short time somewhere to carry criminal activities and get out on time to exploit a juridical loophole . 
  boom !, 
  that 's the point . 
  nobody cares if someone is roma , people hate the traveling roma that are criminals , the gypsies . 
  gypsie is a subdivision of roma sort of speak . 
  gypsies are the travelling bunch , these are very often criminal . 
   if you dropped this at the beginning of your quote , which completely alters the sentence, 
  we are not discriminating , we are trying to keep the criminals away . 
  90 % of gypsies are regular `` normal '' people who have jobs and own homes . 
  these people are n't considered gypsies anymore , since they are n't traveling . 
  it 's really just the bad seeds like these thieving fuckers , which are still very much considered gypsies . 
  do n't forget it works both ways . 
  people should adjust themselves and their lifestyle accordingly to the region they are living . 
  i 'm not asking to assimilate but adjusting to their new living area . 
  i 'm not saying they are all like this ya dingus . 
  nos is shit . 
  left oriented and often missing big issues,
