  you make a good point : there may well be some good reasons why `` returning to the pre-crisis level of gdp '' is not the right goal for right now . 
  but there is similarly compelling evidence that austerity is n't leading to a healthy economy in latvia if you look at * employment * , as krugman does [ here ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/01/02/latvia-once-again/ ) . 
  even if there were some kind of unsustainable boom going on before the crisis , latvia 's employment level is still probably over 10 % below what it would have been 5 years ago without the boom . 
  that tempers my enthusiasm for saying `` look at the great growth number for latvia this year '' since the economy is still so far below its potential . 
  i think it 's important to be careful about what the point that yglesias and krugman are trying to make really is . 
  it is * not * that latvia has nothing good about it , or that latvia had lots of other great options that would have worked better . 
  maybe latvia 's economy is doing the best it could have done under the circumstances ( especially considering the * strategic * importance of doing everything necessary to join the eu ) . 
  the point is that american and eu commentators who say `` look at latvia 's good growth number this year ; this shows that austerity works and we should do it in our country too '' are wrong , for two reasons . 
  first , latvia 's good growth numbers for this year do n't change the fact that it 's economy is still very depressed , so it 's a strange measure of `` success '' for everyone else to aspire to . 
  second , the usa and the uk ( and to a lesser extent countries on the euro ) probably have better options that latvia may not have had when it chose austerity . 
  you 're changing the subject , broadening it to people dying `` because of religion . '', 
  and you 're right , lots of people have died because of religion , but also because of ideology ( e.g. 
  communism ) and so forth . 
  what i 'm saying is that people do n't beat their kids to death because of religion , they do it because they 're crazy ( not in control of their emotions , have unresolved trauma , whatever ) . 
  crazy people * think * they have a reason for doing something like that ( in this case something about memorizing koran verses ) , but they really do n't ; they 're just justifying what their emotions instruct/allow them to do . 
  and if she had said it was about aliens ? 
  people who beat their kids to death do not actually have a logical reason to do so , even if they think they do . 
  this story is n't about religion , it 's about beating your kid . 
  if a woman beat her son to death because he did n't clean his room , we would n't be questioning cleanliness . 
  `` healthy '' and `` not fat '' are related but not identical . 
  maybe they 're less fat because they smoke more cigarettes ? 
  or maybe they really are healthier as well as thinner , but i thought i 'd bring this up anyway . 
  that exists on a small scale in the usa too . 
  our income tax code has an implied `` marriage penalty '' that rewards not being married . 
  but no one really changes their behavior over it . 
  the poor also sometimes get more welfare payments if the father is not living with the family . 
  ( this varies because the details of such programs are run by the state governments . ), 
  this has a big effect on people 's behavior ( or at least what they claim on the forms ) . 
  finland is in a currency union with other countries whose economies are doing better ( germany , france ) . 
  as a result , its central bank ( the ecb ) is pursuing monetary policy that is inappropriately tight for finland 's economy . 
  this is 90 % or more of the problem with the economy right now . 
  if they had their own currency , they would be doing more monetary stimulus and devaluing , making exports more competitive . 
  unemployment would be way , way lower . 
  this is the downside of the euro : you can not control your macroeconomic policy very well . 
  but hey , at least they probably wo n't be conquered by russia !, 
  agreed . 
  furthermore , you bring up a good point when you say :  people seem to use a `` moral '' argument to that effect , saying that `` well , if we give the piigs an easy way out they will not have an incentive to reform '' ... 
  think about what this implies . 
  the ecb * says * that their only job is price stability , and it 's not their job to lower unemployment . 
  but * then * they go on to manipulate the * democratically elected governments * of eu countries into choosing economic policies that they think are sound . 
  so on one hand they try to say they have a very narrow set of things that they are properly concerned with , then on the other hand they secretly think it 's their job to run the entire eu tapestry of national economic policies . 
  who cares ? 
  the important thing is that inflation expectations are stable . 
  right ecb ? 
  to some extent just about everyone behaves stupidly when it comes to trade issues . 
  doubly so when it comes to trade of food . 
  the only thing that could make this funnier is if they destroyed the fish using weapons bought from a national champion defense contractor !, 
  these [ ny times ] ( http://dealbook.nytimes.com/2010/04/28/german-banks-have-big-investment-in-greece/ ) and [ wall street journal ] ( http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424052748703798904575069712153415820.html ) articles are typical of what i 've read over the years . 
  it is probably in their own narrow financial interest to do so at least during the crisis . 
  much of the money is owed to french and german banks and pensioners . 
  a default might cause bigger problems for germany than continued loans . 
  anyway , i think this is mostly a problem for the ecb to solve . 
  then , once there is no longer an imminent crisis ( 10 years from now ? 
  ) , the north and the south should break up the single currency area from a position of strength . 
  i 'm sure it 's not that easy , but if i had to come up with a plan on the spot , that 's my answer . 
  i agree that the core wo n't agree to this plan . 
  much easier for them to just let greece and spain suffer . 
  yes , but only because the following things are true about the us that are not true of the euro zone : * relatively high labor mobility , as language and cultural barriers are smaller within the us than within europe . 
  * persistent transfers between us states . 
  many states , like mississippi permanently receive more than they pay in taxes , while others , like new jersey , receive less . 
  the productive states subsidize the less productive ones to some extent . 
  * much more policy is directed at the federal level than at the state level . 
  federal spending is [ 20-22 % of gdp , while state and local spending combined is around 13 % of gdp ] ( http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/graph/?g=bdj ) . 
  for example , we have a single , unified old-age-pension system paid for by the whole country rather than at the state level , which helps avoid any individual state getting into too much trouble . 
  * we have a central bank that officially cares somewhat about both inflation and unemployment . 
  the ecb seems to be focused exclusively on inflation . 
  this may lead to persistently high unemployment in some areas . 
  even still , we have problems that come from our single currency . 
  i would argue that the economic problems of our industrial [ `` rust belt '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rust_belt ) states like indiana and ohio would be greatly helped if the region ( which has about 50 million people , more than spain ) had its own currency that could have been devalued against the currencies of the booming coasts . 
  i 'm making a distinction between different kinds of `` deficits . '', 
  national government deficits are mostly like credit card debt : revenue has fallen short of expenditures , so let 's make up the difference with debt . 
  state government `` deficits '' are mostly like a family borrowing money to buy a durable good like a car . 
  states mostly do long-term borrowing carefully , and associated with specific spending on assets . 
  the reality is more grey though . 
  budget shortfalls are met with a mix of spending cuts , tax hikes , * and * tricks that are truly like credit-card-type deficits , such as increasing long-term liabilities of pension funds , abusing some short-term borrowing authority meant for other purposes , etc. 
  in that sense , you 're right , it 's not strictly true that they * ca n't * run deficits . 
  and some states ( like illinois ) have truly gotten themselves in trouble with unfunded liabilities that have nothing to do with bonds . 
  nevertheless , compared to national governments , `` states ca n't run deficits '' is a decent first-order approximation of how state governments will react to a down-turn . 
  most states have a `` balanced budget '' requirement , requiring that revenues match revenues . 
  in any given year they can get around this ( `` run a deficit '' ) by playing tricks with accounting rules , spending down reserves , and things like that . 
  they can also issue long-term debt , with restrictions that vary by state . 
  in michigan , where i 'm from , we can issue debt only with a plan that is first put on a statewide ballot ( with an explanation of what the borrowed money can legally be used for ) by a vote of the legislature , then approved by the voters directly . 
  this process takes a long time to happen , often over a year . 
  this is very different than what we think of as `` budget deficits '' by countries . 
  it 's true that states could accumulate too much debt , but it will generally be debt approved by the voters directly through a separate process , and the money ca n't be just used for general government unless voters approved that too . 
  in practice , us states have not run persistent deficits like countries do . 
  they have been running austerity programs . 
  state and local government sector spending has fallen by about 0.7 % of potential gdp since the crisis started . 
   it is not merkel 's , germany 's or the eu 's fault greece got into trouble . 
  parts of the problem that are germany 's or the eu 's fault : * setting up a single currency area that includes economies too different to work together . 
  * pumping vast amounts of money into greek banks and greek sovereign debt , causing massive wage inflation in greece . 
  this involved private action ( private banks ) and public action ( the low risk premium on greek public debt showed the market believed there was an implicit bailout guarantee , which the eu did not dispel forcefully enough ) . 
  * monetary policy to suit the core but not the periphery ( easy money when germany needed it , tighter-than-needed money when greece needs easy money ) . 
  * insisting on tax hikes and spending cuts when they will not shorten the crisis and are therefore economically pointless . 
  ( their purpose is moral , not economic , in my opinion . ), 
  parts of the problem that are greece 's fault : * deciding to join the euro . 
  * reacting to the economic boom by immediately spending all the new money on permanent , hard-to-reverse spending promises . 
  * reacting to low interest rates by borrowing way more . 
  what they should have done is run a very big fiscal surplus to try to counteract the huge capital inflow . 
  spain did this to some extent , but not enough .
