and rise everywere else , that 's a transfer , not a creation , the economy is global now . 
  hey do n't associate our favorite food with that fourrage guy . 
  best theory as of tonight is that the plane crashed because of a sudden thunderstorm in his flight path . 
  moments before the plane was lost on radar the pilot asked to change route because of extreme weather . 
  the plane had been controlled for technical issues 6 month prior in marseille and was found to be in very good state . 
  sudden thunderstorms are common in the area in this season and the pilot knew before taking off that there was storms in the area , but it is the role of the pilots to determine the flight path once they are in flight because no acccurate enough data can be brought up fast enough to predict the apearances of the clouds responsible for the turbulences at those altitudes . 
  2 mirage 2000 flew above the crash zone all day to locate the remnants of the plane but the zone is as large as 1,5 times the size of france so they found nothing . 
  tonight 2 helicopters and a c-130 are going to continue the search . 
  all french military assets present in the area as been asked to join the effort . 
  there are 2 french military bases in mali , namely one in gao , at the limit of the suspected crash zone . 
  there are bases in niamey ( from which the mirage 2000 took off ) and ndjamena . 
  source : french minister to foreign relations in the t.v journal an hour ago . 
  i agree with you . 
  all of this is just very sad . 
   ah well there we go again then with the just following orders crap . 
  i do not think it 's `` following orders '' , it is more `` do what is needed '' . 
   the survival of france would probably be aided by a ) not alienating every ally it has , and b ) not arming it 's most likely serious adversary within the next century . 
  all of this is debatable , we are not `` alienating '' our allys , but more trying to not make new ennemy , it is not against any country , it is more `` business as usual '' if you see what i mean . 
   b ) not arming it 's most likely serious adversary within the next century . 
  that 's the one i 'm most afraid of , and i guess you 're kinda right about that . 
  but i guess our economic counselor and military strategist and consellor and all those ( hopefully ) very intelligent people decided that the distant risk of a maybe covered in if was outwheighted by the immediate , short-term and middle-term economic fallout of that decision . 
  but i do not know nearly enough about that to make a call . 
  yes wrong is wrong , but geopolitic is not about right or wrong . 
  it is about interests and ultimately survival of your country . 
  i have already said that i did not liked it , but i can see the benefits of it , both monetary and political . 
  yes the healthy profit is nice , a ship we sell is one more ship we can build for ourselves !, 
  and there a saying in france that says that you do not spit on money . 
    you can disagree to a contract , you can not disagree to an order . 
   you can disagree to both !, 
  christ , a frenchman should have enough historical grounding to know that . 
  i 'll expand a bit more on that : i was thinking before the contract is * signed * or the order is * issued * . 
  a contract is agreed by both parties before his application , if you do not agree with it you do not sign it and nothing else happens . 
  an order on the other hand is issued to you and you are ( at least ) expected to execute it on the spot , if you do not you are in for a lot of bullshit from your * superior * who * issued * the order to you . 
  you can not do it but then you end up like edward snowden !, 
  haha ** tl : dr : ** i plead guilty of everything you said . 
  well i 'm sorry but now i have to go eat , the meal is ready and a frenchman should have enough historical grounding to know that he can not make his meal wait . 
  if you answer i 'll make sure to come back after my dinner to answer as well , the discussion as been very interesting so far !, 
  and we just won a world cup match !, 
  so take that england !, 
  not doing business with them would cost us more than doing business with them . 
  may i remember you that russian gas is desperatly needed in eastern europe ? 
  they have gone has far as [ blowing a pipeline up in ukraine just to put it back in our mind ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jun/17/ukraine-gas-pipeline-explosion ) ( come-on !, 
  tell me it was n't them ! ) . 
  russia is still and will stay a valued economic partner for europe as long as they are needed , our interest diverge ( just as our interest sometimes diverge from the american ones , or the german ones ! ), 
  but we still need each others enough to justify not going completly crazy and throwing anything in any fire . 
   right , no matter what . 
  you swear an oath , you follow orders , you swore an oath , you do what you 're told , you put the jews in the oven , you do what you 're told . 
  you must . 
  orders . 
  contracts . 
  orders . 
  you can disagree to a contract , you can not disagree to an order . 
  and what the fuck man !, 
  you can not run around telling people their nazis !, 
  that 's not an argument !, 
  a contract is a contract , you make a contract , you do the contract and you deliver the object of the contract . 
  who in their right mind would do business with someone who does not respect his contract ? 
  i 'm not happy to sell weapon to russia obviously , i do not like'em either . 
  that is exactly , word for word , what i said to him yesterday . 
  he did n't go vote , nor did his parents , nor did his brother . 
  because we need to be together if we want to resist the economical pressure of the other `` superpuissance '' ( china , india , us , russia ) . 
  we can be a superpuissance too , and we kinda already are , but only if we stick together . 
  on the case of contries inside the eu having their own money , well generally their value is never too far from the euro which limits the effect i believe , and everyone having the same money helps with trading too , so it goes towards that goal of a `` european superpuissance '' . 
   many average people just are not concerned in france this . 
  yesterday i spent a hour and a half trying to convince a friend to go vote . 
  he kept telling me that it would do nothing for him , that it 's a loss of time , and that all politicians are stupid , corrupt and powerless over the economic situation . 
  he did n't go vote today . 
  and when i see those results , i feel disgusted and sad . 
  sorry europe , i tried ... 
  the guy wants a moustache . 
  yeah deep philosophical stuff happening there . 
  do n't worry , between males a good ` old fashionned handshake will do just fine , however the kiss on each cheek is mandatory between men and women ( because obviously way better ) . 
  i 'll go with northern italy then !, 
  amiright ? 
  amiright ? 
  a translation for feel in french ? 
  you have ` sentiment ' : j' ai le sentiment = i got the feeling but it is for the whole concept of feelings , like love or anger , and as nothing to do with sensation , like touching ( toucher ) to say ` it feels good ' you must modify the structure of the sentence and it gives ' sa me fait du bien ' , which does n't use ` feel ' , only ` do ' ( faire ) and ` good ' ( bien ) . 
  but i 'm no linguist , and i 'm not sure if my english is enough to really explain those things clearly . 
  it 's a bit much to say that somehow , `` france '' is saying that ( whoever that guy is ) . 
  the article just says that a commision to the foreign affairs ministry found that the deficit to recover this year was the same as the cost of the external operations ( and external only ) of the french army . 
  so the defence minister wanted to have a debate over wheter or not to count those in the deficit in the first place because last time he asked for military help to the eu he had to rent a plane to the americans and pay for the african desert trekking alone , and now its biting him in the butt because he is still paying . 
  so he goes to the finance minister who just goes `` meh '' and tells him that anyway , it was n't a realistic idea . 
  defence minister ended up saying in a press conference that `` the burden of european security was not equitably shared '' and `` nato countries engaged themselfs to spend 2 % of their budged on defence and most european nations are very far from that '' and that he considered the debate over wheter or not to count the cost of the external operations in the deficit to be a legitimate one . 
  furthermore the vice-president of the commision to the foreign affairs ministry said `` the difference in military spending between france and germany is 1 % of budget , or 20 bln $ . 
  that is exactly the amount of money that is separating us from respecting our financial agreements with the eu , that is not only the external operations that we need to write off the calculation , but at least all of that '' . 
  so the debate is a bit more complicated than just `` france is being an irresponsible arrogant bastard again ! '', 
  like what i see in this thread . 
  there is a discussion about it in france , and while everyone agrees that it would be a good thing for us , it has been said that it is not realistic . 
  there will surely be a debate about military spending in europe soon with the talks about an eu-wide army . 
  meanwhile france is one of the only european country that does anything outside europe about anyone 's security , so while saying `` we pay for the security of europe '' is partially wrong ( and it is arrogant ) , france does pays for something , and it is respecting an engagement in doing so . 
  hey maybe ? 
  i just took the numbers for the f-22 from wiki , and i do n't know the details of the deals with india or the netherlands . 
  the f-35 definitly is a better hunter than rafale , its faster , stealthyier , as maneuverable but can carry a little less total weight ( 7 t vs 10t ) , and that 's were the rafale shined against the f-22 too , in its role as a bomber , which it has always acomplished formidably well until now . 
  not really comparable ? 
  price range is definitly not the same , [ rafale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dassault_rafale ) is 80 million $ at most while [ f-22 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockheed_martin_f-22_raptor ) is 150 million $ . 
  role is not the same because the f-22 is made to be very stealthy , with internal missile bays.size is not the same with the f-22 being 2x heavier but they both have the same carrying capacity of 10t , but thats with putting bombs on the f-22 's wings , thus negating its stealth advantage ... but the f-22 is way faster ... in a straight 1v1 situation the f-22 would win ( [ almost !, 
  ] ( https://theaviationist.com/2013/06/19/f-22-shot-down-by-rafale/ ) ) everytime . 
  but its construction was halted some years ago because the american congress thought it was too expensive for the missions the american air force actually needed to do . 
  both are wonderful aircrafts , the f-22 is just not needed today . 
  the us did not use batteries they used [ rtgs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radioisotope_thermoelectric_generator ) !,
