  pasta by itself is a culinary nothing , even great pasta . 
  pasta lives through the sauce and if someone loves ketchup , goddamn let them put ketchup on your boring ass pasta . 
  you mean besides the 1 billion potential people in china . 
  another 800 million in the eu , canada and assorted nations . 
  terrible . 
  `` our '' . 
  like you get to be part of the decision making process . 
   even if romania gets fucked in the process . 
  how would romania `` get fucked '' in the process ? 
  how would romania be worse off ? 
  the answer is : not at all . 
  so take your idiotic rhetorics out of here and make one good argument how romania is not just fucking up things for everyone out of spite . 
  you are correct you retarded island monkey . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  romania has made zero contributions to the community it is now trying to hold hostage for further `` personal '' gain . 
  the difference being that romania is about to fuck it up for the whole eu which clearly demonstrates that they do n't give a fuck about contributing to the eu and just use it to their advantage even if it means damaging every other member of the eu . 
  it 's the behavior of a spoiled little brat . 
  nice ad hominem there you fucking cunt . 
  because canada is a goddamn sovereign nation and can set their immigration policy as they damn well please . 
  abusing their veto right to blackmail canada into doing something it does n't wan na do is fucking ridiculous . 
  they have the same rights ** within the eu ** and if they want visa requirements waived they should show canada why that would be beneficial or ask other eu members to lobby for them . 
  holding a trade-deal hostage is an asshole move which hopefully makes everyone else less likely to grant them favors in the future . 
  so you let a minor stay , now what ? 
  you either have to let their legal guardians stay or you have to assign a new legal guardian or you have to emancipate that minor in which case they are no longer considered a minor in the eyes of the law and can be deported . 
  are those burnt ? 
  in his opinion because we have different priorities i assume . 
  the cause of this exchange is in fact myopia . 
  however it 's not mine it 's yours . 
  sure an immediate solution sounds good for the environment but the ecological damage done by delaying it the cap by 4 years is non-significant . 
  the economic damage done by hastening the process would be very significant however and it needs to be taken into account . 
  if you do n't want people to think that the us has a monopoly on retardation , why do you keep making comments which allow no other conclusion but the one that you have a greatly diminished mental capacity ? 
  no thank you . 
  if you could summarize that 'd be nice , otherwise i 'll just deduce from the title that he thinks the type of argument i use is flawed and disagree with what he has to say anyway . 
  not really , i just decided to respond on the same level you start talking to me . 
  i took a look at your post history and figured out that you are either a troll or an idiot before i even responded . 
  i am guessing troll ? 
  but just because i do n't believe people can be as moronic as you without doing it deliberately . 
  i wish that guy was n't annoying as shit so i could actually watch the videos when they are being linked . 
  what a great contribution you fucking asshole . 
  i do n't give a fuck about the donation , i think merkel was right to lobby to have the cap delayed . 
  german car exports make up more than 9 % of our total exports , they are vital to germanys economic stability . 
  right now the top of the line models of german car manufacturers have emissions of 240g/km with the big engines . 
  expecting them to cut that down by 60 % within 7 years is ridiculous . 
  that regulation would have severely destabilized the german economy and through that the economy of the eu . 
  protecting the enviroment is all fine and dandy but not when it is such an insignificant change in the global emission of co2 at the potential cost of thousands of jobs . 
  it is much more than that . 
  no one really expect a crisis to last forever . 
  keeping your employees means all your employees are still familiar with all the processes , the machinery and everything else that comes with having a job . 
  once demand picks up again you do n't have to go and train or retrain new people . 
  you can just give the people more work to do . 
  this means the german economy can react to market changes much more rapidly than other countries which is a key advantage . 
  if your country is going to pay unemployment/welfare/whatever anyway they might as well pay to keep the whole thing running instead of maybe paying a little less but crippling the industry . 
  it also prevent desparation in the people who are affected since they still have a job , they still get paid , they still have their self-esteem . 
  since desparation is very much contagious it is important to keep it at bay . 
  how about some anschluss ? 
  they are almost germans !, 
  i do n't know how it is at other schools or in different cities but when i discussed wwii in school basically everything the nazis did was considered atrocious war crimes and the war crimes committed by the allies are either only mentioned in passing ( such as the mass rape or looting ) or presented like they were understandable or `` justified '' ( such as the firebombing of dresden or the killing of german pows or the nuclear bombings ) . 
  i disagree . 
  that 's not her name and she should n't have to spell it that way if she does n't want to . 
  if you had said government papers should have an additional field for a transliteration i would agree with you . 
  should parents be able to name their ( german ) children sm\u00f8rrebr\u00f8d or something like that ? 
  probably not , but at a relatively early age your name becomes a very big part of your identity and you should not have to change it for the convenience of others . 
  no , why ? 
  well ... how about we just set up tons of fmri machines and show them a variety of pictures that would be sexually arousing to heterosexuals or homosexuals and if they show patterns of sexual arousal with pictures of the same sex we assume they are homosexual . 
  we could also do a kind of polygraph to measure physiological responses but it 's well know that those methods are easily tricked . 
  i do n't find this worrying . 
  chances are they are not coming back , which just means france got a little better . 
  the difference is bureaucracy and the overhead generated by it . 
  if all they have to do is get your bank info once and then just pay the money there is very little for real people to do and most shit can be automated . 
  with unemployment and pension and disability and what have you , there is a lot of checking going on . 
  do you have a doctors report stating that you are unfit to work , is that doctor real , do are you trying to collect two benefits which are not compatible , to which degree are you unfit to work and so on . 
  with a basic income it 's just `` are you 18 ? 
  here is your money ! '', 
  i am not speaking for germany . 
  otherwise i would have said `` please israel , i am so sorry , please fuck me in the ass at your leisure , please do n't call me a nazi . '', 
  probably has something to do with the region . 
  jews and muslims are so alike in their barbaric ideology i do n't understand why they do n't get along . 
  no sympathy from me . 
  greenpeace are a bunch of assholes . 
  i do n't think she has a problem with people waving the flag . 
  it seems like more of a humble gesture . 
  why would greece want to leave the eu ? 
  right now they know the eu will keep the money coming , once they leave they ca n't be certain of anything . 
  the uk is still pretty well off and they want to get out before the eu fucks them . 
  it 's not the friend zone . 
  it 's more akin to a `` we ca n't live with you until you went to rehab '' - situation . 
  turkey knows exactly what they have to do if they want in and there is no stalling going on . 
  i should have used `` ridiculous '' instead of `` shitty '' . 
  i think that most of their ideas are completely out of touch with reality . 
  i get it from the bundestag livefeed i watch occasionally . 
  everytime i watch it and die linke has something to say i know it 's going to be hilarious . 
  it 's just fun to watch how all the other partys unite and rip their shitty proposals apart . 
  because when you associate with fanatic idiots ( die linke ) you will be seen as an enabler of fanatic idiots and usually the people who enable fanatic idiots are fanatic idiots themselves or at the very least idiots . 
  did you not mean fortunately ? 
   given the fact that we 've already funded them lavishly for half a century , it 'll likely wo n't change this generation . 
  because we have n't made any progress in any related area . 
  we can not adhere to tight manufacturing tolerances more reliably . 
  we did not make any advancements in material sciences . 
  it 's not like we discovered high-temperature superconductors just 25 years ago . 
  clearly it was funded `` lavishly '' with the us as the biggest contributor spending on average less than half a billion a year while intel alone spends 10 billions a year in semiconductor research .
