  stealing cheap items from a supermarket ( like teenagers do to prove how cool they are ) should not ever be a reason for deportation . 
  that is a shit quality of life however and i would rather be dead . 
  yeah , but you can live without eyesight if you can hear well and you can live without hearing if you can see well . 
  but if both of your most important senses are killed you are basically being submitted to sensory deprivation torture by the universe . 
  germany . 
  always good for a plottwist . 
  and if they do that , where then will i get my counterfeit money ? 
  if you say that again i will strangle you with a black , red and gold scarf . 
  you are being discussed because ufrustratedbro cited [ your post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/15g2au/the_rise_of_ukraines_ultranationalists/c7m9gub ) as evidence of immigrants treating women like trophies and uses that to make the claim that integration courses should teach immigrants that women are real people too . 
  i thought `` hey lets check that alleged trophy hunter immigrant out '' , so i did and i figured that what ufrustratedbro said had no basis in reality . 
  i proceeded to present the evidence to support my claim that he is a fucking idiot . 
  you mean the post by onlyalevel2druid  as an immigrant marrying an ethnic german : neener neener neener the same onlyalevel2druid that submitted the post  my ** boyfriend ** left some oj out unrefrigerated for an indeterminate amount of time . 
  the same guy ( ? ), 
  obviously who is marrying another guy is somehow not treating women like real people . 
  alrighty then . 
  further investigation ( also known as scrolling down ) yielded this result for onlyalevel2druid as well :  my very own ladyboner , my boyfriend ( i.imgur.com ) so ... you are an idiot . 
  that 's stupid . 
  norwegians are not taught to shoot random people and they all showed solidarity with the victims . 
  muslims however are often taught that women have less rights and are subordinate to men . 
  they are also taught that to achieve this , different types of punishment are appropriate ( locking them up , slapping them , beating them and it the worst cases killing them ) . 
  also being a muslim is a choice you can make and anyone who willingly converts to islam is very suspect to me . 
  both of you are . 
  all of them . 
  you misspelled `` an idiot '' . 
  well first we could ban killing people . 
  try keeping your aggression in check my friend . 
  i am very sorry but i have more important stuff to do than attending to the national politics of a minor political player . 
  yes but `` certain members of an opposition party in poland , you so silly '' just does n't have the same ring to it . 
  oh poland , you so silly . 
  please ... hamburg is a way better model region with a gdp per capita that 's like 80 % more than that of bavaria . 
  that was more a `` i 'll keep you in my basement and rape you when i feel like it '' type of relationship though . 
  i was thinking more of an adoption . 
  i say you all join germany . 
  even bavaria . 
  of course not . 
  the british love themselves a good empire . 
  if this comes up i will campaign for that language to be german . 
  because i do n't speak english at all and i would be tough to learn a new language at my age . 
  when you give them chance after chance to be your friend and they keep on fucking around like the stupid little assholes they are , they have to be nuked . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  i tried it once because i only had olive oil . 
  almost fucking threw up . 
  who cares . 
  be angry somewhere else . 
  did you know that making mayonaise from olive oil results in the most disgusting pile of shit anyone in the history of the world has ever tasted ? 
  ohhh ... rematch !, 
  of all these cars the taxi seems least maintained/safe . 
  plus the driver seems least trustworthy . 
  i do n't know why anyone would not want to be driven home by police . 
  well . 
  i think the guy in the mercedes is a good choice . 
  you know . 
  the small mercedes which does n't make headsplitting noises the whole way . 
  even if we accept that idiotic premise , do you know whether the guys who were attacked are professional ( paid ) or volunteer ( unpaid ) firefighters ? 
  but let 's discuss the premise : do you think a trained firefighter in his prime is going to have much of a problem getting a much higher paid and less dangerous job somewhere else ? 
  if there is one thing i learned by dropping out of uni it 's that unless you are applying for a specialist position nobody gives a fuck about your resume or specific experience , they care about your personality traits and if there is a group of people who combine bravery with reason , discipline with the ability to improvise , physical and cognitive fitness it 's firefighters . 
  do you see swathes of firefighters exploiting this , switching jobs after a few years ? 
  do you see anyone going into firefighting because that 's an easy way to make money ? 
  i am asking for violent criminals who physically attack the kind of person who selflessly endangers their life and health to help others to be punished . 
  i get the attacks on cops , i do n't condone them and i think the people who attack them with rocks should receive extended prison sentences . 
  what possible justification could you have to attack non-police emergency personell with rocks ? 
  those people are not wearing body armor , their helmets are not designed to protect against intentionally thrown projectiles . 
  every time they throw a rock at someone who is not in full turtle gear that should be considered attempted murder . 
  well i would n't actually want that to be done by anyone in any official capacity but if they were to be in a prison and it somehow caught fire and they all died i would not mourn a single one of them . 
   the protestors attacked the fire brigade and the tram with stones as well . 
  fucking low lifes . 
  but i guess since the fire brigade is paid by taxes which are collected due to a capitalist system it 's fair game to attack them . 
  this shit is ridiculous and anyone participating in these violent activities should be put on trial and convicted of attempted murder or arson ( which basically carries the same penalties ) or assault with a dangerous weapon . 
  fucking put them in prison and set it on fire . 
  once you get rid of erdogan and become a democratic state again , maybe . 
  time to unsubscribe ... what a bunch of stupid shitposts . 
  * than, 
  it is . 
  and a well deserved one . 
  well . . good luck with that i guess . 
  and i disagree with that . 
  if i do n't like a book and i do n't want to support the message of the book i am under no moral or ethical obligation to pass it on to someone instead of destroying it . 
  the only time i 'd agree with your sentiment is if the book was rare or had historical value . 
  if for example i found some rare manuscript of `` mein kampf '' with hitlers personal notes or i 'd agree that i should probably pass it on to someone who cares enough to read it and maybe scan it and make it publicly available . 
  if i have a copy of `` we should all be feminists '' because some organization wants to manipulate my ideology i feel like ripping or burning it to display my dismay with the attempt of manipulation is perfectly within reason . 
  same idea if someone hands me a bible or the qu ` ran or a freshly printed copy of `` mein kampf '' . 
  unless you are systematically destroying all copies of certain books i think you are completely right to destroy books you think are boring or otherwise shitty . 
  it 's all good , you 'll hate us even more when we make all the refugees brew beer and it 's even cheaper than it 's in your country . 
  there is no big deal . 
  your comment made it seem like you were angry at elon musk for rightfully telling everyone that their rockets are shit, 
  you are trying to get into a fight huh ? 
  that would probably still mean using the spacex rocket . 
  well , if brits stopped being delusional about their importance ( or lack thereof ) in the progress of the eu and talked to the rest of europe on eye level , that opinion would change . 
  probably not the one about the food but meh . 
  everyone thinks german food sucks but people still respect the involvement with the eu . 
  the psychopaths already have guns . 
  it would take me about 1 day and 2000 $ to get a gun illegaly . 
  i am not doing that because if i get into an altercation and i pull my gun , i will have jail time coming whether it 's self-defense or not and whether i would have been killed otherwise or not . 
  which is why i always carry a knife . 
  if someone tries to beat me i will stab them . 
  also a reason i think gun control is a little too tight in germany . 
  yes . 
  lets make regulations and laws to prohibit people from being materialistic . 
  what are you ? 
  some kind of hippie ?
