  i like you . 
  good thinking with the wall . 
  asylum seekers are not included . 
  i should have mentionend that this is for people who receive unemployment benefits so people who are legally and physically able to work . 
  well do you see all the other nationalities there ? 
  welfare . 
  i think [ this statistic ] ( http://www.hartz-iv.info/news/2010/11/25/hartz-iv-anteil-bei-auslaendern-dramatisch-hoch/ ) speaks for itself . 
  staatsangeh\u00f6rigkeit = citizenship / country of origin alle in deutschland lebend = total number living in germany davon auf hartz iv angewiesen = total number requiring welfare anteil = percentage so 90 % or 33.424 of the 36.960 people with lebanese citizenship receive welfare payments . 
  this statisic does not take into account those immigrants who were already granted citizenship . 
  and we are upset about this incident from 2006 today becauuuuse ... 
  it always depends on the quality as well . 
  a good sauerkraut will be `` okay '' on it 's own but sometimes and for people who do n't like it too sour you will have to take that edge off , so it becomes a more pleasant sourness . 
  and some very cheap brands ship their sauerkraut in vinegar instead of the brine it is supposed to come with and those are practically inedible unless you fix it with a bit ( or a bit more ) sugar . 
  it is also a very quick meal to prepare since you only need to heat it up ( unless you make it yourself in which case it takes weeks to prepare ) . 
  and bonus : if you have a dog and it eats something with sharp edges you can feed your dog tons of sauerkraut . 
  the dogs will be mostly unable to digest it , so it will pass through their system , ideally after the sharp object gets tangled up in it . 
  regarding sauerkraut : you do n't just eat that stuff straight up . 
  you mix it with some lard and some ~ ~ ananas ~ ~ pineapple and if it 's really sour you sprinkle a little sugar on it to take the edge off , then you fry the whole thing on high heat and you get juicy but caramelized sauerkraut . 
  it 's awesome but if you just eat straight up sauerkraut from the can or the jar or the bag i see how you would first need to acquire a taste for it . 
  well ... the vienna accent will still make people think you are pompous assholes , just like in the good old times . 
  this is not a personal attack but rather an observation . 
  bosnians are some of the best people . 
  fell in love with 2 of them actually but the problem with bosnian women is that they are way too beautiful to be in anyones league . 
  at least the ones i met . 
  conrad.de is ridiculously expensive . 
  only partially . 
  i am also happy when economies grow . 
  the only thing i do n't like is a stable exchange rate . 
  sue me . 
  i 'm happy about anything that brings volatility to the usd/eur exchange rate . 
  for me volatility means i make money . 
  fix it for all of europe ? 
  no one ** forced ** greece to join the eurozone . 
  the greek politicians brought that on greece and the greek people had to fix it . 
  greece did n't fix it for all of europe , greece ( the government ) fucked it up and greece ( the people ) fixed their own ( governments ) fuck up with the help of the rest of europe . 
  you know who you can blame for hunger and the golden dawn party ? 
  the overeager assholes who cooked the ~ ~ box ~ ~ books to get into the eurozone in the first place , robbing greece of a way to devalue their currency . 
  i think it may be the reason it took longer but it will also be the reason why it will be solid and sustainable growth . 
  yeah ... if their job is to deliver the device to your door and they instead carry it up a flight of stairs and connect it and explain to you how it works then that 's way outside of the scope of their job and you better tip them . 
  i tip everyone who handles my food . 
  also people who provide services at prices i would n't provide them . 
  for example if i get a haircut and a full shave for 8 $ i 'll tip 100 % . 
  eh ... about as stunning as the mona lisa . 
  which is also not stunning . 
  surprisingly sane except for the international terrorism thing . 
  berlin is a shithole . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  i have yet to meet someone who prefers berlin over munich or hamburg . 
  forcible takeover did n't go too well , so now we just start randomly germanifying towns in other countries . 
  just keep doing that . 
  it can only be beneficial for the eu if everyone loves germany . 
  germans , the nicest people in the world . 
  all the world . 
  would n't it be nice if everyone could be german ? 
  i would sure like that . 
  maybe everyone can just give up their autonomy and submit to german rule ? 
  sounds fun does n't it ? 
  maybe we should try it . 
  ireland is a great country anyway and we would love for you to join us . 
  maybe you just need to move to a different country . 
  like outside of the socialist paradise that is the eu . 
  how about you move to cambodia ? 
  pretty sure you can keep everything you earn there . 
  oh for fucks sake , when will you people stop with the whining ? 
  we have one of the best market for broadband internet subscribers in the world . 
  it 's not prohibitively expensive , it 's widely available , it 's fairly reliable . 
  i know we are not south korea but come the fuck on . 
  this mentality annoys me so much in germany . 
  if you do n't have something to whine about , people think you are weird . 
  i am sure you have sources for this . 
  yes it is . 
  both of you . 
  english !, 
  fucking lactose all up all the shit . 
  they are not technically in the nato but since they are part of the greater german empire , they are in . 
  they also gave out t5 for being fat . 
  source : my letter stated i was too fat to be useful . 
  assuming an invasion it 's much more effective to have millions of people spread out all over the country who are trained in the basics than it is to have a few ten thousand pros . 
  also the ten thousands of pros are still there . 
  especially embarassing because a mouse over shows the name of the country . 
  yes . . but in germany we have [ deutschland rundet auf ] ( http://www.deutschland-rundet-auf.de ) which rounds up to the nearest cents and donates the difference to charitable projects inside germany . 
  it 's nice . 
  yes but on the other hand ... coins are annoying and heavy . 
  the joke would still be on you . 
  now translate what everbody said . 
  both of you are fucking retarded . 
  and i am sorry if i offended anyone with a legitimate mental retardation by saying this . 
  yes but that 's hardly relevant since his flag is german and yours is dutch and mine is german so unless you want a fight you should back down now . 
  i do n't have anything to lose , you wan na fight to the death ? 
  then you were terrible at driving or you overpaid for your lessons . 
  no one in my family paid more than 1000 $ for the driving lessons . 
  you wonder why i would not suggest the british driving test as the standard test for all of europe ? 
  that 's including one of the best and thorough civilian drivers educations in the world is what he means . 
  yes . 
  let 's take the german one so it 's one that actually qualifies you to drive somewhere else than country roads . 
  because otherwise not having a german passport is a get-out-jail card . 
  and really how hard do you think it is to get a new identity in eastern europe , which would allow them to repeat this ad infinitum ? 
  i am in favor of trying rehabilitation ad nauseam with those criminals who do only minimal financial damage to their victims/society . 
  i 'd say it should depend on the crime . 
  violent crimes should be punished with jail time and immediate deportation afterwards .
