  if semiconductor funding was at the levels of fusion research you probably could not even afford to call personal computers science fiction . 
  space elevators space elevators are barely feasible ( technologcially speaking ) in theory while fusion technology mostly faces obstacles that could quite readily be overcome with adequate funding . 
  it 's not science fiction . 
  cold fusion is science fiction , fusion is science fact . 
  the challenges right now are not `` lets figure out if this is possible '' the challenges right now are `` how can we get this stable and efficient enough to be comercially viable '', 
  probably cdu . 
  the spd is basically the same except they pretend they are different which seems dishonest to me . 
  the pirates are a pathetic bunch of kindergarten kids . 
  i harbor resentment towards the greens for the giant part they played in instilling irrational panic of nuclear energy in the german people so they will never get my vote . 
  die linke is hilarious to watch but i would never want them to have any real power . 
  the fdp is theoretically a nice choice but they do n't have a whole lot of credibility . 
  does n't matter . 
  there are a million things that can go wrong with consumer drones . 
  flying them just meters above a crowd is dangerous and irresponsible . 
  unacceptable if you ask me . 
  those things can do serious damage and they are using an open propeller design for this shit . 
  complete disregard for the safety of everyone involved and obviously there ** was ** a problem , whether it was incompentence by the pilot or by the person who assembled the drone . 
  once again the pirates out themselves as immature idiots . 
  i got the joke . 
  i just thought it was stupid . 
  if that was a nude of old merkel , sure the joke might have been funny . 
  but that 's just an average looking nude chick . 
  yeah . 
  nude chicks . 
  super nsfl, 
  what a shitty argument . 
  unless you are lgbt . 
  her pr team and stylists really tried a lot before admitting defeat . 
  you have been outgrammar 'd, 
  just like people had the right to pay to listen to him these people had the right to pay to not listen to him . 
  i ca n't even blame the us . 
  they do surveillance the way i would do it if i i thought i could get away with it . 
  did you read the post ? 
  do you think the same argument ( mostly used by hatemongering srs-type people ) is true for the word `` straight '' ? 
  i would actually argue that `` gay '' is the word that hatemongeres ( this time on the other side ) use and that , if anything , my previous post would suggest we use non-straight instead of gay . 
  quite simply because in most cases the use of `` cis '' is by people who are hatemongers . 
  militant feminists . 
  the kind of people that make up / r/shitredditsays . 
  people who are set on getting offended and then striking back by painting everyone who is a `` cis male '' as some kind of oppressor . 
  the same way i ca n't use the word negro/negroid to describe black people without people people thinking i am a racist . 
  if you want to refer to non-trans people you should just use `` non-trans '' , it does not have the same negative connotation and it is much clearer that you are actually just refering to that aspect and not using it as an insult . 
  whenever someone uses `` cis '' in a non satirical context i ca n't take them seriously anymore . 
   `` a bosnian interviews for a job in germany . 
  `` where are you from ? '' asks the employer . 
  `` from bosnia ! '' `` oh , i know , '' says the german , `` you bosnians are known to be lazy . '' `` oh no , sir , '' responds the bosnian , `` those are the montenegrins . 
  we bosnians are stupid ! '' how is that a joke about germany ? 
  so , you are a funny guy , huh ? 
  tell me a joke . 
  thing is ... if you work more and still underperform that 's even worse . 
  i do n't feel betrayed by him . 
  that 's actually exactly what it is about . 
  the police are agents of the government and therefor agents of the people . 
  they are the bodyguards of society . 
  they can not be allowed to back down . 
  when the mafia realizes that being part of the mafia does n't afford you immunity anymore they will back down or die trying to hold up the old ways . 
  like your own police should : lock them up and if they resist with force , crush them . 
  i tried to think really hard . 
  then i realized that hamburgs most famous gift to the world are hamburgers . 
  and therefore every other burger based on hamburgers . 
  the usability is not all that impacted if you set up thunderbird as a client . 
  then you just need to exchange keys with your partner once and you can sign/encrypt your emails without a huge hassle . 
   casting german turks as leaches = =  ok making a comment on german culture = =  not ok making comments on a situation you do n't know shit about = = =  ok calling people racists for describing the situation = = =  ok describing the situation = = =  not ok  you 're a racist . 
  repeating it does n't make it more true . 
  but if it helps you sleep at night you can chant it all day . 
   i do n't know about germany but in certain other european countries your comments could lead to criminal charges . 
  i hope we 'll find out how big your mouth will be in front of a judge . 
  i am now incredibly afraid because certainly there are judges who will look at the facts and tell me `` well you are pretty much spot on but i 'll have to convict you because the feelings of people matter more than your right to free speech . '', 
   what 's your point then ? 
  pretty simple . 
  the people i mentioned stand out to me because they are the exception and make up maybe 15-20 % of the turks i know . 
  the point is that just having a turkish name or looking like a turk does not prevent you from getting a job . 
  it 's lack of qualifications , unwillingness to conform with what 's expected and often the lack of language skills . 
   maybe you do n't have a point . 
  i do . 
   maybe you 're venting your frustrations as indisputable facts . 
  i am not  maybe my comment did not warrant a passive/aggressive response . 
  the correct wording is passive-aggressive unless you ca n't decide whether my response was passive or aggressive . 
   these are speculations . 
  this is not : you 're a racist . 
  first of all turks are not a race . 
  therefore even if i hated them i would not be racist in doing so . 
  the word you are looking for is xenophobic . 
  secondly i do n't have a problem with turks because they are turks . 
  i have a problem a lot of turks in germany for the reasons stated . 
  thirdly  and maybe drinking liters of beer is just not their thing . 
  as a response to me pointing out that a lot of turks are not willing to assimilate is not only passive aggressive but you also just reduced german culture to drinking beer . 
  which is pathetic and , unless you are a self-loathing german , pretty xenophobic . 
  you do n't have a point . 
  go back to your cave troll . 
   a lot of turks in germany speak broken turkish . 
  and ? 
  the quality of their turkish is none of my concern . 
  they live in germany , they need to be able to speak german . 
  just as i need to be able to speak turkish if i ever decide to move there . 
  then the quality of my german wo n't be any of their concern . 
   also , good luck trying to find a job when your name is huseyin \u00c7ada\u015f . 
  i know a bunch of turks who have jobs with german companies . 
  what they all have in common is that they are not part of the group i described before . 
  they speak flawless german ( as you would expect from someone who wants to work in germany ) with a local accent ( as you would expect from someone who has lived in a country for years ) and they understand that not everyone is their buddy . 
  they are adapted to german society and they give a fuck about the things which are highly valued by german employers such as punctuality , honesty , politeness .
