and this is why monarchies existed for centuries . 
  ah yes , i forgot about them . 
  i wish there was just a single party which was n't crypto-something . 
  the spd is more of a crypto-conservative party . 
  they are basically the same as the cdu except less honest about what they want . 
  i refuse to re-engage with someone who clearly has impulse control issues and an iq below 90 . 
  do i think the average dutch person owes me anything ? 
  no , and i never said that . 
  do i think a dutch person who uses german roads once in a blue moon should contribute to the fund for german roads ? 
  i really do n't care , i do n't think it matters . 
  do i think a dutch person who uses german roads all the time should contribute to the fund for german roads ? 
  yes , why would i not think that ? 
  do you get to eat your neighbors food , use his electricity or water whenever you feel like it without paying for it because you invested in a nicer house and better food ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  you know why ? 
  because you did n't fucking pay for it . 
  if the dutch want to start charging foreigners for using their roads , great !, 
  do it !, 
  but do n't pretend like paying high taxes in the netherlands entitles you to use the roads of other countries for free . 
  your whole post however is a pathetic personal attack , so if you would n't mind dieing in a fucking fire i would much appreciate it . 
  you are mostly giving money to private entities when buying products in germany . 
  sure those entities will have to pay taxes on it but is it enough to even out the damage you do to our roads ? 
  are you not saving more than 100 $ / year by buying the cheap german products ? 
  how would a toll for private vehicles change the attractiveness of a mostly commercial location ? 
  trucks already have to pay tolls on german roads . 
  ah yes ... germans getting depressed by the color grey and a lack of sun . 
  you have been to germany before , right ? 
  i think we should let them go on and recruit more jihadists and then just put them all on a big ship telling them they are going to be fighting for isis and then just sink the fucking ship . 
  anyone even considering to support isis is a piece of shit human being and should be killed . 
  alternatively we tell them there is a group of people pretending to be isis and they should attack them but then the group of people they attack is actually isis and we just kill the ones who survive . 
  i do n't see anyone rejoicing . 
  he was a retarded person who vandalized public and private property on the regular , then he died while comitting another act of vandalism and most people probably do n't think it 's a great loss nor do they feel pity for someone who endangered himself just to vandalize property . 
  * that gefalls me . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  generation 2 is basically the ** first ** commercial generation , generation was designed for improved efficiency which just means less of the same waste is produced not that existing waste could be re-used nor that the waste produced would be dangerous for a shorter time . 
  and of course we will have a waste problem in europe in 10 years and in 50 years and in 100 years and in 5000 years ** because we are not fucking investing in the technology which could solve the problem ** . 
  i do n't even want to insinuate you are being intellectually dishonest because i think you are arguing at exactly your intellectual level . 
  repeating bullshit you were fed . 
  it 's not about the next generation of people , it 's about the next generation ( generation 4 ) of reactors and no previous generation made claims about being able to reduce waste which is n't surprising considering we are only at generation 3 right now and most reactors in operation are still generation 2 . 
  the reason for this of course being that the greens vilified everything related to nuclear power and no politician is insane enough to alienate half the country by proposing we actually invest in a green technology . 
  the german greens are the fucking idiots who are against nuclear power just because . 
  nuclear power is literally the safest and the greenest power source we have ( yes , including renewables ) and if the greens had n't spread their irrational propaganda of the `` evil '' nuclear power then maybe we could have reasonable debates about the future of nuclear power in germany today . 
  but no , it 's such a pervasive attitude that even intelligent people jump on the propaganda train and try to justify their bullshit with `` yeah , maybe it 's the safest and maybe it 's the cleanest but what if something goes wrong ? '' . 
  well if that is your only concern , maybe push for investments into the next , safer generation of nuclear reactors . 
  `` yeah maybe the safety issues can be solved by new designs but what about the waste ? '', 
  well you see ... that where the next generation will come in handy as well because they can use material which is currently considered waste and use it as fuel . 
  the anti-nuclear people are about reasonable as the people who believe in fan death . 
  how the fuck is this better than building a new nuclear power plant instead ? 
  this is one annoying bot . 
  adverse posession only works on estates the common law country has jurisdiction over . 
  the way he worded it sounds more like he thinks the greek pm got merkels approval for fining hochtief . 
  which i do n't think is true . 
  greece is still an autonomous country and they can damn well fine any company who does n't play by their rules . 
  yep , they are the same shitheads who fucked up the [ elbe philharmonic hall ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elbe_philharmonic_hall ) . 
  i really hope that once they are done with that project they go fucking bankrupt . 
  i know . 
  but i 'm not subscribed so i do n't care . 
  in fact i think that attitude is elitist and you deserve a huge influx of users shitposting . 
  is it / r/polandball ? 
  `` antifa '' is a moron . 
  and we should n't . 
  sometimes constitutions need to be changed and sometimes the idiotic parts need to be ignored . 
   you ca n't be arrested for doing something in a land where that 's legal . 
  not true . 
   http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__5.html http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__6.html http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/stgb/__7.html of course none of this applies in the case of flying isis flags in other european countries but if a german went to support isis in any way shape or form in an area like syria which is de-facto lawless they can be tried for the crime in germany . 
  it really is . 
  the organism or combination of organism which is best adapted to the environment drowns out the organisms which are not . 
  of course sometimes this leads to radical changes which some people call a `` collapse '' of the existing ecosystem but as long as life remains i do n't see it as a failure . 
  well ... if the american flora and fauna had been the best solution for the american continent it would have prevailed . 
  right , but does putin believe that ? 
  pls ... we are already shipping weapons to the kurds . 
  now we do n't have any guns left . 
  how do you expect us to fight ? 
  it 's a symbol . 
  russia is now effectively fucking with every nation involved in the multinational force . 
  not just fucking with them in a `` you attacked a nato member '' but `` you attacked our soldiers '' . 
  basically if russia attacks it 's an automatic declaration of war on everyone involved . 
  just like 2 or 3 policemen can often control a crowd of 10 or 15 people despite being at a disadvantage because everyone in the crowd knows there are massive resources which would be deployed if they chose to attack the guys in front of them . 
  it 's not like this was some private picture she took and sent to her boyfriend . 
  she 's a porn actress and she posted these to twitter . 
  because they had an army on the streets building a wide perimeter about the world cup locations . 
  thanks , i had almost forgotten about us winning that thing . 
  hah ... british people . 
  please . 
  you 'll see that we have your back once russia tries to invade poland . 
  you must 've felt terrible about all the low prices . 
  nope . 
  a sadist would enjoy seeing people suffer . 
  i do n't . 
  i think the death penalty should be done via inert gas asphyxiation . 
  this is a method which is 100 % effective , 100 % painless and 100 % stressfree . 
  i think some people are too corrupted for society to take the risk of letting them live . 
  that does n't mean i want to see them suffer , i just want to see them removed from society for good . 
  i do n't think i would enjoy torture either but when torture is used as a means to obtain information which are necessary to protect the lives or health of innocent citizens i think it is perfectly justified . 
  of course after the necessary information is obtained the subject should be treated as anyone else would be , then put on trial and if they comitted sufficiently bad crimes put to death . 
  no , i 'm saying i 'm not a fan of violent executions such as beheading or hanging or even a lethal injection , all of which cause emotional distress . 
  if the death of a person is decided that death should come swiftly and without prolonging the subjects suffering . 
  imprisoning people is a different thing and i think it should be reserved for repeat offenders of non-violent , yet damaging crimes such as theft . 
  i believe any crime involving someone inflicting severe bodily injury to another innocent party should be met with euthanization . 
  i believe torture is a questionable yet sometimes justified means to an end .
