`` fun '', 
  i thought this was a sub for serious discussion , not a gamer 's sub ... 
  what the fuck is this shit , and what happened to the `` what do you know about ... '' that was supposed to happen every tuesday ? 
  sorry , `` brexit voting northern scum '', 
  they are both at fault - the london elites for not caring about the provinces , and the northern scum for taking their anger out on foreigners . 
  and some of the most civilzed parts of europe were under muslim control ... 
   their citizens are called `` little mountain negroes '' in italian bullshit . 
  `` negrino '' = / = `` little negro '' , that would be `` negretto '', 
  i think it depends on the ordering ... 
  there were still a lot more catholics than , say , quakers or other minor protestant churches . 
  catholics have always been an important part of the country . 
  it 's not like muslims that only arrived inlarge numbers in the last 50 years, 
  what 's more traditional than catholics ? 
  i think the ones whinging are mostly right wingers / brexiters , which says it all, 
  well , you are _ cousins _ , after all ... 
  althought there are a couple of trolls , most comments are positive , and a lot of negative ones are simply the truth . 
  learn to take criticism . 
   there were/are also many catholics in england and scotland but i just listed the main religious groups . 
  the catholics are one of the main religious groups http://www.catholicnewsagency.com/news/practicing_catholics_now_outnumber_anglicans_in_the_uk/, 
  what i know = my opinions too easy saying `` it 's all wrong '' without backing it up with facts, 
  i did n't explain myself . 
  it 's not the slang - op is right , everyone has that . 
  is the double entendres , the fact that many innocent sounding sentences can in fact mean something completely different and dirty, 
  it 's that kind of short-termism that is bringing the country to its knees, 
   the battle of hastings was fought on 14 october 1066 between the norman-french army of william , the duke of normandy , and an english army under the anglo-saxon king harold godwinson , beginning the norman conquest of england . 
  that 's wikipedia . 
  when the norman invasion is discussed , it 's usually spoken of as pitting the normans vs the english , implying anglo-saxons = ( the only true ) english ,, 
  oh yes , of course , thanks, 
  reddit is not representative of the wider world, 
   a testament to the amount of highly trained chefs who live and work here and who are committed to the culinary arts . 
  you are pretending not to understand what i said . 
  i did n't say that there are no good chefs in the uk . 
  but those chefs , as i said above , are there for the 1 % . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  for example escoffier worked at the savoy in london and wrote his classic french cuisine book while head chef at the carlton . 
   the dishes were all invented here and are consumed the world over you mean you invented gravy ??? 
  get out of my face  cheddar is the most consumed cheese in the world . 
  macdonald 's is among the most consumed food in the world , what does it prove ? 
   seriously , get off your pedestal . 
  ... said the man boasting about michelin stars of his chefs ( [ which are still behind spain , germany , the netherlands , switzerland ... ] ( https://e18f3d2e72886c3223d1-445e6647b77b95c1da7f462f7de41c7d.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/michelinpercapita-crop-v2.png ) ), 
   yeah , i mean considering we 've only got the third most michellin starred restaurants in the world , globally renowned chefs whose recipes are used on a daily basis ( gordon ramsay , jamie oliver , marco pierre white , heston blumenthal , delia smith , keith floyd , gary rhodes et al ) by people all-over and a decent catalogue of famous dishes our food is pretty shit . 
  considering that the uk has some of the richest people on earth - oligarchs , sheiks , you name it - it 's not surprise there are a lot of good restaurants catering to _ them _ . 
  that does n't say anything about the general population . 
  the globally renowned chefs is just because you are very good at marketing . 
  delia smith , for crying out loud !!!, 
  a lot are only renowned in your ex colonies . 
  gordon ramsay and jamie oliver are only renowned for the tv shows - jamie oliver was trained by italians and cooks mostly italian-inspired food . 
  only heston blumenthal is really a superstar chef for culinary reasons . 
  but as i said , that 's only food for the 1 %  the sandwich every country has something like that ...  fish & chips  chicken tikka masala  sunday roast  shepherds/cottage pie they are not all that  gravy are you for real ?? 
  every country has gravy  bangers & mash common in other countries  apple pie ( yeah its not american )  custard or creme anglais  maderia cake  victoria sponge cake they are not all that  cheeses used all over , especially cheddar are you seriously boasting about your barely distinguishable cheeses to an italian ??? 
  what next , boasting about guns to a yank ? 
  besides , that 's not what people eat at home most of the time or , most importantly , what you find when you go out . 
   such a bullshit stereotype that needs to die . 
  british food is fantastic and there are plenty of aspiring chefs and foodies in this country . 
  i did write it 's getting better , but compared to spain , france , italy , to name but three , you have still some way to go . 
  addendum 3 * incredibly fond of double entendres . 
  pretty much _ every word _ has a slang meaning , often sexually related . 
  if you see people smigger * when you talk and do n't understand why that 's probably why . 
  i `` fondly '' remember a company meeting where i started talking about pearl necklaces and ... ^ ( * that second letter should be an `` n '' , but the mods / reddits primitive filters wo n't pass it ), 
  anything specific ? 
  fair enough, 
  the uk has 60m though, 
  bloody leaseholds !!, 
  gosh if you start listing musicians it 's going to be a long list ... 
  addendum 2 * a strange vision of history . 
  they see the romans as invaders ( even though they were there _ before _ the anglo-saxons and founded their capital and many other cities ) , the anglo-saxons as the chosen people , the normans as invaders and foreign ( even though they 've been there for a 1000 years and by now one would think they are quite mixed - in the 1950s britain 's most popular name was norman i believe ) . 
  they pat themselves in the back for banning slavery even though the french and the pope had done it before them ( they only did it to screw up the portuguese economically , anyway ) . 
  they say they have n't been invaded since the normans totally forgetting william of orange ( they even have a march to commemorate it ! ) . 
  barely learn about american independence . 
  they see dunkirk as `` heroism '' ( !! ) . 
  they have removed singapore from their collective memory ( 5000 japanese on bycicles took the island from 30k brits with cannons ) . 
  they have removed the suez crisis from their collective memory * fox hunting - aristocrats spend time in the country side watching animals ( not just foxes ) being torn to pieces by packs of ~ ~ foxes ~ ~ dogs . 
  * freehold / leasehold system . 
  when you buy a house you do n't buy the actually land on which the house is , just the right to have a house on that land for , say 100 years . 
  the actual land still belongs to noblemen - so you 'll find that most of the land in london belongs to the royal family , the duke of westminster , earl cadogan , etc. 
  in theory when the leaseholds are up they could kick all the plebes out and turn london in a giant nature reserve for fox hunting, 
   some europeans and i 'm really talking france , spain and italy for the most part tend to insult british people i do n't believe that for a minute, 
  the pope and the french banned slavery before england , but that 's hardly known in the uk as it does n't fit the narrative . 
  addendum 1 : * you _ must _ go and get pissed with your colleagues after work . 
  if you do n't they 'll look at you with suspicion * they hang on to their unnecessary u 's as a mark of honor, 
  same as france , then . 
  obsessed with ww2 too, 
  not op , but a classic example is when it 's a group of people at the pub then one leaves early , and as soon as he 's left everyone goes `` he 's a wankaaa !!! '', 
  even though they were friendly to him beforehand, 
  yep, 
  [ blushes ], 
  i did n't really experience that , i must admit, 
  vitriol ? 
  but i said a lot of nice things and the rest are odd rather than negative !, 
  i mean , no country is perfect . 
  i could write a much longer list about italy for example, 
  done that , got the tshirt, 
  yeah , right , i really believe a brit watches foreign tv comedy shows with subtitles . 
  besides , comedy is not often translatable . 
  it 's not all like little britain ( a pile of shite , btw ) or benny hill, 
   best comedy tv shows around . 
  because of course , you are so good at foreign languages that you can assess how good other countries ' are ? 
  i know you were joking but [ pedantic mode : on ] the biscuits were made by british grannies in his honour when he went on a speaking tour of the uk to rustle up funds . 
  he was a celeb in the uk because he fought the spanish in south america , helping a few nations gain their independence . 
  well the orange marches in northern ireland are full of people who go there from scotland ...
