because the debate has been over for a long long time . 
  the belfast agreement put the debate to rest in 1998 . 
  the irish state when being discussed in english is not \u00c9ire . 
  it has not bearing on you so i do n't see why you ca n't respect that . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/names_of_the_irish_state#name_dispute_with_the_uk ) personally i do n't believe irish should have official eu status . 
  the official language of ireland is irish and english . 
  trying to argue that english has been for 1000 years is ridiculous . 
   it 's quite telling of your intellect , or lack thereof . 
  a one day old account and insults are why i think you are a troll , so work away . 
   eire government troll, 
  it 's just a bit out of the way for cyclists . 
  that 's coming into t1 i think , i 've just never seen cyclists around there , it 's just a guess , i could easily be wrong . 
  looks like dublin airport to me , doubt there 'd be cyclists where she is . 
  just always cycle with the wind at your back downhill ? 
  simple !, 
  the people 's republic of cork ? 
   wish we had some form of flag for my flair let 's not bring the recent flag issues to reddit !, 
  not at all , it was only at the end/after the war did people really find out what exactly it was the germans had been doing with their concentration camps . 
  without knowing that they just appeared to be any other invading country . 
  and what would you like the impoverished irish people do ? 
  do you expect a people who have been ravaged and subjugated for 800 years by a neighbouring country that was just removed to wage war on another country who seemed intent on doing the same ? 
  ireland declared neutrality , by the time ww2 had come around we we were barely even a country in our own right . 
  we did n't declare war as it 's not something we do , we are n't war mongers . 
  we see ourselves as peaceful . 
   irish leadership were n't in the wrong for not at least nominally declaring war on germany if you knew anything about our history you might realise we had bigger things to consider , like what direction our newly found country we would take . 
  we just shed one invader , why invite another one ( which had shown itself to be a country willing to invade others ) to invade us . 
  i 've no doubt the english and the usa were delighted that an easily conquered country on the western fringe declared as neutral so as not to invite unwarranted attention . 
  i think the scotts should probably be somewhere up there . 
  even smaller than some cities !, 
  ignoring the rest of the content a british person saying that the irish are historically lucky is the most ridiculous thing i 've heard of . 
  800 years of war , genocide , discrimination , famine etc. 
  i can only assume he 's trolling ? 
  it will remain the same , we 're not in schengen . 
  brother came back from touring around south america last night . 
  said most people have barely heard of ireland let alone know where it is !, 
  when i was in china it was a similar story !, 
  / r/irishmusic is a fairly small and not so active subreddit which could do with a bit of love !, 
  what part of dublin are you in ? 
  this is n't representative at all , i spent a week in mamia , constanza last year . 
  there were beach combers being dragged every night i was there and the beaches were pristine . 
   do n't like potatoes not sure where you got that mad idea ? 
  you might be looking at the total island population . 
  ireland has about 4.5-4 .8 million i think . 
  why ? 
  edit : nvm , it 's a troll ... 
  nope , have n't even been outside of dublin since the posters started going up but i 've heard from friends at home and around the place that there 's a huge amount of no posters up and very little yes posters outside of the cities and major towns . 
  i think the silent no will be a big factor but i think the yes will get there in the end . 
  i 'd love a landslide as a big fu to iona and the likes though . 
  to be fair the referendums in 2013 were of little interest to the youth in the country . 
  this is a lot bigger and the youth are a lot more vocal about it . 
  if i 'd to guess it will be a pass of ~ 60 % with a high turnout . 
  ah , i read that arseways, 
  ireland was n't independent during the famine ? 
  rather than hurling stick too people would either call it a hurley or a hurl depending on what part of the country you 're from . 
  that 's why i said between 20 and 40 % . 
  the 20 % being from contemporary experts . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_wars_in_ireland lists it as being 6 wars/rebellions . 
  i 'm not surprised there was n't too many conflicts as in the 17th century 20-40 % of the countries population was wiped out . 
  that coffee table nonsense was written by 2 british historians ( one a professor in camebridge , the other a fellow of camebridge ) and 1 irish historian a professor in trinity college . 
  dismiss the book if you want . 
  it 's hard to ignore the famine in which the population of 8.2 million to 6.6 million in 10 years . 
  anyways i 'm obviously wasting my time with you so i 'm going to leave it there . 
  if anyone is interested in the topic the facts i 've posted in this thread are only a part of a very interesting topic !, 
  here 's the source for 20 % : kenyon , john ; ohlmeyer , jane , eds . 
  the civil wars . 
  oxford . 
  isbn 0-19-866222-x [ william petty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_petty ) is the source of the 40 % estimate , an englishman alive at the time . 
  relations between britain and ireland were good in the 18th and 19th century ? 
  there were 6 wars/rebellions in the 18th and 19th century not to mention the famine !, 
  from that article  `` my book is a challenge . 
  i 'm an amateur , this is what i 've found , '' reilly says . 
  reilly being the only person saying that the irish should apologize . 
  estimates at the time are 40 % , modern estimates are 20 %, 
  he is responsible for killing between 20 and 40 percent of the population of ireland . 
  no matter what way you look at it it 's still genocide . 
  he killed nearly 40 % of the irish population ... 
  there 's no moat around ni anyway !, 
  to be fair that question `` when should abortion be available ? '', 
  is somewhat up for interpretation . 
  for example , i think abortion should be legal up until 16 weeks and not allowed after that . 
  so according to this question i would fall in the sometimes category . 
  imagine the sometimes category could be broken into 2 more groups , one with limitations depending on what caused the pregnancy ( incest , rape etc. ), 
  and one with limitations on duration of the pregnancy . 
  only to your face ... 
   ride in the middle of the road and not at the side my understanding of the us is that varies state by state . 
  in ireland you 're entitled to take the full lane as it 's safer . 
   do n't stop at stop signs pretty sure this varies state by state too , i think ye call it an idaho stop or something ? 
  i reckon you need to realise that it 's not the cyclists causing problems it 's assholes , and there are assholes on bike , footpaths and in cars . 
  cork is known as the `` rebel county '' and cork city is joked as being the real capital of ireland . 
  there 's a running joke where cork is a different country . 
  we do n't know that we will get any benefit from this , ireland is the most likely eu country to suffer because of brexit . 
  i 've seen people say that this has some big implications for italys position on the eu and the euro ? 
  is this correct and if so , was the yes or no more pro eu ? 
  god dammit leeroy, 
  well the dup have just agreed to go into coalition with the tories on the basis that there would be no special status for ni in brexit . 
  so now 2 options , hard brexit with a border , soft brexit no border . 
  the catholic church was a huge part of irish culture due to the catholic vs protestant thing . 
  it led to the church being ingrained deeply in society , they had a huge amount of power . 
  only in recent history has the tide begun to change . 
  most of the young population would n't care for religion .
