  it does n't break your heart more than mine to see these women being caught in a shitty situation . 
  i 'm the first one that will sign any initiative to keep our orchestras alive , but i wo n't defend the excess numbers of so-called journalists . 
  99.99 % of greeks would support that . 
   that 's a bit more difficult , we ca n't prevent the usa from engaging in silly wars , the most we can do is stay out of those . 
  staying out delegitimizes the us , which is bad from a pr selling point . 
  eventually , isolation would lead to their public rethinking and taking a more active role in this . 
  ffs , do not sensationaize . 
  there was a decision by the government to sthudown ert sa and open a new company , nerit sa , with 45 % of the personnel . 
  the political parties hired many people that were not needed in the past . 
  the orchestras will continued to function . 
  this is really heartbreaking . 
  the important thing is that they should n't cost lives . 
  i 'm not sure if spiegel realises that the case of distorted stats also affects countries with low youth unemployment rates , such as germany . 
  in other words , it 's not only about the high end of the scale . 
  leave it to / r/europe to blame anti-fascists for `` insulting '' fascists ... 
  it says how in the previous sentence . 
  she directed the money to phoney associations . 
  french websites naturally have more information . 
  google translation of [ afp article ] ( http://www.laprovence.com/article/actualites/2366639/un-an-de-prison-ferme-pour-la-deputee-ps-sylvie-andrieux.html ) . 
   the investigation was launched in mid-2007 after reporting to justice by tracfin cell bercy suspicious financial flows on expected associations work for the rehabilitation of neighborhoods accounts . 
  they have proven to be empty shells , the money to ensure a comfortable lifestyle for their leaders who helped ms. andrieux to get elected . 
   at the hearing had been described a well-established system sometimes based on the threat , the deputy prosecutor jean-luc blachon evoking `` a trial of thugs '' whose defense system that marries the parliamentarian . 
   mr. benamar was discarded in particular mr. balalas , described as his `` only boss . '', 
  all the more favorable to ms. andrieux reports that his former right hand should not attend due to health problems . 
  she also stated that it `` had a central role '' and `` ran everything . '', 
   but the man was finally presented to the chagrin of the member lawyers . 
  the court had read his statements during the investigation , which he described one dedicated to ensuring that `` the popularity of ms. andrieux neighborhoods increases , '' and he confirmed system . 
  it was a network which she used to get elected . 
  she sent the money to these associations , the directors of these associations did favours in her name , people voted for her . 
  you know , some left-wing parties are not able to understand that their mentality pushes more people to golden dawn . 
  there are some young leftists than mean well , but they too fail to comprehend that the attitude of belonging to `` us '' or `` them '' only helps the other side . 
  just an excuse . 
  she says that he has low iq , blah-blah . 
  he does n't , they 'll say anything to reduce his sentence . 
  i 've read his facebook posts and he seems perfectly normal . 
  he was not autistic when he was flirting with girls , use different modes of speech , had tattoos , travelled long distances alone , etc. 
  please . 
  even if he has ocd tendencies , which i do n't think , that 's nowhere near as saying that he is mentally ill . 
  he did something stupid and he will pay the price . 
  on this one , the germans got it right . 
  many people doing summer jobs all over europe are obviously not happy with it . 
  but this is one of the most wtf stories . 
  what did he expect ? 
  somehow killing a boy would make stealing go away and the boy 's parents would n't notice anything ? 
  he must be mentally ill or stoned 24/7 . 
   a krugman-esque policy ( which would n't work anyway ) have fun . 
  `` i like to imagine that i 'm pretty good at making economic arguments as simple as possible , and stating them in plain english . 
  true , i never get to the simplicity of `` people are having to tighten their belts , so the government should tighten its belt too . '' ** but that 's because the world is n't that simple , and some lines sound good but are just wrong . 
  ** '' http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/04/27/the-ignoramus-strategy/, 
  if i was another person i would now paste all the insulting remarks slovenian politicians made about greece , during the last 3 years . 
  however , despite their inability to comprehend the breadth and the depth of the crisis , and its systemic roots , i wish them well . 
  move along , nothing to see here , unless if you 're an american who was cut out from the world lately . 
  i 've seen the show . 
  these protests date 1-2 years back . 
  the presentation was unbelievable , the only thing they left out was a warning about german bombers on top of the acropolis . 
  one would think that madrid and athens are flattened by now . 
  they 're not , life goes on as usual . 
  they had videos from protests in sweden , uk and other countries , and they later uploaded two videos about npd in germany and lepen in france . 
   i mean we could outright strip greece of it 's entire military budget save for wages and basic maintenance for a few years if you are prepared to deal with all [ these issues ] ( http://www.mfa.gr/en/issues-of-greek-turkish-relations/ ) , which would require other means of funding , then by all means do it . 
  until then , it would be disingenuous to repeat that again . 
  most people get it wrong . 
  i would like to stress out that there 's a difference between a ) nazi reparations and b ) nazi loan and gold looting from greece 's central bank . 
  the second one is not debatable . 
  it 's not about the damage nazis did , or what help greece received from the usa , which is not germany 's concern , it 's about greece funding further nazi campaigns . 
  actually , hitler started repaying the loan . 
  it is one of the reasons why germany did not sign a peace treaty following ww2 . 
  as much as greece is wrong about mismanaging some aspects of its economic life recently , germany ca n't just brush this issue aside by relying to its perception of how the current euro crisis should be handled . 
  if germany wants greece to pay its loans back , then germany should pay its own loans back . 
  it 's simple as that and has nothing to do with loving or hating anyone . 
  my favourite part is this speech : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tciat5d4iwc, 
  you talked about the impact ** on the overall message ** of the initial study and there are only two possible outcomes . 
  in every other language ? 
  not in french , not in german , not in italian , not in spanish , not in greek , and so on . 
  `` circulate . 
  oozing intelligence . '', 
  `` is n't it terrible about chechnya ? 
  did you read the full article ? 
  the alleged `` minimal impact '' is not even half of the story , there 's additional evidence . 
  for example : http://www.nextnewdeal.net/rortybomb/guest-post-reinhartrogoff-and-growth-time-debt, 
   i have yet to see any politician use this theory as the basis of the policy decisions they made in regards to budget spending and the tax system are you being sarcastic ? 
  i see that op is downvoted , as is the usual case over here in similar news . 
  read the report first , guys . 
   similar per-household-stats were used to show how much the greek work merkel was honest . 
  you should n't brush it off as `` yeah , we all meddle with statistics '' . 
  you ca n't compare the propaganda used to lie to germans about allegedly rich people from the south taking `` good german euros '' , with the average annual hours per worker . 
  i accept that there is a big difference in productivity , but not what you say above . 
  the data for greece come from oecd 's national accounts questionnaire replies , which is the same method in the case of austria and other countries . 
  the data for germany come from iab , an institute of the federal employment agency . 
  the concept used is `` the total number of hours worked over the year divided by the average number of people in employment '' . 
  i hope you 're not being serious . 
  you did not present any arguments at all . 
  he 's an lse professor and he 's not the only one that debunked another myth surrounding the crisis . 
  also read this . 
  really , seeing spiegel 's cover and articles upset me . 
  that was a very low point for them . 
  as some wo n't even read lapavitsas ' article :  in 2010 , the average net wealth of german households -- all assets minus all liabilities -- stood at $ 195,000 ( # 168,000 ) . 
  in the southern member states , the figures were surprisingly high : $ 291,000 in spain , $ 275,000 in italy , $ 153,000 in portugal , $ 148,000 in greece and , wait for it , $ 671,000 in cyprus . 
  a ) it was about inflated house prices in cyprus and spain . 
  b ) greeks and portuguese were not richer , even with the reality distortion field . 
  incoming shitstorm in the comments , 3 , 2 , 1 ...
