  so yeah , it was interesting to see that this was the only thing you had to say , and that it was wrong as well . 
  wrong as many parts of your article . 
  so here 's how it goes , for the uninitiated to greek matters . 
  / u/yannisbab is yannis baboulias , the author of this article . 
  i 'm not violating any rules because he is the one disclosing his identity and uses the same username on reddit , medium and twitter . 
  he 's a greek that lives in london and always relies on second hand information . 
  he writes for the new media started by people who previously worked for `` the establishment '' without any complaints . 
  many of them were fired . 
  these media are used by the opposition in their propaganda war . 
  this means that when greece has a problem , this problem is immediately magnified 100x by them , in a pointless point scoring . 
  this time he went too far , he even editorialized his own title to jump into conclusions . 
  but there 's a path between journalistic populism and government or opposition propaganda . 
  more on that below . 
  greece belongs to a geographic area receiving a large migratory wave . 
  it is very convenient for some countries to lecture others when their infrastucture is under a lighter load . 
  yes , the conditions are not ideal . 
  but most of these people are illegal immigrants . 
  here it is again : they entered the country illegally , usually via turkey . 
  of course , this does n't mean they should be denied of their basic human rights . 
  but if a hospital was designed to take care of 60 people and is forced to accept 200 because of the moronic dublin regulations , this does n't mean that greece should be forced to deal with it alone . 
  you could sit in london , vienna or paris and lecture greece all day , but in the end if your own country was somehow beamed to the south and received a huge number of illegal immigrants , you 'd understand that there are no magic solutions . 
  especially when fiscal discipline is in order . 
  the logic of the opposition and these new media ( the author just reproduces unfollow 's story ) is this : if there is a problem the government is to blame , because we do not govern . 
  their platform is based on blatant lies . 
  for example , they managed to convince some desperate poor people that the day following the elections things will instantly become better , other countries will somehow have to forgive over half of greece 's debt etc. 
  it 's ironic how dozens of opposition mps declared deposits of hundreds of thousands of euros and speak of socialism . 
  the whole article is filled with half-truths . 
  for example , the current health minister studied history and archaeology . 
  his father died prematurely and from a young age he had to work and save the family publishing house , which was frequently burnt to the ground by pseudo-anarchists friendly to people related to the opposition . 
  he later became famous for selling his books on tv . 
  as for the `` cancers are not urgent '' statement , it is taken out of context . 
  he meant that if you are uninsured and hit by a car , the hospital will treat you in any case . 
  if you are uninsured and have cancer that is not terminal , you 'll have to fill some paperwork and go through a procedure . 
  speaking of this , it is surprising how many people do n't know that they are eligible to request an `` uninsured 's booklet '' from the local authorities . 
  it allows you to use all public hospitals and pharmacies for free . 
  100 % free . 
  if you are a greek and know an unemployed person that is not covered by another scheme , please let him or her know about that . 
  regarding the conditions in this prison hospital , yes , they are bad . 
  but stating that somehow the government and the employees plot to kill people is idiotic . 
  new hospitals do not appear out of thin air and it does n't matter if you are a leftist or a conservative . 
  there are procedures to follow and there are discussions to have , in the parliament and elsewhere . 
  it will seem bad to say that , but these people are still prisoners . 
  they did something illegal . 
  it 's not easy to let them all go to a regular hospital at once . 
  as for troika matters etc. 
  only an uninformed person would suggest that greece is not a sovereign state any more , or that greece is a hellhole from end to end . 
  as a matter of fact , most places outside athens have n't felt the effects of the crisis in the same way as athens does . 
  this again has to do with most illegal immigrants ending up in athens , putting a strain on prisons and hospitals that are already filled up . 
  i 'm sorry but greece was n't founded to save every single person on the world , it has a duty to take care of greeks first . 
  finally , it is true that the troika made many bad decisions and germany 's conservatives played a big role in that . 
  but the taxpayers did n't paid a single euro yet . 
  they even made some cash on top and this was stated by other european officials . 
  i remember the austrian finance minister repeating that last year . 
  the loan agreements do n't work the way you think they are . 
  nobody takes out euros from your country to ship them to greece . 
  states can collectively borrow from the markets at market rates . 
  but they do n't lose cash . 
  ecb is balancing things out behind the scenes , providing their banks with liquidity . 
  at the same time these banks received a lot of deposits from greece and other crisis-hit countries because depositors were scared they 'll lose all their savings . 
  ** tl ; dr bad article , real problems , no magic solutions , no eu country is 100 % good or 100 % bad **, 
   you 're kinda jumping to conclusions here . 
  scripta manent , if it talks like a duck etc. 
  i feel safe jumping to conclusions in this occasion . 
  it 's not the first time i 've seen this around here . 
  everything that goes against the current is a no-no for most people from the north . 
  reading comprehension , give it a try . 
  the title was not manipulated . 
  this is not editorializing . 
  the original title is `` the long shadow of ordoliberalism '' which says little about the content . 
  now , why the hell would readers that are confronted with an unfamiliar term ( ordoliberalism ) would want to read the article ? 
  op took a bit from the article and provided context . 
  reddit does n't offer a feature about subtitles or summaries . 
  you 're just nitpicking because you disagree with the content of the article and because naurgul is a greek , which is like saying that naurgul is the devil himself . 
  now , i 'm another greek and and i have ** huge ** disagreements with naurgul , but what you 're doing is dishonest . 
  you browse greek opposition 's megaphones ' sites and blogs and post anything and everything trying to undermine greece 's current government , but you fail to see the big picture . 
  the whole saga is not about provopoulos but about sallas and it started with grey 's reuters articles . 
  as we say in greece , they hit the saddle for the donkey to listen . 
  the bigger picture is that piraeus ' portfolio was tempting . 
  look south for your answers . 
  south in the article , south in attica . 
  draw a line between that location and central europe . 
  it 's amusing to see you posting information from the site of a journalist working for the opposition 's radio station , caught lying on twitter about his sockpuppets . 
  i 'm willing to cut these guys some slack , as they rely on second hand smoke . 
  i 'm also willing to cut you some slack and lend you a mirror . 
  you can hold it until the day you 'll post that the investigation found nothing wrong . 
  of course , then you 'll find another excuse , possibly a coverup , who knows . 
  but it would n't hurt to try and see if you 'll eventually admit that 1 +1 = 2 . 
  i 'm saving you some magic potion . 
  that 's a hatchet job . 
  all you need to know . 
   there is no evidence that mr. provopoulos profited personally from the transaction  mr. lavrentiadis had a 20-year record as a successful entrepreneur  mr. lavrentiadis was ultimately arrested and charged based on evidence provided by the central bank so , the governor made a business decision and did n't profit from it . 
  when he saw something wrong , he brought his former employer to justice . 
  end of story . 
  caution , partisan views and dramatic tone above . 
  transparency programme not getting shafted . 
  government published a proposal in a public consultation . 
  an article suggested that there could be a difference between the publication of a government body decision and the time this decision would become valid . 
  some people think that this would also allow a decision to become valid before being published online . 
  the text is not finalised and the consultation is still open . 
  pm and greek government did not compare nazis with eurosceptics .
