do you think that the people in / r/europe are completely happy with this and 100 % wish it to be introduced in our country ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  is sweden far more at home and relevant to us than a south east asian country ? 
  yes , it is . 
  til freedom of speech = racist comments on reddit, 
  `` to be honest , i think we should let the 500,000 migrants die a year . 
  they * were * africans . '', 
  it 's likely that these people have n't done their research or heard about these groups . 
  even then , that 's really quite stupid of them . 
  or heck , if they might have seen a relative or friend or someone scarred by assad 's soldiers . 
  india and russia are in a lot of groups . 
  they are doing quite a bit of military research together . 
  anti-china league when ? 
  yeah , if only those damn nonces had some strippers !, 
  ah yes , that 's what i was getting at . 
  also , british muslims have n't really experienced the hardships of reality . 
  unlike people in pakistan they have n't truly faced abject poverty and extreme islam . 
  yeah , how does the uk have more than pakistan ? 
  these first world muslims have different priorities . 
   the only danger to our culture except everyone who does n't fit into the neat little boxes of their various countries . 
  nice thought , except europe is suffering a huge amount of people with useless university degrees who are n't willing to work degrading jobs . 
  see : greece edit : okay , downvote me without telling me why i 'm wrong . 
  / r/european strikes agin, 
  yes brother !, 
  let us work together to molest white women and defile european culture !, 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the st. george 's cross is a pretty crappy flag . 
  now wales - there 's a flag i can get behind !, 
  and they both enjoy lovely clickbait titles . 
  well , if i was a porn manager , i think i could make a lot of money from someone as important as that . 
  well if i was going to hire a secretary for an important job , a porn star would n't be my first choice . 
  maybe not the same for vice versa however . 
  a porn actress is a federal secretary ? 
  colour me suprised . 
  i just think `` chwitzerland '', 
   if a war broke out this is n't 1914 . 
  people do n't want a glorious war . 
  if they tried to institute conscription , i do n't think it would go down too well . 
  i assume it was americans studying/touring in paris . 
  woosh inc. 
  just a short addition to your point , nearly all british tourism to spain is in the east . 
  balearic islands , barcelona , etc. 
  are the british tourism destinations . 
  the jews did this . 
  everyone knows these guys . 
  they do all kinds of racist shit , but the moment you accuse any of them , they turn around with vitrol and venom to call you the racist . 
  examples are : are you oppressing me ? 
  am i being detained ? 
  freedom of speech !, 
  are you telling me i ca n't be proud to be white ? 
  etc , etc , etc. 
  so , what happens ? 
  will they forcibly declare independence ? 
  will the spanish government try anything ? 
  i support catalan independence !, 
  tell that to northern ireland . 
  though i admit , there is something wonderfully idyllic about being able to go round europe without any fears of breaking the law . 
  i want to take a bicycle tour around the netherlands and belgium when i 'm older . 
  whats happening on 9th of november ? 
  also , i wonder what diplomatic relations between scotland and catalonia would be like . 
  1 . who says all that stuff will happen ? 
  with the current situation , both russia and ethnic russians will * not * be happy with suddenly being administered by ethnic germans , a minority in konigsberg . 
  the last time was a few months ago when putin annexed crimea . 
  \\  highest comment in / r/uk , / r/ukpolitics and 3rd highest in / r/europe about racism + pakistanis guys leddit censor ship omgg !!!, 
  funded straight from the pockets of putinski !, 
  rupert murdoch is n't stupid . 
  the rest of the high up cabal of the fox news media and murdoch 's monopoly are n't stupid . 
  they know what makes money . 
  they do n't give a shit whether some liberal thinks fox news is dumb , because they 'll just watch some other network or read some other post that still goes right into murdochs pocket . 
  i 'm no / r/conspiritard , but fact is the media is controlled - not by the rosthchilds or jews or whatever , but by cold calculating people who want to make some money . 
  it was a joke . 
  i understand schools are teaching people extreme islam . 
  thus raises the question about turkish kurds . 
  what happens to them ? 
  i do n't imagine many kurds will be too happy with their turkish neighbours . 
  is there brigading or something ? 
  have the racists all just woken up ? 
   london historically has had islamist ideology being taught openly without being challenged * historically * ? 
  i never got taught to be a jihadist . 
  but when your cousin is making death threats to people , you might be a little scared/inclined not to report him - because the threat of death is present . 
  he does n't have a flair so i 'm hoping he 's either an american or a troll . 
  my bad , too lazy to go check . 
  is russia known for its paintings ? 
  i 'd assume that would be italy . 
  i was going to comment something , but i realised it would be both hypocritical and anti-semetic , so i think we should be careful about what we say about israel and antisemetism . 
  why is russia painting the north sea ? 
  great . 
  that does n't make my point any less valid or correct . 
  ok , so you 'd like to have men wolf whistled at for what they 're wearing ? 
  you 'd like men to be payed less ? 
  you 'd like men to be shamed for being sexually promiscuous ? 
  you 'd like men wearing a certain type of clothes to be labelled homosexual ? 
  you 'd like men to suffer the threat of abuse or even rape ? 
  you 'd like men to be able to give birth ? 
  you 'd like men to be called a bitch for trying to raise on the work ladder ? 
  i did n't realise men 's rights activists were actually all submissives in disguise . 
  what he 's saying is that we want women to have what men have . 
  do n't be an ass and pretend that he 's trying to indoctrinate you with his feminazi lies . 
  they could always go full stalin and shift everything ( and everyone ) to siberia . 
  its how novosibirsk grew so big , not natural growth , but thousands of industrial workers being shifted off there .
