  it 's no wonder women can feel excluded when their mere thought of being excluded can be blamed on them . 
  thank you . 
  yeah i did forget , not some conspiracy to deny the boers their horror ... 
  i 'm always suspicious of these maps , as well as any phenotype based map . 
  they always seem to be based in fiction , presupposed beliefs and more often than not inaccurate data . 
  in fact the map itself even freely admits this :  plus data from 19th and 20th centuries ' migrations as well as  from national censuses censuses do often record ethnicities , but i do n't think that 's enough to draw skin colour . 
  and basing it on 19th century migrations is really really quite dumb . 
  just guessing here , but parts of south africa should be white as they have english/boer majorities , parts of northern australia should be whiter , and parts of europe should be a little darker such as major urban areas . 
   it was not all roses what , you mean the country/colony with the 20th centuries first genocide , and according to some scholars , the first truly `` geno `` cide ? 
  edit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/herero_and_namaqua_genocide, 
  liberals have a distinct anti-authoritarian streak . 
  thatcher was a hardcore authoritarian . 
  `` secure oil installations '' nothing is ever really about the `` people '' . 
  reddit has done a 180 and hates edgy atheists now . 
  but sometimes they forget their roots . 
  i would n't bother mate . 
  for some reason people love tax evaders . 
  something about `` if its not against the law , then good on them ! '' . 
  let 's see them apply that logic to immigrants . 
  yet our country is one of the few in the western world where tuberculosis is on the rise . 
  some 19th century pm was anglo indian , half indian on his mother 's side . 
  ca n't remember who . 
  we 've had jewish and canadian and irish and indian prime ministers . 
  for what reason ? 
  is all you do insult our allies ? 
  well considering the fact that he fought against them in the civil war ... 
  your government takes your possessions worth more than 1000 euros from you ? 
  and a repressive authoritarian state also . 
  i ca n't imagine we 'd ever introduce it . 
  well if you 're a nazi then its quite hypocritical . 
  it certainly seems to have worked with 1984 at least , not like all these kids are suddenly advocating super totalitarianism - even the ones who advocate hitler seem to be obsessed with free speech . 
  they 're humans and people as much as we are . 
  in the uk most of us are able to look past ethnicity , or at least i hope . 
  yes but at the same time there has been a pretty big reaction to it . 
  certainly in north yorkshire every attempt at opening some big global store is opposed heavily . 
  it 's why france and spain always get guttered . 
  maybe i 'm wrong here but are there * any * occitan separatists ? 
  forgive me if there are . 
  crap , that sounds like me , i do n't like bombing syria !, 
  i think he was making a joke . 
  i really hope so . 
  that or i just upvoted some nasty shit . 
  would you object to scottish people being a majority in northumberland then ? 
  i did n't know we had a nationally enforced culture , religion or moral system . 
  i thought we lived in a multicultural secular society with a legal system . 
  `` worse '' , what is negative about non-white ethnic groups living in london ? 
  why ? 
  this is tied to the nhs/public health england cuts , how are they supposed to afford treatment like this when they ca n't even pay for basic medicine . 
  this is tied to the nhs/public health england cuts , how are they supposed to afford treatment like this when they ca n't even pay for mri machines . 
  uk bills and acts are public for much much longer . 
  any greeks want to give their perspective ? 
  lol, 
  well it sucks that they invaded crimea too . 
  but it 's time to stop giving concessions to that bear . 
  ambulances , the opulent luxury of the decadent labourer, 
  what peaceful countryside country ? 
  this is n't some wordworth poem . 
  britain was the original industrial dystopia . 
  every european generation will have a ` strong ' leader . 
   they have a lot more experience of the world and remember things we were n't around to learn about . 
  aye , like global warming , an impossible to enter house market , demographic decline and the 2008 financial recession . 
  implying a french german super state is n't exactly what we need , anyway . 
  it seems a big trend that the biggest leave voters are the greatest receivers of eu funding . 
  the term ` sovereignty ' forever disgraced . 
  youth unemployment is an issue . 
  one that the johnson clique wo n't resolve . 
  young people overwhelmingly favour and benefit from the eu . 
  exactly , presumably the eu wants to encourage that . 
  because we are talking about iran here . 
  the exact same system killing our public services . 
   the vast majority of the world would have no say if german and austrians wish to unite true , but those that matter would . 
  because i remember some of the comments prior to the berlin wall falling . 
   `` silly political barriers '' . 
  you might call it that but the vast majority of the world ( sadly ) values these political institutions and will continue to keep them . 
   your chosen points of comparison demonstrate an amusing bias . 
  actually to be honest even north korea i would n't call an ethnostate . 
  i would call saudi arabia one though simply because of its racist laws , perhaps the same with malaysia . 
  but definitely not germany or austria , as they learned in 1945 . 
   there 's no reason except silly artificial political barriers for germany and austria to be separate . 
  yes there are many . 
  for example , the fact that austria consistently polls against not wanting it . 
  another , the political ramifications it has . 
  and a few others including that it would disrupt eu and certain laws , the fact that neither germany nor austria are `` ethno-states '' like north korea or saudi arabia , and finally that there are in fact very clear distinctions between austrian and german `` identity '' . 
  i do n't think that is necessarily relevant to the topic i brought up . 
  also it has its own weaknesses , regarding asian male masculinity , cultural values and alienation , and various other stuff that is n't necessarily covered by just their work ethic . 
  yes :-(, 
   the chance to be victimized does not depend on the ethnic background of the pupil this is important , i think , and being neglected . 
  tell that to your gdp per capita, 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slough ) just kidding , i love polish people and polish food and culture . 
  krakow was great . 
  it just slightly annoys me when i see polish people complain about multiculturalism/immigration because they have huge communities in the uk and germany , which have drawn their own xenophobia . 
  maybe piotr should n't then demand rights to immigrate to berlin or london and gain huge amounts of eu funding ? 
  your points would make sense if we lived in some autistic grey world where one may only look at numbers . 
  but we do n't . 
  wilders fans expected wilders to outperform the vvd . 
  the polls predicted pvv to beat vvd . 
  the politicians saw pvv as to beat vvd . 
  le pen and farage were ready for a vvd blowout . 
  / r/europe , and as an extent the general political community was waiting for a brexit-style , trump-style vvd success . 
  and it did n't happen .
