  actually it 's for the worst for the uk , since those ethnically romanian citizens usually become part of the educated/working class when they emigrate . 
  oh well , good for us , maybe there 's a future for our country in the end !, 
  but 70 % is still small in my opinion , if we were truly a strong state it would have to be 90 % at least . 
  well , indeed for an orphan it is better to have 2 dads than no dads , but how will you explain that to our religious zealots ? 
  in romania the problem is wide-spread due to religious people , which as an agnostic , i think there are too fucking many . 
  they are mainly old people but also young people , and those people you will never be able to convince that it is ok for gay people to marry and have children . 
  believed me i tried once , explaining to them how i met gay people and how they are perfectly normal in most aspects and nobody should accuse them . 
  they were looking at me as if i was the fucking ** anti-christ ** . 
  they started laughing here and there , used the words insane in a jokingly manner . 
  they kinda had to eat what i was telling them due to the fact that they were well aware i am more educated and knowledgeable than them ( those basically the common blocks that lived around me , so they do n't think much about such issues ) , but it was clear it was rubbing them the wrong way . 
  there are more issues , and many things are educational ... but one thing is certain . 
  at least in romania , as long as the church stays as such a pain in our ass , as such a corrupted entity only interested in power , and people stay as gullible and manipulable by it ( and gullible people will always exist sadly ) , than equal sexual rights will not truly happen . 
  at least in romania , if institutions want to make lgbt rights rise , they must invest in education of the masses and try to lend a hand in making the church fall !!, 
  you are studying in eth too ? 
  well that dude sounds like an ass , so do n't bother with him too much , 
  no , vladimir putin is a detestable person . 
  nobody should look to someone like that . 
  and i am highly educated , i would n't say it just like that , but all those competitions i won in mathematics , physics , and what not could at least give me the right to claim that . 
  anyhow , yes , i did not proof read , that comment was so long and it felt it was taking too much time . 
  i just try to convey my ideas as fast as possible , even our prime-minister ( which is super cool ) makes a lot of typos in his facebook comments to the sheeple , but we still appreciate that he takes the time to respond , no matter how much he rushes it . 
  your opinion about my person is irrelevant here , but i hope you at least understood how i feel about the situation , even if you accept that or not . 
  and then there is the sudden and very sad realization that , while i agree with everything you said and am very sorry for everything that happened to you ; slovakia and czech republic are still probably in the top 30 % in the world when it comes to respecting minorities and human rights , if not even top 20 % . 
  that 's how shit our current state of the world is really , you can choose to just watch it from an usa perspective or western perspective ... but that 's not exactly ideal , sadly ;( if not us , with whom could have the usa been in an alliance really ? 
  the middle east ? 
  china ? 
  south-east asia , the ever genocide heavy african nations ? 
  ( except for the southern part ) , the even worse and more bigoted south america ? 
  ... except for western europe and canada/australia/korea / japan , we were pretty much your only choice , want it or not , 
  i really did n't want to comment in this west vs east shit show that this comment section ended up being , but honestly i need to give you a reply because in a weird way , what you are referring to about ee 's complaining about the refugee crisis and annoying you , is what is annoying me about western euros complaining about eastern euros for simply having a different view . 
  ok , that was a mouthful , i will put it in a clearer view . 
  as a highly educated eastern euro who spent the last 8 years of his life in the west ( which is 1/3 of my life by the way ) i could not help but be in complete support to eastern europeans on the refugee crisis . 
  as many eastern states stated , forcibly relocating refugee there 's was simply idiotic , as all would try to run or feel cheated for not getting placed in germany , and how would you keep them there , by force ? 
  refuge started fucking crying even when they realized they ended up crossing the romanian border by mistake , how dafuq do you think that felt to us ? 
  it was very offensive , i 'll tell you that . 
  anyhow , so here 's the issue , it 's all about politics really . 
  when western politicians such as merkel saw a political benefit in being the mother of `` refugees '' she went all in for it , with many politicians from netherlands , france , the nordic countries etc. 
  the only reason why the western media ( which is just as much propaganda as russian propaganda really ) went so harshly on eastern states was because they did not buy into that . 
  in eastern europe being an all for more refugees politician was not bringing political capital , it was actually destroying you politically . 
  thus eastern politicians did n't buy into their play , and they went to place their own opinions against it . 
  that was all they had at the point , a different opinion , but they got called racists , bigots , nazi 's and what not for it !, 
  how would you not be frustrated at the western euros after you get that treatment just for not being as idiotically pc as them ? 
  of course , some leaders saw a way to win political capital from this and they went and created a shit show from the issue themselves , such as orban in hungary , the current leaders in the v4 as a more extensive example . 
  and that was probably what went in your face so much that it annoyed you , but it was n't at all different from what western european politicians did to us , it was exactly the same as a matter of fact , just on the other side . 
  so do n't you think you are a bit hypocritical when you are using a clear double measure like that ? 
  what i wanted to say is , that while i do support helping refugees and am a very educated person , i could not help but agree with most eastern politicians on the issue . 
  they correctly noticed that the entire solution of distribution was a complete shit and only done to offer the fake impression that something is done , it was only done for the political capital of western politicians , and they didnt want to commit political suicide in their own countries just for the western once to save face , how could i accuse them for that ? 
  for any open minded person there reaction was totally natural , even though exaggerated in some cases ( viktor orban ) . 
  now back to the issue , that did not stop western euros , such as you , from shitting on eastern euros for that , which in truth , was you throwing shit on us for having a different opinion on the issue from you . 
  take me for example , do you think i was against helping the refugees ? 
  i never was , i am not even now . 
  but the solutions proposed by the west were simply idiotic , the problem had to be solved at the core , around syria , were most refugees live , were all those women and children who can not make the trip are . 
  send money to lebanon , to turkey , to egypt , make those country help their brothers , they are of the same culture after all . 
  who could understand them better than their own kind ? 
  and yet , for simply having this different view on the solution , i got so much shit from people like you , how could i not get sick really ? 
  now a final example , take the politicians of romania , they were more moderate on the issue . 
  they voted against the mandatory quotas as they believed they were not a solution , however they did not oppose the relocation as it was enforced by the eu . 
  they even started doing it , by now i think they got like 30 refugees here . 
  why so little you wonder ? 
  they should be above 4500 coming here . 
  well , that 's because the fucking relocation hubs in italy and greece are not working , they are not even fucking operational . 
  that 's how much the eu actually cared about their relocation project , so much it does n't even work even if you want to do it . 
  but of course , it was never meant to work , it was always just a facade for the masses . 
  the only reason you are pissed is because eastern europeans did n't buy into your charade , and for that we annoy you ? 
  how hypocritical is that really , and because you are annoyed by that i am annoyed for your annoyance !, 
  is n't life really a wonder in the end ? 
   ) you are also completely ignoring the very fundamental part of how much western europe is getting from the eastern open markets and their economical growth which overflows in the west too ... currently eastern european nations are kinda the engine behind the sluggish growth that the eu is even having as a matter of fact , but let 's not go there , because i feel i would have to start another long long argument about that with you . 
  ps : i agree on the lgbt issue , still lots of things to solve . 
  it 's mainly due to the people being hard core religious here , and that is a result of communist oppression of religion . 
  you western euros forget or ignore too much that most eastern countries were still a dictatorship 26 years ago . 
  actually in romania 's case i would say the communist rule only fell somewhere in the 2000 's , which you can even see on our gdp graphs , the entire decade from 1990-2000 was a complete waste , nothing moved here , just things got demolished . 
  but for what we achieved in just 16 years and the amazingly fast improvements we are doing i can only be proud of my country , and if you can not see that it 's because of your long nose , not because of my peoples ' lack of efforts . 
  so i am sorry , but i 'm not sorry at all !, 
   have a nice day . 
  but he also has french citizenship , which he was bragging with or something , so france can arrest him as their own citizen and extradite him ... still it 's a mess for exactly that reason , he is israeli . 
  first we need to see how we can arrest him . 
  he is seemingly an israeli with a residence in geneva ( another one of those completely clean businessmen living in switzerland , i would know , i study in zurich ) , but has a french passport and french nationality , and calls himself an european jew . 
  therefore , we could make an european arrest warrant for this `` european jew '' and hope the french will arrest him for us as he is their citizen , but it will be a drag ... 
  i can see it . 
  compared to most eu nations , that 's still insignificant :p but true , it was a bit on the rise after the crisis . 
  i know i know , but when i was referring to our debt i was not directly referring to this article . 
  i just know from other sources we have one of the smallest debt per capita in the eu together with bulgaria ... there were other nations too , like slovenia , which had low debt as well . 
  my comment was actually more in regard with another article on the top page , the one about minimal wages , which showed how shitty the situation was here . 
  romania and bulgaria really have a very low amount of debt , you can check that from other sources if you do n't trust me . 
  in romania 's case we even have a history of paying debt . 
  the former dictator ceausescu was so mad with paying foreign debt he made the population hunger for it , which ultimately resulted in protests and his demise . 
  we are romania , we always pay our debts !, 
  no matter how many romanians we have to make hunger for it . 
  - lannister approved now if only saarland was a romanian province ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i would rather we had a bit of a larger debt but higher minimum wages , which they are kinda trying to do in may , but still ... can not do much because eu regulations . 
  must control that 3 % deficit at all costs !, 
  do n't waste money you do n't have romania , you are not greece !, 
  you forgot your / s dude  ) but seriously , if romanians had to learn the shitty english way of spelling , which is completely different from the way you write your words , you need to be punished back too !, 
  short description : the dna demands the arrest of 4 israeli businessmen , among which is the billionaire beny steinmetz , suspects in the file of remus truica and paul de la roumanie ( a guy who tried to say he is the true inheritor of the crown ( he is an illicit descendant of the king ) and demanded monarchy rights ) . 
  the wealth of steinmetz sums up to 1.2 billion dollars , resulting from businesses with diamonds , mining , and real estate projects . 
  the dna press release : in completion of the press release nr . 
  230/viii/3 from 3 march 2016 regarding the illegal restitution of a 47h surface of forest placed in snagov and regarding the illegal restitution of the baneasa farm ; the information and public relations burro is authorized to communicate the fallowing : on 17 december 2015 , the dna prosecutors from the territorial service of brasov have started a case against the criminal actions of the defendants : 1 . 
  tal silberstein , business man , for committing the criminal acts of creating an organized criminal group , influence peddling , and complicity in money laundering . 
  shimon shevez and benjamin `` beny '' steinmetz , business men , for committing the criminal acts of creating an organized criminal group , complicty in influence peddling , and complicity in money laundering . 
  moshe agavi , business man , for committing the criminal acts of becoming a member of an organized criminal group . 
  then the prosecutors start presenting , in their ruling , some data and evidences that confirms the suspicions .
