if people stopped using adblock for every fucking website and actually made a white list , there would be no problem . 
  they 're too lazy to switch tabs when an ad appears on youtube . 
  they ca n't make a whitelist . 
  surprise surprise , despite what a lot of people seem to have told you , minorities do find important jobs . 
  you can live in paris and talk something else than french . 
  point being that just like 99 % of france 's shitty politicians are still relevant in mediums or occupying a power position , he is, 
   i knew french hates the turks ?? 
  france and turkey have a long history of collaborating with each other you know ? 
  also french communities and turkish ones are common in both countries . 
  i was making a point that several countries sell weapons without a legit reason and was mocking my prime minister who has been saying bullshit over bullshit for the past year . 
  maybe follow . 
  as a frenchman , i 'm actually waiting the moment my dumb prime minister will claim that selling weapons to turkey , that then sells them to terrorist groups targeting france and french troops in middle east and africa protects france . 
  i really wonder how you can be so stupid . 
  for somebody to not understand banning a clothing wo n't change anything about a culture 's root , it shows a great lack of education and a lack of knowledge about civilizations to begin with . 
  knowledge you get at school while taking history lessons . 
  and talking about fucking temperatures about clothings is just as stupid . 
  i wear heavy clothings even in summer when i want to , should it be forbidden ? 
  of course not . 
  if you wanted to commit a crime you 'd have a mask anyway . 
  that 's how it has always been . 
  itt : people who do n't understand how oppression works and that removing clothings wo n't make the problem disappear ; also itt people who do n't understand their govt is only doing it to distract them . 
  it 's hilarious, 
  `` we 're talking about meat here , so i 'm here to talk about the virtues of cheese gentlemen '', 
   on another note if you cant work out how impractical , opressive and just plain stupid it is to wear those styles of clothing outside every day , especially in 35 \u00b0 c/95 f in the sun , nobody can help you . 
  if you ca n't see how impractical , opressive and just plain stupid it is to forbid wearing those styles of clothing , nobody can help you . 
   you have no ground to say the opposite , while the other side has a few well known factors . 
  we 're talking about european countries in which immigrant youth is flourishing thanks to education and self-awareness . 
  what about you thought that maybe they are n't as dumb as you think they are ? 
   i have a hard time believing there 's an overwhelming amount of educated women that would naturally enjoy wearing what those things represent . 
  you can be educated and dismiss a symbol by wearing it if you want to and not wearing it if you do n't want to . 
   it 's more like the burqa is a symbol of women slavery and there 's no place for that in a modern society . 
  what if you let people defy this `` symbol '' by wearing said symbol freely , hmm ? 
  as long as i do n't say stupid things , it 's okay . 
  you should do the same . 
  but seeing your post history , you ca n't . 
  stupidity is n't allowed in people 's house , that 's his point . 
  you might have supported trump , but supporting him * now * is the single most efficient proof of stupidity mankind ever came up with . 
  you could shoot yourself in the feet and you 'd appear more sane than if you support trump . 
  because trump is shooting holes the size of meteors in his own country . 
  seeing you using the term `` weaboos '' , which is demeaning and misused pushes me to think the contrary though . 
  that 's not very smart to talk badly of another culture without knowing it . 
  the one with cl\u00e9op\u00e2tre was a masterpiece of humor though . 
  if you 're talking about * ast\u00e9rix & ob\u00e9lix xxl 2 : mission las vegum * , i loved that game . 
  it was so good for its time . 
  if i ever find this game on the net , i 'll play the shit out of it . 
  i do n't even understand how they managed to make such a smart game at this time . 
  if muteahhit is the name of the guy seeking the heroes ' help , then he actually is an architect in the original comics . 
  you should actually read manga , strange hair styles are uncommon most of the time . 
  so you 're worried that a civilization that has been a minority and made a scapegoat for dozens of years in europe might one day become a majority and have a lot of power , but at no point you think that you should work on changing the policies concerning those people so that bad things do n't happen ???????? 
  that 's exactly what creates problems . 
  by islamists you either think people who magically enough , can do well without them being attacked if you educate them ; or the terrorists who do n't magically happen or come live here ? 
  they do n't live in europe , they get converted in europe because of racism , xenophobia , and islamophobia , which strangely enough , is n't something muslims themselves hold much power about . 
  surprise surprise , the country has a role and responsabilities . 
  stop shifting roles onto people who do n't have any power and are victims , that 's how you create even more racism and xenophobia . 
  also , you people need to fucking realize that the religion = / = sharia law or whatever . 
  that 's being desillusional . 
  then is he somehow trying to advocate to kill you for not being one or anything like that ? 
  :d that would be surprising , right ? 
  contradicting everything you 're trying to accomplish . 
  i think you should talk with people who actually live by this religion since you 're unable to think for yourself with logic in mind . 
   but i worry about 20 % muslim populations somehow democratically banning free speech and allowing in even more muslims , funding mosques with tax money , those are very scary things for me considering i believe the quran teachings are dangerous and can be interpreted to hate and deceive/kill non-believes and polytheists . 
  you 're aware that this whole portion of your post is basically you not realizing that those things are false/can be avoided by simply not being afraid ? 
  they wo n't come and vote so that rape becomes legal , nor will they take tax moneys for religion , because oh surprise , it 's fucking forbidden . 
  and the quran 's teachings in themselves are n't bad if you even knew the 5 islam pillars . 
  stop being afraid of ghosts in the dark and light up your goddamn torch . 
  if you actually knew what you were talking about , you 'd know the one part you 're talking about says that in case of attack , it 's ok to kill to defend your life , but that attacking other people is n't ok . 
  i think you need to take a look at a history book , because this is nothing but the start of what happened in 1930s, 
  sorry to burst your bubble , but for years , france refused to take anybody ( if we 're talking about refugees ) . 
  there was no `` invasion '' like they like to talk about it , just fake informations . 
  also , there is no `` forced colonization '' , and do n't expect of me to defend racist people . 
  they 're the problem in our country and the reason politicians can take away each of our liberties and hard-earned rights one by one . 
  france is finally doing something to help a few people and suddenly it 's `` a forced colonization '' ? 
  when they beat up migrants and forced them to leave , or even denied them the right to go to england for no legal reason ? 
  when they let other countries take thousands in all the while saying `` if france take even one our whole economy will crumble , believe me '' ? 
  sorry but i do n't buy that bullshit , i 'm not 8 anymore , unlike many people , and i 'm more focused on the billions of euros our politicians are stealing for themselves every year  too bad a lot of people are too dumb to understand that those are the real problems , and not the fact that some people decided to come in our country . 
  edit : i just read some of your previous posts . 
  i do n't want to have anything to do with somebody who thinks black people are genetically inferior to white people because he decided so . 
  have a fun day . 
  the us is the land where everything is big and the same . 
  is that better ? 
  or do i have to remind you on what values the us are based and why people went to live there ? 
  the usa are the biggest strawman of the world . 
  built on strawman , and raised on strawman , moulded by it . 
  did you read my post or not ? 
  i said `` the last 4 acts of terrorism ( not on a large scale ) '' , meaning that i 'm talking about * terrorism * and not just `` big scale attack '' terrorism . 
  kkk did terrorism , but if i tell you `` terrorism '' you 'll think 9/11 , not `` killed 5 black people '' . 
  do n't you think that the race might be one of the biggest influence of one 's socioeconomic status ? 
  because that 's basically everything that history classes tell us about racism , i 'd be surprised if it was n't the same in the us , especially seeing 2014 and 2015 . 
  dear neighbour , my country is also under invasion !, 
  all i see are people who are not exactly like me !, 
  send help as a token of friendship , there are people who are n't white and catholics here !, 
  french person here , the last 4 acts of terrorism ( not on a large scale ) were made by people attacking migrants/burning centers made to host them . 
  the only thing that 's putting people in danger here are stupid racist people . 
  asian culture revolves around education . 
  education -  money , education -  social life , education -  good member of society . 
  and since it 's mostly recent migration , they do n't have their history of being discriminated . 
  they come to study and work and people do n't bother them because they just arrived and have no history of being a problem to the society . 
  they are partially due to discrimination , yes . 
  as a french person , how the hell do you think they get more soldiers from fucking * france * after those attacks ? 
  why do you think they attacked france , which is on the bottom of their * publicly shared hit-list * ?
