  look at some of the other comments in both that thread and others . 
  there are much worse ones with people saying stuff like `` british voted for it , send them all the black people '' and shit . 
  it is childish and disgusting . 
  hatred against the brits has greatly increased here since brexit and it is affecting the ability of others to remain rational and calm . 
  on a phone using rif so it 's pretty inconvenient for me to drag up tons of old anti-brit related crap right now . 
  go through my comment history to before brexit happened then i guess ... ? 
  you did n't get a certificate of proof for voting in it that would allow me to prove otherwise , not that i should be required to regardless . 
  easy enough to make your own choice than me attempt to prove myself only to be accused of either not voting or not being instantly judged , or burning down mosques or something ridiculous . 
  if you voted in , you 're treated with suspicion . 
  if you voted out you are a racist . 
  if you did n't vote you 're a moron ... right ? 
  god damn polish plumbers always flooding countries . 
  we 're just lucky they did n't head for the netherlands :(, 
  i completely agree . 
  i want to be back in the eu . 
  i want progression and reform as it is best for all of us . 
  i completely support controlled immigration but i do not believe the present situation is under control . 
  i 'll be unable to support the eu if it did start * using * other human beings as a form of punishment , but i fear that people have lost humanity and it would * already * seem people support such insanity . 
  it just goes against the core values we are supposed to have as civilized people and i have no desire to see us all back to the era of transporting humans as a form of punishment . 
  to say it would be a step back for humanity would be an understatement . 
  arrests are often made and the creator of the original silk road fell for multiple stings himself after hiring a hitman ( and is now in prison ) . 
  local police departments might be shit but departments like fbi , the uks nca and others all have active operations that are setup as sting ops . 
  not to mention every once and a while a market disappears , and in some cases people get a knock at the door not long after . 
  i would n't be suprised if some of the people that did steal btc from their own markets also sold people out as well . 
  i could n't comment on my own history or lack of history with the dnms . 
  just 2 days ago people in this very sub were [ advocating the idea of shipping immigrants like cattle into the uk as a form of punishment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4twub9/france_demands_explanations_from_may_over_delays/d5l9gmj ) . . thankfully the people that actually run the eu are not the people that would usually agree with such things . 
  i 'm a remain voter that wanted to stay in the eu for reform but shit like that makes me question whether or not i should bother . 
  the idea you can `` punish '' a nation has never worked well historically , and will only cause fear within both eu and uk . 
  not to mention increased immigration right now will only increase the power of the far right and further divide the eu . 
  many of which are sting ops . 
  many of which are sting ops . 
  relevant username ... troll ? 
  go to the moon . 
  eh , you repeated him ? 
  doing so would cause even more uncertainty across the eu leading to a rise in the far right . 
  better for both of us to collaborate in a friendly and efficient manner . 
  so you think flooding countries with refugees is the right solution ? 
  the solution the eu should take ? 
  if shipping humans like cattle as a way of demonstrating a punishment is how the eu plans to reform , i would prefer to play no part in such a thing . 
  nope . 
  but the entirety of the eu is foaming at the mouth because of a ridiculously executed non binding referendum that was heavily manipulated by the media that was also heavily divided . 
  but now all the hate against those of us that were pro-eu is coming out , i 'm starting to feel more at ease with the whole shitshow . 
  do n't forget gchq/mi6 spies on millions of americans , and in return you get to use the excuse that * america does n't spy on its own citizens , freedom etc. . * all while avoiding some of the laws that get in the way . 
  same happens here . 
  privacy laws are irrelevant when it 's another nation doing the spying and the other nation gets a big thumbs up when they catch someone and everyone forgets about it . 
  just goes to show that you can erode freedom slowly , bit by bit ... and the citizens may not even notice . 
  i 'm both saddened but impressed . 
   you do realise that # 35k cut off law is what brought millions of illegal indians and pakistani immigrants to the uk ? 
  source ? 
   they come over on student visas with fake credentials , or as tourists etc. 
  and they set fire to their documents , making repatriation impossible because their identity can no longer be verified and the indian government wo n't accept repatriation without a thorough investigation which lasts 30 + years . 
  as much as i hate theresa may , this is exactly the sort of hole she will plug . 
  she is already meddling with the human rights act iirc . 
  we 're not entirely out of the picture yet . 
  i would n't quite call it a dictatorship either ... although it will definitely have an impact . 
  there 's a big difference between making your opinion heard , and to be seen as `` demanding '' . 
  to a lot of the british public ( and others in the eu ) it will just strike fear and anger in the right if germany is seen to be `` demanding '' things . 
  if ever . 
  it is n't impossible for a situation in which nobody wants to invoke it ( despite what they have previously said -- politicians are well known for that ! ), 
  and it just gets handed down to someone else each time . 
  cameron already said he would invoke it himself but he did n't -- not that he should of done either at the time . . but regardless , i 'm more inclined to believe may will not invoke it , despite her statement . 
  a few years pass and thanks to the fact the referendum was non-binding , and with the public and politicians being more inclined to remain due to instability , it just is n't invoked . 
  just saying it is n't outside the realms of impossibility , and as we have witnessed -- words from politicians mean nothing . 
  not exactly ... but for the most part , yes . 
  we have a small portion of morons that are snidely using the vote as a reason for violence . 
  it 'll remain a small portion because the rest of the nation simply wont put up with it . 
  we are a very integrated society , and so when you start attacking people based on colour or nationality ... 
  it ends up being a one way train ride to natural selection . 
  yeah , and it is shitty , but the majority of british people think these twats are plebs . 
  they are just celebrating in a tribal fashion just as people would in other nations . 
  eventually they will realize how isolated they are from the world and themselves . 
  fuck them . 
  but do n't use them as a basis to hate the rest of us brits . 
  no doubt . 
  but it has happened and yet before brexit it did n't even make national news ... let alone global . 
   surprise , turns out that complete dipshits and people who support them are a majority in uk . 
  we are very divided , but that is simply not true . 
  there is absolutely no way * the majority of the british public support attacks on polish individuals * . 
  so much media bullshit . 
  when a british moron gets attacked in spain , do we blame all the spanish ? 
  is it headline news ? 
  if spain had a referendum would it become headline news ? 
  probably ... 
  yet just in the way many hate us , many also like us . 
  a divided opinion . 
  strange how before brexit , attacks against foreign nationals were not headline news and the nationality rarely mattered . 
  nothing has changed . 
  people have not changed . 
  a few are being exposed . 
  good . 
  but the largest change is how news is reported . 
  i have been witness to attacks against polish and lithuanian on two occasions that did not make any news . 
  if those attacks happened today - they would be headline news . 
  yet if it happened to british or americans , it would likely still not make the news . 
  i love the polish here . 
  we have a lot in my town as many people come from around the eu for work on the farms . 
  we have 2 individual shops stocked with goods more popular in east-eu , and decent beer . 
  i visit them all the time and have made friends with a few of the polish and lithuanian 's . 
  please dont let scum or tabloid headlines define your opinion of an entire nation . 
  i 'll probably get downvoted for saying it , but * attacks against other people * were happening before brexit .
