  you are welcome to do that . 
  rather then taking this personally , you might want to take a step back . 
  my arguments are attacking your beliefs , not you , and i have never said anything in attempt to stop the discussion of the beliefs . 
  if you do n't think you can answer my arguments , that is fine , but do n't act like i am stopping you from arguing any point that you have in this argument . 
  i will say that when someone switches from arguing to playing the victim and acting offended in argument is when they have lost and their usual arguments are disproved . 
  like you said   better bury the reality and be ignorant than discuss how the world works . 
  nothing you said actually responds to my statement , you are n't some martyr who sees the truth , you are stating what everyone understands . 
  just because every country looks out for their own interests does n't mean every country is the same in regards to whom you should side with , because most of the time countries interests will coincide . 
  the reason the eu and the usa are friends , and allies , is because the countries interests are very similar , however russia 's interests are not entirely compatible with either the u.s 's or europe 's , and since russia 's interests do not coincide with the eu 's , they invaded and annexed crimea and have started a fairly low intensity war in ukraine , over that interest . 
  now the united states has started wars for their interests that have killed millions of people , but the united states does n't start wars against it 's stable neighbors for their land , and does n't destabilize europe , or it 's neighbors , with those wars . 
  now i am sure you are going to find some way to make everything i said out to be how everyone is evil and that america is evil and russia is only as evil as the u.s etc , but i am going to finish on this point . 
  the reason russia is vilified right now is because better is expected of russia . 
  russia has lots of advantages of a country , and instead of being a country that can provide some stability to the world , it helps destabilize it . 
  russia has no reason to do anything they do , they are secure in their own territory , they have huge amounts of natural resources , and russia is a country that is developed , with people who are civilized . 
  russia annexing crimea is the exact opposite of what is expected of them , there was very little reason to do it , and it created a major issue when there was no need for it . 
  russia is n't exploiting anything now , it 's running along like a chicken with it 's head cut off because it ca n't figure out how to behave like a civilized nation . 
  russia is vilified because all of it 's mistakes come from it 's own choices , and that as a nation , it has chosen to destabilize things rather then attempt to stabilize them . 
  no one wants a destabilized europe , and russia is playing with fire by setting itself as an enemy to the west . 
  no one wants a war , and yet russia unfortunately behaves like it is inevitable /, 
  that is a terrible argument , being genetically superior does n't matter in terms of respect , being the strongest does . 
  this is evidenced by the fact that both germany and japan , after their ideals of homogeneous populations led them to losing a a war , having two nukes dropped on one of them , and then being made colonies for several years by those lesser countries that they felt they were better then . 
  better then annexing parts of sovereign countries to get what we want do n't you think ? 
  they could be refugees claiming asylum ? 
  we really do n't want them . 
  the problem is that a large portion of the 1.3 billion will be too old to work while the younger portion has to support them while there are far less of them . 
  in 15 years china will have just begun that slow demographic death that results from an inverted population period , just as it begins to transition from industrial to modern economy . 
  india by that time will have cheaper labor and workers , with better demograhpic , china will lose their industrial power to india due to price , while china will be sensible and go modern with services and high tech , problem is demographically china ca n't do that , because the population be mostly above 60 . 
  china is in a very bad spot right now , and fixing it is going to be a major problem . 
  sure , take all of them , we do n't need treasonous rebels . 
  can it be someone other then germans this time ? 
  maybe france or poland ? 
  germany has already lost twice , a 3rd would be kinda sad . 
   if everyone , regardless of political affiliation , just worked to improve their country instead of being concerned with partisan bickering and political implications , the world could be so much better that world only will ever exist in fairy tales unfortunately , because human nature , animal nature , is entirely against that . 
  we are proud of our actions thank you very much , and dumb people do n't get to be imperialists . 
  so no , that is n't hate speech , just constructive criticism . 
  the difference is the concept of how frightened there are . 
  the reason japan stopped their radical ideology is both due to the fact that they were rebuilt after the war , and also because they were bombed continuously for months , killing hundreds of thousands indiscriminately , in terrible manners i might add . 
  this was then highlighted with the dropping of two weapons that wiped cities out , and after the surrender was occupied by a military force that continues to this day . 
  i am not advocating this strategy by the way , it is likely too high of price and immoral . 
  you are right that a little bit of fear creates more problems , but fear that comes from the concept of knowing that everyone around you in your land is dying from things that are dropped from the sky and you ca n't strike back , and that those things do n't care if you are a civilian , soldier , or anything else , they are just there to kill you is different . 
  that type of fear you lose hope , and the only way to win a war against an ideology like radical islam , or bushido , or nazism , is to kill the hope that those ideologies bring , at least as far as we know . 
  yes we do , however fighting for an enemy state is not treasonous persae , it 's actually a separate crime under american law . 
  honestly , that social stigma is a good thing , as long as it 's not overblown , because it goes away eventually , and it forces you to integrate , well hopefully it would . 
  allowing segregated communities for immigrants is the stupidest idea ever made in this whole situations , i am surprised that no one is trying to change that . 
  the problem is that no one is forced to become `` insert new nationality here '' over their own identifiers . 
  public opinion does n't force it , and there is nothing in place to do so . 
  immigrating to the u.s with the attitude that you are not an american first means that you likely are not going to be given jobs , have many friends , or have anything good happen to you in your community . 
  we have a lot of sudanese immigrants that have been coming here for about 7-8 years . 
  the first thing you notice about them is that they are american , they dress western , they listen to the same music , they behave as americans , and they tell everyone else how they are american . 
  you can have your flag and guns back my friend , your reasoning is valid . 
  sorry , the last time rome fell it was to the nation that you are referring to you . 
  might want to rethink that statement in a historical sense . 
  damn commie , turn in your flag and guns . 
  oh dear christ , if you are going to say things in an attempt to discredit someone , make them reasonable statements , not nonsense . 
  true , however in terms of sop there is a checklist to do in case a smaller boat is approaching you . 
  for example you try to get their attention with various means first , then you move on to warding them off , and finally you get to actually shooting them because they have ignored the first part of things your do . 
  for example , a fishing boat coming up towards a destroyer will have several warnings before a warning shot is fired across their bow . 
  warning shots also are fairly mundane ways to get people to stop approaching a ship , it gets attention , and it also shows that the ship is serious about defending herself . 
  it 's not an escalation until that warning shot his something , and in regards to sop in an around the the middle east you can bet there is a major emphasis on not letting small boats like that get near you , and generally a warning shot will inform anyone who is not looking for a fight to back off . 
  i would n't be too worked up about this incident mostly because it seems like russia followed procedure in terms of checking off the list of `` how to stop that fishing boat from getting close to us '' , and the warning shot was not made in aggression , but rather in a defensive action . 
  it 's standard procedure in the u.s navy as well , after the u.s.s cole , we realized that it 's probably better that you do n't let fishing boats ram you . 
  to be fair , the comparison would be in the u.s ' favor no matter who you picked , at least in terms of air craft . 
  i am not actually arguing the russian need for aircraft carriers just so you know , it 's not really a weakness in their military doctrine , they do n't have any real reason to be forward basing aircraft or fleets anywhere , they would n't accomplish anything by it , to compete with nato would require a huge financial and military investment , and even then the results would be debatable . 
  russia 's defensive mindset and local air power doctrine is far cheaper and more useful to them then some sort of carrier based fleet with which there are basically two purposes for , one of which would be propaganda and funneling money for kickbacks , the other for a failed attempt to wrest naval control of the atlantic from the u.s , which would go incredibly badly for russia . 
  anti-ship missiles are a major component of the russian naval doctrine because of their lack of aircraft carriers with anti-ship aircraft . 
  you are comparing two different naval doctrines and attempting to determine who would win based on a few criteria points , which is a bad way to do it . 
  the u.s stopped fitting ships with anti-ship missles when the u.s naval doctrine switched to carrier groups being the center place of the fleet and the escorts screening the carriers from missles and air craft , while the carrier aircraft do the offensive striking and air superiority.this is a departure from the cruiser and destroyer naval missions before the 1970s which gave the destroyers and cruisers the responsibilty of screening the carrier group from ships , while the aircraft held air-superiority and did far less naval interdiction . 
  this change in doctrine happened due to changes in missile technology , and realizing that out ranging missiles is easier then countering them , and the purpose the aircraft carrier is to hit enemy blue water fleets before they can hit you , and run away if the attack fails . 
  the difference is actually fairly subtle , but it 's very close to the difference between the interwar period and world war 2 in fleet doctrine , with slower , heavier battleships being replaced by faster and more maneuverable aircraft carriers that have longer range . 
  this happened because the guns on battleships became large enough that you could n't put enough plating to protect yourself from them efficiently , so you had to avoid being hit . 
  the switch from battleship centric fleet doctrine and aircraft carrier centric fleet doctrine happened for the very same reason that the u.s switched from escort anti-ship doctrine and carrier aircraft anti-air and less anti-ship doctrine to escort screening doctrine and carrier aircraft offensive naval doctrine . 
  eventually it was realized that trying to stop a bunch of missiles was pointless , it was also realized that cruisers and destroyers could not operate on their own without carrier aircraft support , which is why there are no longer any cruiser centric fleets , even though the ticonderoga class was originally slated to fulfill a c & c role , instead they switched to a dedicated anti-air role , with naval launched cruise missiles being secondary . 
  if you take a look at the roles u.s blue water ships fulfill , the only offensive part of any fleet is the carrier aircraft and subs , and subs are secondary in that role , mostly used to screen in asw roles . 
  destroyers are used as anti-missile and to a lesser extent anti-air , while also doing asw roles with the helicopters they carry . 
  cruisers are anti-air and anti-missile , usually only a few per fleet at most , although there is almost always at least one , carrier aircraft do a majority of the naval interdiction , and provide aaw duty away from the carrier group , while also providing an air-intercept function , although now that the f-14 is gone , air-intercept is less of a focus , due to the shorter range of the aams and the greater ability of radar and ecm on ships , allowing cruisers to fufill a better part of that duty . 
  russia on the other hand subscribes to a more defensive posture in their naval doctrine . 
  anti-ship missiles are defensive in nature , because of their shorter range then aircraft , and the fact that it 's harder for them to deal with ecm then aircraft in terms of targeting . 
  russia expects that a blue water naval fight would happen close to their shores , rather then in a forward location , allowing them to take advantage of land based aircraft to deal with american carrier aircraft , and overwhelm u.s aegis defensive systems with both asms launched from their ships , as well as launched from their aircraft . 
  this obviously means that russia would not be striking u.s aircraft carriers in the skies , but rather waiting for the u.s to come to them , compensating for russia 's relatively weaker engines and lesser amount of fighter and naval strike aircraft , but greater focus on anti-air technology in terms of both land sams and short range air-intercept doctrine . 
  this doctrine also gives places greater focus on russian sub tactics to deal with the naval ships , specifically the cruisers . 
  once the carrier groups air resources had been spent , russia would hope to have achieved at least air parity , and also dealt with several american cruisers , this would allow russia to hopefully begin striking with long range aircraft , and their anti-ship missiles would come into play due to less effective american anti-ship missile countermeasures , due to the loss of their cruisers , and hopefully a few destroyers , as well as a decrease in radar capabilities from the loss of the cruisers . 
  in the potential confrontation over estonia , this is all pointless however , no one is going to place aircraft carriers that close to russian airbases when you have nato airbases all over europe , in fact naval warfare in russia-nato war where russia was trying to grab the baltic would be more sub and asw based , while carrier groups would be used to strike objectives that were tertiary , or provide support for material transport across the atlantic . 
  they would also likely be used as anti-air platforms to deal with threats from russian bombers , or deal with potential russian invasion sites in the atlantic or pacific . 
  the atlantic is not the pacific mind you , rather then the naval role being the primary focus like it would be in the pacific , in the atlantic , and the european theatre , both sides have all the airbases they need on land , they are n't needed to forward strike , and neither side would be fighting major blue water naval battles in the atlantic , because there is basically nothing to gain from it , other then interdicting american material shipping , the russian 's know however that they ca n't compete with the american navy if they forward deploy , and fighting in the atlantic over the sea lanes is basically fighting in the united state 's backyard , so they would not use blue water naval power to interdict , rather they would use subs and long range strike aircraft , hopefully base somewhere closer then kola , possibly norway or iceland if they could grab it , or even better , having a central or south american ally to base aircraft at , allowing them to strike american shipping closer to home , and give them a far shorter flight time . 
  an air base in syria would accomplish something very similar to this in the event of a russian turkey/greek war , interdicting nato supplies and men via land based aircraft but to a far lesser extant due to the large nato fleet and air presence in the area . 
  so in summary , this argument is stupid , both of you are applying the wrong strategy and thought to the wrong doctrine , and wrong scenario . 
  neither russia nor america expect to fight major blue water naval battles with each other in almost any scenario , and the fact is that both sides know that russia would lose if they were forward deployed , and that america has literally zero reason to deploy close enough to russia with a major blue water fleet that russia 's doctrine would come into play , nor does america have a reason to deploy carriers as air bases to strike russia in any event , even in the pacific , vladivostok is n't far enough away from japan or korea to be an issue , and once again , the theatre that would be the major contention would be the european and the north atlantic , possibly the mediterranean . 
  even a war in pacific would n't come into play for russian blue water naval doctrine , because russia is n't going to try to invade hawaii , you need air support to win offensive actions , and russia knows it ca n't match us air power when they forward deploy , because they do n't have carriers , so their anti-ship missiles would even get the chance to fire , because they 'd have been killed by that f-18 firing anti-ship missiles out of range of their ship based sams or even out of radar range , while the u.s has bases in japan and south korea that house aircraft that can support offensive operations in russian territory , as well as in alaska . 
  this is a really silly thing to argue about in terms of russia versus nato . 
  u.s versus china you might have something to talk about , because the u.s would need to forward deploy aircraft carriers , in range of anti-ship missiles , depending on what you believe about chinese asm capabilities , but russia versus the u.s is not going to be a naval war if it ever happens , except in terms of asw and sub fighting . 
  the u.s would n't launch long range bombers on a heading that would penetrate russian territorial airspace from the u.s , you do n't send out one of your nuclear triad points like that for a regional confrontation , doing so would be an escalation , and at that point you would expect the war to go nuclear , because no one in their right mind would take the chance that those bombers are carrying just conventional munitions . 
  the minute a russian bomber that was armed clipped into the united states territorial airspace the plane would be shot down . 
  flying into the adiz is one thing , flying into actual territorial airpsace is another . 
  one of these is a mild test of air responsiveness , everyone does it . 
  flying into territorial airspace however , especially with aircraft that are used to engage in combat , not recon ones , is seen as an aggressive action . 
  russian aircraft are usually pretty good about it , at least with some of the bigger members of nato , however they messed up with turkey . 
  last time i checked , they are n't a single party government headed by someone with authoritative power . 
  they also are n't using force to put down dissent and they are not cutting out human rights . 
  yea , because all this instability was caused by the u.s , even though you know , assad had a civil war happen internally by his own people . 
  fellow american , you sound like a communist .
