  as if the uk and the us would ever actually break the relationship , i myself get frustrated reading comments , but i am seated enough in reality to understand that if worst comes to worst , the canada , the uk , aus , and nz will always stand together , it 's just irritating to see the opinion of citizens of those countries acting like the us does n't have an important stake in all of it . 
  i mean seriously , if the us has to choose , they will choose the uk over the eu no matter what , not even a question , but the us does n't want to have to choose , and that 's why the u.s government is giving their opinion . 
  honestly , the fact that we have so many strategic partnerships with the uk should give us some right to comment on internal affairs , just like the uk has every right to comment on american affairs , in fact , if you ask most americans , we all agree that the uk has earned the right to comment on our internal policies . 
  we 'd just like some parity in that , but honestly , it 's not a big deal , just frustrating to see people think of their closest ally as nation that does n't matter . 
  you mean like how the trident missles you guys use use our launch vehicles ? 
  perhaps if you do n't care about our opinion , we should stop cooperating with a country like the uk on a strategic level . 
  if this is how our relationship is percieved i 'm all for cutting 5 eyes , joint command units , and just about every strategic level partnership . 
  shitty allies do n't deserve a relationship . 
  we are n't trying to change the vote , we are giving our opinion , just like the uk does on literally everything about the u.s, 
  okay , let 's have the u.s fly b-2s and b-52s all around russia , you should n't complain . 
  no , because p-3 orions are n't strategic bombers , the correct analogy would be if the u.s flew b-2s or b-52s into the black sea and around the baltics . 
  the netherlands already did , guess you guys learned your lesson from provoking russia with that civilian airliner ? 
  i mean if the uk were to follow your policy america would gladly put the trident missiles that you lease from us on the table of being revoked . 
  the uk and the us have a strategic partnership in just about every area . 
  the uk get 's to listen to our opinions , and we get to listen to yours , that 's what 's being a partnership is . 
  the uk remains influential because of the special relationship , and the whole nationalism that is making a resurgence there is idiotic , especially because it comes under the guise of pissing off your bigger partners . 
  i personally do n't care how you vote , but if the sitting u.s president has an opinion , then perhaps the people of the uk should factor that in , because you are right , the u.s is stating the opinion in regards to how the voting will affect us . 
  the u.s does not make strategic partnerships with nations that hurt our strategic interests , or who consistently torpedo our interests . 
  if the uk wants to start harming u.s interests , the uk will start seeing itself removed from the 5 eyes , and likely from other bilateral partnerships , if that would serve our interests better . 
  we really do n't care who we ally with , as long as they are actually allies . 
  we also do n't care who stops being our ally , as long as they are becoming a problem for us . 
  yea because you had just gassed millions of people and ruined a continent . 
  germany was literally rubble , the marshall plan was far more helpful to germany then the patents were , we could have taken the patents without giving you anything . 
  you are visa violating , and you are being treated fairly , this is not a hard concept at all . 
  just because you are in nato and the eu does n't mean that when you deal with another country on immigration that you wo n't run into problems . 
  canada 's visa program is very objective and very fair , and it 's been that way for a while , just because romania does n't meet the criteria does n't mean that they should get an exception for it . 
  disregarding the rules of law because one country is n't anything to worry about sets a dangerous precedent . 
  canada has a right to determine their own visa policies . 
  also , if canada just lets anyone in , and they overstay their visas , and become illegal immigrants , those jobs that are created are a wash . 
  agreed , if the eu wants to spite themselves that 's fine , notice we do n't rely on tourism for our economy like several european countries do , at least not a large part of it . 
  `` freedom of movement should be a given right . '', 
  in a trade deal ? 
  trade deals are not economic unions , free trade deals are partnerships , not unions , and social-economic factors are not a part of free trade agreements for that exact reason . 
  also , concern about free trade between the eu and nafta ? 
  i am really surprised to hear anything protectionist coming from a greek , who 's largest export is immigrants . 
  agreed , that 's why i do n't necessarily disagree with the more isolationist policies that are at the center of this years election . 
  let europe do europe , let the middle east do the middle east , let asia do asia , and bring our boys home , everyone should be happy right ? 
  if the world does n't want our help , that 's fine , someone else can fill the role that we have been doing and we can stay strong and secure in the west . 
  we did just fine before world war 2 , we can do just fine now . 
  getting involved with the rest of the world 's problems only has ever caused us issues . 
  we spend quite a bit of money trying to fix other people 's problems , let 's focus on our own . 
  nah , that 's next week when the 7th fleet mistakenly docks in vladivostok . 
  your comment was the best part of this thread , truly a mix of incredulity , amusement , and contempt , i laughed . 
  you guys are making the mistake many american cities did in the 60s and 70s , instead of assimilating , like the borg , we segregated . 
  in the 60s and 70s , many jobs in the south were drying up or moving north , agriculture was becoming less of a labor intensive job , manufacturing moved north , and many industries began popping up in the midwest and northern cities , not to mention racism and intolerance were still more prevalent in the south . 
  this led to mass immigration from the south to the north , primarily consisting of less educated african americans , as they were moving both due to racial tensions , and due to the opening of better paying manufacturing jobs that did n't require higher education . 
  now you remember how i said racial issues were worse in the south ? 
  they were , however in the north they were still very present , as these african americans moved north , they moved into urban areas . 
  the cities , happy about the population moving to their cities , and the manufacturers happy about less competition and more workers available , encouraged it , in fact , many cities built block houses , or low income houses , apartment buildings that were modern , kept up to snuff , and were there to help those immigrating find cheap houses to live in . 
  honestly , a terrific move by everyone . 
  rents were cheap and it was close to work , however , large parts of formally predominately white neighborhoods had large number of african american families living there . 
  many white american 's thus moved to the suburbs , it was called white flight , which is honestly a great name for it . 
  things worked alright for a while under this , until the 80s , inner-city african american 's suddenly found themselves unemeployed , because the job market in manufactoring in a lot of these cities took a crap , as well as the fact that things like outsourcing , lack of spending , and new job sectors began growing . 
  the apartments and low-income housing that had been built to house the population that was coming to work , turned into slums . 
  this once again was an unfortunate set of circumstances , because white flight truly took hold at this point , sealing the fact of the area . 
  drugs and crime became more common place , and all because of segregation . 
  inner city gangs are a direct result of this . 
  now this is n't something that requires blaming , the african american 's who moved were doing just fine up until they lost their jobs , not because they were bad at them , but because they worked in a shrinking industry , so they had to find alternative methods of employment . 
  the whites who moved out moved out due in part to racial issues , but did n't have the same issues as a majority due to education and the fact that many of them were more white collar workers rather then blue collar ones . 
  had the roles been switched , it would have been an issue for the whites . 
  now the thinking is that had white flight never happened , and integrated neighborhoods were the norm , things like street gangs and slums and major neighborhoods of crime would n't have happened . 
  the white collar workers would have kept their jobs , and the african american 's would have lost theirs , but whole neghiborhoods would n't have been unemployed immdediately . 
  schools in those neighborhoods still would have been funded due to the fact that white collar workers with jobs could have continued to find ways to have the schools funded for their kids , and the houses built for low income families would n't have been turned into massive slums , because the blue collar kids still would have been getting a good education , there would have been no large gang culture , and business would have actually came to the area without the need for `` gentrification '' . 
  europe right now needs to figure out how it 's going to avoid creating a lower class , perpetually poor , poorly educated , and incredibly hard to break , cycle of muslim immigrants . 
  segregating them does n't work , we made that mistake . 
  integration probably will , especially in this case , because the differences are n't entirely economic and racism , rather it 's cultural differences . 
  you guys will probably have to stop saying that the ideas of cultural assimilation and removing remnants of undesirable parts of a culture are racist though , not because it 's not , it is technically but that 's the way it goes , but because it will be necessary to undertake the project as a whole group of people . 
  and interestingly enough , compton and various other cities had the same issues from the same problem , when the major arms industries stopped producing as much after world war 2 , which is fairly unfortunate now that i think about it . 
  sure , i am not saying they are totally safe either , i just wanted to talk about the analogy . 
  however i do also want to mention all these risks are completely normal everyday risks . 
  everything in life can be messed up by human error or malicious intent , and while they may not be as devasting as a nuclear meltdown , nuclear plants have also been designed to mitigate the effects when things go wrong . 
  that 's a very important thing to consider , and even if accidents do continue to happen at the same rate , they will become less and less serious , because once we 've figured out that it 's impossible to make it safe , we can at least make the damage from the catastrophe very minor . 
  i honestly think and feel that nuclear energy as it is now is a transition technology , getting the world onto something less damaging then coal but something that is more efficent then current renewable energy is important , and that is i think the real strength of nuclear . 
  it 's not as expensive as current renewable to run an entire nation of of , it 's not as damaging as coal or oil , but it 's neither completely safe nor is it inexpensive , meaning that the technology , even being used , creates incentive to find better alternatives . 
  that 's incorrect on a basic level , it 's actually so unbelievably false that it is n't true . 
  your analogy is also incorrect , while things like the user being the most insecure part of the security system is true , it 's also due to the fact that people are targeted by hackers . 
  nuclear technicians are n't socially engineered by anyone to break protocol , nuclear technicians are n't inherently dangerous to the nuclear power plant . 
  users are , and that 's the difference . 
  you can have hundreds of fail safes in a nuclear plant that make reactors and the process itself incredibly safe , and some of those safeguards are safeguards that are impossible to switch off unless you have the know how or proper maintenance and inspections are n't a thing . 
  you can have 100s of safeguards on a computer , and anyone who touches it can ruin them in an instant . 
  why is that a problem ? 
  we have no obligation to ukraine at all , and we are trying to stop meddling in other people 's affairs , because it 's pointless and it does nothing but breed ill will towards us . 
  we are n't going to pay political capital , economic capital , and military might to help a country that is unstable , has significant problems within the new government , and offers very little towards us . 
  not to mention ukraine has never been an american friend . 
  oh dear christ , go look up american violent crime rates today . 
  none of your attacks have even gotten remotely close to 9/11 , and your cities are not crumbling under no-go zones compared to most major american cities that have gang violence . 
  i ca n't go to a large part of my own city , because i would likely be robbed and shot , shootings happen almost tri-weekly here , in the summer , daily , and you guys complain about a small number o immigrants ruining `` europe '' get over yourselves and stop comparing yourself to us , europe needs to figure out how to deal with your security problem , not your immigrant problem , because the actual problem europe has is a security one , and a lack of sensible measures for you immigrants . 
  instead of trying to stop the immigrants , because let 's face it , it 's already too late , perhaps the focus shuld be on dealing with the issues they bring . 
  isis , make the right choice in your retirement . 
  the german people elected hitler and the nazi party that started his rise to power . 
  also , it 's really hard to think that krystalnacht was n't something of public knowledge , or the propaganda by goebbels and the nazi government that called jews and slavs subhumans . 
  or the fact that jewish neighbors and friends suddenly dissapeared and that they were all forced to wear a yellow star citing their religion . 
  yea , the whole no one knew about the holocaust thing is stupid , maybe people did n't know the extent , but it 's pretty easy to know something is going on , especially when your government rose to power on the concept of racial superiority and blaming jews for the countries failure . 
  the comparison is very apt . 
  oh i did , but you arguement is entirely incorrect in terms of how you are going about it . 
  for religion to be a cause or factor in a war it has to be a motivator . 
  the united states and europe were not motivated to go to war with any nation in modern times due to religion . 
  there is a difference between going to war as a nation that largely believes in a certain religion , and between going to war as a nation that cites religion as a reason for the war . 
  you are right , you do n't stop being christian the minute you drop bombs on someone , but the war and christianity are n't necessarily intertwined like various terrorist attacks have been with islam . 
  citing the united states bombing various middle eastern countries over the past few decades as christian attacks is dishonest and incorrect , because christianity does n't enter the equation .
