  rather you can cite them as various different types of attacks , possibly imperialist , western , any number of things , but religion had nothing to do with any of the current wars , at least on the nato side . 
  the reason they wo n't waste money on this practice is because they realize that internet arguements are pointless and do n't actually change opinions , at least in arguments . 
  astroturfing is a viable tactic , but arguing directly with people is pointless and is a waste of money . 
  you are n't important enough as an individual to argue with to any foreign government , just like i am not , rather the governments of the world will do things like article turf and vote manipulation to have visibility , not actually argue with 15 year olds on a website . 
  awesome , how many more stars are we getting ? 
  we do need more stars for our flag , can we split france into several states to get more stars ? 
  the uk can easily be split , and so can germany . 
  this is going to be great , someone tell obama . 
  so every german was responsible for the holocaust ? 
  if we are going that the will of the people determines policy then we can use that one too . 
  do n't ruin the plans fellow patriot . 
  i forgot how we invaded iraq and afghanistan , dropped bombs on syria and libya , raided pakistan , conducted drone strikes on yemen , and invaded somalia in the name of christianity . 
  oh wait , nope , none of our reasoning was for christianity . 
  i 've read a lot of press papers , none of them said anything of religion at all . 
  however , the nations we invaded all did have islam as a primary factor in why they were either a. 
  full of sectarian and religious tension . 
  b. oppressive shitholes that oppressed both minorities and women . 
  or c. flew planes into our towers and pissed us off . 
  do enlighten me however on how you know that we marked our f-18s with crosses and the said jesus is the best on the bombs when we invaded iraq , or how we sang versus from the bible as we shot osama in pakistan . 
  i do n't think islam is bad , i think radical islam is bad , but i fully support free religion and as long as you are n't harming others you can believe what you want , but the reason we invaded all of those places , at least in part , is because they were harming others in the name of islam . 
  the wars in the middle east are only religious wars for us insofar as to how much religion contributes to the violence , not because we are on a crusade . 
  if we were on a crusade , there would be a lot more dead people in the middle east . 
  calling people shills because they do n't agree with your opinion is not only asinine and disrespectful , it demonstrates and insecurity in your own belief and a lack of critical thinking skills . 
  just because someone believes differently or has a different opinion then you does not mean that their opinion is less valid then yours , or that they are being paid to say it . 
  if we were to apply your logic , everyone is a shill and nobody is a shill . 
  the whole concept of hiring shills to talk about things on reddit is the same concept about hiring shills to talk about things on youtube comments , or even yahoo comments , because reddit is a glorified youtube comment system . 
  governments do n't like wasting money on internet arguments , there are far better and more useful things to waste money on . 
  basically that 's what needs to happen , huge amounts of aid , remove tribal and federal government officials and make it clear that the nation is not independent until they adopt western values , and likely stamp out anything that is a return to violent extremist islamic thought , moderate thought is fine though , anything but violent islamic extremism . 
  the japanese occupation after world war two was very similiar to the u.s occupation of iraq and afghanistan , with some very important differences . 
  for one , afghanistan and iraq were obviously , and thankfully , not subjected to nuclear attacks nor large indiscriminate bombing campaigns , and secondly , and more importantly , japan had no government during the 6 years of occupation that was not directly controlled by u.s military commanders . 
  mcarthur did not stamp out free thought or expression , except when the thought or expression was supportive of returning to imperial and fascist ways , he allowed communists , in 1946 , to hold massive demonstrations under his rule , but censored all imperial support . 
  unfortunately , the strategy in both iraq and afghanistan did not work due to the fact that local autonomy was allowed to continue . 
  last time i checked obama is n't pulling into port on a carrier group , the u.s can advocate it 's interests in regards to something that will affect it to the people who are involved in it . 
  just because we are stating it is against our interests does n't mean we are threatening the u.k , we are just stating we 'd rather it not happen . 
  i 'm not actually saying that in a manner that is condescending , but the eu has been pretty much the same as the uk in regards to doing what the u.s wants in terms of foreign policy . 
  i mean honestly , it 's the pot calling the kettle black , both the u.k and the eu are firmly in the u.s 's camp . 
  not that that 's a bad thing , the alternative was siding with the soviets . 
  the eu has been a state for about as long as britain has , do n't fool yourself . 
  why are you arguing with people who actually live in the country and have experience with the law and the concepts behind ? 
  also , people in prison do make money while there , either part of a work release program or by doing jobs within the prison . 
  do you have any idea about what you talk about other then from quoting random online articles ? 
  damn canadians , give us back our timber wages . 
  * rabble rabble *, 
  listen to us germany , you are being ruled by sharia law , the only way to change that is to elect bernie sanders !, 
  i always enjoy how much reddit likes talking about ww3 , or the end of all life on earth , over minor things , apparently all of our geopolitical situation and establishments only require a small wind to knock them over . 
  viva la revolution comrades ? 
  http://lmgtfy.com/?q=european+refugees please do note the first lines of each article after the top line , most of them mention war refugees , in fact all of them do . 
  was tried once , did not work well . 
  yep , europe should go back to the way it was so they can destroy their continent again , good idea , glad you are making these choices . 
  i 'm just going to ignore your aggressive statements on things you know very little about in regards to logistics , i do n't argue with people who know less and then get angry about things they have zero understanding of . 
  i am going to state however that i am not a proponent of the u.s being in nato , we can deal with issues ourselves , and i personally do n't want to be part of an alliance with a continent that allows us to subsidize their defense spending in return for that continent criticizing everything we do , if i had it my way , the u.s would take it 's shit and go home , focus on the pacific even more , and stay out of european issues . 
  yep , and we still won the cold war , and the next hard power war after vietnam against the worlds 4th largest army with 168 casualties while massacring them . 
  if you want to talk and bash militarizes , america 's after world war 2 is not something to do , the only people who do that parrot things that have zero relation to them . 
  we would n't launch strategic nukes against population centers for europe . 
  the minute they start falling in europe , you are likely on your own . 
  we are in a defense pact , not a suicide by nuclear fire pact . 
  this whole argument is based on the the assumption that america cares enough to help fight russia , and cares enough to use it 's nukes on russia . 
  you know what happens when the u.s says no thank you and instead negotiates with russia ? 
  no one will come to rescue anyone . 
  i agree , let 's let isis run rampant over the middle east , since without logistics we ca n't do anything to stop them . 
  fuck you innocent iraqi civilians , we do n't care enough to stop isis from murdering you by the thousands, 
  i think we 'd invest in that , i know i 'd donate to that . 
  just like stalin 's were left wing !, 
  i do n't think you understand what unlivable means in comparison to what a modern army can do when not restrained . 
  libya does have oil , i like your thinking italian !, 
  you know what is n't okay ? 
  applying 21st century morals to the 17th and 16th century time periods . 
  every culture was barbaric at that time , almost equally so . 
  that native canadian culture was just as shitty and barbaric as the imperialist european culture . 
  they were n't victims , the native canadians fought a war series of wars , and participated in several european wars as mercenaries , and they lost . 
  they lost a war because they were outgunned and outmatched . 
  when you lose several wars in uncivilized times , shitty things happen , condemning a large group of people for actions over a hundred years ago is stupidity to the highest order . 
  seriously ? 
  you mean how native north american tribes waged just as savage of wars against one another as any european waged , and they were just as large ? 
  these people were n't helpless victims , in canada and a large part of the africa most of these `` tribes '' were literally just as bad as their colonizers , same with in the area that is now the united states . 
  does this excuse anything ? 
  no , but we should stop this whole concept of universally condemning the victors in a war between two equally barbaric cultures . 
  oh okay , i apologize , i did misunderstand , thanks for clearing that up !, 
  if you consider the u.s anything less than friendly to the u.k you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  when your country begins to reflect your values , we will gladly remove any mention of the special relationship , that 's how it works . 
  so this whole argument is ridiculous on both sides . 
  we actually came up with it together , secret cia and fsb project , since you figured it out , you are going to have to be freed . 
  you   the idea that russia is terrible for trying to influence eu is ludicrous , because russia is defending its interests as anyone else is entitled to . 
  thats how the world works , and i am sorry to disappoint your fantasies , but us is not the moral guardian of the world nor the only one who can push an agenda . 
  my response   just because every country looks out for their own interests does n't mean every country is the same in regards to whom you should side with , because most of the time countries interests will coincide . 
    the reason the eu and the usa are friends , and allies , is because the countries interests are very similar , however russia 's interests are not entirely compatible with either the u.s 's or europe 's , and since russia 's interests do not coincide with the eu 's , they invaded and annexed crimea and have started a fairly low intensity war in ukraine , over that interest . 
  you   and it does n't have nothing to do with being `` the good '' or `` the bad '' . 
  it 's because it can , and you ca n't stop a country from interacting with other countries . 
  me   now the united states has started wars for their interests that have killed millions of people , but the united states does n't start wars against it 's stable neighbors for their land , and does n't destabilize europe , or it 's neighbors , with those wars . 
    the reason russia is vilified right now is because better is expected of russia . 
  russia has lots of advantages of a country , and instead of being a country that can provide some stability to the world , it helps destabilize it . 
  russia has no reason to do anything they do , they are secure in their own territory , they have huge amounts of natural resources , and russia is a country that is developed , with people who are civilized . 
  you   better bury the reality and be ignorant than discuss how the world works . 
  me   literally my entire comment . 
  do n't get all huffy just because geopolitics is n't what you want it to be . 
  my friend niketa and i agree on this , no one hates russia in the u.s , not as a nation , i do n't think russia is bad or wrong , i just think the nation is misguided . 
  when you think about it , you realize russia and the u.s have very much in common in terms of culture and how our national identity is determined . 
  there is zero reason for anyone to have this discussion about how the u.s and russia are at odds , because they should n't be , and the more people continue to see this as a battle between the east and the west , the less likely it gets that there is finally going to be a productive partnership . 
  i never said you could n't argue with it , or that you could n't disagree , in fact i said nothing that would have said that it was wrong to disagree with me . 
  i just stated that i knew you would try to find a way to turn it around on me .
