i lost a cousin and a best friend to the war in afghanistan , do n't preach to me about how war is terrible . 
  i do n't want war , and i 'd be fine with the u.s being semi-isolationist . 
  that poll was conducted a month after 9/11 , and we did have a reason to go to afghanistan , as the taliban were sheltering bin laden , i disagree with the iraq war , and i disagree with the amount of time we spent in the middle east , but neither of those two were started because of nationalism or soldier worship , one was a legitimate military operation to catch a guy that help orchestrated an attack that killed 2700 people , and the other was a result of a lie to the american people . 
  sorry , this third world citizen does n't really care to come help people who blame us for all the world 's problems and that we should just mind our own business when everything is good , and then when something comes up and our help is wanted , we are told that we are wrong for not wanting to get involved . 
  europe can solve it 's own issues . 
  hold on , let 's take out the 300 patrol boats and anti-mine ships that comprise the majority of the eu 's forces , and then let 's take into account the fact that the usn aviation arm is far larger then europe 's , and then let 's take into account ship sizes and compare them . 
  it becomes a lot clearer which side has the ability to win at sea and the air . 
  the fact that you also brought up a land war is silly , because of the fact that even now , the eu has only about 200,000 more active duty troops then the u.s , and the u.s has 850,000 land troops in reserve . 
  ( note that i do n't know eu reserve numbers , i am sure it balances out in the end , or is even larger combined then the u.s 's , i am just bringing it up to show a disparity between an entire union 's military and a single nations . ), 
  and you are still ignoring the fact that the eu 's logistical capabilities are inadequate to deal with the amount of forces the u.s is able to bring to the table . 
  are you on drugs ? 
  europe 's logistical capabilities are ridiculously weak compared to the united states , you do n't have a large enough stock pile of ammunition or missiles to fight for more then a few weeks . 
  you also do n't have integrated training nor do you have any sort of ability to project any kind of force . 
  i wonder what radioactive oil would do to my car ? 
  maybe it would make it go faster . 
  you post on / r/conspiracy , any attempt at rational argument with you is pointless . 
  so lets say you do , what are you going to do about it ? 
  when i was in high school , there were a lot of lost kids.none of them ever flew to afghanistan to join the taliban . 
  nato should have bombed every faction within that civil war , such a cluster fuck . . 
  you fool !, 
  with greece we would have a land base in europe controlled directly by us , within a few years all of europe could become part of our glorious republic . 
  you stated that europe needs to grow away from america , and he agreed , i also agree with him , disbanding nato would be in everyone 's best interests . 
  yea , the balkans have always been peaceful , for their entire history . 
  they never declared war on each other except when the evil west made them !, 
  we like foreign things , especially from europe , so they can charge us more . 
  unless it 's from china , then you might as well just bottom out the price . 
  from who ? 
  the u.s is n't going to do anything to greece , it 's not like economic sanctions would affect them anyway . 
  i agree !, 
  u.s leaving nato would be terrific , europe can do their own stuff and not be bothered by us , and we can stop spending money to defend them . 
  win win situation . 
  this whole fiasco is the biggest example of why europe is not going to federalize for a long long time . 
  commies are worse though . 
  the exact thought process of portland , if they ca n't do it , neither can greece . 
  sure , it will be just like oregon . 
  yea , our economic and strategic interests are completely irrelevant , america should never intervene when mighty europe is doing the worst negotiating job since the treaty of versailles . 
  but ... we need more bullets . 
  we have no more money , we do have bullets though , can people eat bullets ? 
  i too , believe dogecoin is the future for greece . 
  i do n't think you understand how a failing government in the u.s will work . 
  the minute there is widespread discontent and a chance of revolution , the military 's pay will be exponentially larger , and the money will be taken from everywhere but the military . 
  if those that are revolting shoot first , the military will fire on it 's own people , and no matter how many people with hunting rifles the revolution has , they will be annihilated in every single way by a modern military . 
  this is n't iraq , this is n't 1774 , there is zero chance a revolution will succeed . 
  this whole argument is pointless though , your entire theory is based off of random connections and correlations , propped up by pointing to current events and trying to equivocate them to the past . 
  no one is going to revolt , there is not going to be widespread discontent or protest , and the u.s is doing much better than a large majority of the world . 
  the whole concept of internal revolution is the stupidest thing that anyone can think of when it comes to developed and modern western democracies . 
  we stayed there for a decade to try to rebuild afghanistan , not to destroy it . 
  yea , have fun revolting against the strongest military that has ever existed , as well as the many millions of civilians taking up arms in defense of the government . 
  no , the marshall plan and the berlin airlifts are capitalist lies . 
  the many millions spent helping germany are actually soviet dollars stolen from the soviet people . 
  we could call the war the civil war , with the south called the confederation of southern states i.e the confederacy , and the north of europe called the european union i.e the union . 
  can america bat for itself in this upcoming war ? 
  since we are going back to ww1 , i think it 's fair that america get 's some overseas colonies that we screw up horribly after a few decades . 
  maybe europe will treat us like an adult then . 
  soon i hope !, 
  it would be great if more people thought about it more , and more people were voting for it . 
  not until people here start voting for it , hopefully soon in my opinion . 
  well you are making the computer produce steam , so i imagine it does get pretty hot . 
  so what you are saying is i only need to live 127 years to visit ever country in the world under your plan ? 
  the brits will always be our enemies , except when they are our friends . 
  fellow american , what do you think velveeta cheese is if it 's not congealed fat ? 
  maybe , maybe not , but then europe could actually do something about it without risking anything if it continued . 
  if the uk wants to regain their colonies , you need to eat kraft singles too . 
  kraft singles are the life blood of the united states , and we will die to defend kraft and it 's products . 
  * paid for by kraft *, 
  maybe we should stop being military partners , we both win in that situation . 
  u.s stops spending so much to secure europe , and europe does n't have to put up with our spying . 
  can my t-72 that i drive blow up when it 's ammo dump catches fire like in real life ? 
  if we had captured bin laden we would n't have made him watch baseball all day every day . 
  we are brutes , not barbarians . 
  we can do that !, 
  not the money , the helicopters part though , that 's for sure !, 
  true , but europe 's only real threat right now is russia , and that 's not even a very concrete one . 
  europe can deal with russia without us . 
  it 'd be better to not have that role , europe can take care of itself , they always could , and we have china to worry about . 
  i hope we would n't , america does n't need to be fighting for europe , europe can take care of itself . 
  okay , i 'm going to write my congressman so that we can stop bombing isis , have fun dealing with the middle east europe . 
  you do n't want to be the united states of camerica with us ? 
  that makes me sad . 
  hopefully the u.s will not be one of those deterring russia forever either . 
  i personally feel that russia would be a better partner than most of europe if we could all get past the hating each other part . 
  yes , keep telling them that . 
  soon brother !, 
  guerrilla warfare did n't work all that well in iraq either , the amount of u.s combat deaths were under 2,500 for about 10 years , which is really really bad if you are an insurgent . 
  oh god , why ca n't you scandinavian people live together without trying to wipe each other out ? 
  someone needs to warn sweden that the danes are at it again . 
  you are a horrible american , how will we ever colonize russia if you encourage them to submit to the europeans ? 
  they should submit to us !, 
  you seem to be under the assumption that america would have helped the netherlands if netherlands started a war with russia . 
  neither the u.s nor nato would have been under any obligation to help the netherlands in that situation . 
  i did n't know russians could get as drunk as you seem without killing themselves from alcohol poisoning , i thought years of alcoholism and substance abuse from living in a shithole of a country made it impossible . 
  on the off chance that you are sober , maybe you should tone down that aggressiveness and rage . 
  i agree with you on that , i 'm not opposed to changing how stuff is , but i am of the opinion that we do need some security measures for the cockpit . 
  i do n't understand why you are upset about this , germany is in the medium range of size for countries , there is nothing wrong with that . 
  it 's an advantage in many ways . 
  yea , and then you get the problem of someone wants to enter the cockpit and they are n't supposed to , say with box cutters , then everyone dies and maybe some people in a couple of towers do to . 
  you ca n't sacrifice safety of one part for another , maybe they could put a third pilot in the cockpit and this could have been averted . 
  well yes , but in this case , the falklands have been the brits for decades , and the people there are essentially british . 
  i 'm not even sure what you are trying to argue about . 
  in this case , and in the case of all wars , might does make right .
