  we do n't live in a reality where everything can be solved by talking , and if argentina were to invade the falklands again , you would not be able to solve an invasion via diplomacy or threats . 
  i do n't understand your point here , the u.k would n't be the aggressor . 
  i figured out the u.s 's immigration solution , we just need to dig a sea between mexico and the u.s. guys , where do i pick up my nobel prize ? 
  like i said , if you do n't want to lose a regional war , do n't commit crimes that garner international attention . 
  oh yes , those albanians were most certainly included in everyone else that were being cleansed . 
  by channel i meant act like , or act in the same spirit . 
  and i completely understand it 's older then the 90 's wars , but the post i responded to was referencing the wars in the 90s . 
  what is the problem with bombing armed , ruthless , and genocidal serbians who were killing thousands on their ethnically motivated conquest ? 
  maybe if serbia had n't decided to channel ww2 germany , nato would n't have had to embarrass the serbians with overwhelming military might . 
  romans were n't nice people by our standards , but in their time they were the most civilized people , and their policies that we would consider awful and inhuman , were normal every day things . 
  i think one of the many reasons that hitler is so vilified today is because he shattered the consensus that we , as a species , had grown past things like genocide and institutionalized cleansing , while for the romans , those things were very common and seen as normal and even beneficial for stability and the security of the empire . 
  i think that checks all the boxes for receiving freedom . 
  send in the troops boys . 
  have fun making the west pay for their bullshit with all the might of serbia , we are all quaking in our boots . 
  and see , my thought process is why does the u.s have to care about europe if they do n't serve any point or objective . 
  i 'd say pull out of nato as soon as possible , create a stronger alliance with canada , and let everyone else figure out what to do with themselves . 
  it 's not the u.s 's concern what happens in europe , and it never should have been . 
  ahh yes , those wars individually compare to world war 1 , and world war two . 
  heck , put them together and they 'd be worse even . 
  you realize that the american public not only knows china and russia , but japan , north and south korea , vietnam , india , afghanistan , iraq , syria , iran , and pakistan . 
  they are all in the news quite a bit . 
  oh no , the u.s is n't protecting anyone out of the goodness of our hearts . 
  that 's not where i am coming from , in my mind it does n't make much sense for the u.s to continue with nato when there is absolutely zero reason for the u.s to have a defensive alliance with nations that do n't even want to defend themselves , much less anyone else . 
  is that a bit clearer ? 
  i agree , why should i have to sacrifice my life to defend some people who likely would be too busy to come to our aid if we are attacked ? 
  i do n't think europe is going to go to war with russia or china if they attack the u.s , so why should we do so on their behalf ? 
  you are right , you guys could have crappier social services to pay for your defense , and should we need it , we could allocate our much larger annual budget to social services . 
  the u.s still has the largest individual economy in the world , and it 's a damn shame that so much of it is being spent to help europe . 
  guys , you ca n't shoot these people when they are n't already looking at you , also , you can only carry one thing of ammo , this way war will be fair . 
  as long as isis is n't led by saladin a crusade would work wonderfully . 
  we can if it 's powered by the tears of bald eagles and cheeseburgers . 
  oh look , it 's the freedom train . 
  yea the millions of deaths are a sign of victory . 
  id be willing to vote for someone who ran on nato withdrawal . 
  i agree with everything you said though . 
  the overmind is truly the enemy here , russia is just trying to open our eyes . 
  i agree , there is literally no point in this , if europeans want to fix their continent , they should do it themselves . 
  this is n't our fight , and i do n't know why people think it should become ours . 
  your comment made me shed a tear of freedom . 
  but we sure finished it with a bang i do have to say . 
  heretic . 
  such words are basically a call for war . 
  damn , absolutely savage . 
  agreed , one world , usassr , my russian brothers , come , let us rule as one . 
  we should just arrest everyone for the disparaging remarks that they made against george w. no longer will we have the largest prison population , germany will !, 
  we had to come liberate you with the brits and canadians because your nation surrendered after less than a year of war ? 
  ca n't believe i have to even type this to a frenchman , but the world war 2 stuff does n't matter in this conversation . 
  god damn bulgarians , stealing our land and apartment buildings . 
  of course , a simple misunderstanding , they were just rookie pilots trying to help out . 
  then evil america with it 's islamophobia made them out to be evil brown people wanting to hurt them . 
  / s tell that to the 3,000 dead and their family members, 
   no , it 's corporate manager slang . 
  people who use it either have nothing to say , or something to hide . 
  holy shit , why do n't you just call him old and tell him you do n't want to be a slave to the corporations when you grow up while you are at it ? 
  greatest enemy ? 
  lol . 
  you have zero understanding of what being an enemy of america would mean for poland . 
  both would shoot down a bomber that enters each other 's airspace , that 's not a question nor is that really something to condemn , that 's just smart . 
   uk spends enough of defense thank you . 
  does n't need the us to protect it . 
  yea your 40 nukes are n't going to be enough for mad , that 's the point . 
   still . 
  the us locked out the uk . 
  shitty thing to do . 
  we had bigger things to worry about , for example , not allowing the soviets to take the rest of europe . 
   really that 's what you 're going with ? 
  pay for your own or put up with us sharing secrets ? 
  you were just talking about allies ... yep , when dealing with nuclear arms treaties with russia . 
  your nation is n't the one that 's had to foot the bill for the cold war , nor the thousands of nukes we used to keep you safe . 
  uk research given to the us predates the manhattan project . 
  uk gave us the research and the us quickly locked the uk out and stopped sharing intel . 
  i apoligize on that , i was mistaken , what we did work on together was icbms and missle payload weapons in nuclear secrets , far more important at the time that it happened . 
   you 're the one saying the us stood by the uk , not me . 
  if you disagree you are dead wrong and have zero understanding of what we are talking about . 
  if you think the u.s is n't an ally , you have no idea what being an enemy of the u.s is . 
  i do n't have a problem with nuclear bombers or the recon missions , however we do n't send b-2s for recon missions for a very good reason . 
  especially if they fly from aviano for these missions . 
  also , those recon missions are set up before hand and communicated with . 
  either way though , that 's not really a problem in our opinion , russian bombers get too close they are removed by f-22s , i just know that if amerikka did it someone in russia would bitch . 
   yup uk learns the hard way . 
  should n't trust the us with your nuclear weapons . 
  they are n't your nuclear weapons , what was shared was the missile vehicle , perhaps the uk could have developed one , but since you guys have problems in funding even maintenance , that would n't happen . 
   uk began development on nuclear , gave the research over to the us and were locked out of it . 
  this is fact . 
  yep , until we spent billions of dollars on the manhattan project , then gave research over to the uk after world war 2 . 
  we jumpstarted the uks nuclear program after that , the uk did n't have the materials and the u.s had the research and production capabilities to use them , the uk did n't . 
  you need to remember this was world war 2 at this point . 
  also , we have stood by the uk on every major policy there was , but if you do n't think so , you are wrong . 
   where do you guys stand on the falklands again ? 
  oh yeah ... that 's right . 
  where did you guys stand on syrian intervention again ? 
  okay so we are even now , and this conversation has devolved into stupidity because you have a hard time understanding who your allies are and why they are your allies . 
  you need the u.s , the uk needs the u.s in their corner for a lot of things , and the u.s needs the uk . 
  i get that you want to get rid of the u.s for `` muh sovereignty '' but that 's not only stupid , it 's not going to work . 
  thank god the rest of your country is n't so short sighted . 
  yep , we definitely told russia all about a nuclear weapons system that we ourselves use , oh wait , we did because of several arms treaties . 
  that 's what happens when you buy your missle vehicle from us . 
  and you are right , i am pretty spiteful , but not as spiteful as the uk is . 
  we 've stood by the uk since world war 1 , we landed in normandy with you and we shared nuclear secrets with you guys . 
  we 've stood hand in hand on just about everything for over 70 years now , since world war 2 , and apparently that does n't give us any ability to comment on uk affairs that will affect us .
