  are you a communist ? 
  communism is merely a road bump on the highway to freedom . 
  yea , i agree , financing an entire continent 's defense while they laugh at our defense spending for being excessive is a terrific thing . 
  if you consider poland fascist then the word fascist in europe has lost all meaning . 
  if we decide to do it , europe has no say in it . 
  that deal would be between the u.s and poland , and we do n't have to answer to the eu . 
  it 's funny though , because germany is a lot more hostile towards the u.s in regards to military troops then poland . 
  shush fellow american , with the communisis finally revealing themselves for what they are , we will be able to show them democracy . 
  why are you arguing with people who have no idea how modern military conflicts work ? 
  the guy with the finish tag said that russian sams made it so that russia 's forces would be impenetrable by air forces . 
  however the worst is the fact that no one that you are arguing with seems to understand that mobilizing the entire russia military , moving it through georgia , and then fighting a war against turkey over hostile terrain where they will have trouble establishing air-superiority , maybe even air-parity , is an incredibly difficult thing to do . 
  russia does n't have massive logistical capabilities , russia also does n't have terrific sea transport capabilities , the black sea fleet is a shadow of it 's soviet self , and turkey has the advantages of maintained road infrastructure , logistic capabilities , and wonderful terrain to fight russia on according to doctrine . 
  not to mention the fact that we are talking about a russian military that performed poorly in georgia , has had substantial difficulties with maintenance , and it 's main supply lines would be going through terrain that is n't the greatest for truck transport , and would have to go through occupied countries to get to staging areas . 
  yep , and both are part of nato . 
  if you 'd like to leave , the door is open , have fun aligning with china or russia . 
  sams are great until people realize both sides have spent a lot of time and money figuring out ways to deal with them effectively . 
  there is a reason sead exists , and nato invests heavily in ecm . 
  do you actually think nato 's first response to russian aggression is strategic nuclear attack ? 
  that ' insane , there is a reason the fulda gap was important in the cold war , and that was because nato expected to fight a conventional war , and not escalate immediately to all-out nuclear war with another nuclear armed state . 
  it would take a very long time for the u.s to ship enough men and equipment over to europe to deal with a russian attack , and if western europe did not live up to it 's end of the bargain , eastern europe would be on it 's own for at least a week , if not more , depending on how quickly the u.s get 's it 's act together . 
  all of the eastern european states have real cause to be worried , and if they do n't think western europe will defend them , they understand that they will have a very tough couple of weeks . 
  however , going back to the original point of this comment , even though nato has not ruled out first strike options , doctrine wise , and sanity wise , nato does n't escalate to nuclear warfare except in the most dire of circumstances . 
  no one wants to be the one who kills hundreds of millions of people around the world . 
  at least at an oakland game you do n't have to worry about it , because no one goes to the games . 
  last time i checked sending money and giving military aid to nigeria is intervening . 
  i 'm not an idealist , i understand that we ca n't be everywhere at once , but i also know that saying we should n't intervene because it does n't affect us is a really stupid way to maintain any sort of influence in the world . 
  non-interventionism as a policy weakens our interests everywhere across the world , and it leaves people out there who are dieting without an option of help . 
  however my main argument is that if we want to just back and watch the world develop , eventually something will be a threat to us , and it will be easy then to look back and ask why did n't we stop it in the bud . 
  except in terms of economy , military strength , political influence , personal income and about a hundred other things . 
  not to mention that both of them have been u.s client states for since world war 2 . 
  america is n't a fluke if it 's been around this long , the roman empire was n't a fluke either , it lasted a very long time , and it was anything but homogeneous . 
  great britain was n't homogeneous either , litterally every nation that dominated over mutiple generations was multicultural , whereas homogeneous empires . 
  i.e axis powers in world war 2 , napoleon france , austria-hungry , khmer rogue , and others have all fallen apart a very short while after they came to be about . 
  only if we can have another space race . 
  really ? 
  so i guess america 's gdp is some fluke ? 
  you are n't a racist like they say , just horribly misinformed about how successful multicultural countries are . 
  let me know when a culturally homogeneous country is better then america at anything . 
  i ' l admit it , it was us , whatever happened , we did it . 
  so that makes it okay to you ? 
  just because they are n't killing westerners that 's alright ? 
  i 'm generally not a fan of interventionism , but if the alternative to intervening in conflicts is letting innocents die because we are too unwilling and too pathetic to help people who actually need it , then i will support every intervention we ever take . 
  issue is that there is a concern about nations in non-stable locations having nukes , because if a group like isis gets it 's hand on a nuke , it 's a very big deal . 
  that 's why most nuclear nations work on non-proliferation , and no one is asking pakistan or india to give up their nukes even though they are n't technically supposed to have them , it 's because both countries take their responsibilities very seriously . 
  same thing when the soviet union collapsed , the u.s and russia worked together to get their nukes back into russian hands , because at that time , russia was far more stable then some of the former republics . 
  iran having a nuke would n't be a problem to anyone but israel really from a nation state standpoint , and even then it 's a small one . 
  however it 's a worldwide concern because of the region that iran is in . 
  north korea is a problem because they are inherently unstable , and most groups have at one point or time predicted the governments collapse into total chaos . 
  and to everyone in the middls east being murdered ? 
  how about when isis takes baghdad ? 
  this is n't a nation state you are dealing with , it 's not north korea , it 's a group of people rallying around an extremist ideal and massacring their way through the middle east . 
  your suggestion is a great idea for rogue countries , the u.s has tried to do a lot of that with north korea , and it did do so with iran , however applying that to a non-nation state is just as bad as using nation state tactics against a non-nation state army . 
  those are the wrong tools for the job . 
  hey , if you guys had helped the byzantines with the ottomans we would n't have this problem . 
  sorry germany , i ca n't hear you over your isolationism and continually whining while everyone else attempts to do something about the world 's problems . 
  i wo n't say iraq was right to do , but i will say that at least we have consistently tried to fix our mistakes . 
  no , aliens did it with advanced energy weapons , supported by the jews , obviously . 
  it 's odd how europe insulting russia sounds like europe insulting the usa with just the words replaced . 
  `` remember , being angry at a foreign government means you can be angry at everyone who lives there , because how else can i justify my generalizations and the fact that i have no idea what i am talking about . '', 
  seriously , the people who think this is okay are just as bad as everyone who says anyone deserves to die in any terrorist attack . 
  i am not the biggest fan of russian foreign policy , but i 'd take their responses to terrorist attacks over a lot of the european ones i am seeing in this thread . 
  that would be us americans . 
  last time i checked , bombs on a civilian plane deliberately is terrorism . 
  none of those russian 's did deserve to die , and the fact that some people are saying they deserved it is the same as people saying american 's deserved to die on 9/11 , or french in paris , or the brits on 7/7 . 
  it 's stupid , callous , and all around disgusting . 
  i 've always relished the thought of having the chance to see constantinople reborn from istanbul . 
  i think your government should get right on bringing and isis commander to the parliament . 
  yea , start hating a nation because of comments on the internet . 
  that 's the most idiotic thing i have read in a long time , worse then / r/worldnews, 
  yea , when i think of stable i think of hezbollah , hamas , iraq-iran war , chemical weapon attacks on minority population , invasions of kuwait , massive government repression that eventually led to full scale uprisings . 
  the middle east has n't been stable in decades , the fact that you think dictator 's created stability shows a complete lack of understanding for how things like that evolve . 
  say the u.s had not intervened , and saddam had died in 15 years due to some health issue , the exact same thing would have happened , but without u.s forces on the ground . 
  no one funded syria 's civil war , the people there started it , and assad was one of those stability inducing dictators . 
  the u.s did n't get involved with it until a couple of years into it , and that was only supply arms . 
  assad , and syria in general , shows that dictators do n't create stability , in fact they create instability . 
  when was the last time an actual functioning democratic government fell apart like syria ? 
  even turkey , who is a function democracy , and had major discontent for several years under edrogan , did not devolve into a civil war . 
  hell , even pakistan , a nation that hosts terrorist groups and is incredibly instable in regards to power transfers , has not had a civil war like syria 's in it 's history , and the only major difference is the fact that syria had a brutal dictator , and pakistan has a democracy that is somewhat functioning and is kept in check by an army . 
  perhaps europe should deal with the middle east themselves then , since apparently we are now bombing doctors without border intentionally and our apology means nothing . 
  syria does ' t affect us , but it sure does affect europe . 
  i 've never been shot at in my life , and i live in a fairly large city . 
  maybe instead of comparing the united states to a continent that fits the definition of a failed state you should maybe see if your claims have any validity whatsoever . 
  where is the mitochondria in this analogy ? 
  remember , even though we are a failing state with people be gunned down in the streets like it 's fallujah in every city , and those who are n't being shot at are imprisoned for life for jaywalking , and no one can go to the hospital because doctor checkups cost more then anyone will ever make in their life and since our health care is n't like europe 's it 's poor quality , we are still somehow strong enough to force literally every country on the planet to do what we tell them to , and cause every single misfortune that has ever happened on this planet since the begining of time . 
  no , but thanks for the suggestion . 
  we will literally invade in the same place , and put american flags and mcdonalds on every street corner in europe . 
  anzac exists as an alliance as well . 
  can we keep our carriers at least ? 
  we have enough to build a nice floating fortress . 
  lol no , but we should if they go through with the ban , that might hurt germany a bit more then it hurts us . 
  edit : i own a vw jetta as well , and i 'm happy with it , but protectionism should be met with protectionism . 
  yep , i have n't done anything exceptional either , the real problem with people is they do n't take responsibility for their own problems and look at themselves to blame . 
  rather they blame everyone else . 
  also nice down vote bud , glad it 's a disagree button for you . 
  edit : never mind , backing out of this argument , militant sanders supporters are far too immature for me to want to argue anything with . 
  not any older then any of them , but at least i 'm able to evaluate positions from a non-fanatical worldview . 
  most of them are n't like that either , so it 's not a political issue that i have a problem arguing with , it 's a fanaticism one, 
  i 'm pretty happy with my work and job , guess it 's because i put effort into it . 
  i remember being put into a camp two days ago myself . 
  correct fellow patriot .
