  if i 'd add a penny to that amount , i would write it like 40.000,01 $ . 
  also , why do english people write the currency symbol before the amount ? 
  that 's like writing ` dollar forty thousand ' instead of ` forty thousand dollar ' . 
  it 's far more annoying to read . 
  there 's a lot of [ helium-3 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helium-3 ) on the moon . 
  30 grams of it is worth about [ 40.000 $ ] ( http://www.energydigital.com/global_mining/best-of-2011-mining-helium-3-on-the-moon ) . 
  filling up a really large gas tank with the stuff should be worth it . 
  how on earth did i forget frankfurt ? 
  i 'm guessing their spellchecker is buggy and does n't take into account that people might not have the proper keyboards for a language . 
  i had to translate dutch into german ( lulz ) , but only got a 33/50 since i 'm on an english keyboard and ca n't type any umlauts . 
  pretty sure it 's spelled ` b\u00e4r ' everywhere in germany . 
  germany does n't use that single circle umlaut thingy . 
  * rifically delicious cookies, 
  or jet-packs !, 
  new dutch delicacy : fried alien with joppiesaus . 
  luckily the un has no power whatsoever , since whenever they actually do decide on something , the country in question just ignores them . 
  guess we 'll simply do the same . 
  i can agree calling it a waste when you build something expensive and then not use it . 
  however , saving members of an endangered species is not a waste of money . 
  if anything , the waste should be called `` failing to do a proper environmental survey before attempting to build an expensive factory . '', 
  the it sector is also doing fine over here . 
  ca n't say the same about the housing market though . 
  house prices are supposedly really cheap now as a housing bubble burst recently , however they are still more expensive than comparable regions in other countries . 
  also , you can forget buying a free standing house , those do n't exist here ( unless you 're rich ) . 
  expect something more like [ this ] ( http://www.carteblanchewonen.nl/uploads/dps/46_rijtjeshuis.large.jpg ) . 
  if anyone would like to get a more detailed explanation of the santa situation , [ c.g.p grey ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbuvkxdu4lq ) made a great video about it . 
  source : lot 's of germans here . 
  if the netherlands are belgium 's hat , does that make limburg belgian 's [ ear flap ] ( http://www.accentwear.com/img/winter%20hats%20with%20ear%20flaps.jpg ) ? 
  i was more referring to satelite cities around big cities rather than the big cities themselves . 
  reasonable prices and reasonable commute , so not really in the middle of nowhere . 
   maybe germans are n't big gamers , they are . 
  german polititians who think they 're still living in the 80 's are n't . 
  problem is german gamers are n't doing anything about this ( eg . 
  protesting , petitions , writing polititians ) , so it does n't look like anything is going to change any time soon . 
  as to why they do n't , i can only speculate . 
  maybe it 's because gamers are afraid to be perceived as basement dwelling nerds , a derogatory term german polititians are just too happy to fling around whenever the opportunity presents itself . 
  maybe it 's because the gamer demographic ( age < 35 ) in general , for whatever cultural reason , is very uninvolved with politics . 
  in every german protest you see in the news the crowd is largely made up out of  40 year olds , usually protesting job cuts or pensions and such . 
  the only time i can remember younger people protesting was when they introduced student tuition fees . 
  if that demographic does n't voice its opinion in any matter , i doubt they will when it comes to this . 
   i heard the new xbox console is going to be region locked . 
  does that pretty much guarantee that germans are going to be totally screwed then ? 
  not much more than they are now , really . 
  before hd there were legitimate technical reasons why a movie from a different region would n't play on your tv , since it had a different resolution and framerate . 
  with the introduction of hd however now both the hardware as well as the formats are standardized worldwise , so now the only thing that prevents global compatibility is a little bit of [ code that says no ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=ajq3tm-p2qi&amp;t=47 ) for some bs economical reason . 
  all the european countries are considered the same region ( pal ) , so you can still import games there . 
  us games however wo n't work . 
  ps : stupid firefox crashed when i was typing this . 
  had to write it all over again < _ <, 
  germany is quite the inverse to america when it comes to violence ( us : `` yay ! '', 
  and sexuality ( us : `` no ! '', 
  in a way , america is also weird . 
  technically , in germany when a game is banned it is forbidden to be sold to minors and also forbidden to be advertised . 
  however , that advertising ban also includes placement on store shelves , meaning they have to be sold under the counter after checking id . 
  thing is , with these kind of regulations what usually happens is that none of the stores want to stock the game anymore since it is highly doubtful that they can sell their stock . 
  hence , while the law only bans sale to minors and ads , in practice the bans affect everyone . 
  you might get lucky and find a trusty games store that actually has copies , but it 's pretty much guaranteed that all the big chains wo n't stock them . 
  a far better bet is to import the game from a neighboring country . 
  however , buying the a game from a supposedly internetional digital platform ( aka steam ) wo n't work since these stores place regional restrictions on german customers and only offer censored versions , even if you 're an adult . 
  ever played the german version of counter strike ? 
  green blood and the models sit down when they 're shot . 
  in half-life the marines would leak oil and explode into cogs and screws . 
  in command & conquer the soldiers were ` cyborgs ' and would clang instead of squish when you drive over them with a tank . 
  other games had it worse and were straight out banned from being sold . 
  edit : another funny example : in command & conquer generals , they replaced the terrorist unit with an explosive remote-controlled barrel on wheels . 
  pure comedy gold , though the game was later banned anyway . 
  luckily , i speak it natively , so i might just go back once i 'm done with university . 
  on the other hand , having movies dubbed and games censored would suck , though . 
  yeah . 
  the lady in the interview mentioned her appartment now only ( ! ), 
  being worth 150.000 . 
  with that kind of money i could buy a really nice house in suburban germany !, 
  rejected stereotypes, 
  a combinaiton of reasons : - in cities it 's simply the fastest mode of transport . 
  for public transport you always have to wait , and the routes to your destination are always suboptimal . 
  you might be a bit faster in a car , but then you have to spend a lot of time looking for parking . 
  - it 's cheap . 
  compared to owning a car or paying for public transport every day , paying 50 bucks once for a bike is nothing in comparison . 
  - also , it 's flat , so it 's not really hard to do unless you aim for long distances . 
  glad that people are enjoying the local cuisine , though i always suspected it was fake . 
  we had 36 here , so 37 is n't much of a stretch . 
   bloodhoung gang band barely escaped russia after their bassist dragged russian flag through his pants during concert ( in ukraine ) ; who exactly did they escape from ? 
  the authorities or angered fans ? 
  in the short term yes , since the population size is large enough . 
  however when it comes to evolution you have to think long term , where the harvard crowd will continue to shrink until it eventually becomes non-existant . 
  by the way , according to a [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fertility_and_intelligence ) the two traits are inversely correlated , but i ca n't make out whether the extent is large enough to suggest significant demographic changes in the future . 
  while i appreciate an opposing viewpoint as a start of discussion , probably lots of redditors , myself included , can give plenty of anecdotal stories to the contrary , about themselves being highly educated and childless while many of their high-school friends who did n't go to college are already married and have children . 
  and even if the average amount of children might be the same , the fact that the lower educated demographic have their children earlier can also lead to increase of that demographic during a given timeframe . 
  hence why i 'd like to see some proper research in this viewpoint . 
  i 'd like to see some surveys or statistics which map level of education with the expected birth rate . 
  if there actually is a difference , then we as a race might actually be in the process of breeding ourselves stupid ( something certain governments might actually like ) . 
  also , [ relevant video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icmrcixqrx8 ), 
  limburg . 
  i know it 's easy for a hollander to forget about us :( ps : you can tell where a flag is from when you hover your mouse over it . 
  it 's not all suns & roses everywhere else . 
  we get the loud and annoying belgians , frenchman and germans . 
  so that when i slip and land on my wallet i do n't break my hips because the wallet is overflowing with change . 
  i 'd like this to happen as well . 
  this post mad me look through my wallet just now and i found a coin i 've never seen before . 
  it would be neat if that would happen with bank notes as well , especially if they depicted something more historically relevant instead of boring fake bridges .
