  the general opinion is that he 's going to leave in the summer so this may be his replacement . 
  do you think he would work well as a second striker ? 
  because lopetegui may be thinking about changing our 4-3-3 system to one with a striker and a second striker acting as a deep lying forward given we have so many strikers left if only jackson leaves ( aboubakar , adrian , gon\u00e7alo , bueno ) . 
  god damned adri\u00e1n . 
  i kinda like him too and i 'm still waiting for things to work out . 
  jenny death really messed with the heads of death grips fans ... 
  maybe he did n't feel like it ? 
  i do n't know any reasons for him to not celebrate , maybe that 's just how he is, 
  waiting for the danilo goal ... :d, 
  that was a great play, 
  yeah it was a foul, 
  eh it 's good enough, 
  nice, 
  ~ ~ you know he can just hide this post right ? ~ ~, 
  i see ... how can i correct the node b equation then ? 
  i miss him already when i think about him leaving :(, 
  wait should n't the line be like this : http://i.imgur.com/nrmwaop.jpg, 
  nice !, 
  i solved these and it worked . 
  i understood it completely , thank you !, 
  i 'm curious now , what is your method for mesh ? 
  great match and beautiful goals !, 
   the kapre . 
  it sits up in the tree smoking a pipe . 
  sounds chill af, 
  it will certainly be an entertaining match whatever the outcome may be . 
  good luck porto and good luck bayern . 
  martinez may or may not play . 
  [ lopetegui and guardiola when they played for barcelona ( plus mourinho ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/crd80kc.jpg ), 
  lucky you , i did n't buy tickets in time :(, 
  jackson is starting !, 
  i hope we play against man utd but i guess we 'll know more on april 28th according to their website . 
  porto 's starting xi : fabiano ; danilo luiz , maicon roque , martins indi , alex sandro ; casemiro , herrera , \u00d3liver torres ; ricardo quaresma , jackson mart\u00ednez ( cap . 
  c'mon man that 's disrespectful . 
  he did some quality saves . 
  [ yes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sedhuwa1aq&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=18m19s ), 
  no man 5-0 was in november 7th , 2010 . 
  i was there . 
  it was the season with villas boas not the season with v\u00edtor pereira . 
  it looked like he had glue on his foot . 
  i 'm sad to see him leave . 
  my location is northern portugal if that helps . 
  thanks , you appear to be right !, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  it does look a lot like [ this greefinch ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wjupuwb.jpg ) and it was looking directly at the camera the whole time . 
  i was like 70 feet away and was pretty quiet ( i think ) . 
  probably both . 
  actually i have a question . 
  will the mother abandon the nest if i watch it from time to time ? 
  i check the nest like 3 times a day and just watch from 70 feet away but sometimes the bird flees for a while even if i 'm really quiet . 
  i just want to check if the eggs and nest are still there because sometimes we have a lot of wind and rain and i 'm afraid they disappear . 
  i do n't think bar\u00e7a should be confident at all . 
  confidence can be dangerous . 
  bayern can fuck anyone at home when they play at their best . 
  i would n't be confident if i was in their place . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  thanks for the tips !, 
  i like just watching from my third floor balcony with my binoculars but sometimes if i move too fast the mother flies away and i just go into my house and leave them alone . 
  [ slintles - sgt. 
  the dog with the yellow shirt looks like larry king . 
  his head looks huge in that pic . 
  i just started flossing not long ago and it feels like the string gets stuck between the bottom of my teeth and my gum and i feel like if i pull it up , my teeth are gon na pop and my gums start bleeding . 
  honestly it feels pretty horrible . 
  am i doing anything wrong ? 
  brb gon na cry yet again, 
  not to be that guy but brazilian is still portuguese ancestry . 
  thanks for your answer , very informative . 
  also what 's the deal about his age ? 
  i hope so !, 
  we made so pretty bad deals in the last few years ... 
  do you have any sources on that ? 
  also what do you think about this ? 
  dat 99 shot power , agility , balance and stamina on fifa 14 tho, 
  we made 7.5 m with a player that was n't even ours . 
  7.5 m for a loaned player . 
  what the fuck . 
  that 's obviously what it is . 
  i think lots of people dislike him because he made lots of fouls . 
  personally i like him because he 's a tough lad and that 's what you need from a defensive midfielder . 
  andr\u00e9 is quality m8 . 
  he scored 9 goals his season but our b team manager is complete rubbish and was playing him as a winger . 
  last season he scored 22 goals . 
  gon\u00e7alo is another quality lad . 
  he scored 10 goals this season and 5 last season but he 's been injured all the time . 
  sadly i do n't see any of them breaking into the first team just yet because we do n't like to invest in young lads from the academy and that 's a shame really . 
  [ some guys raise their hands every time a goal is scored . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpum-mojqm0 ), 
  it 's just instinct . 
  glad to have mr. 
  fancy pants for 2 more years . 
  what an absolute ledge . 
  pretty boring so far ... 
  oh shit , i 'm looking forward to see what colombia are going to do now !, 
  serbia will be tough . 
  lucas lima , andre andre and danilo pereira to porto . 
  he 's going to porto , 
  enjoy martinez man , he 's class !, 
  what happened to ganso and damiao ? 
  ganso was a very promising midfielder and damiao a very promising striker but they never left brazil . . 
  you could say the same about porto tbh,
