  thats a shame really . 
  i still remember stuff like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxvlcwcfthu, 
  big teams know about these talented lads but they 're not willing to sign them because they have a chance of not adapting to european football and stuff like that so they leave them to clubs like porto and benfica , and they sign them and sell the talented ones for a very big profit . 
  those are the ones you hear about on the news . 
  but there are lots of flops you never really hear about and they are way more common than the big deals . 
  glad to hear damiao is doing fine now . 
  do you think he has a chance of `` exploding '' like he was going to in 2011 ? 
  yeah but sergio oliveira , mangala , falcao , defour and brahimi are all connected with doyen . 
  he 's 28 and at the top of his form . 
  i think he 's got like 3 or 4 more good years in his career . 
  mr. bee happened . 
  also , do you think he 'd fit well in porto ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he 'll sign for us soon . 
  yeah , we use 4-3-3 but there are rumours that we are going to start using 4-4-2 as a backup formation . 
  i 'm not sure but probably not . . 
  do you think he can play in the middle like a number 10 ? 
  it will be cool watching him play with brahimi , tello , quaresma and aboubakar !, 
  quintero will be loaned to an european club , most likely . 
  well lucas lima will probably sign for us . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's ours at this point . 
  this is a great fucking signing . 
  this season will be decisive for him and i think he knows that . 
  my guess is that he will work really hard this season and come back very strong . 
  what a lineup lmao, 
  i did n't know garry kasparov played football too !, 
  i was thinking something like this :, 
  concentrao-b . alves-jose fonte-vieirinha, 
  just against ronaldo probably . 
  that 's why you start beto , mr. santos . 
  the greatest player scotland never had, 
  he works well as a striker in a 4-4-2 . 
  he made 3 goals and 2 assists to the man that 's tutoring him . 
  heh : http://www.reddit.com/r/footballmanagergames/comments/3ayt6r/at_one_point_i_didnt_even_know_if_i_was_watching/, 
  his tutor has 15 anticipation and 16 composure . 
  he also has a professional personality type . 
  the lad has been playing really well . 
  5 goals and 3 assists in 3 really though matches ( supercup final , champions league match against the 2nd best team in asia and league game against the 2nd best team in the country ) . 
  avg score is 9.20 . 
  what ppm would you recommend ? 
  yep , i 'm doing the hexagon challenge , but it 's like the third time i win the acl because it always seems like suwon won it when i was in saudi arabia and they always bashed my team in the final so i 'm having sweet revenge now that i 'm managing a far superior team . 
  what about \u00d3liver torres ? 
  i only started with urawa in 2022 and enabled the league in 2021 i think . 
  i was in tahiti and saudi arabia before that . 
  i 'm in 2024 so i 'm playing with regens mostly . 
  actually i just won the club world championshp !!!, 
  i was fucking lucky because the final was with schalke not with barcelona or real and 2 of their players got injured and they had no subs so i won against 9 men . 
  i can screencap some of my players tomorrow . 
  some of my players : http://imgur.com/a/bh7ot, 
  sadly i sold diallo ( my best player at the time ) but he was acting like a fucking prick so he had to go . 
  i started in the second division of tahiti , got promoted and won the ofc champions league in the third year because the new zealand teams were knocked out ( lucky ! ) . 
  then i moved to the third division on saudi arabia and stayed there for 4 years and i won everything in the 4th year except the acl . 
  i realized that no saudi teams would ever win it because their players are just worse than the korean and japanese teams . 
  so i moved to japan and i won everything there . 
  i was also the manager of the cameroon national team . 
  got knocked out in the quarter-finals of the world cup against germany and won the african cup of nations . 
  before that , i managed spain u23 just for the olympics and won it without any defeats . 
  now i 'm managing japan and i wan na win the asian nations cup so i can move to a north american or south american national team . 
  i will also manage urawa reds for like 1 or 2 more years and move to the african leagues . 
  i love to watch this tackle from time to time . 
  it was a red card . 
  lower leagues are the best for this kind of shit . 
  i already left the club and they sold him like a week after i left for 3.2 million . 
  now he 's worth 35 million . 
  it was good while it lasted . 
  he played 126 games for me and i developed him the best i could . 
  maybe one day in the future i 'll coach him again . 
  here 's what he looks like now : http://i.imgur.com/4sdyapt.png, 
  hey i also had a save with south china . 
  it was pretty fun . 
  portugal , i think . 
  no but guerreiro is french , carvalho is from angola and ilori is english . 
  yeah but they were born in portugal except for daniel fernandes . 
  fucking hell , this is n't good for me heart . 
  * release clause, 
  this evens my feelings about the u21 euro final . 
  35 million is a lot !, 
  yeah , it sounds way better in portuguese , 
  well , i did n't know they were meeting the release clause . 
  it 's quite different . 
  yeah , but can he do it on a cold , rainy night at stoke ? 
  not a picture but this sums up my feelings regarding the u21 euro final . 
  i see , sorry about the confusion m8 . 
  i have a boner right now . 
  here he is with the shirt on : http://i.imgur.com/arxbjje.jpg, 
  and his short interview ( in portuguese ) : http://www.fcporto.pt/pt/noticias/pages/imbula-ate-2020-com-clausula-de-rescisao-de-50-milhoes.aspx, 
  translation of what he said :, 
  `` i 'm very happy to sign for fc porto . 
  i loved the project . 
  this is a club that has won multiple european trophies and it has a great team , quality players and i hope i can make it even better . 
  i spoke with the coach two or three times and he convinced me to sign . 
  he told me that my abilities will suit the team 's style of playing . 
  i 'm happy to be here and i hope we win a lot of trophies '' , said the midfielder that , despite being born in vilvoorde , belgium is both french and congolese . 
  `` fc porto is n't known for giving a lot of money to their youngsters , so i did n't come here because of money . 
  i came here because of the faith they have in me and the project that they presented me . 
  by leaving marseille for porto , i felt like i 'm moving forward in my career and i hope i can repay all the faith that fc porto has in me '' , said imbula , that already had the opportunity of visiting the club facilities and his home for the next five years . 
  the translation is a bit weird but hey , it works . 
  i feel like the media talked about us less we won the champions league than they are talking now ... 
  maybe pay instead of assume ? 
  yes . 
  always here for you bro ,
