  #frontnational #france #fn #lepen #marinelepen 2017 #marine 2017 #aunomdupeople #frexit, 
  ^ this . 
  i think non-french speakers could alienate those guys . 
  it 's better if french speakers do the job of connecting them with the sub . 
  startpage is anonymous but based on google searches . 
  ixquick is the same but based on other search engines than google . 
  they write opinion pieces disguised as news articles, 
  this is a grown man , and a ceo !, 
  it 's so weird how trump made grown men behave like edgy 14 year old girls . 
  and it 's damn entertaining to watch !, 
  sarko the crook wants to delete this image from the internet . 
  these guys get paid by the buzzword . 
   implying trump sleeps, 
  `` hello fellow american . 
  this you should vote me . 
  i leave power . 
  good . 
  thank you , thank you . 
  if you vote me , i 'm hot . 
  taxes , they 'll be lower ... son . 
  the democratic vote is the right thing to do philadelphia , so do . '', 
  i think he was supposed to be based on warren buffett, 
  well , thank you mr schultz . 
  you know , when i came here seventeen years ago , and i said that i wanted to lead a campaign to get britain to leave the european union , you all laughed at me . 
  well , i have to say , you 're not laughing now , are you ? 
  the reason you 're so upset , the reason you 're so angry , has been perfectly clear from all the angry exchanges this morning . 
  you , as a political project , are in denial . 
  you 're in denial that your currency is failing . 
  you 're in denial ... well , just look at the mediterranean . 
  no , no , no . 
  as a policy to impose poverty on greece and the rest of the mediterranean you 've done very well , and you 're in denial over mrs merkel , or mrs merkel 's call last year for as many people as possible to cross the mediterranean into the european union has led to massive divisions between countries and within countries . 
  the biggest problem you 've got , and the reason , the main reason the united kingdom voted the way that it did , is because you have by stealth , by deception , without ever telling the truth to the british , or the rest of the peoples of europe , you 've imposed on them a political union . 
  you 've imposed upon them a political union . 
  when the people in 2005 in the netherlands and france voted against that political union , when they rejected the constitution , you simply ignored them and brought the lisbon treaty in through the back door . 
  what happened last thursday was a remarkable result , it was indeed a seismic result , just just for british politics , for european politics , but perhaps even for global politics too . 
  because what the little people did , all the ordinary people did , what the people who have been oppressed over the last few years and seen their living standards go down , they rejected the multinationals . 
  they rejected the merchant banks , they rejected big politics , and they said , `` actually , we want our country back . 
  we want our fishing waters back , we want our borders back . 
  we want to be an independent , self governing , normal nation . '' that is what we have done , and that is what must happen . 
  so the question , the questions is , what do we do next ? 
  now , it 's up to the british government to invoke article 50 , and i have to say , that i do n't think we should spend too long in doing it . 
  i totally agree with mr. juncker . 
  the british people have voted . 
  we need to make sure that it happens , but what i would like to see , is a grown up and sensible attitude to how we negotiate a different relationship . 
  now , i know , i know that virtually none of you have ever done a proper job in your lives , or worked in business , or worked in trade , or indeed ever created a job , but listen , just listen --, 
  you 're quite , sir , you 're quite right , mr. schulz . 
  ukip used to protest against the establishment , and now the establishment protests against ukip -- so something has happened here . 
  let us listen to some simple pragmatic economics . 
  we , between us , between your countries and my country , we do an enormous amount of business in goods and services . 
  that trade is mutually beneficial to both of us . 
  that trade matters . 
  if you were to decide to cut off your noses to spite your faces , and to reject any idea of a sensible trade deal , the consequences would be far worse for you than it would be for us , and i , even no deal is better for the united kingdom than the current rotten deal that we 've got . 
  but , if we were to move to a position where tariffs were re-introduced on products like motor cars , then hundreds of thousands of german workers would risk losing their jobs , so why do n't we just be pragmatic , sensible , grown up , realistic , and let 's cut between us , let 's cut between us a sensible tariff free deal and thereafter , and thereafter , recognize that the united kingdom will be your friend . 
  that we will trade with you , we will cooperate with you , we will be your best friends in the world , but do that , do it sensibly and allow us to go off and pursue our global ambitions in future . 
  thank you . 
  is n't the 2nd guy the dopey prince ? 
  i read somewhere that fillon wants to cut your welfare and shit . 
  is he going to do it ? 
  we had that type of austerity in portugal . 
  let me tell you : it fucking sucks . 
  ask anyone in portugal . 
  they 'll tell you the same thing . 
  in fact , lots of people emmigrated from portugal because of austerity ( a lot of them to france ) . 
  ask any portuguese immigrant in france and they 'll tell you all about austerity . 
  replace her with judge jeanine !, 
  if they lived through an actual fascist regime they would probably shit their pants . 
  `` haha i totally created a censorship tool but it 's just to get into china guys hahaha '', 
  jean-claude juncker , the president of the european commission called him a dictator in front of everyone recently :, 
  unprofessional !, 
  spirit cooking / s, 
  this is more accurate . 
  we gained 7099 subscribers yesterday . 
  23,064 since last friday, 
  we gained 7099 subscribers yesterday . 
  that sounds like something karl pilkington would say . 
  volleys 99, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_ ( plato ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leviathan_ ( book ), 
  [ jos\u00e9 afonso - cantigas do maio ] ( https://rateyourmusic.com/release/album/jose_afonso/cantigas-do-maio/ ), 
  [ jos\u00e9 afonso - cantares do andarilho ] ( https://rateyourmusic.com/release/album/jose_afonso/cantares-do-andarilho/ ), 
  ] ( https://rateyourmusic.com/release/album/grupo_de_accao_cultural/pois_cante__/ ), 
  they 're fighting trump 's spam by making every single post about trump . 
  it does n't really matter to most people , just check any other news about this on other subreddits . 
  if many western news organizations come together and say something happened , it 100 % happened . 
  yes , guterres was sworn in yesterday . 
  i just hope that the people in aleppo have a comfy christmas . 
  war is hell . 
  the daily beast has an article claiming assad forces are burning people alive in aleppo . 
  it 's the daily beast though so i do n't expect anything else from them . 
  january 1st, 
  that bow tie was holding him back . 
  aphex twin , swans , japandroids , death grips , flying lotus . 
  same, 
  itt : people who ca n't deal with the fact that they 're getting older and so are their childhood heroes , so they think this is just an exceptionally bad year . 
  i got news for you , the next years will be worse than 2016 . 
  `` fuck 2016 '' people , come back to me in 1 years time . 
  i ca n't believe you 've done this . 
  what the fuck, 
  i 'm 20 years old and lately this is all i 've been thinking about . 
  hi guys i ca n't seem to solve this very simple circuit :,
