  keep 'em coming !, 
  a press conference is being held tomorrow at 12pm ( spanish time ) for iker . 
  it 's possible that porto are going to play in the trofeo santiago bernab\u00e9u in august and that would be iker 's tribute . 
  yeah, 
  probably both . 
  i failed a lot of exams too , this semester included and that 's why i 'm sad too , because i know how it feels . 
  thanks for the tips . 
  i 'm probably not saying anything because i 'm not even supposed to know when his grades came out but i 'll try not to disturb him too much . . 
  my dad does n't like to go to bars or drink but he does like jogging and walking a lot . 
  maybe i should invite him for a run !, 
  i told him i passed one of my courses ( i was hoping to tell my parents later ) and he does n't seem to be as sad ( i hope ) . 
  the fact that so many books still name the beatles as `` the greatest or most significant or most influential '' rock band ever only tells you how far rock music still is from becoming a serious art . 
  jazz critics have long recognized that the greatest jazz musicians of all times are duke ellington and john coltrane , who were not the most famous or richest or best sellers of their times , let alone of all times . 
  classical critics rank the highly controversial beethoven over classical musicians who were highly popular in courts around europe . 
  rock critics are still blinded by commercial success . 
  the beatles sold more than anyone else ( not true , by the way ) , therefore they must have been the greatest . 
  jazz critics grow up listening to a lot of jazz music of the past , classical critics grow up listening to a lot of classical music of the past . 
  rock critics are often totally ignorant of the rock music of the past , they barely know the best sellers . 
  no wonder they will think that the beatles did anything worthy of being saved . 
  in a sense , the beatles are emblematic of the status of rock criticism as a whole : too much attention paid to commercial phenomena ( be it grunge or u2 ) and too little to the merits of real musicians . 
  if somebody composes the most divine music but no major label picks him up and sells him around the world , a lot of rock critics will ignore him . 
  if a major label picks up a musician who is as stereotyped as can be but launches her or him worldwide , your average critic will waste rivers of ink on her or him . 
  this is the sad status of rock criticism : rock critics are basically publicists working for major labels , distributors and record stores . 
  they simply highlight what product the music business wants to make money from . 
  contemporary musicians never spoke highly of the beatles , and for good reason . 
  they could never figure out why the beatles ' songs should be regarded more highly than their own . 
  they knew that the beatles were simply lucky to become a folk phenomenon ( thanks to `` beatlemania '' , which had nothing to do with their musical merits ) . 
  that phenomenon kept alive interest in their ( mediocre ) musical endeavours to this day . 
  nothing else grants the beatles more attention than , say , the kinks or the rolling stones . 
  there was nothing intrinsically better in the beatles ' music . 
  ray davies of the kinks was certainly a far better songwriter than lennon & mccartney . 
  the stones were certainly much more skilled musicians than the ` fab four ' . 
  and pete townshend was a far more accomplished composer , capable of entire operas such as `` tommy '' and `` quadrophenia '' ; not to mention the far greater british musicians who followed them in subsequent decades or the us musicians themselves who initially spearheaded what the beatles merely later repackaged to the masses . 
  rojadirecta, 
  it 's safe . 
  that eft thing sounds like new age bullshit to me but hey , if it works good for you !, 
  i remember some guy that tripped on his dog or something . 
  edit : http://www.theguardian.com/football/2008/sep/29/stoke.dog.injury, 
  i do n't know why i still remember this . 
  also :, 
  \u2022 chic brodie 's career came to an abrupt end in october 1970 when the brentford goalkeeper collided with a sheepdog that had run on to the pitch , shattering a kneecap . 
  `` the dog might have been a small one , but it just happened to be a solid one , '' he said . 
  the former barnsley midfielder darren barnard , however , was sidelined for five months with a torn knee ligament after he slipped in a puddle of his puppy 's urine on the kitchen floor . 
  \u2022 the everton goalkeeper richard wright was ruled out of an fa cup fourth-round replay at chelsea after twisting his ankle by falling over a sign warning him not to practice in the goalmouth during the pre-match warm-up . 
  he also damaged his shoulder by falling through a loft as he was trying to pack away his suitcases . 
  wright 's former ipswich team-mate kieron dyer , then at newcastle , damaged his left eye when he collided with a pole in training . 
  \u2022 during his spell at leeds united , the england defender rio ferdinand picked up a tendon strain in his knee after leaving his leg propped on a coffee table for too long while watching television . 
  ferdinand 's england colleague david james also suffered at the hands of the tv when he pulled a muscle in his back when reaching for the remote control . 
  james also tweaked his shoulder while attempting to land a carp while fishing . 
  \u2022 the then kidderminster captain sean flynn broke his nose , bust his lip and bruised his toes after tripping over his son 's toy cars . 
  but a real car accounted for the toy-sized alan wright , who strained his knee by stretching to reach the accelerator in his new ferrari . 
  he subsequently swapped the sports car for a rover 416 . 
  the former leeds and blackburn midfielder david batty injured his achilles tendon when he was run over by his toddler on a tricycle . 
  \u2022 in 1993 the goalkeeper dave beasant dropped a bottle of salad cream on his foot , severing the tendon in his big toe and keeping him out of action for eight weeks . 
  similarly , the spain goalkeeper santiago canizares missed the 2002 world cup after accidentally shattering a bottle of aftershave in his hotel sink . 
  a piece of glass fell on his foot , severing a tendon in his big toe . 
  \u2022 in 1975 the manchester united goalkeeper alex stepney dislocated his jaw while shouting at his defenders during a match against birmingham . 
  meanwhile england 's alan mullery missed the 1964 tour of south america after injuring his back while brushing his teeth - not a problem for the american international kasey keller , who knocked out his front teeth while pulling his golf clubs out of the boot of his car . 
  \u2022 the arsenal striker charlie george cut off his toe with a lawnmower , but the then-aston villa forward darius vassell missed several games after he drilled through his toe nail with a home power drill thinking it would relieve the pressure on a swollen toe . 
  it developed an infection that required medical attention . 
  \u2022 and finally , the norway defender svein grondalen had to withdraw from an international during the 1970s after colliding with a moose while out jogging . 
  where did get that info ? 
  i heard things were going great . 
  best i could find : https://youtu.be/mz2wppdd7my?t=8m36s, 
  check the sponsor topic on there , 
  cruel intentions, 
  i signed that fat fuck !, 
  saved his professional life , gave him 2 years as a player !, 
  he would n't fucking dare . 
  i think jose angel will leave and alex sandro will renew . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/donsteppedoutside, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/donsteppedoutside, 
  / u/trollabot donsteppedoutside, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/donsteppedoutside, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/donsteppedoutside, 
  ah man , i wish my town had 5ks , all we have is 10ks , marathons and half marathons . 
  what about pied piper ? 
  benfica actually has around 156000 members , they did a recount not long ago and the number dropped almost 100000 . 
  so bayern probably passed them a long time ago . 
  i think some people just bought the supporter kit and never paid anything after that but they were still members . 
  if i recall correctly , benfica did this to win some guinness world record . 
  they had big numbers but only 156000 were actually paying members . 
  plus lots of dead people in 10 years + no money in portugal = -100 k members . 
  saturday : fc porto v. vitoria sc 20:30 bst ( casillas ' official debut for porto as well as maxi pereira , giannelli imbula , dani osvaldo and alberto bueno ( not guaranteed ) ), 
  try sending them messages on facebook and make comments on their pics . 
  sometimes they will respond . 
  if they do n't respond just keep trying . 
  unfortunately their website does n't work properly . 
  you could also try calling them on the phone :, 
  let me know how that worked out for you !, 
  i also managed them on fm and it was one of my best saves . 
  i say call-eh-hawn, 
  thx for making my request / u/matchthreadder !, 
  he got injured last week but he 's fine now , just resting . 
  if we sell herrera , maybe . . 
  i rate andr\u00e9 ^ 2 quite highly !, 
  imbula is so fucking good ... my god ... 
  he still did n't get vit\u00f3ria 's name right ( not that i care ), 
  very excited . 
  he 's going to be less tired this season so i expect more consistency .
