  should i ? 
  i would n't know how to fix it . 
  i 'll just wait for france to eventually wreck and annex them . 
  yes, 
  i 'm not gon na do it then . 
  the king is like 20 and i could n't beat france because they and the papal state are my only allies . 
  well austria is an opm now , i annexed provence and burgundy is a vassal of the papal state . 
  my only shot would be england . 
  my allies right now are bohemia , papal state , venice , swabia ( opm ) , lower lorraine and france . 
  france 's allies are sweden and me . 
  england is friendly towards me so i can get an alliance easily but england is england , they do n't help out . 
  the army of my allies and myself + england is 248252 and france + allies is 92000 . 
  the problem is that i do n't know how would join me . 
  my army alone is 81k and force limit is 109 . 
  france 's army + allies is 94k and force limit is 135 . 
  france 's rivals are england , aztec and inca . 
  yes, 
  very nice , thank you . 
  build 30 or 40 galleys using lots of loans . 
  put them in marmara . 
  wait until the ottos get into a stupid war and you just need to make sure their fleet has been crashed really . 
  an admiral would n't hurt . 
  i won my first war alone with a 9 stack because they had a weak fleet , they were fighting 2 more wars against mamluks and anatolian minors and the other countries did n't give them access as they were rivals . 
  it was a walk in the park . 
  i almost went bankrupt though . 
  i use them to put my name in there when i do n't wan na deal with oe and ae , i 'll just break the protectorate whenever and fully annex them . 
  holy shit i just got into a personal union over sweden as well !!!, 
  in all my games i never got a personal union but this time things worked out so fucking well !, 
  am i the only one that likes espionage late game ? 
  if i want to attack a huge blob i like to lift the fog of war for how long i want and know exactly where their armies and ships are . 
  plus you get a free diplomat which is useful if you wan na get into the hre game . 
  you can also sabotage reputation which gives a -50 malus to all neighbors and rivals and sometimes it 's useful . 
  imagine if the electors of the hre wo n't vote for you just barely , then you can sabotage the reputation of the guy they are voting for and boom -50 malus on relations . 
  sometimes you can have an event that lifts fog of war for free for 3 months if you 're at war and sometimes you get an event that gives +50 % chance of new heir if you 're in a regency . 
  pnr, 
   sebastian i caused the portuguese succession crisis by dying on his own crusade in morocco, 
  never !, 
  el rei dom sebasti\u00e3o is very much alive in the hearts of all portuguese people . 
  he will return someday in a misty morning to save our nation from our darkest times . 
  innovative ideas have a good policy . 
  i managed to get to 13.2 land morale and 130 % discipline because of all the policies and ideas i had . 
  needless to say i could smash everyone 's army . 
  oh yeah innovative gave ability i was confused . 
  my 130 % discipline comes from :, 
  - government form and rank : 5 % ( absolute monarchy gives +5 % ), 
  - prussian ambitions : 7.5 %, 
  - full quality : 5 %, 
  - the military zeal act : 2.5 %, 
  - weapon quality standards : 5 %, 
  i 'm about to finish my nogai run . 
  i started off in a very tight spot because the 4 nations around me all rivaled me and were allied to each other ( only the nations opposite to each other ) . 
  what i did :, 
  - allied with oirat to deal with uzbek and golden horde alliance ( oirat has vassals so they are stronger than they look ), 
  - allied with qara qoyunlu to deal with timurids and kazan alliance ( i was lucky because in my game the timurids blew up and kazan got raped by muscovy . ), 
  - ally with crimea because why not ( if they 're weak break the alliance and annex and try to get provinces next to genoa asap ) . 
  - go for kazan 's gold province asap . 
  - if you 're relatively far from plc you can ally them . 
  i did the usual stuff ( gift , permanent diplomat and diplo rep advisor ) and i took a bunch of loans and built tons of infantry for the army strength bonus for the alliance . 
  obviously this alliance just wo n't work if you have borders with them ( golden horde ) . 
  - beating muscovy and novgorod was easy because plc + your army + other allies . 
  i took all the high basetax provinces from novgorod and left them the shitty 1 and 2 bt . 
  - in my case the commonwealth formed and as soon as i got borders with them they rivaled me so i allied their allies ( scandinavia , livonian order ) and build 35 forts along the border . 
  never have they set foot in my capital . 
  - when i got stronger i said fuck you to qq and allied ottomans instead . 
  - in the meantime i betrayed oirat alliance and blobbed to the east + colonized siberia . 
  - it was a pretty relaxing game after around 1650 or so . 
  i fully annexed japan in one go because of overseas expansion cb . 
  in my game i only lost 1 war against plc , and i only lost novgorod . 
  after that i went full on paranoid , saved up , built a shit ton of forts , buildings for force limit and manpower and took quantity and defensive ideas . 
  of course what probably helped most was allying their allies so most of the time i was fighting with them not against them . 
  kaffa, 
  i feel like i 'm doing a lot worse than the ai would do in my situation . 
  i 'm in asia . 
  nope . 
  date is correct yes but i 'm not japan . 
  pretty close , i 'm gujarat . 
  but india is n't muslim and does n't have a flag like hindustan . 
  bharat is pretty similar though ( almost the same flag and hindus ) . 
  maybe hindustan would be like india if they were muslims ? 
  thank you for reminding me this exists, 
  eastern promises which is like really good . 
  there is no anti austerity left alliance . 
  there are 3 leftist parties that are anti austerity but they are not an alliance . 
  they are three separate parties . 
  the coalition had 36.86 % if the votes and the socialist party had 32.21 % . 
  if the leftist parties never reached a deal before or after the elections why the hell would ant\u00f3nio costa be chosen as pm ? 
  do you have a source saying the eu denied power to the supposed `` alliance '' ( that still has n't come with a deal or even formed a coalition yet ) ? 
  it 's quite obvious that the leftist parties just looked at the numbers after the elections and ganged up on the coalition . 
  this is pretty obvious because before the elections the three leftist parties were basically enemies and were constantly criticizing each other . 
  ( this one is less than a month old !! ), 
  i think cavaco silva inviting passos coelho to form government was the right choice . 
  let 's look at the numbers of the 2009 election , shall we ? 
  psd + cds-pp ( the two coalition parties were separated ) had 29.1 % +10.4 % = 39.5 % of the votes . 
  ps had 36.6 % , cdu had 7.9 % and be had 9.8 %, 
  so , the party that won the elections ( ps ) did n't have a majority nor the backing of the other leftist parties . 
  but what did the president cavaco silva ( yes , it 's the same guy ) do ? 
  he invited jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates to form a government . 
  why though ? 
  because it 's simply the right thing to do . 
  if you won the elections , you form government , even if that government has a high chance of failing .
