only masturbate weekly . 
  if you smoke , only smoke on vacation/parties . 
  if you drink alcohol , only drink on vacation/parties ( do n't drive ) . 
  if you have problems in your life talk to someone . 
  drink water . 
  if you do n't exercise regularly , start exercising . 
  if you do n't meditate regularly , start meditating . 
  sleep more . 
  study less , but harder . 
  drink more water . 
  if you do n't use google calendar , start using it . 
  when you are not studying nor doing important stuff have the most fun you possibly can ( work hard play harder ) . 
  do n't pull all nighters . 
  go to office hours . 
  study with a friend just once in a while . 
  drink coffee but not too much . 
  get a whiteboard if possible . 
  read more on your free time . 
  spend less time in front of the computer . 
  interact with people every chance you get . 
  cut on the junk food . 
  do n't stuff your face with food or you 'll acomplish nothing for a few hours ( on holidays it 's fine to do this ) . 
  have fun . 
  oh ... and drink more water . 
  late comment but i 'll tell you this : you do n't control what 's happening in your subconscious . 
  those feelings of depression you have are caused by your subconscious and you ca n't control them . 
  but i have good news , that depresssion you speak of can be turned into positive feelings . 
  right now you are sad , but why are you sad ? 
  you are sad because you chose to be sad . 
  your subconscious gave you negative feelings and you took them and decided `` i am sad '' . 
  but life is different than that . 
  you should never listen to your subconscious because sometimes it can be your greatest enemy . 
  what you should do is acknowledge the negative feelings your subconscious is trying to push into your mind and simply put them in a bubble and think ** `` i have some negative feelings and it 's totally ok but that does n't mean i 'm sad or depressed , it 's just my subconscious trying to make me feel sad '' ** , then you think about what may have caused your subconscious to try and make you feel sad and you change things around for the better . 
  miss your girlfriend ? 
  no problem , give her a call . 
  missing human contact ? 
  ( i know how that goes before the midterms ) call a friend , or a bunch of them . 
  two hours with them wo n't hurt your grades ( if anything it will make them better because you decreased your frustration by chilling with your mates and therefore you will have a more productive day ) . 
  let 's try to analyze the situation : are you feeling down ? 
  if yes , why ? 
  do you have control over what caused your sadness ? 
  if yes , change stuff around until it does n't bother you . 
  if no , why would you feel guilty or sad , you could n't control what happened . 
  you should read more on stoicism . 
  try `` meditations '' by marcus aurelius or `` the art of living : the classical manual on virtue , happiness and effectiveness '' by epictetus . 
  now go kick some ass champ . 
  edit : i saw you like chopin . 
  you might scriabin , satie , john field and debussy . 
   i 'm usually good at pushing my feelings away , to the point of being called `` soulless '' and `` emotionless '' by some, 
  that 's where your error is . 
  instead of pushing your feelings away and try to hide that you are sad/frustrated you should embrace those feelings and think `` i 'm having negative feelings but hey at least i 'm feeling something '' . 
  you should be fully aware of your negative thoughts and you should focus on what is being sensed at the moment , instead of wasting your time worrying about the future or the past . 
  do some research about mindfulness . 
  it does n't need to be a difficult buddhist monk meditation bullshit or whatever . 
  just take 10 minutes at night , sit on chair , relax your muscles , close your eyes and breathe . 
  but be fully aware of your breath in your nose , in your throat , in your mouth . 
  think about your breath and your breath only , and when you start thinking about other things just focus on your breath . 
  inhale , exhale . 
  if you think this is going to be easy , you are so wrong my friend . 
  in this age of technology it 's * so * hard to think about just one thing for 10 minutes that many people , like you , get frustrated with their lives . 
  but remember , it does n't have to be like that . 
  inhale , exhale . 
  it 's ok if you fail lots of times . 
  just remember `` water dripping day by day wears the hardest rock away . '', 
  when you learn to be aware of your breath , you 'll be fully aware of what 's going on in your mind and be way happier . 
  lots of people know about angel olsen . 
  she has 40k likes on facebook and 105k listeners on last.fm . 
  not exactly unknown . 
  sing to god is always a good fucking listen . 
  those bands are all extremely well known . 
  all your bands are 5 stars . 
  well , except for the white stripes :p, 
  duuude . 
  i saw cloud nothings live this summer . 
  great fucking gig but i knew what to expect . 
  also , `` the devil and god are raging inside me '' and `` deja entendu '' are two pretty solid albums . 
  red hot chili peppers have 28.934.098 likes on facebook , 256.995.393 scrobbles and 4.252.968 listeners on last.fm . 
  everclear have 295.773 likes on facebook , 10.237.931 scrobbles and 849.664 listeners on last.fm . 
  james have 278.863 likes on facebook , 8.526.505 scrobbles and 535.216 listeners on last.fm . 
  megadeth have 8.332.320 likes on facebook , 85.246.101 scrobbles and 1.290.614 listeners on last.fm . 
  nmh is pretty mainstream bro . 
  saw them live last summer and the venue was full of people . 
  i did n't like modern baseball 's latest album at all . 
  but i may give another try . 
   ever, 
  i 've been through depression , frustration and social anxiety before . 
  i wasted 2 years of my life on a city i did n't like , a college i did n't like and friends i did n't like . 
  you kinda learn a few things here and there when you 're struggling at life . 
  i know all of them , 
  `` winnipeg is a frozen shithole '' , `` huge chrome cylinder box unfolding '' and `` songs about my cats '' are great albums . 
  check them out if you have n't . 
  haha , i 'm actually friends with gautier serre on facebook and i happen to like nostril . 
  i * loved * `` ancient romans '' . 
  i thought that all the albums i heard by the xx , chet faker and flume were * very * bland . 
  not saying they are bad artists , just saying we have different tastes . 
  `` faust is easily on my top 10 man what a crazy fucking jam . 
  also `` de mysteriis dom sathanas '' , `` dusk at cubist castle '' and `` black foliage '' are pretty cool . 
  have you heard the new album by circulatory system ? 
  it 's very similar to otc . 
  oh yes you definitely beat me !,
