i see it now . 
  thousands of poles with white eagle and national flags standing shoulder to shoulder on their border screaming the polish national anthem . 
  that or they are making plans to hurridly build a fence just incase . 
  the disappointment will only grow as they find out we do n't have everything they wanted . 
  i personally think the government is exposing how much strain the system is actually under . 
  lol . 
  things are about to heat up more than we ever anticipated . 
  with germany fast tracking benefit cuts and trying to keep people out . 
  we may have a large wave of hateful immigrants soon terrorizing out streets, 
  slovenia does n't have near the resources to deal with the tens of thousands that would come their way . 
  we can promote our own birthrates here in europe . 
  even taking away the immigrants the native rates have been rising and are expected to level off near replacement levels . 
  we do not ` need ' these people . 
  educate immigration is one thing , but replacing ourselves is not the answer . 
  these are our homelands and we should remember that european culture and identity does exist . 
  we should not call one another racist , fascist , or bigoted for simply loving our own cultures and the way they are . 
  we can fix our population issues from the inside . 
  yes . 
  the left parties , which at their cores used to be good , are now playing this ' who can out stupid one another ' game with their policies instead of listening to their people like they use to . 
  we are no-where near to far gone . 
  we need to drop immigration to damn near 0 and then pound integration into people like a nail into a piece of wood . 
  the generation of immigrant children born here should be taught to think of themselves as swedish to at least some extent . 
  we also have a huge majority still , 85-88 % percent and that is counting the finns too . 
  we also have many eastern europeans who integrate way way better than the non-europeans . 
  this situation is more than able to be fixed , but it has to be done soon by sd . 
  if it is n't taken care of in the next 5-10 years it definitely will be too late . 
  we should n't burden the danes . 
  it is our fuckup, 
  yes the mess is fixable . 
  sd would have to essentially hault all immigration , make begging illegal and all of the romani and bulgarians would leave in a day . 
  we would then have to do what denmark did and cut asylum benefits by like 55-60 % and watch the people flow out of this country . 
  another approach i believe jimmie said was give people financial incentives to leave . 
  it is more than fixable right now , but in 10 more years it definately wont be . 
  we should n't burden the danes with our own fuck-up . 
  they are finally getting shit back together . 
  the big problem is that all of the other parties have worked for 2 decades now to wipe out swedish-ness and swedes are starting to get sick of it . 
  i love midsommar , burning the goat in g\u00e4vle , snaps , and celebrating in ever facet of what it means to be swedish . 
  sd is showing to people that it is ok to say '' i am swedish and i am proud '' it does n't mean your 're a racist . 
  i does n't mean your intolerant and the other parties need to stop saying it means and continueing to try and wipe out swedishness with their cult of multiculturalism . 
  agreed !, 
  they honestly are n't that terrible . 
  jimmie likes the welfare state and he would n't touch lgbt rights because he knows he would never be elected again . 
  yup !, 
  there is limit to what sweden can provide and i think we as the swedish people have hit our limit . 
  this is our land , we are happy to share with some but we ca n't share with all . 
  jimmie does believe in the welfare state and he would n't dare touch lgbt rights . 
  i am in the same boat . 
  far-left . 
  love the social welfare state , but god damn they are worth it if immigration gets fixxed . 
  sd also likes the social welfare state so i think they will keep it largely intact . 
  actually nationalism is skyrocketing our anti-immigration party could win the next election if they do well enough . 
  actually no . 
  this is the country of swedes not of the entire world . 
  omg get over yourself . 
  we are 9.7 million america is like 320 million . 
  go educate yourself . 
  i just support sending ` refugees ' back to the first safe country the entered unless that country is so full and ca n't handel others . 
  once you get into a safe country you should be obligated to register . 
  if you leave again for a richer country you are welfare touring to find the biggest benefit . 
  i do agree with that statement . 
  we should n't be pushing you to them . 
  l\u00f6fven is just a jackass in every form imaginable . 
  sd knows , at least to some extent , what limits our country has . 
  our government does need to stop acting like a super rich utopia , but people like needzmoar should n't just assume we are because our government does . 
  it is n't our job to take care of these welfare tourists who use to be refugees . 
  as a swede i apologize for the people our moronic government sent your way . 
  send them back by all means . 
  we may be well off but we are n't super rich utopia . 
  we do n't have money to go around to everyone in the world mate . 
  there are over 50 million displaced people in the world . 
  you think we have enough money for all of them ? 
  the modern , lovely , welfare state is already starting to become thinly stretched and it is time to stop the stretching . 
  we need to impose border controls and send people back to a one of the many many safe countires they traveled through . 
  it is not our job to care for hundreds of thousands of people who are honestly economic migrants . 
  i support refugees but when you travel through 10-12 countries with no war and say you want a better life those are the places you should be applying in not running toward the swedish welfare system . 
  it is my tax dollar not theirs . 
  i have to agree with masquechatice . 
  if we do n't make our government responsible there might be a lot less of the europe that has exists for hundreds of years and more of a europe that is n't truly european . 
  i respect all people , we need to do our part to help actual refugees , but economic migrants from africa , and other parts of the middle east are not our problem . 
  culture does exist here . 
  swedish culture , germany culture , estonian culture etc etc and at some point the peoples of europe will hit a wall where they say '' no more '' for europe belongs to the europeans . 
  economic migrants or welfare tourists you mean . 
  they have passed through countless eu nations . 
  they could have applied for refugee status in anyone of them , or turkey . 
  they are marching toward the fattest welfare check they can get at this point . 
  no that is incredibly incorrect . 
  if you run to turkey , jordan , greece , bulgaria , or any other first state you enter you should be considered a refugee . 
  when you walk through 10 countries in europe alone chasing down the swedish benefits system you are n't a refugee anymore . 
  you 're an economic migrant . 
  thank you denmark for closing the road !, 
  now register them or send them back to a border country where they should have registered first . 
  welp i think it is time to close the border , put every armed policemen and serviceman on the streets and evacuate the public areas . 
  sweden is in for a wild ride ... 
  i have to agree !, 
  they do not go to places like poland ( not that they are welcoming ) and get a job . 
  look at the danish government . 
  they cut the benefits and are pushing integration , people are leaving in droves.i am extremely sympothetic to the syrians and humanitarianly we do need to help them , but once they leave a safe country like turkey , jordan , or lebanon they are economic migrants . 
  they come here ( sweden ) because we shell out huge amounts of money to them because they are n't interested in integrating . 
  if they were our crime rate would n't be so high and natives swedes would n't feel so uncomfortable in our own homeland . 
  birth rates in europe have stabilized and are slowly going up again .
