  or are they not even theirs ... maybe a victim dropped them ? 
  i 'd like to know the story . 
  yeah i 'm thinking it was a translation error too . 
  it seems to just be closed until further notice . 
  dutch media is saying 7 dead . 
  horrible news from france once again . 
  the nl has already been at war with is for a while , this is not a new fight we 're getting into and need new forces for . 
  i was about to say the same thing . 
  this title is very misleading . 
  despite what cnn is reporting , the terrorism threat level was not raised to the next level in the netherlands . 
  it was already at ` substantial ' and it is staying that way . 
  this means an attack is not unthinkable , but there is no proof that an attack is being planned . 
  french & egyptian nationalities also confirmed . 
  facts so far : 1 french , 1 egyptian and 1 syrian among the dead terroists . 
  source : bbc , cnn & dutch nos news, 
  yeah because adding another language into the mix is really what that country needs ... 
  oh yeah that shocked me too !, 
  at soccer games here food is overpriced but dang america ... they just take it to the next level !, 
  there used to be a european ( american ) football league . 
  but most of the teams did n't have enough money so now it 's a german league ;p, 
  as a dutchie who saw the yankees ( with jeter ) vs mets i got very excited about baseball . 
  but then i saw the astro 's vs brewers and was so bored  but here we play it a lot in pe class in elementary and high school ... so that helps with understanding the game a bit . 
  and hot dogs make everything better ... do n't they ? 
  i love that the spanish just make a statement, 
  yay dutch . 
  google instead of posting here, 
  how so ? 
  sure , ttip brings opportunities ( for holland 's trade for instance ) but also a lot of things we do n't want . 
  i 'm mainly thinking about food related things . 
  dutch/eu rules on livestock and produce are a lot more strict than in the us for instance . 
  and for good reason . 
  ah . . i actually knew that !, 
  but temporarily forgot . 
  but what about the tallest actual building though ? 
  i thought it was the nationale nederlanden building, 
  wow i never knew this !, 
  interesting !, 
  yeah and he can wreck relationships with any country out there . 
  no one is gon na wan na work with him or help him out . 
  do you really wan na find out though ? 
  hey im not american so i dont care either way . 
  but while we 're on the subject ... trump says a lot of contradicting things too . 
  plus he has no clue how to deal with other world leaders . 
  he just offends everyone . 
  that 's how your country goes down the drain . 
  are you trying to bring in the end of days ? 
  regardless of which side you are on ... why on earth do we care what donald trump has to say about it ? 
  wish the journalists would stop giving him airtime . 
  i 'm a lass  and not if i can help it !, 
  i hope we do n't get a referendum ... too many uneducated people who 'll go with the populist vote . 
  what you fail to realize is that your country is gon na be spending way , way more money now that you 're not in the eu anymore . 
  and you 're gon na be losing a lot when it comes to trade . 
  i am very curious as to how the whole calais thing is gon na play out . 
  it might remain the same , right ? 
  agreed . 
  i think a lot of people were blinded by the huge amounts of money they were paying the eu . 
  what they failed to realize though is that they will be spending much , much more now that they are leaving the eu . 
  good luck dealing with your economy !, 
  do n't feel sorry for us ... i mean ... it sucks . 
  but you 're gon na have to deal with bigger repercussions . 
  no man . 
  letting poor countries into the eu is what 's dragging us down in the first place . 
  no offence ... 
  `` you should wear helmets when riding your bike . '', 
  `` so are you from amsterdam ? '', 
  `` you 've never done drugs ?!? '', 
  also , americans confusing ` dutch ' for ` deutsch ' . 
  thank god someone posted this . 
  so true !, 
  lol . 
  go wear helmets if you want to , but leave us alone dammnit !, 
  i know this is beside the point ... but who drew this map ? 
  `` oh the netherlands ... yeah just make it a random blob shape . . '', 
  what kind of supermarket is that ?!, 
  they sell lots of tea in germany, 
  in dutch we also have dames en heren ( damen und herren ) , but usually ` jongens ' is more informal . 
  the thing you have for colleagues is interesting though !, 
  we use ` collega 's ' which is the plural for colleague . 
  it 's neither male nor female i think . 
  as a dutch person i can see why non-natives think that . 
  we tend to make a lot of weird noises . 
  haha, 
  in dutch we do the same . 
  we say ` jongens ' ( literally : boys ) to mixed gender groups all the time . 
  english learners can say the same thing about english . 
  when you literally translate english sentences word for word into other languages everything is scrambler around and not making any sense too . 
  well then what are you even talking about ? 
  no one ever ` yaps ' about a united ` europe ' outside of the eu . 
  ahh the cinque terre area is gorgeous . 
  can i be there now ? 
  throwing water and missing . 
  that 's what it is . 
  it 's a us thing , but he was just naming groups that speak a form of dutch or german . 
  turkey isnt part of the european union dude, 
  turkey, 
  that 's the gist of it, 
  there u go , adding to the danish happiness , 
  well it was gifted to me and reading can bring you some peace and joy . 
  so quality of life ... definitely worth the time and money . 
  and thankfully the topic was quite good too ,
