  they are just responding to what was thrown at them . 
  and for once they decided to hit the ball rather than dodge it . 
  i still ca n't get over how weird it is for the turkish minister to start talking about how her human rights were violated when her government goes against human rights all the time . 
  it 's not like we threw her in jail either . 
  ouch . . !, 
  haha, 
  i doubt it . 
  they are a pretty odd party and have been involved in a big scandal recently . 
  im guessing everyone already had their mind made up about them regardless of what their stance turns out to be here . 
  but i could be wrong . 
  why though ? 
  all parties ( except for denk ) backed this move so who is gaining votes here ? 
  genuine question . 
  i guess the dutch turks were feeling homesick then , 
  yeah probably . 
  though us dutchies tend to take 1-3 week trips during the summer . 
  but yeah , i can see how not everyone does that abroad . 
  yes . 
  in my family/friends/aquaintances / co-workers/neighbors i do n't know a single person who does n't travel abroad at least once a year . 
  even if it is just to germany or belgium , which are very close for most of the country . 
  i know that all of that is not representative for our entire country , but still ... 
  i expected the number to be somewhat higher . 
  usually elections do n't change our actions concerning other countries . 
  words yes , actions no . 
  so yes , this came as a surprise . 
  ah my bad . 
  i missed that !, 
  true , 
  actually surprised the dutch number is n't higher . 
  ah no problem , 
  as a dutch person , i am actually surprised . 
  usually when a ` threat ' or ` annoyance ' ( for lack of a better word . . ) presents itself our government is too politically correct and wants to keep everyone happy . 
  and thus they do nothing . 
  i 'm happy to see them putting their foot down this time . 
  welcome back, 
  u have my upvote !, 
  standing up to someone is being a pussy ? 
  quite the opposite in my eyes . 
  you ca n't seriously think that ... 
  it was a purposeful inside joke  a lot of dutchies say this sentence in english jokingly . 
  read what i posted again carefully . 
  you are making no sense in comparing the two . 
  we do n't have a two party system or a ` winner takes all ' system . 
  do n't worry , wilders wo n't get enough votes to hold the majority . 
  and other party 's do n't want to form a coalition with him . 
  nothing on the hand , 
  this . 
  which makes sense when you look at ww2 and what happened to the mainland compared to ireland . 
  a tiny part of it might be secularization , though im gussing for these numbers they did n't just look at ` believing ' jews , but also those of jewish descent/nationality . 
  i hope im explaining this well enough ... 
  most jews were either killed/deported or they fled ( before , during and after the war ) . 
  a lot of them to the us , but also to israel when the land there was given back to the jews . 
  yup, 
  yup, 
  that makes no sense . 
  i guess it 's not the netherlands second ... but the netherlands first !, 
  i love this trend started by lubach . 
  keeps cracking me up . 
  ohh melissa mccarthy as spicer was amaaazing !, 
  quick !, 
  grab the coins before the tigers come !, 
  it 's not just a swedish show . 
  many countries record the same show there , 
  arjen lubach lee towers 2020 !, 
  see here in europe it 's the american cars that are more expensive . 
  mostly cause they 're not as fuel efficient . 
  ( not all though ), 
  high fives this guy, 
  no no no no ... 
  the problem is ... his words have concequences too . 
  he can mess up international ties waaay too easily with just his big mouth and twitter . 
  the us does n't wan na protect you . 
  clearly trump does n't care if russia invades places now . 
  / u/shaygoes2work this is the truth !, 
  lol, 
  ive visited  pretty cool country !, 
  but most touristy dutchies tend to stay within the eu, 
  bwhahaha so funny !, 
  especially the sinterklaas references in spain . 
  pretty accurate , 
  haha well there are still many christians here . 
  i am one of them  though im definitely pro vaccinations, 
  ligt utrecht nou in de ` scared of vaccinations ' zone ? 
  maar bible belt , i get it . 
  well this is not accurate ... !, 
  agreed, 
  true . 
  my grandparents sure were . 
  not much of a joke when half of europe was murdered by the nazi 's . 
  it is very offensive . 
  it would be like joking about 9/11 to one of the victim 's children . 
  serves him right . 
  yeah cause in a fixed match the ref gives a penalty to the opposing team ? 
  what a great match !, 
  and not just because ` we ' won , but because there was never a dull moment . 
  lots of goals , great crowd , the fact that it was anyone 's game for quite a while . 
  well done both teams !, 
  woah spain , that took a turn ... !, 
  that 's like saying ` oh * i * dont know anyone who died of aids , so it 's really not a big deal ' . 
  just because * you * do n't know anyone does n't mean everyone is fine .
