  i 'm glad that we live in a country where we can decide for ourselves rather than being forced to wear a helmet . 
  glad yours saved you though !, 
  helmets wo n't prevent most of those fatalities unfortunately . 
  and thankfully we still have less fatalities without helmets than most countries with helmets ( proportionately speaking , as we have a lot more cyclists than most countries with helmets ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , people are free to wear helmets . 
  a lot of speed bikers and mountain bikers do . 
  i personally do n't want or need one . 
  he means you can remain seated and touch the ground with ur feet rather than lean over onto a pole or to the side when your seat is higher up . 
  both after you used ur brakes . 
  in holland your level of ` high school ' education is based on a test you take at the end of ` basis school ' . 
  from what i remember , it 's not something you can really study for . 
  in the nl we have very safe bike paths . 
  plus , when there is no bike path and you 're on the road ... cars anticipate bikes being there . 
  it 's perfectly safe . 
  much more so than in some other countries where bike paths are not available or cars are not used to lots of bikes . 
  we 're dutch . 
  we do n't do helmets when biking . 
  cucumber time man . 
  cucumber time . 
  the dutch wikipedia actually tells quite a different story . 
  also check out the book by russel shorto , ` island at the center of the world ' . 
  it 's all good , we 'll speak your language , 
  thanks man for bringing up that fun family memory . 
  ( my family is from rotterdam and not everyone survived the bombing . ), 
  shh we like to keep that part of history hidden , 
  actually the british walked up and the dutch who were afraid of some of the indians felt it was best to trade the place for surinam and not deal with the indians . 
  it was n't the british we were afraid of . 
  well even if you 're not into the toys , you accidentally see piles of them in every touristy store in amsterdam . 
  so yeah ... 
  a trait we left behind in new york city too . 
  new yorkers are as straight to the point as us dutch . 
  so un-american . 
  i love it . 
  seriously ... what 's with the holes ?!? 
  oh yeah you guys were real helpful when mh17 was shot down and hundreds of westerners died in one split second . 
  stfu and just enjoy a fun post like this man . 
  is n't it the same in every major city though ? 
  amsterdam and london smell like pee too . 
  then move to freaking greenland . 
  there 's tourists in every major city . 
  get over it and do some travelling yourself :p, 
  this is like a ` murica thing but for france . 
  also , in holland there 's a saying : `` i 'd love fance except there 's french people there . '', 
  ;p i love u guys though . 
  well ... most of you . 
  i 'm sure romania is great and most romanians are too . 
  i think the reason why a lot of western europeans do n't like romanians is because we mostly encounter the ` bad guys ' from over there . 
  the ones who come here and cause trouble . 
  that 's just my two cents . 
  but i 'm sure if i were to visit romania i 'd love it . 
  yup . 
  i thought they were just really good friends haha . 
  the weird thing was a mole raising a duck in a wooden shoe . 
  my sister loved nils holgerson . 
  i haaated it !, 
  for the longest time i thought wicky the viking was a girl . 
  i remember he did some stuff at the land van ooit theme park . 
  i was very young so i barely remember it . 
  was that part of the musical ? 
  that ` actual map ' is way off too . 
  look at the netherlands . 
  well while i mostly agree with that , i do want to mention : they did n't cancel a lot of flights for no reason yesterday . 
  some even had to land at other airports ( brussels for instance ) . 
  that does imply danger . 
  why ? 
  yeah you 'll be totally fine . 
  there was another plane that had to try landing 3 times before they actually succeeded though . 
  and another plane that had run out of fuel and could only attempt landing once . 
  all ended up going well , but it 's never easy or run of the mill . 
  well even if that is the case , plans can change and develop . 
  it does n't necessarily mean it 's doomed to fail because they did n't get to stick to the initial plan . 
  is there enough incentive for foreign tourists to ask for a receipt though ? 
  is what i 'm wondering . 
  it 's all about how you interpret the research actually . 
  do n't tell me all these european politicians and economists are less smart than you are , 
  i guess im just a little more optimistic  and our economy has only suffered due to the big world wide crisis that started in the us . 
  but we 're doing fine when it comes to the euro . 
  having smaller monetary groups is an idea too . 
  but i 'm fine with sitting this thing out and giving the euro a chance . 
  in my opinion it 's not just about exchanging currencies when you travel . 
  more so about our international and intercomtinental position . 
  my country ( holland ) thrives on import and export and we fare well with the euro . 
  yes , we do spend more when poorer countries need to be bailed out , which sucks . 
  but in the long run i think we 'll profit more from the euro than we lose to helping others . 
  in my opinion greece is an exception , not the rule . 
  other poorer countries have done much better when it comes to sticking to the rules after a bail out . 
  and none of them were doing as bad as greece was . 
  in my opinion the euro zone needs to enforce strict rules and be very critical of what countries will be allowed ` in ' in the future . 
  but as long as all participants stick to the rules , there is no need to turn over socereignity to the eu . 
  sure , there are rules that come down from the eu , which we all agreed on ... but each country can decide for themselves how they go about achieving those rules/goals . 
  i think , at least for my country , it would not benefir us if we went back to our old currencies . 
  it would weaken our position in the global market . 
  but ... i do n't know what it 's like for other countries . 
  i see . 
  so when tourists ask for a receipt , they 're ` helping ' the government get their taxes . 
  am i understanding it right ? 
  i dont think when greece leaves it proves that the entire euro was a mistake . 
  greece is quite unique in its position , as it presented false figures and has not stuck to guidelines that came with the bailouts . 
  other ` poor ' countries have . 
  i am actually wondering the same thing .
