  slightly confused ... is the receipt to help the customer or to help the store pay tax ? 
  well i dont completely agree with that , while i understand where you 're coming from . 
  i am for the euro , but you are right when you say it is a tough process to ensure that the different economies are somewhat aligned in order to make it work . 
  as one of the ` richer ' countries , i dont like bailing out other countries ... because it feels like ` we ' are working harder to save someone elses ass . 
  but i do feel the benefits of the euro outweigh the negatives . 
  the problem with greece is that it should have never been let into the euro , because its economy was incredibly bad compared to the rest of europe . 
  they only met the standards very briefly and it is likely that those figures were n't the actual figures . 
  i think the euro zone should enforce very , very strict rules . 
  but i do want to keep the euro . 
  my country is better off i feel , with the euro compared to the guilder we had . 
  yes i was confused by that too . 
  it 's not a victory either way . 
  they 're facing a hard time either way . 
  wow , completely different time and situation . 
  you ca n't even begin to compare the two . 
  while i ( had i been a greek ) would have voted yes too , i am curious : do you think it would have made a difference ? 
  the offer was already off the table . 
  and talks are now continuing regardless . 
  hoping for the best for the greeks !, 
  i very much agree with you . 
  good explanation . 
  highly unlikely, 
  i hope greece and you will turn out to be fine . 
  but the scenario you paint about other countries following after greece because they are weak is not likely . 
  remember portugal , spain and i believe even ireland and italy were in a similar boat a few years back . 
  but the countries that got bailed out managed to stick to the rules the eu set and improved their economies . 
  sure , greece 's situation is worse , because your economy was crap to begin with and politicians lied about it for years . 
  the eu is somewhat to blame here too , as they should have been aware of this before allowing greece into the euro ... 
  but all this to say : it is not likely that other countries will exit the euro . 
  if they stick to the bailout rules , they can recover . 
  sure , it 's super hard on a country and never fun to make big budget cuts ... and i see how greece is in a tough spot now , picking between two bad options ... 
  but you have to remember it 's your own government who got you here . 
  just to reply to the ` lazy ' part : i dont think greeks are lazy , but i understand where many people come from when they say that . 
  over here ( holland ) you have to work until you 're 65 and they are slowly moving that up to 67 in order to save the government money on benefits that they have to pay the elderly . 
  in greece you can get your benefits at the age of 60 ( women ) and 65 ( men ) . 
  it used to be even lower . 
  and the reality is that the average age most greeks stop working is 60 . 
  sure ... you might argue that in places like france they are better off ... but this is just to explain where these ` lazy ' remarks come from . 
  also , you have to remember that the only greeks we mostly see on tv in the rest of europe are your politicians , which have come across as lazy in the past few years due to not dealing with the increasing deficit . 
  it 's the other way around too though . 
  some anti-greece views get downvoted just for being anti-greece . 
  i for one feel like greece has had it 's chances . 
  many of them . 
  and failed to stick to agreements one too many times . 
  i get why merkel and a lot of other politicians feel that way too . 
  i 'm not ignorant , i understand the situation ( ps : great video explanation by john green posted to youtube yesterday ) but i feel like i constantly need to explain the situation before people allow me to have this opinion . 
  i should n't have to prove that i understand the situation before posting ' i am for a grexit , only because it 's the best of the two sucky options there are ' . 
  i love greeks , your country is amazing , but your government has been shit for years and that is why you are where you are . 
  because of lies about your financial situation ( and the government hiding it again and again ) . 
  [ video explanation starts at 0:10 ] ( http://youtu.be/tigaryz-1y4 ), 
  ok so you feel that greece should reap the benefits of being in the eu and the euro ... but when the eu asks for responsibility you suddenly dislike the eu ? 
  make up your mind about whether you want to be in the eu ( all in , accepting certain rules , like all countries do ... even if it sucks sometimes ) or not be part of the eu/euro ( be free to do whatever you like , but also deal with the consequences . ), 
  regardless the greeks are gon na be dissapointed . 
  if they reach a deal with europe , it 's not gon na be all rainbows and happiness . 
  and if they do n't reach a deal , it 's gon na worsen their financial situation . 
  i feel like many greeks do n't realize that making a stand against the eu means worse results for their country in the long run . 
  greece should never have been let into the euro in the first place . 
  they only met the criteria to enter very briefly and even those figures were possibly forged . 
  now we see what that leads to . 
  i 'm hoping they will exit the euro ( not the eu ) so that the rest of europe does n't have to pay more taxes to save a country that 's unwilling to help itself by putting more financial strain on its own people . 
  sure , that 's not fun ... but it 's not fair to make the rest of europe pay for your mess either . 
  then why does the article mention it ? 
  yeah some thermometers can be slightly off , especially when they are situated in the bright sun or on a hot surface . 
  mine has said 38 when it was about 33 . 
  if 40 happened , it would be big news because the old record from the 1940 's would finally be broken . 
  sorry dude , 
  i think your themometer might have been a little bit off . 
  the temperature record in the netherlands is still 38.6 degrees . 
  but i 'm sure it felt a lot warmer in the sun !, 
  6 out of 10 . 
  not bad seeing as questions like ` when did greece win the european cup ' are n't that important :p you are a lot more rich than i thought though !, 
  well the same goes for heat . 
  35 here feels much hotter than in the southern countries . 
  my house is an oven . 
  i can testify to that too . 
  i 've been in a freaking desert during a heatwave in israel . 
  much more doable than 34 in holland !, 
  just like you southerners are when you get ` winter ' weather , 
  brick and concrete get hot and keep emitting heat for a long time . 
   civilized country like germany or holland ? 
  nothing . 
  nobody would understand . 
  every payment is done through credit cards or online . 
  nope . 
  not true . 
  sure , a lot is done online . 
  but hardly anyone owns a credit card here . 
  and plenty of old people still go to the bank and need assistsnce withdrawing cash . 
  i see it all the time . 
  wow i ca n't believe the nearest polling station is so far away from him !, 
  wow !, 
  i 've been in the desert where it was incredibly hot too , not sure how hot ... but after about 35 it al starts to feel the same to me . 
  aka : too hot !, 
  haha . 
  haha nice . 
  not surprised germany is warmer . 
  our coastline is way too long to get too hot . 
  oh ok . hopefully for greece the eu will be willing to negotiate with the new government then . 
  and hopefully the new guys will take the deal . 
  if not ... i would n't mind if greece left the euro .
