no but i have seen bathrooms in the jordanian desert and in the south african townships . 
  do n't one up me bro , 
  yeah i was once at an airport in the us where a family left to go to the bathroom and one of the kids was supposed to watch the luggage . 
  well the kid ran after the parents and the luggage was just sitting there . 
  within 5 minutes security came to ask me if it was my luggage and i told them about the family . 
  they took no risk and called for further instructions from the person in charge . 
  they were getting ready to take things to the next level when the family returned . 
  the security guys yelled at them for a good 10 minutes and the family in turn yelled at the kid that was supposed to watch it . 
  pretty crazy . 
  and your life !, 
  lol . 
  trauma much ? 
   they usually are more lax on them yeah but this was a thalys and they would n't be lax on there after the earlier incident with the terrorist . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  there 's quite a big chance he just did n't have a ticket . 
  let 's just wait for the story to come out . 
  haha really ? 
  that 's not funny but it still makes me laugh . 
  while he expresses the views of part of the dutch population and therefore is an asset in debates ... he does often take things overboard . 
  also , he keeps hammering that ` jewish-christian values ' are important in our country , but when the christian party leaders ask him to name those values ... it becomes evident he has no clue what he is talking about . 
  i like that he 's in the tweede kamer because he sheds light on the other side of things , helping the debate along ... but i would never vote for him because when it boils down to it he has no sense of reality . 
  nothing on the hand !, 
  he probably got a panic attack . 
  i would too if an anti terror squad was arresting me !, 
  even with paper , train bathrooms are horror !, 
  yeah that 's my guess too . 
  we 'll hear more later today i 'm sure . 
  yeah that 's the worst about being on high alert : all of the false alarms . 
  the same happens all the time when people leave their luggage unattended . 
  there will be a bomb squad on the scene in no time . 
  but hey ... if out of the 10 scares we catch just one bad guy ... it 's worth it , right ? 
  just glad no one got hurt today . 
  update : they got the guy out and arrested him . 
  no one got hurt . 
  still no proof that he was a terrorist so far . 
  source : nos.nl, 
  i 'm a journalist myself and i 'm sad to say that 99 % of the time when someone is described as ` north african ' in the dutch media they are talking about a moroccan . 
  still , in this case it 's just a vague description by eye witnesses . 
  the source got updated . 
  check the nos.nl site . 
  actually ( while i am on your side of the debate , this does not mean anything and i agree that not all muslims are terrorists . . ) the news source says it is a man with looks to be of north africa or southern europen descent . 
  which is usually the polite way of saying he 's moroccan . 
  i do wonder if this is just some crazy dude who hopped on without a ticket and is now afraid to come out . 
  which has happened on regular trains i 've been on . 
  the guy comes by to check the tickets and ppl will sometimes lock themsleves in the bathroom to try to avoid him because they do n't have a ticket ... 
  but maybe this really is a terrorist . 
  let 's just hope no one gets hurt . 
  wow i 'm surprised i have n't heard anything about this in other news outlets over here today . 
  the dutch nos is usually pretty fast . 
  that is not at all what i am saying . 
  i 'm not against countries guarding their borders at all . 
  if you ask me , everything should happen according to the rules : refugees should register in the eu country they arrive at , and await the approval of their status and placement . 
  but once they receive permission to stay in the eu , every eu country needs to be ready to obtain an x amount of refugees . 
  you ca n't just let a few countries carry that burden while others do n't deal with it at all . 
  that is not fair financially and in a humanitarian sense . 
  excuse me , but you 're not the only eu country exporting a lot . 
  holland has the largest harbor in europe and we export more fruit , vegetables and flowers than any other eu country . 
  i agree with your view on ee , but do n't act like you 're the only western country contributing to the eu . 
  i do n't remember all of them , i do know that holland is taking in about 7000 refugees in addition to the initial numbers we agreed on ... yeah sorry im no help : /, 
  sounds like a decent plan ( or threat . . ? ), 
  to me . 
  the eu as a whole needs to act according to the agreements that were made regarding refugees . 
  you ca n't have a few countries carrying the burden of all of the refugees while other countries go ` nah , you deal with it ' . 
  you 're in the eu for the benefit and to share the tough stuff . 
  you ca n't just reap the benefits and not deal with issues like this . 
  a lot of the refugees are not poor , but they are still sleeping on the streets . 
  they often spent a lot of their money on the boat trip . 
  and the ones that still have money get turned away by hotels in some countries . 
  ( greece for instance ) . 
  pfft . 
  he says the things that half of the world population thinks . 
  but his celebrity status just gives him an audience and a boost . 
  he 's no wiser than any of us . 
  edit : spelling, 
  except he sleeps in fine hotels and travels first class, 
  so you 'd also wear a helmet when going for a run ? 
  our country is designed for bikes . 
  bike paths in most places . 
  and whenever bikes are on the roads , cars are used to them and know how to give them space and know to look for them . 
  plus , we 're pretty acrobatic on our bikes . 
  we can take multiple kids and a week 's supply of groceries with us on one bike without breaking into sweat . 
  high school here starts in 7th grade . 
  but she apparently skipped one grade . 
  it 's fairly common . 
  hs starts at the equivalent of 7th grade here, 
  then the next sister in line will become queen ... so not much use . 
  this is reddit, 
  in the nl we do n't really do helmets when cycling . 
  we have smooth bike paths everywhere and traffic is used to lots of bikes on the roads too . 
  most high school kids bike quite a few miles to their school . 
  perfectly safe without helmets . 
  high schools start at 7th grade here, 
  maybe so, 
  i do n't know , to be fair . 
  but i doubt they 'll stick her in a class that 's too advanced for her . 
  she 'd be more likely to fail or not understand the teachers much . 
  but like i said , i do n't know . 
  there 's always a risk , sure . 
  just like walking out your door can lead to getting injured or killed . 
  it 's just up to everyone personally to decide if the risk is worth taking and if so , if you want to take certain precautions or not .
