  you must belong to the unhappy part of the population then ? 
  does this make us go up on the list ? 
  denmark knocked off of the first position !, 
  just finished the little book of hygge , written by a danish guy who works for the happiness institute . 
  it 's about the danish happiness . 
  worth a read if you 're in to cozy happy stuff . 
  what are these numbers based on ? 
  world fact book seems to be more accurate . 
  or did they only count one type of faith here ? 
  clearly you do n't understand the situation or the video . 
  the goal is not to make people feel more dutch , it 's to show them the truth about what 's going on in turkey . 
  via a very funny video . 
  dijsselbloem is very popular here actually, 
  it bothers me that theycombined cu and sgp . 
  fun , 
  i do , our healthcare system is amazing . 
  yeah everyone in the party follow 's the party 's stances and views . 
  there 's room for debate , but the parties determine their stances together early on . 
  and if a new topic presents itself there 's offen an internal ` debate ' before they present their view to the outside . 
  no offence , but almost all chocolate that does n't cost a fortune is gross in the us . 
  even m & m 's taste better in the netherlands . 
  we have to be !, 
  little space = no place for waste . 
  mostly ... 
  yes you can only vote for one person . 
  basically you pick the party you want to vote for and then from that list you pick a person . 
  most people will vote for the # 1 on the list , and all excess votes will basically ` trickle down ' that party 's list . 
  but if a certain person further down the list got more votes , then that person will get a seat over someone else . 
  sorry i dont know how to better explain it ... !, 
  and then basically the biggest party has to form a coalition with other parties so that they can form a majority . 
  so right now vvd is predicted to get 31 seats , but they need 76 for a majority . 
  so they 'll have to talk to other parties to get to the majority . 
  nope, 
  who should be in our national government and who should be prime minister basically, 
  you first pick a party you agree with , and then you pick a person from that party . 
  though most people vote for the # 1 on the list . 
  all ` excess ' votes automatically go to the next person on that party 's list and so on . 
  true story . 
  but thankfully my world is a little bigger , 
  im a world traveler , 
  haha touche, 
  yes, 
  why is it ridiculous ? 
  i do n't think you understand how this works, 
  yup, 
  why ? 
  lol yes it is !, 
  this is democracy and not as complicated as it seems, 
  chipotle in london ? 
  * books flight *, 
  true !, 
  ive had wisconsin gouda ... it 's nothing like gouda . 
  but i get ur point , 
  pennsylvania dutch are actually a bad translation of pennsylvanian deutsch , which means german  it 's ok though ... you ca n't speak all the languages . 
  this should become a trending topic somehow . 
  here being the us ? 
  yup !, 
  done that several times  amazing country . 
  yes omg the chocolate !, 
  it 's basically wax !, 
  but they do have amazing treats like pop tarts , mexican food ( ok technically not american but close enough ) , goldfish and lucky charms . 
  i dont think we 've ever had those here !, 
  you are probably right . 
  but i 'm a cheese snob from gouda country . 
  actual gouda . 
  not the wisconsin crap . 
  good question !, 
  pff . 
  fake !, 
  o wait ... i 'm starting to sound like that orange guy . . !, 
  im of the age where i remember electronic voting . 
  it was so much less fun . 
  exactly !, 
  more like plastic . 
  no offence america , i love you . 
  but ur cheese is not cheese . 
  i know right ? 
  i was having pre-gps road trip flashbacks, 
  / u/shaygoes2work, 
  it is really . 
  the majority is against him so he wo n't rule , 
  pvv probably . 
  even if he wins , he 's never gon na be able to form a coalition . 
  so i 'm not worried about him at all . 
  no telling . 
  usually the final results are in close to midnight , as polls are open til 9 , but we are voting by paper ballot ( not computers ) so they have to be hand counted . 
  and some parties are expected to be close calls , so they might have to do some recounting here and there . 
  so my expectation is between 11pm and 2am ... but who knows !, 
  kudos to op for the info !, 
  i just went to vote . 
  quick , easy , done !, 
  you never know if they finish the 4 years ... !, 
  will go out and vote in a few hours during lunch break . 
  i am actually looking forward to it !, 
  lol cda if you are religious trust me , a lot of christians vote for cu and sgp instead . 
  talk about solid parties . 
  yup . 
  they use hundreds of fake media accounts for all sorts of crap . 
  we still love u, 
  attention seeking ?
