  ( not the eu , just the euro ) they 've been dragging our value down quite a bit . 
  for holland they changed the forecast from 41 to 37 for tomorrow . 
  kind of happy about that !, 
  even though it would have been cool to break our all time heat record of 38.6 degrees . 
  glad you 're back . 
  i was not subbed and thus locked out of here . 
  yeah i honestly do n't understand the ` no ' voters . 
  they might feel like they 're making a stand , but they are just making things worse for themselves . 
  also ... a yes vote should also mean new elections in greece , right ? 
  since it means the majority of the ppl disagree with their government . 
  what if more ppl vote ` yes ' ? 
  the offer is off the table , right ? 
  what does greece think will happen if the result is ` yes ' ? 
  and whay if the result is ` no ' ? 
  im seriously curious . 
  nice username . 
  are u dutch ? 
  that does jack in keeping you cool . 
  i 've actually been on double deckers where the windows dont open and the ac didnt work . 
  it was insane, 
  yes !!!!, 
  big ass thunder storm and lots of rain  i 'll be able to sleep tonight !, 
  especially when it 's those double deckers with windows that wo n't open, 
  my husband said the same thing . 
  one of the trains he was on broke down and another did n't run . 
  yay ns . 
  you 're doing it right !, 
  dude , no need to get technical . 
  you knew what i meant . 
  i know what i 'm talking about . 
  most ppl know our country as holland , despite the fact that it 's not the official name . 
  so i 'm not gon na make it more complicated . 
  do n't tell me you cheer ` hup the netherlands hup ' at world cup matches . 
  and it 's spelled ` refers ' . 
  after i visited florida i stopped complaining about humidity in northern europe . 
  this is nothing !, 
  limburg is a province in holland aka the netherlands . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  there 's either ac or a cool sea to dip into . 
  i know places like the gulf of mexico have a warm sea ... but they have ac . 
  see ... not normal !, 
  yeah it does . 
  over here i can tell the difference when i leave my city and get into the countryside . 
  but it 's just surprising to me that it shows up on a map like that . 
  whereas my entire country is just red ( holland ) . 
  maybe cause everything is closer together . 
  what about other big cities though ? 
  ha * shakes your hand * yay for complainers !, 
  lucky you being used to those temps . 
  crazy how the london area is dark red and the rest of the uk isnt, 
  those countries have ac or an ocean nearby, 
  us dutchies do love to complain . 
  especially about the weather !, 
  shut up !, 
  just ... shut up !, 
  smart !, 
  hottest night ever recorded in holland too . 
  you lucky , lucky bastard !, 
  ouch !, 
  yeah but in those places you often have ac or an ocean nearby . 
  currently 33 here . 
  apparently it 'll be 37 on saturday . 
  call me crazy but i want the cold weather back :p i 'm sick , so ca n't do anything fun to cool off like go to the beach or pool . 
  but other countries have been in similar situations before , right ? 
  but they were willing to work with the other euro zone countries to fix it . 
  in my eyes ( but i could be wrong ) greece has been given money on the condition that they stick to certain rules ... then they ( willingly ) failed to stick to those rules because they do n't want to put more financial strain on their people . 
  which i understand ... but what 's happening now is that the strain is being put on the rest of the euro zone . 
  for instance ... they do n't make their taxes higher or take financial benefits away from their people ... so now we are having to do that in our euro zone countries to make up for their unwillingness . 
  right ? 
  thr money 's got ta come from somewhere . 
  so in my eyes ... the euro zone is being very responsible by telling greece : take it or leave it now . 
  but switzerland is n't a part of the euro zone though . 
  i 'd assume they are fairly ` safe ' either way , right ? 
  i 'm mainly curious about the impact it might have on other euro countries . 
  here 's what i 'm wondering : what does this mean for the rest of the euro countries ? 
  is it likely to cause a fall or rise in the value of the euro if greece goes bankrupt ? 
  and is it likely that greece will be kicked out ( or voluntarily leave ) the euro ? 
  i 'm seriously interested and have a hard time finding solid answers . 
  probably because it could still go either way , right ? 
  unlikely . 
  the worst that could happen is you run out of cash and ca n't get any more from the atm 's . 
  well they didnt want to ask us citizens what we thought . 
  it was a citizen initiative that got enough people to sign its petition . 
  so the government had no choice but to hold the referendum . 
  the initiative was with a small group of citizens though, 
  athens is a big city though . 
  venture out to smaller towns and things might be very different . 
  what does going to church have to do with anything ?!, 
  i go to church and am in no way ` backwards ' and am fluent in english . 
  in places like hilversum and amsterdam there are even ( dutch ) churches that hold english services for visitors and expats . 
  most modern churches around the country ( including the east ) even sing english songs in church . 
  it does seems like germans and french in particular have a harder time with their accents . 
  no offence . 
  just my experience when traveling . 
  you 'll meet people with great vocab ... just pretty thick accents . 
  i went to portugal a few years ago and ran into sooo many ( mainly older ) people who did not speak english . 
  this was a big problem when i needed some medication from the pharmacy . 
  and this was in a very touristy place in the algarve . 
  yeah this is a common reaction when europeans travel to north america . 
  i 've had people start to speak slower and louder to me when we initially met ... and then they realized that was not needed .
