  there was a graphic a few months ago that said ` we ' were at 95 % ... wonder what happened . 
  i remember a graphic that was posted a couple of months ago that had a much lower percentage for norway and a higher percentage for holland ... these look more like guesstimates to me . 
  this always strikes me as odd coming from ` americans ' . 
  because you 're living in a country that 's not historically yours . 
  so why deny others the same right ? 
  well better a false alarm and no casualties than for them to not take precautions and there being an attack ... then we 'd all be yelling `` why did n't you take the threat seriously '' at the politicians and cops . 
  true . 
  i was simply responding to the ` there are threats in all of europe ' statement . 
  i tried to point out that things are apparently a little more serious or specific in munich compared to ... say ... amsterdam or london . 
  [ english source ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/munich-terror-attack-warning-cops-7100813 ), 
  railwaystations have been evacuated in munich . 
  that 's not happening in every other european city right now . 
  seems like there was a general threat to other european places , but more specific in munich right now . 
  either my fellow dutchmen are very honest compared to the rest of europe or we are one gross nation !, 
  5 policemen were injured , but not killed . 
  same on dutch tv, 
  the dutch nos ( national news ) reporter just was told to leave live on air . 
  the police were very strict ( and probably rightly so ) . 
  they say the threat is now not just to the soccer stadium , but to the entire city of hannover . 
  [ another dutch source ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2069589-belgie-spanje-afgelast-vanwege-verhoogd-dreigingsniveau.html ) that also links to [ this belgian dutch source ] ( http://m.standaard.be/cnt/dmf20151117_01974576 ) that states salah abdeslam was last spotted near the football stadium . 
  has that been confirmed anywhere else ? 
  it seems like a really big deal that is only sort of thrown into the article as a small side note . 
  [ video van het fragment ] ( http://youtu.be/l0u3epg2mu8 ), 
  the dutch prime minister also used those words this weekend . 
  a lot of people were surprised by it . 
  exactly . 
  this is slightly off topic ... but what bothers me the most is that cnn america takes over and replaces cnn international whenever something big happens . 
  the news is dumbed down so much , there 's an increase in speculation and there are even unconfirmed ` facts ' that they just throw out there . 
  i wish they would just keep airing cnn international here with the european reporters who understand the situation so much better . 
  true . 
  but i was mainly wondering about these recent attacks and why men from belgium would go to france rather than their nearby city of brussels . 
  true . 
  but i was mainly wondering about these recent attacks and why men from belgium would go to france rather than their nearby city of brussels . 
  ah that does n't sound good . 
  thanks for elaborating . 
  what they are doing here ( netherlands ) in poorer areas with lots of migrants is get ` neighborhood coaches ' out there . 
  people who keep an eye out , befriend local youth , encourage them to stay in school and play sports , etc. 
  it seems to have a positive effect on the communities . 
  but unfortunately a lot of radicalizing happens in mosques ( not all mosques ! ), 
  and the government seems to know very little about what goes on there . 
  and internet plays a big part too . 
  hope things change in molenbeek !, 
  and i hope all of our governments stand up to people who went to syria to fight with isis . 
  they should take their european passports away . 
  but the nl is bombing isis too if im not mistaken . 
  but france is more involved , so that might be it . 
  i see . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  you do have to wonder about other places too though ... 
  in holland there are a lot of radicalized guys returning from syria . 
  granted , not as many as in france ... but still . 
  and holland is also participating in the bombing of isis . 
  but i do pray and hope that an attack here never happens . 
  i agree with you , though the popular opinion seems to be that the refugees pose a threat because a very small minority might be radical muslims . 
  i think some people feel justified to send home families and children and other ` safe ' people which make up 99 % of the refugees in order to protect europe against the unsafe possible 1 % . 
  which i understand to a certain degree . 
  especially when you hear stories of current radicalized muslims in europe approaching these refugees to try and get them to come to their mosques and gatherings . 
  i guess there might also be a fear that these refugees are the ` future ' version of the muslim migrants that we already have here and that cause trouble . 
  i guess it is just hard to be kind and welcoming to harmless people , when there is a fear that there are bad guys among them . 
  regardless of how we feel about the refugees though ... we must not lose sight of those who have european passports but who are returning from syria or even just sympathise with is . 
  molenbeek seems to be a bit of a hot bed for radicalized young men . 
  any redditors near there who can say more on this topic ? 
  i am also wondering : why france ? 
  why not brussels or amsterdam ? 
  why did they choose paris ? 
  is it because of their strong involvement in fighting is ? 
  i guess we 'll never know for sure , but i 'm just trying to figure this out . 
  i disagree . 
  journalists ask him for his opinion , this is what he says . 
  and what he says makes sense . 
  what else should he have said ? 
  i also think he is doing a great job of speaking to the muslim community in his city about this . 
  and he is in a unique position to do so ( he is their ` brother ' because he is a muslim , they speak the same language , they accept it from him ) . 
  sure ... this does n't fix the is problem , but still ... he 's having a positive impact . 
  great to hear . 
  i loved it though !, 
  even with the bad roads and language barrier . 
  i really enjoyed kolonat as well as the more traditional food . 
  and we had a picnic with locals up on a mountain in between olive trees , which is an amazing memory . 
  the albanians always treated us well , even though they stared at me a lot because i 'm a very pale and blond girl . 
  2006 i believe, 
  it is great . 
  it helps to have a local guide on the first day ( s ) though . 
  stuff like public bus services do n't quite work like they do in other countries and most people do n't speak english . 
  but you can get a long way by pointig and gesturing . 
  wow a properly paved road in tirana ?!, 
  it has come a long way since i visited . 
  lovely place by the way !, 
  french and dutch media are reporting at least one terrorist got away . 
  [ dutch article ] ( http://nos.nl/artikel/2069202-franse-media-zeker-een-terrorist-ontkomen.html ), 
  in a lot of places this is happening . 
  in the netherlands at least leaders of muslim organizations ( as well as just random muslim citizens ) spoke out against these terrorists . 
  emphasizing that this is not islam , but rather just some insane people . 
  i also saw an iranian leader on tv expressing his solidarity with france . 
  and in lebanon many people brought flowers to the french embassy . 
  i guess in the western media we just do n't really air these things ... 
  i am actually wondering the same thing . 
  i mean ... for tourists it 's normal to have your passport on you in a foreign place ... but why would these terrorists have them on their person ? 
  did they want to be id ` ed after death ? 
  or are they fakes and thus trying to mislead investigators ?
