right , but vulnerable minority groups needs positive representation , we need liberation . 
  sikh 's make up less than 1 % of the uk population , but they still deserve positive representation and validation , same for all minority groups . 
  we do n't even get taught sex education , then we 're turned away for blood and organ donation because we 're disproportionately likely to contract hiv . 
  where the fuck is the logic in that ? 
  i 'm not a teenager , but that 's the time in our lives when it hits hardest . 
  what ? 
  coming out is a huge deal . 
  socially and personally it 's a huge thing . 
  straight people do n't get it , they do n't see how absolutely everything in society , media , and culture just screams `` straight '' , and how much that impacts us . 
  how almost every straight person will use casual homophobia , and then not realise how much calling bad things `` gay '' can fuck with a teenagers perception of themselves and the world around them . 
  it 's a huge personal ordeal , and it still drives many of us to suicide . 
  we 're disproportionately likely to commit suicide , be homeless , suffer from depression , etc etc. 
  to add insult to injury we spend our whole lives coming out , every knew person , new workplace , new neighbourhood means plucking up the courage to come out , always unsure of the reaction and consequences . 
  my boyfriend was forced into joining the army when he told his parents , and his father beat him because of it . 
  i lost the vast majority of my friends and almost all of my family when my older brother outed me . 
  and this is in the uk . 
  jesus fucking christ does it rock my boat when straights explain to me how we 're living in gay fucking utopia . 
  no , he meant the north east . 
  can you not see county durham and northumberland on the map ? 
  i had it thrown at me , and shouted at me , too many times to let it bother me . 
  it was easier for me to reclaim it than let others hurt me with it . 
  since when do bigots give reasons ? 
  he thinks being gay is disgusting and wrong , lots of people do . 
  i call myself queer because i am . 
  it 's a catch all term , and it gets rid of the alphabet soup that the acronym has turned into . 
  i 'm gay , but i 've got some gender stuff too ( i 'm not trans , not at all , my gender expression is just ... 
  odd . 
  sometimes i feel totally butch and masculine , other times i feel really effeminate and girly ) . 
  because he 's a homophobe ? 
  i do n't know , i ca n't ask him , he pretends i do n't exist . 
  queer is the word of choice in most lgbt circles . 
  silly internet attempts like gsm are never going to be all inclusive or catch on , we 've been calling ourselves queer since the 50s . 
  the difference is its a positive term when we use it , when straights use it they 're usually spitting it at us with as much vitriol as they can muster . 
  i do n't mean to be upfront , but are you queer ? 
  i only ask because i 've experienced very little religious based homophobia , and a whole lot of non-religious homophobia . 
  my older brother ( who outed me ) is militantly atheist . 
  homophobia is rooted in culture , not religion . 
  yes , i 'm not thick , but the only people using the term are the sun and 12 year olds who vote bnp in.their.schools mock.elections . 
  lol ` nanny state ' , what are you , 12 ? 
  uh , that 's not the people doing it - ignorant racist right wingers are . 
  only people not on the receiving end of hate crimes and hate speech complain about how unnecessary and `` pc '' our anti-hate laws are . 
  i 'd hardly say mary i. i mean , she was a terrible person and atrocious even among monarchs , but her bloody reign was in direct response to the decades and decades of mass catholic persecution that preceded her . 
  well then , on behalf of northern england , wales , and scotland , we nominate thatcher . 
  you know you 're supposed to mention that subreddit right ? 
  you can be banned for it , they forbid linking to it . 
  this is how we identify the centrists ; the left is anti-eu , and the right is anti-eu ( for entirely different reasons ) , so the pro-eu here are the politically undecided . 
   `` battle of bosworth field '' how could you include this but not agincourt ?!?!, 
  agincourt is the most celebrated battle in british history !, 
  `` bill nye '' is also advised . 
  if you browse / r/pics , you 're gon na wan na add things like `` halloween '' , `` presents '' `` grandfather '' `` grandmother '' to save your sanity . 
  i might start adding special ones for til so i do n't have to see the weekly tils . 
  the.differences are historical and cultural , and none of it was reflected in parliamentary terms until 1997 . 
  england is n't even culturally united . 
  there are northern england separatists , and there are cornish separatists . 
  they speak a different language in wales , and parts of northern ireland and scotland . 
  it 's very different to merely separate states . 
  think about what you 've just read , and what you 've just written . 
  the union . 
  what is the united kingdom ? 
  it 's a union of countries . 
  scotland is one . 
  another is england . 
  can you name the other two ? 
  yes you were - if you studied the tudors , then you also did the stuarts . 
  and if you did the stuarts , you definitely did learn this . 
  yes you were - if you studied the tudors , then you also did the stuarts . 
  and if you did the stuarts , you definitely did learn this . 
  it 's taught in our schools , but they should start by showing cgp grey 's video . 
  and if someone claims otherwise , they probably just do n't remember - tudor england , then stuarts . 
  if you had n't already learnt it by the time you studied the stuarts , then you learnt it studying the charleses and jameses . 
  grrr semantics . 
  really ? 
  that 's your response ? 
  i blew your comment to pieces , and you decide to pick one single line and say `` yeah that 's me point '' . 
  you 're wrong . 
  you 've never been more wrong in your life . 
  if you tried to be more wrong right now - you could n't . 
  you obviously are n't aware of uk history if you do n't even know that scotland is a country under union with england . 
  the key word there being `` under '' . 
  the uk parliament = the king/queen . 
  if scotland had their own parliament of the same calibre , then that would equate to them having their own monarch , because parliament exists as the continuation of the monarch . 
  so obviously they do n't have one , as if they did then they would n't be under a union . 
   if scotland is a country , why are n't wales and ni ? 
  did you not do history in school ? 
  i 'm sorry but come on !, 
  americans not knowing the differences - fine , they 're an ocean away . 
  but another british person not knowing ? 
  scotland is a country in political union with england . 
  it was the kingdom of scotland - then came into personal union with england through king james ( i and vi ) , and was later brought into political union through the act of union 1707 . 
   one definition for country ( source : oxford dictionaries ) is ' a nation with its own government , occupying a particular territory ' - whilst scotland has a devolved parliament , it comes under the jurisdiction of a government which is not ` its own ' - the uk parliament . 
  by this definition is not a country how is any of the relevant ? 
  at all ? 
  let 's arbitrarily pick another common dictionary definition : coun \u00b7 try [ kuhn-tree ] noun , plural coun \u00b7 tries . 
  1 . a state or nation 2 . the territory of a nation . 
  scotland is both a nation and a state . 
  that still means nothing , it 's just a dictionary definition . 
  i 'm posting it here to show you how little it means . 
  stop acting like this is some disputed matter , like it 's an opinion . 
  it is n't . 
  i 'm talking 100 % solid fact .
