  watch the video i linked earlier for sources . 
   if one were to say ` i 'm going to another country ' , you would n't think them to mean that they 're going to scotland from england , more likely somewhere like france - the definition of ` foreign ' is ` in/from/of a country other that one 's own ' , but an englishman would n't call something from scotland ` foreign ' - not without sounding a bit strange anyway you 've got to be kidding me ? 
  this is worse than anecdotal evidence . 
  let me try : my mum always says `` let 's go to another country on holiday , like scotland - because it 's very foreign '' . 
  wow , that was easy . 
  tl ; dr scotland is a country , and has been for centuries , with it 's own independent legal and judicial system , but it is currently under union with england . 
  it is not an independent country , because it was brought into union via the ascension of king james to both thrones , then into political union via the act of union . 
  wales was not a separate country in it 's own right - it was not an independent kingdom in the way scotland was , and it was conquered into the english crown . 
  scotland was not . 
  i repeat - it was brought into union through legitimate procedures that maintained it as a separate country , but sharing the same crown . 
  imagine westminster as the shared king . 
  even when scotland did not have it 's own parliament , all laws continued to assert scotland being a country . 
  all official legal bodies in the entire world consider scotland to be a country . 
  this does not mean it is a sovereign state - it is n't . 
  but it 's still a country - in union with england . 
  it 's a country . 
  that is just fact , it 's got nothing to do with semantics . 
  scotland is very different to wales or ni ; it 's a country just like england , and just like france and the us . 
  no , it 's a different country . 
  [ as always , here 's cgp grey to explain it to non-brits . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnu8xdbsn10 ), 
  but you 're a different country , so you have your own north and south . 
  it 's not like he had a choice . 
  after franco 's death , there was nobody who could have kept up the regime , the resistance to it was too strong . 
  jaun carlos was n't some hero like many people ( probably mostly outside of spain ) seem to think . 
  no it does n't - westminster is the english parliament - the other countries needed devolution exactly because westminster represented english interests first and foremost . 
  no2eu is different from the other anti-eu parties . 
  all the others are right wing , and want to leave for nationalist , xenophobic , and/or racist reasons . 
  no2eu is the trade unionist and socialist coalition 's eu election name . 
  they want to leave because the eu enforces privatisation and marketisation . 
  it is against eu constitutional laws to implement worker 's control of banks/transport/food etc. 
  so , anyone calling themselves left wing has to oppose the eu on those grounds . 
  we do n't want and english parliament . 
  they asked the north east , and we said `` fuck you , we want fuck all to do with the rest of england '' and killed any notion of an english parliament . 
  and nothing is going to change that . 
  it has to be every region pro , or it ca n't happen . 
  and we 're never , ever , voting yes . 
  when the fuck did i say ukip ? 
  this thread about the fascists in ukraine . 
  svoboda are literally killing people , and beating many many more . 
  they are in government . 
  if they are allowed to capitalise on their position it will be fucking horrible . 
  and there 'll be calls to intervene , and it will be too late for the ukrainians who died fighting them , too late for the families of their victims . 
  we have seen this before over and over and over . 
  `` your kind '' could have easily have meant gay people , of which i am one but it did n't . 
  end of . 
  you ca n't just replace it `` fascist '' with anything you want , smartarse . 
  jewish people do n't all sign up to an ideology of dictatorship , despotism , oppression and murder . 
  stop it with shitty nonsensical comparison attempts that do n't make sense . 
  no , we do n't have to tolerate them . 
  i 'm gay , and left wing - i 'd be publicly hung by every fascist group in the world given the chance . 
  i am not tolerating that . 
  all politics are not equal , that 's liberal bullshit and exactly what i was talking about - acting like it 's just another ideology . 
  it is n't . 
  and you 'll sit there at home defending them even when they 're on the fucking streets rounding people like me up after they take power . 
  you think they give a fuck about free speech and tolerance ? 
  they do n't . 
  they murder people who do n't support them , especially those who speak out against them , act against them . 
  you 're living in some make believe land where we just have to all be nice to each other and it 'll be fine . 
  it wo n't be . 
  if we are n't vigilant , they gain momentum , and power , and then it 's too late . 
  stop playing the victim for no reason . 
  i was n't referencing you being jewish , you literally pulled that one out of a hat . 
  stop trying to play it as a card . 
  fascists are by default terrible . 
  german people by default are not . 
  that comparison falls utterly short of any sort of meaning or sense . 
  every fascist , every single one of them , is a direct threat to the lives of every single human being on the planet . 
  there is no comparison you can make - i 'm not establishing some general rule . 
  i specifically mean fascists . 
  they are a special kind of threat , and when they try to seize power , and they always do , we have to fight back and kill them . 
  how the fuck did you come up with `` jews '' ? 
  back right off if you 're going to call me an anti-semite based in absolutely fuck all . 
  especially pacifist liberals , but all liberals really . 
  kill the fascists , because we 've seen what happens when you do n't . 
  martin niemoller might have a few things to teach you . 
  what , cos only fascists kill ? 
  your kind were around in 1930 's germany , spain and italy . 
  good job you did . 
  kill all fascists . 
  there 's already us/eu/nato imperialism apologists , why not throw in some russian imperialism into the mix ? 
  more accurately - fascist coup attempt . 
  i 'm one of those `` educated young people '' in the uk , and you are having a laugh mate . 
  you seriously overestimate the willingness of young british people to learn the language of the place they move to . 
  they just find other english speakers instead . 
  wall st. plays a very different role . 
  it 's the city of london 's role in the eurodollar market that allows most any country to do with their dollars what they please . 
  it 's almost ironic that they 've also significantly strengthened the us dollar as the global reserve currency , considering the dollar replaced their own currency , gpb . 
  wall st and city of london together are the greatest components , but without the col there would be no globalised capitalism . 
  city of london is the centre of global transnational finance ; it is essentially the linchpin of global neo-liberal capitalism . 
  this county , or rather , our ruling class , are cut throat evil capitalists . 
  careful , you do n't wan na end up with predaliens . 
  again . 
  uh , if you 're in any way politically active , then nsa spying is a waaaaay bigger deal than a picture of your house . 
  way , way , way , waaaaay bigger . 
  as per usual , the only people fighting the rise of the far right are the socialists/communists/anarchists . 
  you all piss on us until it 's too fucking late . 
  i know someone from the show ... he went to my secondary school/sixth form . 
  he was a little twat at school , and a little twat now . 
  he is n't even a georide , he 's from fucking county durham .
