  that they 're crazy because they do n't just fall on one side or the other ? 
  yeah but the bbc calls predrinks `` prinking '' so what do you expect ? 
  racially motivated harassment . 
  so we should just be letting people go around racially harassing others on the streets ? 
  yeah no . 
  i think it 's the government 's responsibility to accurately portray the actions of the british empire . 
  i do n't think we should be whitewashing it , and making it out to be something really good , without mentioning the horrific atrocities committed by it . 
  except that attitude has literally never helped anyone . 
  it just creates hardened criminals with no attachment to society and no means of redemption . 
  surprise surprise north east england in the dirt . 
  that 's what happens when there 's an concerted political campaign for 30 tears to destroy a region 's economy because of its majority political leanings . 
  ... you 've marked county durham as `` yorkshire dales '' :( why does nobody know we exist ?? 
  we 're that massive chunk of space between yorkshire and northumberland . 
   softly forcing them to adapt to the local customs . 
  because western `` ex-pats '' are so well known for adopting local customs . 
  they totally do n't congregate in specific areas and rigidly enforce their home culture on that area . 
  you want to read a daily mail of the left ? 
  read awls solidarity, 
  they 're really not . 
  that 's a really shit comparison . 
  his username is `` britain_first '' , which if you did n't know is a neo-fascist descendent of the outright fascist national front . 
  the fuck ? 
  unidan meme - the whole jackdaw malarkey . 
  guess you do n't know much about solar panels ... 
  i used to sell solar panels , and when i say sell , i mean gave them away . 
  because there are a few ways you can get panels - buy them outright , and reap the free electricity and early money from selling to the grid , or take a special type of interest free loan that covers the cost of the panels and then the loan is repaid by the company getting the money from selling the electric to the grid for 10-15 ears after which get that money but you own the panels the whole time , and finally there is the free way where you do n't own the panels you instead rent your roof space to the company , so you get free electricity but the company pockets all the money from selling to the grid for about 25 years . 
  because you 're an arsehole racist and you absolutely know what a you just said was wrong so do n't act surprised . 
  no , at what fucking point did i say that ? 
  you 're re falling into the exact same false dichotomy . 
  ugh . . what ? 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  even a teenager doing as level political science knows what marxist consciousness is . 
  cgp grey has the major problem of not being very politically conscious , and i mean that in the marxist sense of the word in that he just describes things inside current socio-economic conditions without taking those conditions into account . 
  you 're doing a similar thing . 
  did you consider that this is an important part of global capitalism operates ? 
  it is n't a flawed system , this is how bourgeois democracy works , and implementing electoral reforms like some form of pr in no way addresses the issue because it 's in the exact same conditions . 
  and lesser evilism is working out so well for america , is n't it ? 
  people with this point of view miss the point completely and utterly , usually because you 're actually from a well off background . 
  when you 're from a poor family , like me , having tens of thousands of pounds of debt hanging over your head the second you graduate just completely shatters your confidence and any desire to get into any more debt . 
  people who are n't working poor do n't understand this . 
  you 've got to be fucking kidding me . 
  that 's absolute crap . 
  you 're spitting on the queer rights movement by saying that . 
  how about we do n't always idolise coppers in pride parades ? 
  all you ever see on reddit from pride is pics of cops being `` so cute and funny '' . 
  maybe worth remembering what the cops have usually done to us throughout history , maybe we should n't forget all of that . 
  maybe we should remember they are not out allies , and that cops still bash queer people and still turn a blind eye . 
  where are all the right wingers telling us about freeze peach now ? 
  no we 're not . 
  socialists , communists , and anarchists are anti-eu as we always have been . 
  but go on , continue to lap up your own bullshit . 
  send hot romanian guys too please and thanks, 
  well i 'm at the polar opposite end , north east , and here it 's french and german , then if you 're proper into languages it would be spanish , then russian . 
  you 're not in favour of a coup ? 
  i am . 
  i 'm in favour of a working class revolt and overthrow , but i 'll take an orchestrated vanguardist coup instead of a military coup . 
  it 's essentially a dictatorship , those things do n't get overthrown democratically . 
  liberals every time say `` oh no guys we 'll just vote the change we want '' and then literally no change happens and the dictatorship intensifies because liberals are busy convincing people not to resist . 
  and you wonder why people voted leave ? 
  its the same shit the eu pulled with greece . 
  do you think if i go into work tomorrow and attack someone i 'll just get fired ? 
  cos i 'm pretty confident the police and courts would be involved , and i would n't get a cushy new job paying even more money . 
  one thing stood out to me . 
  people are still listening to a man who physically assaults colleagues for no fucking reason and gets away with it . 
  no , it 's very clear what a fascist is . 
  as a gay person , i 'm not going to stand by whilst fascists literally fucking kill us again . 
  lol the fash deserve more than being beaten up in the streets mate . 
  some of us actually remember what organised fascists are capable of . 
  the two pillars of modern society . 
  communist detected actually . 
  errrr never said that though did i ? 
  white people obviously can be discriminated against , even institutionally , because a white gay man is , a white woman is , a disabled white person is , etc. 
  but are they the victims of institutional discrimination on the basis of them being white ? 
  absolutely not . 
  looks like you 're the one with a ridiculous world view if you think white people are discriminated against in the west for being white lol, 
  absolute bullshit . 
  and it 's not the same racist reaction . 
  in case you did n't realise , an all white traditional family is not being institutionally discrinated against the way , say , a gay couple adopting a child or a group of black people are . 
  northern ireland is not a part of the united kingdom !, 
  it 's literally part of ireland , always has been , until it was occupied by the uk . 
  northern ireland was created as an occupational colony by the british . 
  northern ireland is a part of the uk on exactly the same way that goa or brazil was a part of portugal . 
  that is n't my logic at all . 
  your statement is tantamount to saying portugal should have a say in the independence of brazil , and that portugal has right to occupy an entire brazilian state and not give it back . 
  oh well i guess if we get a group of people , move to france - let 's say calais , start aggressive colonial expansion there , and ban french as a language , take land and property from all the french people living there , erase french history and culture , drive as many french people out as possible then we 'll hold a referendum of the now majority english colony . 
  totally legit right ? 
  it is not their right to say . 
  hold a referendum of all irish citizens , then it 's fair . 
  is that even relevant though ? 
  those counties are irish . 
  they belong to the irish republic . 
  it does n't sound heroic at all . 
  it sounds exploitative and disgusting . 
  especially since , as a communist myself , we want as much automation and technological advancement in society as possible . 
  lol are you serious ? 
  that joke of an organisation ? 
  it 's the opposite of what you think though . 
  after the fall of the soviet union , the ex-warsaw pact countries were effectively taken over by the right wingers of their respective countries . 
  it is n't soviet big-c communism that caused this , it 's very obviously something that occurred post-1991 under the us and nato backed right wing governments . 
  you do n't think that 's actually abhorrent journalism ?
