  omg , another luberg fan !, 
  we seem to be few and far between !, 
  what a ridiculous argument . 
  if it was the there way around - comes out 51 % against independence and 49 % for you 'll be spouting `` a majority are against it !, 
  and yes that is extremely fucking racist . 
  you realise we are directly responsible for the mess in the first place , right ? 
  that our continual military and political excursions into the middle east have continually created bigger and bigger shitstorms , and that yet another will have the exact fucking same result yeah ? 
  the west trained and armed just about every militant islamist group in middle east , because anything to get one over on those dastardly socialists and communists !, 
  and ca n't risk democratically elected governments that might oppose western oil interests by , i do n't know , nationalising their oil industries ? 
  might just go ahead and overthrow them and install militant islamist oligarchies/dictators in their place . 
  then hey , let 's go ahead and just invade the place and destroy what remains of political discourse in the middle east by bombing the shit out of it and effectively handing over opposition to western imperialism to ( yet again ) militant islamists who can easily recruit anyone they fucking want now because when some foreigners come and bomb the shit out of your country you 're gon na wan na fight back and these blokes over here have the guns and training so people join them sharpish . 
  and hey , let 's assassinate the only man holding this organisation together - let 's kill him , then watch any kind of restraint or planning go down the shitter as the iraqi section breaks ranks and goes into full on butcher and murder mode , turning their western guns , western training , western funding , against not only the west - but the totally destabilised middle east that is just ripe for the pickings . 
  and then the west goes ahead and sends supplies and armaments to the free syrian army , and most of it ends up in the hands of isis . 
  and then turkey - a full faithful nato member - is straight up just supplying isis because they kill kurds . 
  fuck off will western imperial intervention help . 
  it has literally never helped . 
  would you care to provide supporting evidence of your claims here ? 
  you ca n't sit there and say `` this is what 32 million people think '' and use it as the crux of some jim crow style voting laws without evidence . 
  just lol you 're ridiculous . 
  you do understand that there 's organised groups within football with actual political positions and objectives , right ? 
  that the rampant racism is associated with mass fans and not the leftist football groups being highlighted in this album ? 
  because to me it sounds like you have n't actually hot a fucking clue tbh . 
   as soon as they enter illegally , they are suddenly discovered as human beings and the hospitality instinct kicks in . 
  you really never read/watch the news , do you ? 
  turkey has an army of conscripts . 
  not powerful by any means . 
  because kids do n't do that . 
  if you were actually gay and had actually experienced what it 's like to be a young gay person , you 'd know how much absolute shit your comment is filled with . 
  oh look , this shit again . 
  straight people can be ridiculous sometimes . 
  are you going to back up your statement ? 
  or continue with the baseless conjecture ? 
  why would you say `` do n't overestimate them '' ? 
  if rather overestimate fascists and be ready for them than not he ready , these are n't just another political group - they 're fascists for fucks sake . 
  fascists have to be fought at every level wherever and whenever they spring up . 
  liberals are way too fucking soft on fascism . 
  which removes any incentive for them to give a fuck about society . 
  why care about a society you have no say in ? 
  teachers work tons of unpaid : /, 
  you 've got such a bad grasp of anything political or economic it hurts . 
  why ? 
  if anyone says anything they can just stop and say `` we 're not really gay !, 
  it 's okay !, 
  it 's fine ! '', 
  unfortunately , genuine gay people ca n't do that . 
  they ca n't just stop . 
  yeah , i 'm a ken loach fan and a socialist , so land and freedom was great to watch . 
  the wind that shakes the barley is another great ken loach film . 
  the irony being that thousands of socialists , communists and anarchists from all over the world came to spain to fight against fascism . 
  jesus christ you 've got zero grip on economics . 
  you literally have no idea what 's going on in greece or how they got to that position . 
  you genuinely believe that shit merkel and the german media are coming out with , `` they lived beyond their means on the banks if eu citizens '' . 
  what a load of horse shit . 
  anyone with even a remote understanding of the situation knows that is absolutely not true . 
  if that 's true , then i guess we 'll just have to start believing every childish rumour , maybe elves and dwarves are real now !, 
  maybe there are mountains made of marshmallow !, 
  a long time , i went back in 2008 , and had been around for quite a while at that point . 
  groups of young people from all the member nations come together for a few days at either the strasbourg or brussels eu parliament buildings to act as a youth european parliament , debating issues as well as making friends ( and getting really drunk in the evenings ) . 
  it was an amazing experience , and it was what made me decide to pursue a politics degree , which i went and earned 5 years later , 
  xperia z 's have pretty decent cameras . 
  i had the z1 and currently have the z3 . 
  phone camera is always my lowest priority ( i use a digital camera for photos usually ) , but the z3 still surprised me with it 's quality photos . 
  and euroscola !, 
  that 's how i got my slovenian and bulgarian buddies , 
  you 've not found evidence ? 
  why not ask those of us who 've been on them !, 
  joined a union ? 
  no more hours for you . 
  took holiday ? 
  no more hours . 
  you can not compare the two on any level . 
  i bet you supported the iraq war and the bombings in syria . 
  slandering socialists and people with mental illness in one go , fucking great one mate !, 
  i think my morning walks could use the threat of death by bear mauling . 
  i imagine it would inspire a brisker pace . 
  well , that is strange . 
  you should n't follow rules just because they 're rules . 
  it 's kind of extremely important that you do n't in fact . 
  like , a cornerstone of democracy . 
  edit : but that guy was still a petty bigot trying to score points by calling modern germans nazis . 
  huh ? 
  what crappy app are you using ? 
  baconreader always shows flairs . 
  fascism did n't come in spain till about a decade after the spartacists . 
  if they 'd have been successful , franco would n't have stood a chance . 
  communists in germany would have been flocking to fight in spain and franco would have been without the support he received from the nazis . 
  remember , the communists in germany then were n't stalinists . 
  the only communists in germany were the spartacists - rosa luxemburg famous among them - and they were murdered after the social democrats betrayed them in a popular uprising that would have prevented fascism ever rising in europe in the first place . 
  lol looks like someone does n't understand population growth in developed nations then . 
  cos almost all developed nations have a fertility rare of < 2 , and sustain population growth only through immigration . 
   except the american law is protecting american consumers from unsafe food products . 
  but it is n't , because places that do n't have this law are protected still . 
  it was , but there 's a lot more to a global empire 's budget than military and social spending . 
  by this point , we 've been in pax britanica ( yes i know it 's a ridiculous concept that does n't match reality , but there was a lull compared to napoleonic era diplomatic and military affairs for example ) for a while , so military spending you 'd expect to be down . 
  you say low , but we 're talking `` as a percentage '' here . 
  if luxembourg spent 30 % of their budget on defence , they still have n't spent more than the uk . 
  but localised content is worthless - in the uk , all that localised content is already available for free on 4od , iplayer , etc. 
  why do you have such a problem with this ? 
  how is so crazy that someone might not be totally male or totally female ? 
  do you say the same thing about bisexual people ?
