   i belong to the greek left . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're part of some party associated with syriza ? 
   you can not just illegalize something that that many people support ( no matter how hideous it is . ), 
  they absolutely can , and absolutely should . 
  we 've seen what happens when you act too late against fascists . 
  the only people ever prepared to fight the fascists off , the only people willing , and with a strategy and opposing programme , is the `` hard far left '' ; socialists , anarchists , and communists . 
  they 've already acted to late ; gd have been allowed to gain traction . 
  right , but the ussr was neither socialist or communist ... by any measure . 
  you can call yourself a pink fluffy unicorn , does n't mean you are . 
  the ussr was a degenerated worker 's state ; economic power was in the hands of the workers in that it was not controlled by capitalists , but the worker 's had political power seized from them in stalin 's coup . 
   no wonder that spain has budget problems if they call such an obvious waste of money `` savings '' . 
  we 've found him ladies and gentlemen !, 
  this guy has all the answers !, 
  he has a full , developed analysis of the global financial crisis that he developed himself , with his mass of economic papers and journals and legitimate experience operating and managing national budgets and international finance and trade . 
  he knows how to solve spain 's , greece 's , portugal 's , italy 's etc. 
  problems !, 
  i mean , this must be the case , since he seems to know exactly what 's wrong in spain , which is part of a global clusterfuck of capitalist crisis . 
  well , we did borrow william of orange from you ... 
  it was so satisfying seeing the south flooded whilst northern england soldiered on . 
   i did n't learn of the english civil war really ? 
  my a-level history covered the english civil war , though we were given the choice between nazi germany or the russian revolution . 
  i was lucky to have a left teacher who understood the russian revolution from a non-cold war propaganda perspective , instead emphasising the truth about socialist russia before lenin 's death and stalin 's coup d'etat . 
  ( also , a side note , we always call it `` the english civil war '' , even though we 're english ; would someone please teach the fucking yanks to do the same ) . 
  to add to the thread ; massive gaping holes in colonial history . 
  the only thing we were taught about the americas was the treatment of native americans , the slave trade , and us civil rights movements ( including black rights , women 's rights , and trade union/worker rights ) . 
  although we covered apartheid south africa a bit , and the slave trade , we were n't taught about how truly horrific the british presence in africa was , with things like the massacre of indigenous tribes and the atrocities of the boer wars . 
  basically , the whole `` colonial empires are a fucking disgrace to history '' was n't a thing . 
  i suspect nationalist sentiment in education has been amped up in the past few years , probably even more than blair even did . 
  us role in ww1 and 2 was downplayed to being very little , other than supplies , pilots and debt . 
  counter to what most other brits here appear to be saying , we could n't have done any more on ireland !, 
  we did so much irish history it 's insane !, 
  british atrocities were emphasised here , but i suspect that was down to my teacher more than anything . 
  he had tattoos , he was legit . 
  do they teach about the socialist/communist failed revolution ? 
  the revolution that would have meant no nazis , no ww2 , no cold war ? 
  bugger off yank . 
  spain , `` oh yeah , we 're like everyone else , we just have population in our coastal regions too - '' bam !, 
  madrid !, 
  surprise density !, 
   modern , refreshing approach . 
  you 're forgetting that he 'll be a labour candidate ... there 's nothing modern or refreshing about the 19th century liberal economics of the labour party . 
  he 'll tow the party line same as every other labour politician , save for the dwindling socialist presence , does . 
  i went on to say ` queer ' , which is the umbrella term . 
  i consider lgbt to be equivalent to gsm , and feel the adding of ` q ' and ` i ' and the other letters many people choose to use unnecessary . 
  lgbt itself as an outdated acronym , but it is the most well known acronym , and should be used in lieu of gsm or queer only when the audience is likely to be unaccustomed to our terminology . 
  tl ; dr i did n't forget intersex . 
  please do n't leap to defend you nation , people are so easily polarised to ` love their country ' when anyone says anything nasty about it - but when it comes to queer liberation , nobody in the world has a right to defend their nation , because no nation on earth endorses queer liberation . 
  i do n't defend the uk ; it 's an abomination that the only reason marriage equality is even on the table is because one party wants to look a bit more modern , and has nothing to do with them actually wanting gay liberation . 
  if you wan na know what it is like and has been like for trans * people in sweden , ask / r/transspace . 
  ... t it 's to do with the letter ` t ' . 
  lgb ** t ** . 
  the scandanavian countries have a horrendous record when it comes to trans * rights , especially sweden . 
  gay rights = / = lgbt/queer rights . 
  also , lgbt/queer rights = / = lgbt/queer liberation , because rights are just words written on pieces of paper , which people will choose to respect or not ( the marriage equality bill reinforces this , by exempting anyone from it who chooses to - in other words , it 's not equal at all ) . 
  liberation is the aim , and no amount of acts saying `` a man can marry a man '' is going to bring queer liberation . 
  the op is more about rights than liberation , granted , but my point still stands . 
  i 'm surprised at gb being only 15 % , i 'd bet you anything it 's risen ( relatively ) drastically in the past 2 years . 
  i 'm just leaving uni now , and i 'm one of the only people i know of who is n't moving back in with their parents , and is going straight for independent . 
  only about half of them , but after the referendum fails in 2015 , it 'll be more like 30 % . 
  i 'm so happy to come across another zizek fan < 3, 
  opera has always been my favourite browser , but i had to stop using it because a lot of sites i have to use do n't support it for whatever reason . 
  it became too frustrating to have to switch browsers whenever one of these popped up , so i just did the full switch to chrome . 
  chrome is a poor replacement . 
  it feels like i 've gone back a decade in browser technology . 
   i think it 'd be better to focus on making a decent website , more aimed at teaching socialism ( like lernu !, 
  is for esperanto ) . 
  i mean look how well the zeitgeist movement have done by having decent presentation and so on it 's funny you mention that , because that was a big topic at congress . 
  on monday we had speakers and discussion on the role of the socialist , and one of the main motions was to focus more on recognising the key role of social media , and i talked at length to a number of comrades there about how we under use our youtube , and that we should also think about submitting stuff to khan academy and it 's ilk . 
  but the paper is important , it 's still a really useful tool . 
  i wo n't go into why , but if you look in the paper and the website there 's stuff about its role . 
  we 're friends , and he 's become a really good comrade ( despite initially being in labour students :p ) . 
  that 's the one !, 
  he 's a pretty good speaker , and from the sounds of it you 're doing pretty good in exeter . 
  actually , this academic year has been great for socialist students nationwide so far . 
  i used to be in the labour party too ( i 'm from an ex-coal mining community in the north , you 're born labour up there ) , but we find our way , 
   but that 's unlikely to happen nowadays i disagree for a lot of reason , but i understand why you think that . 
  besides , marx did accept that not only is parliamentary revolution possible , but peaceful revolution is possible too - the police and the military are made up of workers too , so win them over and peaceful transition is completely possible . 
   i think the biggest problem is that no-one seems to know what socialism is . 
  that 's why we print the paper , and that 's why we spend at least 2 hours every saturday running stalls and talking to people  consciousness always lags behind objective reality , under capitalism . 
  it 's our job to coax it , and be prepared to build a mass worker 's party when the need arises . 
  i met a guy from exeter at congress , i 'd actually met him earlier at the youth caucus , i forget his name ... 
  he 's in exeter uni socialist students ... had a spanish sounding name i think ... 
  it 's weird to meet a comrade on reddit , i have to say . 
  it was a great weekend , but it was my first national congress since i only joined in october last year ( i 'd been looking for the right party ) . 
  i was pretty glad i got to speak on the youth and student work we 're doing in leicester . 
   the policy reminds me of when the party opposed the av reforms too , which was stupid . 
  because whilst av would n't have helped much , at least it would have meant you could see the actual numbers of switched votes , rather than guessing at the moment . 
  well , i was n't a member during the av referendum , but i spoiled my ballot on the same grounds the party opposed it . 
  av was pointless , and would have done nothing but award the lib-dems a couple more seats in some elections . 
  we need to bear in mind that if we 're assuming electoral reform is something we want ( and we should question whether it 's reformist , or a transitional demand ) , then av is something we should n't want , as it 's just an attempt to quell the fervour for electoral changes . 
  by the way , mind if i ask which branch you 're from ? 
  oh really ? 
  which one ? 
  i 'm a member of the socialist party ( which is one of the main tusc parties alongside the swp ) , and i 'm actually semi-pro eu , in that i still see it as a vehicle for spreading the struggle , but acknowledge that as it stands it 's part of the neo-liberal ` project ' . 
  the ` pro-old union ' policies come from the swp ; the socialist party is n't affiliated with any unions , and we never will , but we do work within them . 
  fine , if you wo n't accept that they 're racist - you could n't possibly deny that they'e openly homophobic , and privately misogynistic , and clearly imperialist classist . 
  the thing is , you can vote anti-eu without voting for right wing parties . 
  let 's remember who opposed chirac 's eu boss 's club in the first place ; marxists . 
  trades union and socialist coalition ( tusc ) is probably the best anti-eu vote .
