  we do , i wonder how much better off as a nation we would be if we had kept all these companies . 
  we had some of the world leaders in almost every industry :(, 
  lets kick start it !, 
  target 1 billion, 
  i would love to see it happen , hopefully with a rebalanced economy as well , but predictions 16 years into the future with quite closely matched and interlinked economies must be very difficult . 
  sorry to disappoint . 
  i really wish a brit would buy them all back though . 
  branson you listening ? 
  bentley , jaguar , land rovers , rolls royce , mini . 
  no dam we sold them all !, 
  well done britain !, 
  looking to be france or the uk then , as both have higher fertility rates than the rest of europe . 
  anyone fancy knocking up a fully comprehensive comparison ? 
  im lazy http://infogr.am/, 
  turkey is not europe and i hope it never will be, 
  i would like to think britain will repay the favour . 
  it was because of the lack of catapults that they pulled out . 
  agreed . 
  i would hope every european nation could commit at least a few resource without too much hassle . 
  although like you mention nothing is that simple . 
  maybe this course of action is naive but at least it would be faster and simpler . 
  we have just seen similar action along those lines from the usa , a very small increase in military presence but a strong message . 
  i think it what the eu should have done several days ago . 
  as long as the forces were small and the intent clear there would be no misunderstanding . 
  i think doing nothing is making the eu look weak , such an action would make it look strong an unified on the international stage , even if in reality it was a tiny military deployment . 
  especially seen as most of europe has a reputation for never mobilising their forces . 
  this is why parallel to talks on sanctions i would like to see some stronger action taken . 
  namely a show of military unity along the eu 's borders , nothing provocative just to show unified commitment to those nations who border the ukraine . 
  such an action would require far less negotiation . 
  i fully understand the issues the eu is presented with in such a situation , 28 different perspectives and vested interest . 
  it 's just shocking to see what results in . 
  possibly i 'm more annoyed that the uk has not been stronger on the issue . 
  well sanctions or rather the threat of them have done nothing as of yet . 
  plus we all know the eu ca n't consider serious sanction due to its economic commitments . 
  i would like to see movement of european military assets to both poland and romania . 
  nothing too significant but on par with what the usa has just done . 
  such an action would send a strong message of unity without the risk of these economic sanction would bring . 
  i also believe that it would be remembered far longer that any such temporary sanctions like visa restrictions, 
  bugger, 
  ukraine 's own troops, 
  what message does that send out to the rest of the world?senkaku islands ? 
  road blocks , im sure they would have considered it , they idea would be to remove all chance of confrontation, 
  that would be fine , as log as they were n't armed . 
  as long as the russians were outnumbered i do n't imagine they would defend the supporters , but who really knows, 
  they can block trucks, 
  yes , just pour troops into crimea , try to overwhelm the russians . 
  its a gamble though , plus russia would see it coming , i bet all their satellites are focused in on the ukraine, 
  yes , economic sanctions need to come from usa initially . 
  romania and poland should request assistance for their borders . 
  i wonder what would happen if ukrainian forces airdropped food and supplies into their bases in crimea . 
  would russia really shoot them down ? 
  what to do thought , i get the impression we are scared of backing putin in to a corner, 
  i would consider it just as a show of force and unity from europe that our borders are strong and we recognise the threat . 
  it would only need to be a token forced from each nation . 
  it he idea behind it that would count, 
  perhaps the time for this course of action has passed . 
  i just that europe 's sanctions are going to be pointless and short lived . 
  where such an action would not be . 
  he would know that we were only doing it as a demonstration of force , if the usa kept out that would be clear, 
  would it be useless though . 
  i really think not , i know of course this is all speculation . 
  it would be perfectly within our rights to say that due to the situation we are increasing defence just incase events develop . 
  points well made . 
  although i think europe has made it more than clear we do n't want military conflict, 
  i think it might . 
  he does but he has n't seen what the eu is capable of . 
  i think a demonstration of unity would be a strong message , much strong and long term than these sanctions and stern words, 
  no i 'm not suggesting that , i 'm suggesting a show of force , nothing more, 
  its not actually but there are plenty of those about . 
  scattered everywhere , leftover from the cold war . 
  i think germany has some of the largest, 
  us forces are starting a gradual reduction in europe i think, 
  personally i do n't no think it would take too much to tip the balance . 
  if the treaty for the creation of an eu constitution had gone through , there would be a lot less difference between the two . 
  why not ? 
  and always will be , although over time trial and error should overcome this . 
  christ -22 iv done well . 
  i do n't think young children should be able to access it , simple as that , and with children having internet smart phones from such an early age now they are going to be accessing it earlier and earlier which i think is dangerous . 
  on the whole i think it is a good thing . 
  thats why i think another organisation is needed adjacent to nato . 
  one which would cover all territory owned by europe . 
  i mean seriously how could the netherlands ever protect its overseas territories on its own . 
  it was a push for the uk to win the conflict on its own . 
  france and the uk are starting to work in partnership . 
  nato did virtually nothing when the falklands were invaded though . 
  russia 's huge resources base and our reliance on it is worrying . 
  i duno both us and france have plenty of islands that we want to keep ownership over . 
  the falklands . 
  i agree . 
  its stupid really . 
  russia reminding europe that they are still there , as if we would forget . 
  your language completely undermines this whole discussion . 
  shame . 
  is it ? 
  the only question is , can we launch them if we needed to . 
  the link you posted does not answer this ? 
  maybe i am missing it , please quote . 
  all seems a bit vague . 
  discussion of maintenance and test launches , maybe intentionally so . 
  along with their use of the word independent .
