  yes export markets , germany needs exports for about 40 % of its economy . 
  europe has stalled , no demand . 
  germany needs to improve its access and competitive edge in newer markets . 
   policy shift ? 
  no takes building up forces , that takes time and resources , and you think the rest of the world would stand idly by ? 
  yes they would . 
  japan is doing it right now and its not even in the headlines , plus we have been asking germany to do it for years . 
   energy supply is no an argument anymore , heard of fracking ? 
  it wo n't change anything , germany and europe will either be reliant of the us , middle east or russia , not self sufficient . 
  this is where the german or rather european wealth comes in . 
  germany much like japan is only a policy shift away from becoming a great military power . 
  germany sees in russia access to new export markets and a supply of energy outside of the troubled middle east . 
  russian resources and geography together with european wealth and technology presents a real threat to us hegemony , perhaps the only real threat . 
  germany already is more important than the uk , no question and it will remain that way for the foreseeable future . 
  i fear you are not well read on this area of current affairs . 
  i disagree . 
  you mean other a land border with the rest of asia a pacific coastline and endless resources . 
  correct , however without the cold war the uk would not have been as co-operative , look at suez . 
  i am inclined to believe it was less us global dominance and more the soviet question in the subsequent years that lead the uk to washington . 
  yep , the uk is finding it 's feet slowly in this new world , we only fell under us dominance due to the cold war and well the blair bush thing , thats gone now , we are free to find our own place . 
  yes , however the us does not want to see any challenge to it 's dominance and a german or eu , russian alliance represents just this . 
  the assertions made are not absolutes , they provide more of a guide to strategic thinking imo . 
  it does which is fine for france , germany and benelux , who can , and i think will move towards this . 
  i do n't think the eurozone will break up , but i do think it will cease to be a meaningful political union outside of these core nations . 
  i do n't think it 's us they need to accommodate , it 's the pigs and the baltic states . 
  this is why a multi speed europe is now being discussed by many political commentators . 
  gdp per capita tells you nothing about how that economic activity is distributed , theoretically it could all be the result of 4 people with the rest of a populace living in sub saharan poverty and yet the formula gdp/population would give you the same result . 
  median wage would be a better indicator, 
  it 's not but germany has some big demons to face with it 's exports . 
  i mean who is buying them ? 
  and with what ? 
  low global demand is a part of today 's world and yet germany is still exporting and many are now fearing that germany has an increasing number of zombie companies . 
  yes and no , they both have their uses , consider imports for instance , the strong your currency is the cheaper they are , relatively . 
  so imo nominal gdp is a far better at measuring a nation 's global footprint or comparative trade strength . 
  i could be wrong , but i do n't think that will impact gdp figures , as it is not really a measure of living standards , it is a measure of economic activity . 
  it tells you nothing about where that activity is taking place , nor whether it is investment led growth ireland or more sustainable overall growth like in poland . 
  it 's a measure of economic activity divided by population , it is a very crude metric for evaluating relative living standards but useful in other ways . 
  so much like the rest of the eu then . 
  even if we vote to leave i think it will only be separation in name and the uk will maintain some level of integration . 
  i honestly do n't think this referendum will solve anything , much like the scottish independence one . 
  i think a majority of brits want to leave , however they are simply too risk adverse . 
  it 's an emotional argument not an economic one , although the economics of europe do n't look great . 
  italy is looking like the next japan . 
  a stagnant economy , ever expanding national debt and a falling population . 
  i completely agree . 
  true , i think we still have a more healthy fertility rate though and less of a population bulge . 
  i think it 's more than us , uk strategic goals are more aligned than those of other allies . 
  i would add that projections also suggest the uk will become the largest economy in the eu within the next 15 years . 
  to prevent communism spreading, 
  i think you will find it is , although i do admit that occupation has not been their objective for at least 25 years . 
  by making immigration an issue , the fact that it has come to the surface of the political dialogue in both europe and the usa represents a failure . 
  basic sociology and psychology textbooks state that simply the presence of groups is enough to cause animosity and fear between humans . 
  government should have known better and managed accordingly . 
  the failure of the developed world to sell immigration to its populace will be one of the biggest political failures of this century imo . 
  i 'm still not sure whether letting the usa occupy europe and have such a large say over foreign affairs is a smart or stupid move . 
  i wonder what the picture looks like without germany included . 
  i agree however until you can convince the voting electorate that is true governments will continue to agree with them, 
  that and mass civilian casualties do n't poll well with citizens nor are they really something anyone wants to be responsible for or have on resume for life . 
  they do however , as u/darthpizza notes while the russians have an quantitative advantage the quality of those airframes leaves a lot to be desired and will only fall further behind in the coming years . 
   this has been coming for at least a year now . 
  the consequences for the russian air force are likely to be far reaching and varied . 
  the russian air force has about 300 mig-29 350 su-27 130 mig-31 60 + multi-role su-27 120 su-34 stike fighters 300 su-24 200 su-25 cas 70 tu-22m 59 - tu-95 15 tu-160 so of ~ 1600 total combat aircraft 1200 or so are 80 's airframes or earlier . 
  replacing many of those with modern types was going to be challenging regardless . 
  now , with their economy slow and their operational tempo causing casualties and presumably maintenance wear and tear , it may become impossible . 
  they 've already cut their order of t-50 's down to 12 . 
  the pak-da project they were talking about has n't actually produced any hardware yet , and with all the conflicting reports i 've seen it seems like they do n't know what kind of aircraft they want yet . 
  they want to build more tu-160 's , but even during the soviet days those were more handcrafted pieces of art than production line aircraft . 
  the only bright spots have been their upgraded su-27 variants , but that 's still based on non-stealthy 80 's airframes . 
  they seem to be good aircraft , but they mostly started as projects in the 90 's , they 're already relatively old . 
  i do n't know what russia can possibly do to prevent their air force losing major capabilities in the next decade barring oil over 170 $ a barrel . 
  the real threat for aviation is the russian s 400 sam system . 
  as you rightly point out naval power is the cornerstone of this advantage , that is to say that the uk and france combined currently run with 1 strike carrier , 1 helicopter carrier and 5 amphibious land ships , with near future procurements bring in the hybrid strike carriers of the the queen elizabeth class . 
  in short the seas would be controlled by france and the uk , russian ships and overseas trade could be allowed or denied by them , however as you note the russian submarine presence would present significant problems . 
   i do n't think people realize how greatly defense cuts to france and the uk have hit them in the past two decades . 
  as bad as russia has had it , they came crashing down from being the other military superpower in the world and so even in a diminished state , they 're still quite capable . 
  yes / no . 
  in the real world the uk and france need only keep the russians in check , something that they can easily do as described . 
  if it came to conflict then russia may have the ability to counter the uk and france in certain respects , but this omits the fact that they would n't be acting alone , the eu has the second largest combined military budget in the world at $ 200bn with potential capabilities hugely surpassing that of russia . 
  however like i said the uk and france need only keep russia in check which than can do with relative ease . 
  agreed . 
  while i agree , you must admit that the bretton woods system underwritten by the usa 's informal empire has more than a few advantages for us all . 
  i agree , however military capability or rather resolve to use it can be a strong diplomatic tool . 
  while matching funding would be useful it would still lack the cohesiveness that one large military could bring imo . 
  i 'm afraid there is more than a chance , in fact in many respects the uk and france possess far greater capabilities than today 's russia . 
  while i agree france and the uk are n't superpowers and are n't even in the same league as the usa , you must remember that nor is russia . 
   you have no oil right , except for the north sea oil which covers ofcourse two thirds of the uk 's oil needs with the majority of the rest coming from the gulf , the same gulf that the uk has countless military bases in . 
   france and uk would have trouble winning a war against uganda right ... 
  i do n't want to set and play the whole armchair general game , but i think you need to look into this a touch more . 
  again i said keep russian force in check not wage total war . 
  edit : but - removed, 
  it depends if whether you like being an empire or not and whether you believe in pax americana . 
  funding and technology is n't really a problem it 's desire , as for russia i do n't think europe has to worry , france and the uk are more than enough to keep it in check if they had the desire to . 
  true but it should be western europe offering that protection/deterrence not the usa . 
  the problem is lack of funds , extra defence spending wo n't go down well with the public . 
  also beyond all that the uk now imo lacks a global strategy , should it expand and work with the usa or develop its own global strategy . 
  the uk should be doing this anyway it would help to carry good favour with both eastern europe and the usa , plus imo european 's should be defending their own interests not leaving it to the usa . 
  sorry to disappoint you ja ja but i simply misunderstood the first paragraph . 
  thanks , a much better link, 
  not so sure why this was needed , but ok . 
  the perhaps i have provided the incorrect link .
