  i think his career is over , i find it incredibly unlikely he will still be in post by the end of negotiations . 
  would seem a strange move considering britain 's strong ties to the me , the uae ( emirates ) are close allies . 
   economic wise , it is likely in germany 's long-term interest to destroy uk 's economy , germany/ireland would absorb all the london financial service businesses and a weakened uk is good for germany/france . 
  i am not saying they will do anything but do n't be surprised if negotiations do n't go as planned and in fact turn into a war-like situation . 
  again i understand the point you are trying to make , but i fear you have rather lost sight the environment in which this is taking place and its key actors . 
  while i think you make an interesting point , i would have to disagree . 
  as other have pointed out , the uk is not greece , the uk is an ex superpower and is still a leading great power , do n't mistake its arrogance for insecurity . 
  what ? 
  while it is obvious a deal is in everyone 's best interest and that the uk would fair far worse in a situation with no deal , it is i thinking interesting to see the eu and tusk having to clarify this . 
  if britain is indeed bluffing with their hard stance , which i would suggest they are , it is clearly having the desired effect . 
  the uk is benefiting from the thatcher reforms that helped create a liberal labour market , sure it 's held down pay , but at least it 's prevented mass unemployment and a lost generation of workers . 
   they would be able to negotiate a trade agreement with the ruk on their own . 
  i do n't think you can do that as an eea member . 
  i do n't think that true at all . 
  without conventional forces how would a nation protect its interest overseas or stop a blockade of its ports ? 
  what 's to stop another nation invading your country 's main oil supplier and cutting you off ? 
  a nation needs conventional forces . 
  i think russian defence spending is closer to 6 % . 
  also , imo the biggest problem of the defence cuts has been the hollowing out of europe 's navies . 
  if you rely solely on nuclear weapons you have no means of escalation , very dangerous , you go from 0 to 100 instantly . 
  the uk is the least trade dependent nation in the eu , it neither buys a lot nor sells a lot . 
  most trade maps do the same , but even with services britian has a notable deficit . 
  an interesting side point though , is that britian is has the least dependent trade economy in europe . 
   there is hardly any benefit to the job at all anyway . 
  that depends on your perspective , as a citizen of the usa perhaps not , but as a general citizen of the world i would argue that the usa 's leadership has been hugely beneficial, 
  inner and outer i think , but i was also questioning this . 
  inner london is home to about 8 million people , and outer to about 15 million . 
   here is the irony : europe dominated the world , but it failed to dominate itself . 
  for five hundred years europe tore itself apart in civil wars , and as a result there was never a european empire -- there was instead a british empire , a spanish empire , a french empire , a portuguese empire , and so on . 
  the european nations exhausted themselves in endless wars with each other while they invaded , subjugated , and eventually ruled much of the world . 
  true , i was omitting that . 
  well i think that is quite a tricky question , unlike other european nations britain was always retained a truly global view and foreign policy . 
  this is why imo britians total integration into the eu was never going to occur , some level of distance and isolation within europe was always britain 's future . 
  the sad truth for britain is that the eu values it far more than the usa ever will , britain struggles to offer the usa anything it does n't already have . 
  britain could endeavour to become a large canada , the usa will ask for less , but offer less in return . 
  one rogue idea explored by the last administration was to court china , become china 's * `` best friend in the west '' * , perhaps once again finding a position of balance in the global system . 
  imho there is great truth in what dean acheson once said * great britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role . * . 
  i fear britain is trapped by its own history , so perhaps it will dabble in internationalism again , realistically however britain would need to at least double its economic footprint to stable in such a role . 
  i do n't wholly disagree , but you must accept that their was , until recently , a move for the eu to be lead more by its institutions than by its constitute members . 
  i agree with you , the eu 's strength is derived from its members , but i also think we must also accept that the eu is itself an entity with its own interests and guiding principals . 
  right ... well i 'm not on here to ` score points ' , not really my thing , i 'm on here to have interesting discussions , if you want to do that great , let me know your thoughts , if not downvote me and move on . 
  all very true , but i fear that the blow would be more a psychological one , britain would no longer be britain . 
  i 'm unsure , i fear that what he is trying to get at is not easily defined , but i think is rests on the central premise i mentioned above , that of an inherently close about the uk usa relationship . 
  for example ireland is inside and dominated by eu , it makes up about 1 % of the groups gdp , but receives 11 % of all us fdi . 
  if geography is the number one factor is determining a nation 's economic relationships , a shared culture is a close second . 
  that is certainly not the path the eu was on before 2008 , european nations were giving way to europeans institutions and european policy was leading national policy . 
  the eu is both a separate entity and a framework for nations to act together , the latter which you describe has emerged from a breakdown of the former . 
  well that has been the case for the past 20 years and we have seen the uk do exactly what is described ** waiting , watching and retaining options regardless of what happens . 
  this is evident in the eu opt outs the uk holds , or rather did hold , the `` special relationship '' , deep uk france defence cooperation and creation of the single market to name a few . 
  you said ' * failing * ' . 
  which imo and that of many others the eu is . 
  while brexit was not a direct result of this , i ca n't help but think that it did factor into the decision and vote to leave . 
  when crisis after crisis hit , people did n't look to the eu , they turned to their national governments . 
  i 'm unsure , but the writer 's analysis appears to make the same assumptions we have heard time and time again , that for all its overstatement , there is something inherently close about the uk usa relationship . 
  as for why there is no fail scenario , i would suggest that the writer assumes that a great power like britain is highly unlikely to fail . 
  imo however they are mistaken , britain could fail , if scotland was to leave and the union was to fall apart what is left would become all but irrelevant on the international stage . 
  ' * failing * ' has gone undefined in the above passage , but i think one could make a case that the eu certainly has failed or at least weakened in many respects , and european nation-states are clearly re-emerging as actors . 
  the current situation britain finds itself in always makes me reflect upon this analysis of british foreign policy by a geopolitical commentator . 
   britain has positioned itself superbly for a strategy of waiting , watching and retaining options regardless of what happens . 
  if the european union fails and the european nation-states re-emerge as primary institutions , britain will be in a position to exploit the fragmentation of europe to its own economic and political advantage and have the united states available to support its strategy . 
  if the united states stumbles and europe emerges more prominent , britain can modulate its relationship with europe at will and serve as the europeans ' interface with a weakened united states . 
  ** if both europe and the united states weaken , britain is in a position to chart whatever independent course it must . 
  we all live in repsentative democracies , no nation is a true democracy . 
  what nation can replace it ? 
  the us basically built the current world order . 
  really . 
  the ` low tax ' statement is something that should be taken for what it was , a threat to the eu and a silly one at that imo . 
  [ watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac6vjvdooz4 ) . 
  may is far more happy about state intervention , look at today 's [ announcement ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-38713327 ) . 
  do n't fall into the media 's narrative , conservative woman politician = ` new ' thatcher . 
  what ? 
  have you looked at the policies they are proposing , may for one is nothing like thatcher . 
   uk post brexit has little to no leverage to negotiate trade deals with major economies . 
  negotiating power of not just eu . . but china , india , brazil & other emerging economies is higher than u.k. . you realise of course that the uk market is the 5th wealthiest in the world , worth over [ $ 1trillion more than brazil 's or india 's ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.con.totl.cd?year_high_desc=true ) and is one of the fastest growing in the developed world ? 
  the uk is no a economic superpower for sure , but neither is it a small player , if you discount the eu , usa , china and india ( in 2025 perhaps ) the economic superpowers , the uk is the world 's second largest economy , close to twice the size of number three on the list brazil . 
  it does n't state that anywhere . 
  i 'm talking about consumer market , not gdp . 
  is it ? 
  i ca n't find a source, 
  well projections say by ppp the uk economy will drop out of the top 10 by 2050 , so a while yet and longer if you consider the fact that exchanges rates will probably favour the uk for some time to come . 
   aside from our arrogance ? 
  delusion ? 
  i 'm unsure why it is either on those . 
  choosing to be open to trade is an internal matter for the uk , we could go fill singapore in 2 years time and nobody could stop us . 
  i 'm not suggesting we do mind . 
   the sheer audacity of us leaving a club then basically demanding special privilege and access into it . 
  pissing off the other countries we need onside ? 
  the uk has n't asked for a lot , i for one thought the demands were going to be far more ambitious . 
  i 'm sure it wo n't , still the uk is a big economy in its own right with the 5th largest consumer market . 
  i do n't think it sounds deluded at all . 
  the uk needs free trade now and unfortunately both the usa and eu seem to be turning inward . 
  why is it ? 
  well yes compared to economic superpowers like the eu , usa and china the uk is small , but compared with the rest of the world the uk is still a very large economy and wo n't even drop out the [ top 10 until 2050 ] ( http://www.pwc.com/gx/en/issues/the-economy/assets/world-in-2050-february-2015.pdf ), 
  i still see nothing on services . 
  if you want some figures and context i suggest reading this report from pwc , see [ here ] ( https://www.pwc.co.uk/assets/pdf/ukeo-section4-exports-november2015.pdf ) . 
  some key points * a key trend in uk exports has been the gradual decline in the relative importance of the eu market * uk trade with the eu is weighted more towards goods than services . 
  the share of uk goods exports going to the eu is around 50 % , whilst the share of uk services exports going to the eu is only around 35 % . 
  * overall uk export performance in recent years has largely been driven by services , which have grown from 6 % of gdp in 1990 to 12 % of gdp in 2013 . 
  meanwhile , goods exports were 18 % of gdp in 2013 , falling from 19 % in 1999 . 
  this has resulted from a faster rate of growth in services exports of just under 5 % per annum on average between 1999 and 2013 , compared to only around 2 % per annum for goods exports .
