  if they 're what is ? 
  kiev ? 
  polish boarder ? 
  i understand the hesitance but we are no longer being diplomatic we are being weak . 
  i agree , nobody wants war , people have too much to loose . 
  the action would obviously serve to do more than just repatriate bodies , it would stand as a mark of defiance to russia 's continued intervention . 
  i agree 100 % with the comments you have made but predicting the end result is a difficult one , we can both only speculate . 
  your scenario of russia sending in troops commits him to an end game , putin does not want the west involved . 
  if he was to send troops in we would back ukraine , if he was however to stand back and allow us to do our things , we would leave . 
  it all very much hangs on the europe/russian relations , he knows we are n't a war posturing nations , as long as the us stayed out i could see it conceivably working . 
  the assurances we might have to give moscow would perhaps undermine the defiance aspect . 
  why ww3 . 
  they are not russian troops . 
  russia would not clsim responsibility for a rebels attacking us . 
  we are not opposing forces either . 
  i agree that there are huge risks involved but not quite on the level you are suggesting . 
  i 'm not a strategist but i think going by air would look both more offensive and open up our people to accidental attack . 
  no the inspectors will be a part of a larger convoy , which would be used once the bodies have been collected and the area deemed secured . 
   do you think russia ` okayed ' the bombing of the plane ? 
  they are n't a single unified group . 
  no , but do i think they hold significant sway over the rebels ? 
  yes  id rather it be slow , safe and legitimate than rushed and give putin something to rally against . 
  russia does not want a war , the worst thing that could happen for him would be for the rebels to attack us as we would have to respond . 
   it 'd be a futile endeavour that would escalate the problems in the region , i do n't think it would , if our intentions are clear there should be no doubt in the motive for our actions . 
   also we would also be giving putin yet another card to use . 
  he 'll trump it up in the global and russian media , use it to demand concessions and more autonomy . 
  all sorts of things . 
  he could , but nobody in the civilised world will be listening , the rebels and russia have had 2 days now and the bodies of our citizens are still there . 
  nations have to make it clear , there is a line and playing politics with the bodies of dead european men , women and children crosses it . 
  russia has tested europe and he can keep doing that but this to me at least is different . 
   if the eu uses force to enter you risk ww3 hopefully no force would be needed , we would simply announce our plans and walk on in daring the rebels to stop us . 
  i do not believe they would be stupid enough to stop us , nor do i think russia would allow them too . 
  the road to anything like ww3 would be far darker i think , worst case scenario a new cold war , but i very much doubt that . 
   i think this is a un thing not an eu thing . 
  then it will be an even slower thing, 
  this argument can be made on both sides , plus i would argue that british technologies have been rather well tested in the many conflicts the us has been involved in . 
  a massive risk no doubt , but a risk shared equally with russia . 
  we do have to look at the bigger picture sometimes and keeping russia as a friend is a key part of that , if we push russia to far away it will fall under china 's influence , which is till a total unknown . 
  putin is the problem . 
  i never mentioned nato , specifically for that reason , this is a european affair , no need to bring in the us . 
  the plan would be to keep things very calm but make our actions and our intent clear . 
  that i think is a wrong judgment , but as this is all speculation i wont ' t rule it out . 
  however i do not seriously believe russia wants war , i do think however , that they are a lot less scare of it that most of europe . 
  we should try walling towards the big bear rather than running away as we have the last few times . 
  countries i think and , the uk and netherlands , but the more the better . 
  so do i , bodies have already been disrespected and handled without care or respect . 
  thats course of action will only lead to more bloodshed though , we need a strong but measured response , strong than we are getting but not quite what you are suggesting . 
  i would however , perhaps after withdrawing forces and after collecting the bodies make a statement against anti air weapons , say if they are not removed they will be destroyed . 
  that would have to be slightly longer term 2/3 weeks, 
  why not ? 
  i am sure that is how rt would report it , but ukraine who claims they own the territory would i am sure grant permission . 
  russian oil and gas is and end weapon for both sides , it would take a lot for them to cut us off . 
  i agree though , this needs to be a european response , not american . 
   this will be forgotten two weeks from now and merkel 's house will stay warm . 
  well hopefully in a few decades that top spot will be held by another nation , one that is not as appeasing . 
  no , but the nations of europe are . 
  not war , but casualties , the whole premise of safety would be based on the rebels not having the balls to shoot . 
  strange i thought my post rather strayed away from military specifics . 
   invade no a better more diplomatic word than that , our aim would imply be to secure and collect our citizens bodies , then the crash site . 
   and is n't it the job of the ukrainian nbaai to investigate the crash ? 
  not going well for them at the moment . 
   and why should n't we take any sides ? 
  are n't we on the side of the ukrainians ? 
  we do n't want trouble , our number one objective is to collect the dead . 
  i am pro eu , part of the reason this whole situation is harder to stomach . 
  i would n't do it in secret , i think i would role the dice on this one . 
   no , uk could not act well i pretty sure it could , however i did not clarify what that action would be . 
   what happens when a uk jet gets shot down by russian anti-air ? 
  would you really risk the potential of world war 3 right now ? 
  nobody would be stupid enough to go in by air , that is fraught with danger , plus if we wanted to strike cruise missiles would be the best option initially . 
  have you read my post ? 
  yes very pro-active . 
  i would stick with my plan , perhaps making the additional announcement that all surface to air systems must leave rebel held territory or they will be targeted . 
  this would be an empty threat anyway as russia has probably removed them already , still it would demonstrate a hard line and one the russia might accept . 
  would they though , if we were to announce it to the world ? 
  i suppose they could end up eye to eye , neither side would dare to act though . 
  i am not , i am fully aware of how europe works , hence the ( s ) . 
  nation or nations either way your dealing with the most important and powerful players in the world . 
  you are correct , but it has become clear over the last 2 days that they are not meeting the conditions we have outline , so we should act . 
  we have the resources and a justifiable reason . 
  most of europe 's perhaps , certainly not the uk 's or french 's military , both of which are arguably equal to russia . 
  the uk could get required amount of troops on the ground within 48 hours i should imagine . 
  we would n't want to send too many anyway , just enough to secure the crash site . 
  i 'm not sure , the uk is tired of war but it also has a deep sense of right and wrong , i think such an action would receive a positive response from the press as it would give them a chance to hammer most of europe for being weak . 
  that 's good to hear , i doubt we will see anything materialise though . 
  why not ? 
  the eu is becoming a joke , a place gets shot down with hundreds of eu citizens on and arguably the second most powerful nation ( s ) sits there asking if it 's not too much trouble , could we have our citizens back . 
  i was trying to stay diplomatically neutral , our number one concern is getting those bodies back to their families . 
  this is the problem with europe , ca n't live with them ca n't live without them , issues like this make me question my loyalty to the whole eu project . 
  the uk could act tonight if it wanted but it dare n't because of europe . 
  it 's bullshit , i ca n't imagine the us would leave their citizens bodies rotting in a field . 
  i hope the uk says fuck it and goes in , there is a good chance that the us would support the move and help strong arm the rest of europe . 
  i think the uk would if it was supported by at least one other nation , say the netherlands . 
  it can only really be france or the uk as most other european nations are not geared towards rapid deployment . 
  the uk and netherlands should just act then , but with political support of other members and eu flags . 
  fake it , send a mostly british or french lead force alongside several other members states forces . 
  the eu should tell both the rebels and the ukraine government that eu force are now coming to secure the location in order for a complete unhindered investigation to take place and for the bodies of eu nationals to be collected . 
  no discussion . 
  just send in enough men to secure the area and state that any additional eu casualties will be seen as an act of aggression against the eu . 
  i think you are missing the point of these sanctions , they are not targeted at the russian people or really the russian economy .
