we should have two , dual nationality . 
  i know it 's impractical but i think many people would prefer it and perhaps feel more european if they had something physical to represent it . 
  ha ha , true . 
  traitor !, 
   too much bullshit to handle . 
  steyn backs up most of his work on economics and demography with well documented figures . 
  granted he widely extrapolates from them , but its not bullshit . 
   the guy is a babbling right-wing conspiracy theorist right wing , 100 % buy ` conspiracy theorist ' ? 
  not really  who think all muslims are trying to destroy our culture . 
  yeah he does have and obsession about islam , although at least he tackles it , so many geo political writers skirt around the subject . 
  if they are walking down the street with it on then i should hope so . 
  the uk should go , we need to start building strong ties with members on a individual level incase we leave the eu . 
  it is the corporation tax which is the problem . 
  i think the issues might be more complex than that , anyway i think such an statement is propaganda on the part of the us . 
  imo japan is still number 2 and has been for the past 20 years , russia , india and china may come to rival it by the end of the decade but there is still a noticeable void in capability . 
  edit : india, 
  i think the eu will have something to say about that , ireland 's aggressive tax policies must have pissed off at least a few people . 
  south korea is a germany in the making for sure , it 's going to rival european powers in the next few decades . 
  great powers ? 
  us = superpower eu = emerging superpower ( delayed for an indefinite period of time ) china = emerging superpower ( 2025 , maybe ), 
  nothing in theory , almost everything in practice . 
  i think we have to disagree on this , but we will see , either way it is going to make for interesting discussion over the next ... . months , years , decade ? 
  they did , but ... internet . 
  you ca n't keep the truth out , the bigger and longer the lies go on the harder it will be . 
  the riots will be back , give the sanctions time to really sink in . 
  in the short term i agree entirely , but neither putin nor the russian public can keep the rhetoric up forever . 
  look at the riots we saw when he was re elected , revolts can and do happen in russia . 
   russians are more likely to unite under putin leadership against west than unite against putin . 
  i have to disagree , in the short term yes , longer term no . 
  [ will sanctions against russia make a difference ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t4llv58gqu&amp;list=uuouxswakjucwg46kw5rsvpw ), 
  only got it the other day , but i have watch a lot of his stuff on you tube, 
  yes , he has been scarily accurate on russia 's future behaviour and japan 's for that matter . 
  it 's a dangerous game this , china are doing the same , reflecting public anger to an outward enemy , in russia 's case an enemy that will make the publics life even harder . 
  merkel !, 
  break out you best pen , this next letter has to be extra nasty, 
  i doubt that , even if russia takes ukraine it will not hold itself together for more than a few years under the weight of sanctions . 
  think about the riots you had before when he was elected , now multiply that by rising food and the cost of living prices . 
  how ever this play out it spells the end for putins russia and perhaps the end of russia as we know it . 
  there is admittedly a mix of opinion of this , however , more recent research points to the strength of sanctions , see [ dan drezner work ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t4llv58gqu&amp;list=uuouxswakjucwg46kw5rsvpw ) , where he talks about delayed effect . 
  no more william hague though , a shame in my opinion , he would have served to put the uk firmly back on the world stage again for the decade between 2020 and 2030 , especially with the buoyant growth predicted between those years . 
  knew i was n't being original , just could n't remember where i heard it . 
  yeah its hard to consider blair out on context and history , but if you can you notice that he was a great speaker . 
  weak , weak , weak, 
  not looking good , several economists had already made reference to a japan style lost decade , well two decades . 
   or undertook a professional specialism, 
  well most degrees in the uk are meaningless now and hold little value due to the declining standards in higher education . 
  unless you attended a uni in the top 25 or undertook a professional specialism i would say the actual value of our degree is very questionable . 
  true , i wish it was advertised that way . 
  we have one in birmingham [ too ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/large/4448467.jpg ) its not a nice , but with renovation it could be . 
  except some fucking endangered bird has now made its nest on it . 
  stupid inconsiderate bird . 
  just wait until the [ pinnacle ] ( http://www.e-architect.co.uk/images/jpgs/london/the_pinnacle_kpf270709_cityscape_5.jpg ) is built , that will be my fav i think . 
  30 ? , more like 20 , but yes i think it is heading that way . 
  i think most people agree with what boris is saying, 
  britain was a power in decline after ww2 and yes suez was a huge blow , but i think it 's presence was not instantly diminished , in fact i think even in the 1960s the uk held the third largest share of the worlds economy . 
  the uk has decline has really occurred since then , both in real terms and comparatively to other nations in both it 's economy and role in the world . 
  so i would agree somewhere between 1955 and 1970 britain 's place in the world lost it 's importance , in fact i have a quote which admits it . 
  * ` we are recognising that we are no longer a superpower . 
  there is no greater recipe for disaster than a persistent refusal to face unwelcome facts ? 
  * ( roy jenking , 1967,1970 ) could n't find an exact date . 
  that 's a 15 year spectrum arguably affecting anyone from late 50 's upwards like you stated , a particular demographic which does well with ukip . 
  ( my parents , shakes head ) . 
  since then we have seen multiple instances of decline for britain , being surpass by germany and france after the stagnation of the late 60s for one and more recently black wednesday . 
  i think all of these have things have cut away at the uk psyche especially the older generations , those who have held the power , ceo , politicians , media types . 
  i think it was hard for the uk to conceded to the usa and ussr but to european nations on it 's door step , a real kick in the teeth . 
  of course the visible impact of all these things i imagine is slight but the profound undertones are not . 
  i am not convinced , the island nation concept i agree with but to discount the britain 's past is i think , wrong . 
  a large percentage of our population the baby boomers and older have gown up watching the britain transition from a superpower to a great power . 
  such a transition is huge , it means we went from dictating the order of play in the world to being just another player , be it with very good credentials and high influence . 
  trying to draw parallels across history is difficult , but i would predict that the us is going to experience a similar thing , nowhere near on the scale of that britain mind . 
  we are entering a new multipolar world this century ( hence why the uk needs the eu ) where the us will find it 's less able to dictate the order of play . 
  just my thoughts on the matter . 
  `` great britain has lost an empire and has not yet found a role '' dean acheson ( 1962 ) united states secretary of state under president harry s. truman . 
  i think the british psyche is still searching some 52 years on . 
  germany should buy it , they lack projection capability . 
  what all 5 canisters worth ? 
  i agree , the us would only serve to heighten tensions anyway . 
  germany is below it 's nato defence spending of 2 % , something which after all this trouble with russia i would expect them to at least make head way with . 
  france should cancel the warship deal and the eu should assist in finding a new buyer . 
  germany i 'm looking at you . 
  true , i think europe 's problems run deeper than that though . 
  the free trade deal could be essential . 
  i prefer the option because economic sanctions are an unknown risk to europe , which is teetering on the edge of deflation . 
  a small multinational force sounds ideal , a strong message sent to putin and it saves damage to the europe 's economies . 
  mark steyn 's work is looking rather convincing right now . 
  i think the bigger issue here is the notion that any shock to europe 's economy could result in japan style deflation and potentially lost years of economic growth . 
  it all depends on the approach , i described this yesterday . 
  i think a small coalition lead by the dutch perhaps supported by british and polish forces should be sent along with the world press and investigators . 
  keep the us and nato out and go in by road to avoid any misidentification accidents . 
  we should also announce our intent and objectives and make it known that any attack on our forces will be considered an act of aggression . 
  we should also make assurances to putin that our forces will only stay to collect the dead and conduct and investigation , perhaps give him a time estimate . 
  the hope would be that the rebels would leave the area as they have no interest in turning europe further against them and nor does putin . 
  it is a gamble and going into any war zone is dangerous but the costs of not doing this are to my mind far greater . 
  no he wo n't , putin does not want war , why does everyone jump to this straight away , this is nowhere near a cuba missile crisis like event . 
  yes it marks a huge change in our approach to russia but it does not set the ball rolling towards war . 
  this sounds like a step in the right direction , there is a joint uk dutch marine force to . 
  we have tried being diplomatic and gently appealing to russia . 
  it has n't worked , putin is testing europe 's resolve , seeing how far he can push us . 
  we can keep conceding or make it known that eu deaths are the line .
