  i get that extra euros could not be printed to back up this value however the cash supply is already bulging in greece due to withdrawals , an extra few billion wo n't be noticeable . 
  why could n't greece have pulled a fast one and paid with nonexistent existent money , who is watching their current account ? 
  is creating fake money obvious ? 
  i 'm really curious about this issue , i see the problems for nation 's if they have their own currency , but greece does n't the euro and its value is guaranteed by 19 other nation 's and 300 million europeans . 
  yes the eu would go mad if they found out , but arguably it would just be the same as qe without the caveat of buying bonds back . 
  it has n't stopped nation 's in the past , but i take your point . 
  yes granted it would be done digitally . 
  however leaving the realm of reality for a moment , how do we know how much greece has in its current account ? 
  what to stop them adding a few billion ? 
  if it was a national currency then obviously there would be notable ramifications , but a few billion into a 10 trillion shared euro economy , i mean qe is about 13bn a month . 
  coins are but notes are identical save their serial numbers . 
  all correct , but they could do it and it would put both the imf and the rest of europe in a bind . 
  does the imf take the money ? 
  how should the spread of illegal greek euros be stopped ? 
  the more i think about this , the more i think greece should have just fine it behind closed doors . 
  controlling it would n't be ready though , all trade and capital exchange would have to cease immediately . 
   as they can not do it with euro 's ( since they have none and do not control it ) greece does have the ability to print euros, 
  yes i expect they would . 
  the greek government could control it if they wanted to , it 's on their land and run by their citizens . 
  i do n't see this as a great hurdle, 
  i agree , a difficult solution to implement rapidly though . 
  how ? 
  a euro is a euro . 
  correct , but hypothetically greece could print euros , no ? 
  hence i stated defying the ecb . 
  what would conceivably stop a government from doing it ? 
  what ? 
  it would be difficult to do quickly, 
  greece could still print euros and use them impacting the rest of the eurozone . 
  in or out of the eu, 
  i took that as red . 
  i am sure they would be , but the euro would still exist for long enough . 
  i 'm aware of the implications , however 1.8 bn is nothing into a 10trillion economy . 
  i 'm not suggesting it should be done rather wondering if it could be done . 
   anyone who is clever enough would n't blame the germans or anyone else but themselves . 
  i 'm not so sure about that , germany imo is doing just enough to keep the eu on life support , just look at the huge fiscal and trade surplus they 're are running , they have the resources , only history will tell if they have made the right decision not to use them . 
  people keep saying japan is a exporting powerhouse but the figures do n't [ support that at all ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_exports ) and that 's without service exports factored in . 
  no the opposite , a declining working age population and growing number of old age dependents, 
  i 'm embarrassed for my country , misunderstanding ukip as a racist party is really to show one 's own ignorance . 
  well that was before we had the snp , i fear we could see such rules broken . 
  i alternate between both almost daily at the moment, 
  suck it france !, 
  she 's wheely good , no seriously, 
  defaulted ... 
  spinning and hoping on one leg, 
  montenegro 's answer to pitbull ? 
  [ all i could see when i looked at her ] ( http://cdn8.littlethings.com/app/uploads/2015/02/14.-doll-tissue_cdiannezweig.jpg ), 
  god her figure ... just a rectangle above the knees, 
  good plan . 
  except russia is not a normal country , these past 25 years have been a blip , russian 's are used to getting by with what the west could not . 
  and there was me thinking europe has regained its sovereignty in 1991, 
  we british and the canadians are also there i think, 
  no it 's an opinion , if your looking for evidence though you need only read the guardian who makes british guilt and decline a core philosophy in their journalism . 
  our general loss of patriotism and faith in our country is very sad , the uk has now moved to a place where being proud of your country and proud to be british makes you a fascist and an idiot . 
  it is now far more common to see brits celebrating other nations with an almost violent distain for the land they were born in . 
  [ rule britannia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb5nbp_gmgq ), 
  gdp per capita does n't equal wealth nor does it equal evenly distributed value production , in theory all a nations output could be generated by one person and gdp per capita would stay the same . 
  yep south korea is one to watch , i think samsung alone spends more on r&d than several european nations . 
  not broke , but their entire economy is built on debt and investment so it 's not what you would call safe or stable . 
  suck it france, 
  i doubt we will see any movement towards this for at least a decade , the european project is very much on hold with national leaders now more likely than ever to distance themselves from the eu and its institutions . 
  i 'm not so sure about a labour win now , a few months ago yes but the polls seem to indicate a slight tory lead . 
  that coupled with the fact that incumbents tend to do better than polls suggest and the there 's the snp . 
   ok , so because of its past europe is eternally doomed to live in the wheel of suffering where only conflict , despair and rivalry await us . 
  nope , just that many of the reasons behind past conflicts still exist , the main one being europe 's vast array of different nationalities . 
  i am surprised that so many people are blind to this simple fact , the idea of a european is manufactured , there is no shared destiny among europeans , this is something we are again slowly realising since the crash . 
  we may wish it and our politicians may try to enforce it , but 25 years of peace is not long enough to breed a shared nationality . 
  the film is not about predicting an absolute it is simply following one of the many trajectories that europe could take . 
  i 'm unsure how to respond to this without sounding condescending , i suggest that you look into europe 's history and how it interacts with geopolitics before dismissing its history so easily . 
  conflict being the norm to peace does not = `` a continent wide war in europe '' as you put it . 
  conflict can be as mundane as spain blocking transport to gibraltar , or france defying deficit restrictions . 
  europe does not need to be at war to tear itself apart . 
  your right defeatism is not the answer , but it is unknowingly what a growing proportion of europe is now calling for . 
  i do fear however that the problems may be insurmountable , i think the eu has gone as far as it can in its current form . 
  the question is now one of how and if the eu can evolve . 
  no worries . 
  i do n't think the film suggested a europe wide war did it ? 
  the film asserts much the same as many political commentators , simply that europe 's history is conflict , not peace and that the nationalism which runs deep in europeans is re-emerging . 
  i think it would be naive to dismiss this film as fearmongering , to do so would show an ignorance of history and a lack of educated imagination . 
  i do n't think so . 
  from what i read this is a commonly held view by many leading commentators . 
  europe has always been at conflict , peace is the exception . 
  i completely missed it . 
  there is a worrying consensus on europe 's future at the moment . 
  i think he is right , the last 7 years have changed europe totally and nationalism spurred on by economic hardship is the root cause . 
   russian/german alliance , now it is gain self sufficient energy supply and become militaristic again , and the same for japan ? 
  the german russian relationship is already about energy . 
  militarism was asserted by you as a counter claim to germany 's strength , i was simply pointing out that it is only a policy change away . 
  as for japan , well it is redeveloping its defence to counter china and to protect its reliance of middle east oil . 
   if you gon na use your wealth to build infrastructure in russia how are going to build up an army at the same time . 
  germany would n't build up militarily in such a situation , russia is there only real threat and in this scenario they would be a close strategic partner . 
   oh , and there is the fact that neither german nor the japanese people support militarism . 
  militarism , you mean the gradually normalisation of defence policy . 
  which is how japan are selling it . 
  plus it would n't be militarism it would be for defence , not that germany would need it like i have asserted before . 
   and you still have not given an answer how germany is going to make up the economic loss from `` anti alliance '' sanctions from the us and her allies . 
  there is a big difference between a strategic alliance and conflict . 
  the us will not sanction or attack any such alliance in the crude way you are inferring . 
  these changes are not instant , they evolve over time , the us will take an interest and stop any such alliance from ever occurring , hence my first post about a challenger to their hegemony . 
  i encourage you to read around this topic if it interests you as there is quite a bit to get your head round .
