  question is . 
  if i was pm could i launch a missile if i needed to ? 
  to that i think the answer is yes . 
  but such a situation would be very difficult to imagine . 
  that 's annoying . 
  although i cant imagine it would have the best viewing figures in the uk, 
  i would like to see the uk work with france to develop new ones rather than going back to the usa . 
  i completely disagree . 
  without international respect and recognition a nation is not going to succeed . 
  could you enlighten me as to what we need permission for ? 
  im not so sure , i think trident is still of value . 
  if both france and the uk were to scrap nuclear weapons i think the eus respect on the world stage would be severely damaged . 
  is it on freeview ? 
  turkey ? 
  or their credibility of joining the eu ? 
  which are ? 
  sounds like a plan, 
  yeah and unlike china we ca n't cut corners and labour would be about 10x the cost . 
  what do you reckon $ 25 billion ? 
  waste of time, 
  if the eu had a larger budget we would probably see more things like this happening . 
  there was a guy the other day talking about galileo ( eu gps ) saying that it moving on well , so there is at least some hope . 
  everyone hates giving the eu money at the moment especially us . 
  which is the main problem but im sure there are others . 
  i agree though , would be a great goal for europe to set itself . 
  beat the chinese there !, 
  is galileo going to be superior to the other systems ? 
  sorry to bombard you with questions, 
  fantastic i really glad to here that . 
  has n't russia force imports to be open use of their version of gps ? 
  is there much ambition and drive for space within that area ? 
  so depressing galileo was one of the few projects i was really happy about seeing come to fruition . 
  how much of the problem is to do the with the eu 's tiny budget ? 
  there are extreme movements in the uk too but they tend to a manifestation of more than just the minorities feelings . 
  how does france poll in euroscepticism ? 
  i know france is far more legally , politically and economically bound than the uk but that does n't mean that their population is more pro eu . 
  brilliant !, 
  problem is the majority of those things go unnoticed . 
  it needs to be doing those things along with pr policies . 
  policies that the average joe can see and say ` thanks eu '' . 
  im sure you are right but i do n't think other countries are too far behind us , france especially . 
  worth a watch : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6m7uohevv4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17kdsc8viay, 
  so we are stuck in a vicious circle then . 
  im talking about something to put the eu in a good light for once . 
  its depressing how bad its image is in the uk . 
  agreed . 
  should n't the eu council then be taking steps in order to improve its image and appeal to everyday people , mostly in western europe . 
  no your right it is the press but the eu should not give them the opportunity . 
  exactly . 
  well said but what types of common goal ? 
  you thinking like a man on the moon or living standards . 
  what shocks me about the policies they introduce is how stupid they appear . 
  examples being , the power of vacuum cleaners being restricted and olive oil bottles having to be sealed at restaurant tables . 
  i like europe and i hope that there are serious reasons for such policies but seriously who ever is head of their pr team needs to be shot . 
  these are the little things that piss people off surely there must be bigger things to tackle , no ? 
  if they must focus on the little things can they push for standardise mobile contracts !, 
  i would n't say so , london is perhaps the most dynamic and fastest evolving city in europe , 2012 olympics , skyscraper boom including the shard tallest in the eu , crossrail largest construction project in europe . 
  regression is not something that people will associate with london . 
  new york , a few days around new jersey , vegas ( obviously not relatable ) and almost 2 week driving around california and staying with friends . 
  where did you go ? 
  san francisco imo is the most european of us cities , it felt like london or barcelona . 
  hampshire and sf is an odd comparison . 
  pensioners who have free public transport and lack iphones, 
  i can only speak from what i saw , which was new york , a few days around new jersey , vegas ( obviously not relatable ) and almost 2 week driving around california and staying with friends . 
  yeah i can try . 
  most things felt and looked shabby and areas looked chronically poor and neglected . 
  this was also reflected in the big cities too , the homelessness was unbelievable , even compared to london and paris . 
  on top of this all public building and services looked like they stopped being funded in the mid 80s , evidenced by little things like the lack of digital bus stop which sounds silly i know , but they are all over europe even in small towns and villages . 
  other things included the lack of interactive ticket machines , filthy streets and chip and pin , i mean wtf with chip and pin usa , me and my friends actually paid with each others cards wrong signature and all . 
  this is not to hate on the usa but rather to describe how i found it , sorry i was rather let down , but hollywood will do that to you . 
  yep , the usa imo at least was a big let down , it felt like going back to the early 90s compared to europe and places in asia . 
  granted it 's a big nation and i have only been to a handful of places but i have since heard others say the same , americans too . 
  correct , scotland is however though much like taiwan in the regard that it 's successor state has control over its right to exist through the un security council . 
  ok point well made , however i was trying to state that the word country means very little , taiwan and palestine are examples of this . 
  does stating that scotland is a country rather than a region or province provide it with any higher level of global recognition save what other nations are prepared to give it ? 
  i thought about this the other day and came to the other conclusion . 
  where does it say that scotland is a country ? 
  the un does n't recognise them . 
  cheers a slip up there, 
  can we just federalise and make it illegal to secede like us states . 
  edit :, 
  putin is just making sure he has a say in how syria turns out . 
  the deployment of tanks and other artillery does suggest that he might be preempting further western involvement, 
  there is no defending to be done , she has cracked the eu wide open , if it was n't in crisis before , it is now . 
  she has sacrificed the dream of 500 million in unity for what ? 
  lefty points . 
  a large joint aid effort would have worked much the same . 
  please tell me this is just hyperbole . 
  let me guess , is it to push back talks on eu reform to deal with the pressing issue of light bulb regulation ? 
  `` i knew a girl named pandora in high school once . 
  never did see her box though ! '', 
  well it lasted longer than i thought it would . 
  he will get credit for this in a few years, 
  not well , i do n't believe a nation 's services can adapt quickly enough to cope . 
  at best we have a few months until public opinion turns . 
  it seems ludicrous and short sighted to me that a continent that has such a problem with immigrants would open their borders in this way . 
  a solution needs to be found but i honestly do n't see this working . 
  a touch negative imo, 
  finally , i mean nobody will agree to it but at least the concept is being addressed . 
   the resurgence of american influence in europe , in eastern europe especially , is an obvious failure of the eu as a whole and of merkel in particular .
