  they are designed to make life uncomfortable for the powerful and politically connected . 
  russia is corrupt we all know that , the country is run for the benefit of the few , it is those few which we are targeting . 
  if we can pressure them enough they will do the work for us . 
  not for much longer , in 15 years the uk should have taken that position . 
  granted , but it would reduce russia to the stone age . 
  it 's a end game weapon , not one which would be used . 
  we do n't need to go after gazprom and i doubt russia would ever dare to cut off the supplies as it would be seen as a form of economic warfare . 
  also i am sure i read about studies have been done which show that the eu could survive such an attack . 
  gazprom is the nuke in the situation , one which neither side would want to drop . 
   the only way to hurt putin is to hurt his oligarch friends , but they will most likely pass the hurt on to the civilian populace and then blame the west for being too `` fascist '' . 
  they can pass the blame all they want , it wont help them , they would be stuck , no western travel , limited western business , no access to western credit , no access to western bank account ( if we can find them ) . 
  do that to enough of the right people and putin will have to concede . 
  the average russian might be brainwashed but the top business and political people are n't . 
  i do n't think we want to hurt russia , we want to hurt putin , i do n't think one necessitates the other . 
  we do not want russian public opinion against us , we want it against putin , we should think about how to weaken his hold on power . 
  russia is corrupt , all we need to do is pressure the right people . 
  un peacekeeper would again represent a failure to act , putin knows these systems and he is playing them like a pro . 
  hillary clinton had it [ right ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nktrjgdknfg ) . 
  it should n't be , that is the whole point of the eu , to stop the smaller nations of europe being bullied in trade and diplomacy . 
  the netherlands should make it clear that again the eu is failing . 
  the uk can do more , but only a little , it has to be a team effort . 
  if we can not defend our interests against off russia what hope have we against the true emerging giants of china and india . 
  you will never get all the facts on the table , that is the big problem . 
  again the eu is at a cross roads , the took the path of appeasement last time , will they again ? 
  i think you are wrong on that , the sanctions are designed to hurt top officials and those who hold power and sway in moscow . 
  money talks , if their companies ca n't trade or they ca n't get into their bank accounts , finger will be pointed at putin . 
   a ) turns out that pro-russians destroyed the plane , but official moscow disagrees with the investigation . 
  that 's probably the worst-case scenario , who knows what might happen . 
  i honestly doubt that nato will openly invade eastern ukraine , that could cause a shitstorm of epic proportions , but if they want they will have a somewhat valid cause to do so . 
  i think this is what we are going to see , however i do not think we will see any western forces in action . 
  most likely to see a strong reaction from the eu in the form of sanction along the same lines as the us . 
  if we do n't , it again represents a failure of the eu to act and a fall in standing . 
  does kind of remind me of this [ photo ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/the_gap_in_the_bridge.png ) if name were replaced . 
  uk could do with another as hms invincible will be going soon, 
  freedom of movement should be the last entitlement given to ascending nations , and given once they reach the average level of eu living standards . 
  subtitled version ? 
  i want the eu to make itself matter to people . 
  let us know who you are and what you do . 
  the president needs to be half politician half pr man . 
  ah , i could well be . 
  still easily over half of our total spend, 
  strange i would have argued it 's the fact they spend about # 700 billion of defence , or about the whole uk yearly budget . 
  ok no worries . 
  how come top gear be done pan europe ? 
  3 presenter from different countries ? 
  i 'm talking about a program where people from the different countries in europe could come together . 
  i think loads of countries have their own version , but i would like to see it done across europe . 
  france should cut their losses and invade belgium . 
  europe ? 
  thats really stretching the definition of europe . 
  next year taiwan ? 
  i hope not . 
  they had my vote, 
  russia your not going to get sanctions lifted with that sort of voting, 
  only in the wet dreams of meps, 
  the eu could learn a lot from eurovision . 
  we want fun stuff that brings us togeather not standardised bus shelters !, 
  france all the way !, 
  buy up the european quarter in brussels and turn it into a city state . 
  in the long run it would not be pretty though as russia would be forced to turn to china which is still a unknown . 
  next sanctions on their pets and favorite biscuits !, 
  yeah putin , who is laughing now, 
  i think people in the uk want to feel assured that the eu is competent and professional after all the eurosceptic stuff we here . 
  i think that means it need to be a polished affair , it 's the baby boomers they 're trying to convince not so much the younger generation who accept change more readily . 
  yes it ca n't be easy . 
  although i must say iv seen it done far better . 
  also given the current level of euro skepticism i think tonight will have hurt the eu rather than restore confidence in it . 
  these debates should be serving to show the eu in its best possible light . 
  efficient , competent and professional . 
  sorry to be so down beat , i wish i wasnt, 
  i was expecting more scripted answers and a more clearly defined stance on issues . 
  in short the were n't polished enough . 
  i know the us political machine results in too polished superficial political debates but this was too fsr the other way for me . 
  to the extent i could n't buy into any of them enough to really vslue their answers, 
  watched on you tube , the uk does not get euronews on freeview :( . 
  i did n't know what to expect but i have come away really quite disappointed . 
  i thought the debates organisation was a shambles and the presenters looked like amateurs . 
  the candidates also left me feeling cold , like they did n't really care and this was just something to be gotten through . 
  its a shame as a pro eu sort of guy i feel really saddened . 
  maybe the next one will be better . 
  european jfk needed then . 
  are there any potential candidates ? 
  i want specifics not just a vague comparison to what other nations have . 
  its a shambles !, 
  who orgsnised this ? 
  juncker looks the most presidential . 
  might have to look into one, 
  why would they be the most powerful member ? 
  they can only match germany 's mep count not surpass it . 
  i can hazard a guess that it wo n't be as important with the rise of shanghai and mumbai as financial power houses . 
  although i suspect london will still be europe 's finical hub just maybe not the worlds . 
  we should be more positive your right and it does seem that we are moving in the right direction . 
  i think the younger generation 18 - 30s seem on the whole to be more for the eu then against it . 
  i just want a decision one way or the other its annoying being in limbo . 
  a part of me does refuse the euro though , i love the pound too much . 
  are we past pre recession peak for manufacturing though ? 
  or even above the average for the last 20 years ? 
  do n't give them ideas, 
  very true , there is a huge new jaguar land rover plant being developed by me . 
  its just a shame we cant really call them british anymore .
