  can you please show me where germany acts like a dictator or wants to issue ultimatums ? 
  i highly recommend that you stick to the facts . 
  the point is : if you do n't show solidarity , why should we ? 
  where would ireland be without eu money ? 
  we just close the borders and let hungary and the rest of eastern europe handle the situation on their own . 
  no fucks given . 
  if that is the solution you want , you can have it . 
  good luck . 
  but do n't come back and cry for your toys because you want them so badly . 
  and it is unutterably pathetic to refer to a historic event that took place 70 years ago . 
  if that is all you have , you can go . ), 
  sure . 
  but `` wir schaffen das '' does n't mean `` everbody is invited '' , does it ? 
  and no worries . 
  if we will close our borders , all the refugees will stay in austria . 
  but again : luckily the people in power are smarter and more reasonable than you , both austrians and germans . 
  true . 
  as it appears , it might even be too much for us . 
  we expected a little bit of solidarity , the thing on which a united europe is built on , you know ? 
  well , looks like that was an incorrect assumption . 
  but it 's allright , just do n't expect anyhing from us . 
  i really do n't know what you are trying to tell me , but ok . 
   do you deliberately try to sound silly ? 
  i could easily ask you the same thing . 
  you are dependent on exports , you receive a shit ton of money from the eu , you have good economical growth and expectations . 
  yet you want to abandon it ? 
  this is probably the most stupid thing i 've heard all day and i 've been in this sub for a long time . 
   everything would 've been a lot better today without eu imposing economy regulations and their shitty ideas of austerity and deficit restrictions . 
  show me how it * would * be , please . 
  just show me study or an article or something it is not derived from your head . 
   dear lord . 
  the dublin convention states that the first member state they arrive in is where they must register and become verified asylum seekers . 
  dublin is not about duties for asylum seekers , but for the states . 
  it is the duty of the state to register him . 
  if this did n't take place and you ca n't prove how he entered another country , it is the current state 's duty to register him . 
  in the case of hungary : if germany can prove that they have been in hungary , they can send him back . 
  if hungary ca n't prove that they entered hungary over lets say slovakia , they have to register him . 
  so if they come over serbia and greece did n't check them , hungary is de jure the first eu country they arrive . 
  it does n't matter , however . 
  germany did n't send them back . 
  they did hungary a huge favour . 
  i tell you something . 
  there is no statistic that shows a dramatical increase after the statements of merkel . 
  i tell you that for the second time so stop with your flawed logic and start thinking reasonable or show me something sound . 
  people even came when they saw how they get treated in hungary . 
  people came after fences were set up . 
  military fences , not some barbed wire . 
  people drown in the mediterranian sea . 
  the number of casualties is 2-3 ,5 times higher in syria than in yugoslawia , which last ten years . 
  germany took 48 % of the refugees , which are in total 350.000 . 
  a comparison is ridiculous . 
   hungary has become a migrant highway because of your wilkommenskultur ... no . 
  absolutely not . 
  they had the most problems before merkels statements . 
  and hungary is not exactly a fan of closed german or austrian borders . 
  what he wants is that the influx of refugees stops . 
  and so is merkel . 
   last i checked , germany was threatening greece with being kicked out of schengen if they do n't control their borders efficiently , which is an impossible task . 
  there are a lot of people who ask for this , including a nato mission . 
  i wonder why nato wants to spend money on an impossible task . 
  can you tell me ? 
   we are currently taking in the fourth most refugees pr capita of any european country . 
  currently , your borders are closed . 
  and in q3 of 2015 , you took 975 refugees per one million which makes you 8th behind the uk . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7105339/3-10122015-ap-de.pdf/b0b08372-a5ce-411f-b66a-fa09101acb64  i am proud that my country is making a much bigger effort on the humanitarian and environmental issues than eg . 
  germany . 
  oh really . 
  well that is great . 
   cologne gave you a taste . 
  i am deeply sorry for your experiences . 
  but this is where the rationality starts . 
  a friend of mine got stabbed by some turks 20 years ago ( not dead ) . 
  but do you really think that makes me shaving my head or stop helping people in need ? 
  because most of the turks i know are good people . 
  and one `` not so well experience '' with you wo n't make me have a bad feeling about all danes . 
  at least cologne did n't make us go crazy and irrational . 
  sure . 
  because all of these people would have to go back to hungary , as this was the first place where they got registered . 
  since no one in europe is interested in the collapse of hungary ( as i assume ) , we took care of these people . 
  and hungary should be thankful that we did . 
  they are , actually . 
  yeah . 
  your edit is so true and so sad . 
  but it 's on the other hand insanely funny how they struggle with their arguments . 
  all they can is downvote you . 
  a once truely nice sub that brought europe and its cultures together is now the biggest circle jerk on reddit . 
  that 's the world we live in , i guess . 
  yeah i did . 
  everything is better now . 
  i start to think that there is a fully different problem here : you do n't care about your economy or whatever , you are just a nationalist . 
  at least admit your intentions . 
  not one of these wars had refugee numbers that were close to the current situation , not even yugoslavia . 
  and how exactly does money safe lives in syria ? 
  i would love to know that . 
  you give a few kronen to the family in aleppo and suddenly nobody gets torn to pieces ? 
  great . 
  really great . 
  you should propose that to the un . 
   merkel 's population relocation is n't saving anyone ... 
  it saves hungary .
