  it is still a judge who decides who gets imprisoned , according to the law . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there was a parliamentary vote . 
  the law is strange in my opinion . 
  but that 's not the problem of the eu . 
  as long as it is a french law and somebody wants to persecute le pen , it 's ok to withdraw the immunity . 
  edit : just to clarify , i think that the law with the pictures is strange . 
  but law is law . 
  i only know about the german case . 
  the german environment ministry gave money to the foundation . 
  this donation was given under the condition that it will be spent on certain projects that the ministry agreed with . 
  the progress was regularily checked . 
  honestly , that 's a great thing . 
  i do n't about any other cases . 
  these are neither elections nor referendums . 
  poland is in the eu , therefore the eu can criticize the direction poland is heading . 
  germany gave its money away under conditions . 
  this is in no way comparable to what was revealed about mercer . 
  like this ? 
  like the example above ? 
  can i get an example ? 
   referendum is not an election . 
  of course it is . 
  yes , it is something different than a parliamentary election , but it is still interference in the politics of a foreign country . 
  that 's the news . 
  to distinguish here just shows me that it looks like i hit a nerve . 
  just like your last sentence . 
  and the fact that you postet this whataboutism about ten times in this thread lol . 
  by the way , trump ( or at least the republicans ) also hired this company . 
  your stance is bullshit and nothing but distraction from the real story . 
  addition : twelve times to be exact hahahaha, 
  beautiful . 
  could be straight out of a ghibli movie . 
  obama interfered in foreign elections ? 
  now that 's worth a story !, 
  true , but who has ever ordered a `` hahn '' in a restaurant ? 
  if you 're talking about food , it 's always `` huhn '' . 
  and turkeys are , in my experience , only relevant when it 's about food  edit : this made absolutely no sense . 
  forget what i said . 
  it 's better after a cigarette . 
  schnuddelhong , so cute , 
  this orange motherf ***** is so full of sh ** , if this had been a tv series five years ago , everybody would have said that it 's too unrealistic . 
  one day this , the other day that . 
  the vice president says it this way , his consultant exactly the other way . 
  how an anyone make politics or diplomacy with this guy ? 
  an unreliable , irrational , lying , misinformed , lazy enemy of freedom and democracy . 
  just cut it off and wait until this clownery is over . 
  nice , thanks . 
  hey , off-topic question to an italian : how do you pronounce `` tajani '' ? 
  i 've never seen an italian word with a `` j '' . 
  very good . 
  excellent first impression . 
  please continue . 
  mulloch can say whatever he wants without persecution . 
  and exactly that is what free speech means . 
  does n't mean that other people have to tollerate an asshole . 
  ha , you can see the oktoberfest . 
  you , apparently . 
  jos\u00e9 mota looks like a good choice . 
  these are fucking hilarious . 
  it really happens . 
  trump makes europe stand together . 
  thanks , trump !, 
  no , but seriously . 
  thanks . 
  they can try . 
  and they will fail . 
  what 's that in norwegian ? 
  could live with that ... 
  nice . 
  `` ny - '' has this spacyness . 
  please call it neurope . 
  or novaropa . 
  edit : and by the way , `` space chief '' ist probably the best notion of this job i have ever heard . 
  what a title . 
  no you were asking for free trade . 
  a trade agreement will certainly happen . 
  free trade without free movement not . 
  plus , after the brexit and the anti-european spirit that occured all over the uk during the last years , you are really not in the position to complain about `` not being friends '' . 
  which at the moment is less likely than the uk being part of the european market . 
  no cherrypicking . 
  if you do n't accept free movement of people , the eu wo n't accept free movement of goods . 
  and that is ok . what do you think this is ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  there are videos of said hospital . 
  i do n't care if it was russia or syria , but the hospital was hit with a bunker buster , that 's a fact . 
  sure , but the bunker busters were used to hit the underground hospitals , which were built there in order to be safe from regular bombs . 
  what bullshit . 
  in the ukrainian conflict , the russians are actively taking part . 
  about 10.000 people died , compared to the 400.000 in syria . 
  russians and syrians used bunker busters and attacked convois . 
  unlike donezk , aleppo is a city of ruins . 
  there is no comparison here . 
  the consequences are high because nato is present in poland . 
  i think now you understand that . 
  there is . 
  but it shows you that russia does n't play by the rules anymore . 
   * `` lol what . 
  russia isnt going to attack ukraine '' * - the world , 2013, 
  good .
