  can i have a source on that ? 
  + / - 1 year . 
  not bad . 
  how exact and with which methods can you test for age ? 
  she never said that everybody was welcome . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  remember the little girl on television ? 
  you do ? 
  great . 
  and i do n't know how a `` wir schaffen das '' can be understood as an invitation . 
  the shitting on hungary was actually taking care of hungary 's problems , which they could n't handle themselves . 
  germany is making sure that other european countries wo n't get drown by the refugees , like it almost happened to hungary . 
  but thanks for your help , poland . 
  you see , this is your bullshit problem . 
  crime happens . 
  and it will never stop , no matter who does it or when it happens . 
  furthermore , it has happened in the past . 
  did you care before ? 
  did you care two years ago about the germans who got raped ? 
  but you , as i imply , think it 's the bad and evil immigrants and muslims who commit the crime . 
  it is only them and this is only something that occurs now . 
  it is n't . 
  and this is why i call guys like you racist . 
  oh , you know , what happened exactly in this case ? 
  because other than one guy who says `` girls have been harassed '' , i ca n't read anything about it . 
  it 's not the refugees who target here . 
  it is you who targets the refugees . 
  but do n't worry , we will speak out . 
   ... constant worrying about my wife or mother or sisters or daughters ... 
  these are your words . 
  `` afghanistan '' was my exageration to show you what i meant . 
  plus , you are 100 % wrong . 
  in fact , there is nothing * but * this discussion at the moment . 
  thanks for worrying , though , but we 've got this under control . 
  thank god there are still some people with a little rationality who do n't escalate what a stupid fuck of a town of 5000 residents said . 
  see , that is exactly the problem . 
  for 99 % of all germans , nothing has changed . 
  they go to streets as they did before and they live their lifes like they did before . 
  you , however , participate in this circle jerk of r/europe , that complains about a stupid fuck of a mayor of a town of 5000 residents ( !, 
  ) , that no german has ever heard before . 
  and now you think that germany has become a second afghanistan . 
  yes , i repeat a lot of stuff . 
  it does n't seem to help . 
  well . 
  that 's the world we 're living in . 
  however , you have n't answered my first point . 
  the one that says that `` consent '' is n't a term that is used in the german law . 
  how do you see that ? 
  and no worries . 
  i will keep repeating that . 
   when party has no ability to give consent , no consent can be given , regardless of actions of party that can not give consent . 
  good . 
  so this was my first approach : in germany , a party has ability to give consent , since this is not part of the german law we are talking about . 
  you have n't answered to that point yet . 
  please , do so . 
  i 'd love to hear it . 
   you seem to not understand the fact that signing a contract you have no right to sign has no impact any more than a criminal on the street signing order for government to allow him to mug people . 
  there is no contract in this regard , because no one who could actually form a contract was a party . 
  this is exactly what i said here : * `` regardless of a person 's actions , the person can not sign a contract in a legal way . 
  the contract is illegal and not legally binding . 
  '' * you are basically repeating what i said , you just leave the second , and in this case most important part out . 
  there is no contract * in this regard * , you seem to somehow finally understand what we are talking about . 
  it is not because there are no parties , no . 
  obviously , there are . 
  it is , because one party ( or two ) are not * competent * to do so . 
  in another regard , however , there is a contract . 
  the factual regard . 
  anyway . 
  have a nice one . 
  i 'm sure we will meet again in a few discussions . 
  be prepared . 
  i might suggest that before i seek help , you might want to visit a school or get some other proper education . 
  after that , many problems could be solved . 
  i always thought schools in finland were good . 
  i do n't know how else i can put this , but i did n't say that it is * `` completely possible to sign away their sexual consent and even organs '' * . 
  i do n't know how else i can tell this to you . 
  i can not tell you this with the most simple sentence . 
  it is like i tell a person that the sky is blue , and the person reacts with `` ha !, 
  you said the sky is green !, 
  are you stupid or what ?! '', 
  there is no fundament in arguing with you . 
  i can tell you something , and you just ignore it . 
  whatever , i will try again because i will not give you the last word and i will not allow that you spread lies on here . 
  we had two points . 
  * first : the fact that the german law is n't founded on the term `` consent '' . 
  how do you interpret that ? 
  you have n't answered to this point . 
  you might want to do that now . 
  * second : the contract . 
  thanks for putting what i said into other words and for proving my point . 
  because : regardless of a person 's actions , the person can not sign a contract in a legal way . 
  the contract is illegal and not legally binding . 
  that is fully correct . 
  however , he signed it . 
  he just did it . 
  illegally , but he did it . 
  and now you say , that this can not be the case . 
  however , it is . 
  you said that it was not the case in a legal way , which is correct , and which i know , but in a factual way , he just and simply signed the contract * physically * , * undoubtably * . 
  in your world , this can not happen .
