why , did you break yours by hacking in that rant ? 
  oh that one . 
  thanks . 
  i wonder why so many complain about the missing rechtsstaat in turkey , yet complain about merkel . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  true , it * is * bullshit . 
  well , i guess if you believe what some random strangers tell you on the internet , you should reevaluate your news sources . 
  if `` that sub '' is donald , keep in mind that they delete everything that is not in their agenda , even if it corrects a straight out lie . 
  the donald lies to you , from head to toes , and nobody is given the chance to correct it . 
  so there 's that . 
  why ? 
  thanks !, 
  how does eastern poland look ? 
  ( i join the laughter ) * hon hon hon *, 
  off topic , but is `` rechtsstaat '' known in english ? 
   ... or the ladies who will be attacked in the future . 
  see , and that is this irrational bullshit . 
  who knows if you will be raped in the future ? 
  or stabbed ? 
  do you feel unsafe ? 
  do you think , people who got stabbed in the past felt unsafe ? 
  arguing that shops should be closed because shop owners feel unsafe is probably not very sound , do n't you think ? 
  and just to make this as clear as possible . 
  nobody feels acutely threatened in this country . 
  the only thing is that there is more irrational and abstract fear , despite there is no reason for it . 
  spread by people like you . 
  pretty safe here , if you ask me . 
  ah / r/europe . 
  where the actual crime gets relativated by blaming merkel . 
  thanks for primitivizing this discussion . 
  again . 
  nice . 
  thanks . 
  very interesting . 
  where did you get these pictures from ? 
  i see them a lot around here . 
  is there a web page ? 
  is asking a few rhetorical questions all you can do ? 
  well . 
  tells a lot . 
   why are you so keen to get rid of them all then ... ? 
  because there are more to come . 
  and it will be to much for us . 
  we take what would bring eastern europe and greece down . 
  we are solving a european problem . 
  as for now , mostly on our own along with sweden . 
  and now it 's time that you give something back after we gave you plenty over the last decades . 
   what solidarity has germany shown us in recent years ? 
  and why on earth do you think we would show solidarity with you now in return ? 
  money . 
  investments . 
  you 're welcome . 
  plus , this is n't about germany , this is about europe . 
  since you got a shitload of help from europe , it 's time to invest a little effort on your own . 
  or do n't expect anything else . 
   where would germany be without the us marshall plan money to rebuild itself ? 
  on the ground . 
  which is why we value solidarity and help . 
  looks like this lesson has n't arrive in your head yet . 
  but it will , i have no doubt . 
  even you , along with eastern europe , one day will understand that europe is not just a cow that you can milk but wo n't feed . 
   do so then . 
  free the people of europe from your overbearing self-righteousness and let them handle the refugee crisis as they see fit , without worrying what sanctimonious germans will make the eu do to them . 
  lol no we wo n't . 
  this is the difference . 
  just because there are some idiots , xenophobes , islamophobes and paranoid right wingers we will not watch how greece and eastern europe goes to shit . 
  if you see that as self-righteous , you might want to change your perspective . 
  because just like the ones of the people in this thread , yours is filled with hatred , envy and inferiority . 
  just be a reasonable grown up and take your place in this union . 
  take responsibility . 
   since guilt over that event , mixed with the never-ending german desire for power and control is at the very core of the ongoing crisis at the moment why on earth should we ignore it ? 
  we wo n't overlook germany 's shame to spare your feelings . 
  dude you do n't have to worry . 
  we consume the history of third reich with our mother 's milk . 
  and there is neither guilt nor desire for anything that has happened there . 
  in the history of this world , there has never been a better germany that provides germans and others better lives . 
  there is no need to watch for our feelings . 
  again , thanks for your concern . 
  but that was not the point . 
  the point is , that your argument is extremely silly . 
  not even an argument , actually . 
  in the same way you accuse me of wanting to forget something or spare our feelings , you raise this historic event to a level where it has no place . 
  oh , sweden spared munich in the 30-year war ? 
  better print carl gustav on all our money . 
  this is ridiculous and you know it . 
  you wo n't get anywhere with that . 
  yeah but you did n't close your borders , no ? 
  and as a matter of fact , austria is obligated to check accept calls for asylum . 
  geneva conventions . 
  and it does . 
  sorry , alter freund . 
   germany has once again brought destruction upon itself by it 's own actions and germany is finding out yet again it has few friends left . 
  no worries . 
  germany still does better than ever before . 
  and studies say it wo n't change . 
  even the refugees will pay off in 15 years . 
  it is great that you care , but it really is n't necessary . 
  thanks , though . 
   and yet you think because german money was spent to ensure that the eu was turned into the beast it , is solely for your benefit , that you can issue ultimatums and act like you can run ( what should be ) a democratic union like dictators ? 
  my good friend .
