  in the real world , it definitely can . 
  so we have two parts in this analogy . 
  signing a contract and agree with having sex . 
  both are agreeing on something , and both do it . 
  and then there is the legal part . 
  you can not give legal consent to a contract , and you can not give legal consent to sexual intercourse . 
  both is illegal . 
  not at all . 
  you just do n't understand it and , frankly spoken , i do n't see any possibility to explain the basics of any law or any juristicial problem or even anything that is reasonable to you . 
  i understand the reactions of other people that you mentioned earlier . 
  again . 
  in simple words . 
  you can give consent to something , that means you agree with something . 
  that does n't make it , whatever case it might be , right , neither morally nor juristicially . 
  there was consent . 
  that means it was not rape . 
  but that also does n't mean that it was ok in any way . 
  and the law that i mentioned earlier shows you that . 
  but let 's go back to your example . 
  a person of younger age signs a comtract . 
  did it happen or not ? 
  did he `` consent '' on the contract or not ? 
  can you anwer that , please ? 
  not with one word , not with one single word i said this was fine . 
  did you read my comments ? 
  did you understand them ? 
  plus , you are simply and unmistakenly wrong : the german law does not talk about consent . 
  it just * does n't * . 
  and it 's actually great that you , like i did before , mention other principles where there is no legal * competence * : signing contracts for example . 
  this is a perfect example , indeed . 
  imagine one would still sign a contract . 
  did it just not happen ? 
  is it a failure of the universe or the matrix and will everything implode because it * just can not be , the law says so !!! * ? 
  the legal binding was not correct , just as it was in the thing we are talking about . 
  yet , the contract was still signed and the girl still agreed on it . 
  factually . 
  i 've already read it , too , but thanks . 
  ~ ~ the guy who posted this does n't even know that they were migrants . 
  it is his assumption . ~ ~ the police got them and identified them : they are afghan . 
  no information about their asylum status , though . 
  allright , fair enough . 
  i have edited the comment and will control myself in the future . 
  promised . 
  sorry about that . 
  as i have told you , a child can not give consent in the juridical way . 
  this is a term which is used in law . 
  what is not a term in the german law is * `` the amount of cercion '' * , which in this case would have been zero . 
  in other words : the thing we are talking about is legal competence . 
  a child is not * competent * to decide in a legal way . 
  it 's just like voting . 
  you can not vote until you are 18 . 
  however , a person could technically , based on its maturity , not legally however , be able to decide which party or person he or she should vote . 
  or what do you think happens on your 18th birthday , suddenly your mind changes in such a profound way that all the magic of maturity streams into your soul ? 
  all right then . 
  i do n't have to argue with you in any way , because i know that this is the way things are handled in germany and most likely the rest of the world . 
  if you have sex with a person that is younger than 14 and the person agrees , you will be sued for child abuse ( \u00a7 177 stgb ) , if said person does not agree , you will be sued for child abuse and rape ( \u00a7 177 and \u00a7 178 stgb ) . 
  i actually do n't care how your interpretation of the law here is . 
  i let the judges do that , and they are on my side of the story . 
  and i do n't know with how many pedophiles you have contact , but i do n't care either . 
  edit : oh and another thing . 
  the german law does n't even contain the term `` consent '' . 
  the fact that the person agrees or not does n't even make a difference in the law that is about child abuse . 
  this discussion is not only stupid , it is also senseless . 
  edit 2 : added classiness . 
  of course you can give consent . 
  this is a legal definition that guarantees that people who have sex with minors are still getting punished . 
  it has nothing to do with your mental abilities , your freedom of mind and the fact that you agree on something , i. e. give consent to something . 
  if a law could tell me what goes on in my mind , they sure as hell should make one that makes me happy all the time . 
  edit : to answer your question - you can give consent in daily life . 
  you can not give consent as it is seen by law . 
  i 'm sure you understand that . 
  sorry , not ` meaning ' but ` use ' . 
  i see peolpe here saying that you can not consent to sex because you are below the * age of consent * . 
  that might be true in law ( as a definition of pragmatic value ) , but of course it is n't like this in the `` real world '' . 
  i do n't call you an idiot , but you are not right . 
  `` consesual '' and `` age of consent '' are not a part of the terminilogy of the german law , and it has two meanings in english as well . 
  the right word for your point of view would be agreement . 
  you can agree to have sex in germany if you are younger than 14 or have sex with somebody of that age . 
  it is still illegal and considered as `` sexual abuse of children '' ( 176 stgb ) , but since both parties agreed on it , it is not rape or sexual coercion ( 177 stgb ) , unlike rotherham . 
  yes , she had `` sexual contact '' with two germans . 
  yes , she agreed with it , i. e. it was consensual after this definition . 
  yes , it is illegal . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why is france , uk and spain relatively low , while germany , concerning the merkel drama , is still quite good ? 
  and why are poland and hungary * so * well seen ? 
  edit : i fully misunderstood that chart . 
  in turkey it 's the same as in hungary . 
  people do n't even have food . 
  it is obvious that europe has to take responsibility and do its part . 
  plus , i 'm really impressed that you would deport refugees who did n't do anything wrong . 
  seventy years ago , the us taught us how to respect one another . 
  i wonder why they failed teaching you . 
   * `` which is why anti-eu sentiments are so low right now right ? 
  '' * the anti-eu-sentiment is low because of fear mongering , xenophobe and islamophobe people like you . 
  who accuse people of rape and terrorism despite they are not responsible for anything of that . 
  who condemn a whole people because of so few black sheep . 
  the real extremist here is you . 
  and you are applying for the job as a jester ? 
   * `` it would have been better for everyone involved to forcibly deport them before they started problems like rape/terrorism which everyone saw coming . 
  '' * what , deport refugees ?
