  not a particularly clever one , but still . 
  i saw the ww2 map with nazi germany as the worst map so i tough let 's put the best one , so i did n't really look if there were other ones like it . 
  it 's not complete shitposting but i am still joking . 
  do n't know why but to me it looks like something coming out of a game . 
  i think you heard of : i do not agree with what you have to say , but i 'll defend to the death your right to say it . 
  for the italian speakers , [ la7 ] ( http://la7.it ) at 19:30 will have a special about the election with the results and everything . 
  available via livestream , too . 
  it really has nothing to do with defending illegal immigrants , he could be working on a story on why coca cola is better than pepsi for all we care . 
  it 's about an italian journalist being detained without even any charges against him . 
  since we are talking about a journalist , it has to do with freedom of expression which is something quite dear to democratic countries . 
  if you go around telling people to join isis , how is that not aiding terrorism ? 
  of course you can have a conversation about isis and you can say what you think , but there is a difference between an actual conversation and wanting people to join a terrorist group . 
  is n't aiding terrorism a crime in finland ? 
  we are n't the usa , we have freedom of speech but hate speech is illegal here , mostly due to fascim/nazism , so obviously isis and terrorism are n't protected by free speech . 
  i guess it all comes down to italy having experienced immigrants for a long time , the migrant crisis is a new thing for northern europe but the truth is that every summer there are people from africa coming to italy , you could have heard of the island of lampedusa , and honestly the other european countries did n't really care and left italy alone in dealing with it . 
  i think italy has the solution , deport the extremist imams . 
  honestly if they are extremist and aiding terrorist i do n't see why they should n't be deported . 
  since even local islamic communities do press charges against these people , i do n't think deporting them to be a bad thing . 
  well in the first world war italy was on the winning side . 
  in italy the biggest party according to the polls , 5 star movement , wants some sort of universal basic income and i was wondering if there are other major parties that share this idea in other european countries . 
  in the eu there are talks about taxing robots to pay for the universal basic income , something like that would change our society in a fundamental way which could be either really good or really bad . 
  silvio berlusconi, 
  i would put lega nord on that list and not cinque stelle , they are both populist parties but while lega nord is a far-right party , the 5 star movement is a centrist party and more similar to en marche than the front national . 
  i think that would be impossible when it comes to italy , how can a single person represent the prevalent opinion of the country when often there is no prevalent opinion and there are at least 3 sides to everything ? 
  mostly earthquake drills with some fire drills as well . 
  i am sorry that you guys have to do the school shooter drill , having it become a frequent thing is horrifying and i hope you guys find a way to prevent them from happening . 
  the reason is quite simple , the general unemployment rate might be the same but the youth one is way much higher which makes it harder to find a good job . 
  the south has big problems and i think only a drastic and complete change on how we deal with it could help . 
  if you have a good job , this country is actually a really good one if you live north of rome and a decent one if you live south of it . 
  it is not weird that we complain so much , italy is an important country at the global level and therefore we expect more from it because we know it could be much better . 
  broke the house , 0/10 would not recommend . 
  i do agree that either the provinces or the regions should be killed but i do n't know which one should be the one that has to die . 
  1-10 where 6 is the passing grade , in university it becomes 1-30 where 18 is the passing grade . 
  you can get 30 e lode if you do outstandingly . 
  are there some popular superstitions linked to the old greek mythology ? 
  if you just look at technology we went revolution after revolution , for example from 56k modems on your home computer to smartphones always connected to internet , i mean we even have cars that can drive themselves . 
  if you want to go political , brexit is surely an historical event since it 's the first country to ever exit the eu . 
  probably volleyball . 
  i would say we already saw lots of historical events , the last 30 years have been quite eventful . 
  15-20 , i think the maximum to be 30 before they have to divide it in 2 smaller classes . 
  because i think that to live only on a small lunar base and never go to earth , because the gravity would be too much for your organs , would be really sad and miserable . 
  it makes sense to make a research centre on the moon but an actual colony with normal people does n't make any sense , a lunar base would help the scientific efforts and could be used to resupply ships from earth . 
  while having normal people on a lunar base would make no sense , having people settle on the base would make even less sense . 
  a space colony would and should be just a research center , the same way as antartica . 
  staying 1 year on the iss can cause problems to the body , living something like 20 years on the moon or mars would make going back to earth impossible as we would have a new weird breed of humans that ca n't live on earth . 
  what about tizio , caio and sempronio ? 
  never heard of it , from a quick google search looks like a combination of ruzzola and bocce . 
  i did n't know about the two factions , i would say that the first faction failed and the second have too much free time . 
  imho languages are mere tools to communicate and integrate , if you take away the culture and history of a language to make an artificial one , it should be only with the objective of making a lingua franca and esperanto failed in doing it . 
  latin is used in the ecclesiastic world so there are more than 0 latin speakers , it is a dead language because it does n't have native speakers . 
  esperanto 's goal is to become a lingua franca and it failed when normal people do n't know that esperanto even exists . 
  there are probably more people that speak/read latin than esperanto so yeah , it failed its mission . 
  just to make it more obvious , latin is a dead language and doing as bad or worse than a dead language is n't a good thing . 
  you said the sport is about the social aspect and not the game itself which means it is n't considered a good sport . 
  with that said i do n't see how just not liking the sport would be enough to be anti-american . 
  i do n't get it , if it is only the social aspect and the game itself sucks why not watch something else ? 
  even shitty movies get better when watched with friends , does n't mean that you would go telling people to watch shitty movies . 
  it was meant as an exaggeration . 
  esperanto is a failed language since even if it is more than 100 years old , the average citizen does n't even know of it existence let alone speaking it . 
  i would rather go back to write scientific papers in latin than learn a failed language like esperanto . 
  i am seeing interest in italy , is it because of the boot ? 
  we are the romance country , we have to marry for love . 
  fuck france and steal back the mona lisa while france is still sleeping . 
  marry spain because they pretty much speak the same language . 
  kill the vatican city . 
  f1 because ferrari and motogp because valentino rossi . 
   `` before winning the 2012-13 league title , we were getting ready to play against lyon . 
  carlo ancelotti was a bit tense , so ibra approached him and asked him if he believed in jesus . 
  ancelotti said yes , so ibra told him : ` good , so you believe in me . 
  you can relax ! ' '', 
  if we had an actual real ai we would be able to automate pretty much every job ever and the concept of a job would probably die . 
  with the concept of job dead , the society as we know would be massively different and the concepts of capitalism and communism would n't have any place in it . 
  honestly i still would choose # 1 because i do n't have the arrogance to think that i am always right . 
  to add to that , it 's not like it is easy to decide what is `` right '' and often there is n't a `` right '' choice but just a matter of different pro and cons . 
  think it this way , if in a democracy every decision made is against my beliefs maybe the problem could lie in my beliefs and not necessarily in the country . 
  scenario 1 , for the average citizen the problem with dictatorships is n't when you agree with them but when you inevitably do n't . 
  onu should become more like the eu in the future , the world is becoming smaller because of technology and i think having mankind united the way the eu unites europe would be at least interesting . 
  it does n't have to be onu and it could be a new organization that can even be made of other organizations like the eu instead of single member states . 
  when i say `` in the future '' i am not even talking about my lifetime but probably even more . 
  that is not completely true since capitalism is n't only applied to the short term . 
  you can be a capitalist in the long term as well , for example the eu helping poorer countries to be able to sell them stuff in the future is capitalistic in nature . 
  michael schumacher, 
  you forgot at least caciotta and pecorino with maybe gorgonzola as well . 
  they like the vatican ? 
  we are the ones that have it and we still do n't like it very much . 
  i totally agree , on a humanitarian level i would like to help them and if the eu wants to do something to help the country i could agree but i do n't think makes sense to take refugees from a country on the other side of the atlantic when there are two continents worth of countries that can help them . 
  the she-wolf because if she did n't help romolo and remo , society would be completely different today . 
  that is for sure , i do n't think he really understood what the eu even was if the meeting with merkel is anything to go by . 
  oh i agree with you , i do n't think that he necessarily likes the eu but now he knows that he has to deal with it and it 's better if he does it as an ally . 
  i would say the eu managed trump very well , it made trump pro-eu and pro-nato . 
  as much as it sucks , the eu does n't care if trump guts healthcare , as long as the us stays a democracy and he does n't start another war than he will be fine . 
  to make it more controversial , what if it happens after the end of the negotiations when the eu and the uk come to an agreement and she goes ... nope , i prefer staying in the eu . 
  well it says after brexit so i would expect it to happen at least by 2020 so it would be the start of the next decade  on a more serious note , is the population against the idea of the eu and therefore losing sovereignty or it is mainly about fishing ? 
  do you think stricter regulations on fishing would be enough to change public perspective on joining the eu ? 
  vladimir putin of course , how can you not admire him ? 
   as a people we also tend to have a pessimistic outlook on life ( this is one of our flaw ) giving the impression that we hate it here or that we think the country is going to hell but deep in our heart we really like our country , we just are never satisfied and always think it should / could be better than it is . 
  why are you describing italy ? 
  maybe iceland/norway , they did n't want to become members because they wanted tighter regulations on fish and the uk opposed them so now that could change . 
  i think the common eu defence should help to combat terrorism and i think macron is in favour of it . 
  i think the idea is that each country would make it 's own regions based on regional identity .
