  i do n't think anyone can be against whistleblowing when done right and making it legal can help in the process of doing it right . 
  since germany , the uk and france like the idea of introducing backdoors into pretty much everything i just hope the eu makes them understand how adding them is going to hinder any cyberdefense effort . 
  i hope they can make improvements on the digitalization front and that the cyberdefense gets tackled in a pragmatic manner where the solution is n't to add more back-doors . 
  well he is a politician that is for sure , he told reasonable things as well as stupid things . 
  he was wrong on some things like the agreements since they are made between countries and do n't change whenever one side changes the government , but he was right on some things as well like the missing migrants in germany being a serious issue . 
  a few bits of something that does n't exist is n't much now is it ? 
  i see lots of people saying that this goes against women and while it 's true you have to remember that it 's not like guys are n't affected by this as well . 
  when the morning-after pill is needed , the guy is just as interested in it as the woman . 
  why ? 
  i get what you mean but they are gold mines , just this week trump said he wants to put solar panels on the wall ... how do you top that ? 
   turning us into second-class states as part of your `` multispeed '' europe . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  why are the v4 countries against the multispeed eu ? 
  if they do n't want to lose sovereignty and integrate more , would n't a multispeed eu where they choose which parts to join be a good thing ? 
   our aim is for it to be ambitious and inclusive , so every eu country is invited to join . 
  probably there still will be countries bitching saying they were forced into it and had no voice . 
   the prosecution and the defense both indicated that they intended to challenge the verdict . 
  i think they should get jail time and at least be banned from ever entering the eu again . 
   tourists with pesto jars of up to 500g can ask for a special sticker in exchange for a $ 0.50 ( # 0.44 ; $ 0.55 ) charity donation - although the airport says many are donating more . 
  this is good, 
  why would a database be against human rights ? 
  we have a database of normal citizens , why should n't there be one for illegal immigrants as well ? 
  they would n't get another identity , at least not legally , if there is a database with at least their fingerprints . 
  i taught that if they are found to be illegal it means they have been processed and therefore there would be a database . 
  big boss ? 
  should n't they still be ordered to leave ? 
  how would germany know they are illegal if hungary does n't flag them ? 
  can someone explain to me hungary ? 
  people found to be illegally present : 536k , people ordered to leave : 42k . 
  this is something i do n't get , how does it even work ? 
  if there are shops it means there are suppliers so someone must be producing it , since you do n't have to be a genius to figure it out i do n't understand how does n't the police close pretty much every shop since they all buy it illegally . 
  can you explain to me why even bother with the 5 plants/person limitation if you can sell it/buy it ? 
  if you can sell something why would the state limit the amount you can sell to just 5 ? 
  if you do n't legalize drugs to take them away from the organized crime and therefore hurt it , why even bother ? 
  can someone explain me how growing cannabis is against the eu criteria ? 
  the netherlands allow the use of it so how is growing it bad ? 
  i think albanian should legalise it and crack down on the organized crime , that amount of money can be taxed and help the country . 
  did n't think the zombie outbreak would start in greece, 
  i trust only the nigerian prince, 
  italy entered libyan waters 12 times in the whole 2016 and every time it had the authorization from the libyan government . 
  we lower tariffs on japanese cars . 
  because libya is n't an italian colony but a sovereign state . 
  i would say that between 27 and 32 in the middle of the day in summer is n't that hot , i actually like where i live since the summer is n't too hot and the winter is n't too cold . 
  can we declare italy as not safe as well ? 
  we have the mafia so it 's not safe here . 
  on a more serious note why does n't malta get shit from the eu ? 
  they have the closest safest harbour . 
  why did you vote to leave ? 
  what changed your mind ? 
  i would imagine the reasons that led you to vote leave should still be valid , right ? 
  that 's weird , either you are not informed which i do n't think to be the case or the government might have a big involvement in the matter and decided to not disclose everything . 
   it seems perfectly okay to preach hate in europe as long as it 's islamic . 
  tell that to the imams getting deported from italy . 
  going in libyan territorial water like that is illegal and can be considered an act of war , unfortunately libya ca n't patrol it 's own waters and that is why we are helping them developing a coastguard . 
  this is n't news in italy and some ngos are already under investigation . 
  with that said , it 's important to help develop the libyan coastguard since they can help to stop the migrants from even start sailing . 
  so it 's either an act of war or you ca n't do anything about it ? 
  i think they should have the diplomatic immunity only inside the embassy and be under normal laws outside of it . 
  no one should be above the law . 
  this is something i do n't understand about diplomatic immunity , where are the limits ? 
  what happens if a diplomat engages in terrorism for example ? 
  if a diplomat kills a politician , would that be an act of war ? 
   closed for no decent reason you still have n't told me the official reasons , i am pretty sure that if it closed there must have been some decent reason . 
  did the eu hire a new pr team ? 
  now everyone knows about the free roaming and that it comes from the eu , in the past they could have sent a man to mars and no one would have known . 
  something wrong with the sensor is actually quite possible , you would expect some of them to have problems . 
  i would imagine that to be a single case and not be the only reason why companies close in croatia , with that said there are plenty of eu standards and if the company had to close it probably was something important like health issues . 
  anyway eu standards are n't even forced since member state vote on them and if 28 countries manage to agree on some standards it means they are probably not that bad . 
  according to wikipedia on the 16th of june 1952 the italian chamber of deputies approved to enter in the european coal and steel community ( ecsc ) with 275 * yes * and 96 * no * votes . 
  to some degree it could be because it 's in a valley . 
  btw it 's 38.7 right now . 
  i guess the general population does n't think that made in croatia is good enough than . 
  if you see less stuff on the shelves is because people buy from competitors , companies do n't close if they sell enough . 
  it 's temperature in degrees celsius . 
  neither too hot nor too cold imho . 
  i took the screenshot from [ here ] ( http://www.meteonetwork.it/rete/livemap/ ) , it is a live map and the screenshot has been taken today at 14:53, 
  is n't * made in croatia * seen as a good thing there ? 
  here if something is * made in italy * it is perceived as higher quality and something to be desired over stuff from outside the country . 
  to that you can add how anal we are about writing where stuff is made and where they come from and you can understand how the made in italy on some sectors is still going strong . 
  well maybe you should read what you wrote yourself ... you obviously think the culprit is the government and the only fault of the eu is making it easier to live in a different country . 
  i understand how the freedom of movement could make things worse but all it does is make a bad situation more obvious , it 's like having a mayor that fucks up your town and you blame the government for giving you the possibility to live in a different town . 
  do people leaving croatia lose the right to vote ? 
  if they think religion is n't a factor in the terrorist attacks they are as ludicrous as the people that think all muslims are terrorist . 
  i guess living in italy gives me a more optimistic view , neither the right nor the left wants to leave the eu and even the 5 star movement does n't want to leave the eu , although some of them do want a referendum on leaving the euro . 
  honestly i think italy is a bit different mostly because here the poor would like to stay in the eu to have the possibility of going north . 
  we have * lega nord * as anti eu party but it 's a whole different thing that does n't even completely make sense . 
  croatia is n't even part of the eurozone , do you think that life is getting worse due to the eu or despite of being in the eu ? 
  if it 's because of the eu , why do you think that ? 
  if it 's despite of being in it , what do you think is the problem ? 
  i would say that if it 's not already the point of no return than it 's really close . 
  according to the polls there are actually few people that want to leave the eu with greece leading with 35 % . 
  with that said , you have to take into account the questions asked in the poll , for example i want to stay in the eu but that does n't mean that i would n't like some changes to be made or that you ca n't be critical on how some things are managed . 
  [ no they do n't ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2017/06/14171533/pg_2017.06.15.eu-brexit-00-01.png ) and [ this ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2017/06/14171532/pg_2017.06.15.eu-brexit-00-00.png ) is the favorability of the eu . 
  if you were talking only about the uk , it does n't really matter there because brexit will happen no matter what . 
  you can realize you like something when you might lose it . 
  to that you can add that brexit made the concept of leaving the eu a reality and now it 's not a matter of what could happen if you leave the eu but what actually does happen . 
  i think italy has been part of pr\u00fcm since 2009 . 
  in italy we speak italian , we have to learn english the same way they learn it in china so i do n't see why the lingua franca is n't enough . 
  do you expect a small family owned shop with 3 people : dad , mom , son to search for another employee that speaks chinese even if they ca n't afford to pay for it ? 
  to add to this , do you expect italians to learn not only english but chinese as well ?
