  public sector jobs can reduce unemployment , when people work they spend money and when they spend money that does generate economic growth . 
  i completely agree with you as i already said :  reform it significantly and have the eu parliament be like a real parliament the problem is that doing so would make it even more federal . 
   eu should change it 's economic models as well but in the different direction i think right now the problem is n't even about the solution but that there are no talks at all , when you hear only from germany and do n't really know what the others think than it is hard to find the right direction . 
  when even france is having problems it means there is an issue that either gets resolved or might lead to the end of the eu . 
   if you want to start a business you go to the bank and take a loan , if the austerity does n't want you to take the loan how are you supposed to start the business ? 
  this bit is meant as a metaphor , anyway jobs can be made both from the private sector or the public one . 
  the public sector can even employ the private sector trough contracts . 
  if it was 2/3 you could have a real talk , as of now it 's germany doing the talk and the other members doing their own thing or not even in the eurozone . 
  there is a difference in coming to a solution with a 2/3 majority and the impossible task of appealing to every single member . 
  the problem is that to have an economic union you end up becoming a political union as well , you ca n't really have one and not the other . 
  there is reason why the eu evolved into a political union , it is n't about a wet dream of a federal europe but a more practical one . 
  that article is pretty much bullshit in the way it is written , it gives the message : '' * italy tried fiscal transfers from north to south and it did n't work so the idea of fiscal transfers is wrong * '' . 
  the article wants you to think that the idea in itself is wrong since it did n't work without even talking about the reasons why it did n't work . 
  the problem in italy has been mafia and corruption , not the notion of of money transfer in itself . 
  you do know that the eu is at its core based on wealth transfer right ? 
  by the way , if you forgot it , italy and france are net contributors and are behind only germany . 
  why has it been decided to put those things on unanimous agreements and not 2/3 majority ? 
  unanimous agreements will always be almost impossible to get on pretty much anything . 
  because it goes against human rights , common law is below constitutional law which is below human rights . 
  there is a reason why we ca n't hold a referendum to have the `` an eye for an eye '' rule of law again . 
  the debt can be decreased when the country is doing fine , not when there is an economic crisis which by the way was n't caused by italy or its debt . 
  what i do n't understand is what is your solution , italy should n't increase the debt to invest in itself and come out of the crisis ? 
  should we go back to monti and have people set themselves on fire while the economy does n't get any better ? 
  we have a currency that makes no sense , we a have united fiscal policy and not a united monetary policy and there are only 2 solutions : either we get out of the united fiscal policy or we have a united monetary policy as well . 
  italy is n't a person and does n't have an attitude , it is a country made of 60 million people . 
  i know it is easy to humanize countries to make them easier to understand but that 's not what a country is , at least not the democratic ones . 
  i get that , but they either do something or have the eu die in 5 years when the anti-eu parties will rise to power . 
  italy is n't asking for german money but they have to explain how are you supposed to improve the economy without increasing the debt . 
  if you want to start a business you go to the bank and take a loan , if the austerity does n't want you to take the loan how are you supposed to start the business ? 
  so the eu does n't have the power to do it and the union of 4 countries with 2 founding members is n't enough to start the talks to extend the powers ? 
  what i do n't get is that germany usually talks about deeper integration , military for example , but ca n't agree on economic reforms ? 
  does n't deeper integration mean less power to the single countries ? 
  is that a valid reason ? 
  specially considering the eu is n't a country and managing itself is the only thing it has to do , you would think there is no amount of work that can be considered `` too much '' if it can make the union better . 
  italy has been influenced really a lot from the us after the war and now is really close to it , for example there is a fresh news about the f-35 being made in italy , the only place in the world outside the us doing it . 
   a lot of people would n't really care if eu was just a limited political pact between countries , but if it limits country 's independence , some people disagree with that the problem is that a middle ground is hard to find , there is a reason why the eu has become increasingly more political even if it started as an economic union . 
  with that said i think that the way forward is to reform it significantly and have the eu parliament be like a real parliament and able to do pretty much everything it should do , this would reduce the powers of single countries which would make the eu more `` federal '' . 
  i get that he wants austerity but how does his voice matter more than france/italy/spain / portugal all together ? 
  at the end of the day italy and france are funding members and you would expect them to matter as much as germany . 
  france/italy/spain / portugal together hold a big influence on the eu and i do n't think the rest of the member states are against a review on its economic models but for some reason changing something major in the eu seems always an impossible task . 
  what is keeping the eu from doing it ? 
  what i would like to know is if it is all about the social aspect , which is what you are talking about , or if there are practical reasons . 
  for example i would imagine that it could have some benefits to have such kind of documents in an hospital . 
  what are the arguments for having gender neutral on documents ? 
  i mean it in a practical way and not a social way , since the law is the same for everyone what are the practical reasons to need neutral gender documents ? 
  sure , but then do n't make people pay fines . 
  the fines should start after you get notified not before . 
  the reason is actually simple , it takes 3 years for them to check it but it 's not the citizen fault if it takes long , i should n't pay 3 years fines because they ca n't do their job . 
  btw the system has changed a lot since then and it 's gotten better . 
  problem is that people found out they had debts with equitalia even if they paid their taxes following what the accountant says , during the crisis when it 's hard to keep the business going , finding you have to pay thousands of euro for something that accumulated taxes and fines for 10 years , because they do wait for the debt to get bigger before they let you know , it gets hard and paying the debts means closing the business and therefore having no job and no money to pay the debt . 
  now tell me if that sounds good . 
  the problem is n't collecting taxes but how they make paying the debt impossible and ending up even losing money to the country . 
  it really sounds like you have no idea on how any of it works , if you have debts with equitalia it does n't mean that you are a tax-evader . 
  the debts with equitalia have nothing to do with tax evasion , if you evade taxes than equitalia ca n't send you a bill . 
  why do you think it all happened after the economic crisis ? 
  it sounds like you either do n't know what tax-evasion is or do n't know what equitalia does . 
  on the recent primaries of the pd renzi won , gentiloni 's future is already well defined and it is a bit sad but on the other hand he is still going to be italy 's prime minister for a whole year so it 's hard to feel sorry . 
  oh monti , you mean when people literally set themselves on fire because of the desperation caused by him and equitalia ? 
  we do n't have a leader , since the last elections we changed 3 times letta -  renzi -  gentiloni and at this point we are just waiting for the next elections . 
  is he going to increase the czech 's gdp with cs : go skins ? 
  reading the article it almost feels like : russia we have the data away from home so do n't attack us , ok ? 
  what about albania ? 
  i would argue that having half the population christian/atheist while the other half does n't really practice islam could help ( never met an albanian who does n't drink for example ) but i would like to know what someone from a neighbouring country thinks about it . 
  with the italian colours you can have a basil/mozzarella/tomato flag . 
  it 's not about the colours but the horizontal thing , real nations go vertical , 
  the real question is : what were they drinking ? 
  vodka is n't enough to not sea a cargo ship . 
  now you have one of those weird 90 \u00b0 off flags . 
  as far as watson is concerned for example it can detect skin cancer with a 92 % success rate , but i guess i was n't clear enough about one thing : what i am talking about is n't here and it will take probably at least 10 years for it to be a real concern but it does n't mean that we should n't discuss it already and start thinking what kind of measures we will need to take . 
  my `` fear '' is n't speculation , it is n't a matter of `` if '' but `` when '' and let 's be clear here : as far as i am concerned i am fascinated by actual ai as a computer science student , so i would say fear is the furthest thing from what i feel towards the new automation revolution . 
  when i say fight robots i do n't mean it as in `` the robots are bad '' but as the advancement of ai could `` kill '' a really high number of jobs , which i think is good because it would advance mankind , but on the other hand could leave us with too many people left without a job and the impossibility to find a new job . 
  when i talk about robots i do n't mean the factory robots that have been a thing for a long time , i mean ibm watson already starting to be able to replace doctors . 
  the whole transportation industry is going to change drastically with already selft-driving truck operational and not far from being deployed . 
  the recent ai advancements , mainly due to the deep learning approach , will either kill or seriously reduce jobs in every sector so i am considering some sort of ubi to eliminate the `` find a job to survive '' paradigm and make it `` find a job that you like because you will not starve to death without a job '', 
  the eu has a parliament , how is it not political ? 
  i get politician lying but it 's not an elaborate lie , it 's like they start saying the sky is purple so i look up , see blue and go : yep it 's purple . 
  honestly i do n't get it , if the only reason you changed from remain to leave is because you do n't want a political union than what do you think the eu has been since it changed its name ? 
  since it 's been a political union for a long time i do n't get this sudden realization that changed your vote . 
  what you are talking about looks like an help to families based on the number of kids , something already in place in italy and other eu countries . 
  the ultimate universal basic income idea is : you exist -  you get something like 1200 $ / month , the most important thing is that you still keep the ubi even if you have a job ( maybe just lowered ) otherwise no one would want to work . 
  since you guys seem to have problems on agreeing even with health care i would imagine that universal basic income would have a really small amount of supporters . 
  ehi we are talking about italy , you never know when we are going to vote , 
  let 's talk about italy , the reason we are behind is quite simple : it 's not about men not hiring women but women that do n't want to work in it . 
  in my province there are 2 high schools with it as specialization , well there were a total of 2 women out of 40 people , but hey maybe when you go to university it 's better right ? 
  first year of computer science , we started almost 100 people of which a gran total of 5 women of which only 2 graduated . 
  that 13.8 % is even high if you consider how many women have an it degree in italy . 
  italy is n't that much at risk to be honest , the only party that wants out of the eu is `` lega nord '' while `` movimento 5 stelle '' does n't like euro but still likes the eu very much . 
  macron + schulz/merkel should change the euro-zone policies which in turn could change the m5s party outlook on the euro . 
  there are plans to make an eu army , if i recall correctly france/germany/italy / spain are all pro eu army but you have to wait the end of elections to know what direction this project will go . 
  i am pulling this number out of my ass , but probably at least a 90 % of europeans do n't want turkey in the union . 
  so at the end of the day the reason the uk ca n't deport the guy is because of laws written by the uk . 
  to me it seems the one who blocked the extradiction was the european convention on human rights and not the eu , and if i am not wrong it was originally wrote mainly by the uk so i do n't get how is it the eu fault honestly . 
  maybe , probably , i am missing something . 
  could you provide some links ? 
  i am curious to know the arguments used by the eu to block the uk , maybe it 's something specific to the uk ? 
  italy has been deporting people for years and the eu does n't seem to have a problem with that . 
  space exploration should n't be about countries but mankind , so the idea of nasa and esa working together can be only good news . 
  for me it 's impressive to see the massive road network and seeing cities that are still there with pretty much the same name , at least in my region . 
  it 's the first time that i see a roman map that much detailed . 
  i mean , that 's the joke .
