  when you go to make a graph out of it , it automatically cuts it in the same way . 
  anybody who understands a graph can see that since the minimum is set to 75 it means the differences are small and therefore it does what it is supposed to do . 
  if you ca n't see the differences what is the point of the graph though ? 
  as i said , imho it 's okay since the axis is correctly labelled . 
  as far as i know in federations like for example germany/switzerland every citizen 's vote has the same weight no matter how big the regions are . 
  it 's in the norwegian sea , i don ' think there are pirates there . 
  if the one that decides is the eu and not germany/france it means that every citizen is the same and every vote should have the same weight . 
  with that said it would depend on what kind of federation we are talking about because a federation of countries would be different from a federation of regions for example . 
  maybe it is needed for the future where we will have self-sailing cargo ships that get unloaded by ai controlled cranes that put the containers on self-driving trucks that unload the contents directly in the factory using another ai based mechanism . 
  i said that mostly because in italy there is almost no campaigning for the eu elections so you do n't really choose based on eu policies but on preferred parties . 
  it 's not even that hard to understand , with the way our elections work the system is almost designed to change prime ministers often . 
  with that said , since we change them often we are used to it and it 's generally not as much as a big deal . 
  you should give it the benefit of the doubt , in this case if you had a 0-100 graph it would be harder to see the differences because of the scale and since it is correctly labelled i do n't think there where ill intentions . 
   initially the ship will be manned , but remote operation is expected to begin in 2019 and fully autonomous operation in 2020 , the companies said . 
  i guess it makes sense but i did n't know that we could have fully autonomous cargo ships in just 3 years . 
  i wonder in how many eu countries it is actually illegal without needing a specific law for it . 
  for instance you ca n't get in a bar wearing an helmet or any other piece of clothing that makes it hard to identify you . 
  what if the eu elections and the general elections are held the same day ? 
  would n't that help boost the turnout ? 
  it 's not like people vote for a different party when it comes to the eu elections anyway . 
  fascism is illegal in italy , the crime is called * apologia di fascismo * . 
  you do n't have to ask the thief , you have to convince the judge that you were in a dangerous situation and that you acted in self-defense . 
  probably he went to jail because it was n't self-defense , for example if you kill a fleeting thief that is murder and not self-defense . 
  in italy there is the perception that killing a thief will send you to jail but the truth is that most of the time it ends with a self-defense verdict . 
  hi resident us troll , how is it going ? 
  you do n't go to jail if you kill a thief while breaking into your house if it is self-defense . 
  of course there will be a trial were you would have to demonstrate that it was self-defense . 
  i hope we move towards eu wide copyrights , which means that netflix in italy will let me see all the content from every member state from italy . 
  there is no reason why i should n't be able to watch the french netflix for example . 
  we are a physical single market but not a digital one and it makes no sense imho . 
   * except for perhaps eritrean . 
  though , it has become clear that even they just visit their home countries for holidays , whereas those who fled the regime , normally fear for their lives upon return . 
  people that get refugee status ca n't legally go in the country of origin . 
  do n't think that eritreans get automatically refugee status and therefore they have to prove a threat to their lives to get it . 
  is this something other eu countries do as well ? 
  i get that , but it 's still italy , not a country known for it 's mighty military . 
  you understand why i was skeptical . 
   italy is a maritime nation and possesses advanced technology on naval guns as well as radar for vessels and patrol aircraft . 
  is that true ? 
  is italy 's navy actually any good ? 
  i do n't think eating that is healthy even for pigs . 
  even if we are against the death penalty we make an exception for people suggesting such atrocities . 
  strong and stable ? 
  i would imagine that to be true for most southern european countries . 
  it 's not like the italian diet is made of only pizza , for example there are plenty of vegetables and fruits in the diet . 
  with that said i was obviously joking and it 's probably not only a matter of food . 
  the mediterranean diet is healthy which explains how italians have a lower obesity problem and live longer . 
  eu countries should eat only italian food , that 's the only way to bring down obesity . 
  why is french not included in latin ? 
  let 's be real here , you do n't have to be poor or a rich asshole because there is a middle ground . 
  if the medicine is sold at a reasonable price it would still make the country a really high amount of money . 
  by the way you keep saying that people prefer to be rich but it would be the country to get the money and not the citizens . 
  if it is impossible it means that the cost to produce the medicine is that high so it would ' t be the country doing something bad for the sake of its citizens but just selling it at cost , but this goes against your premise of a country doing something bad . 
  by the way you do know that people protest for the stupidest reasons right ? 
  do you really think having the country sell the cure for cancer at a huge price would n't get protests ? 
  if it means not giving the cure for cancer at a reasonable price , the average italian would n't be happy . 
  it 's not like by selling such medicine for a more decent price it would n't still make a lot of money so by selling it at a ridiculous price you would see outrage and protests without a doubt . 
  to some degree that is true but if you take my example i really doubt the general public would allow the government to sell the medicine to cure cancer for such a ludicrously high price even if it would probably make italy the richest country on earth . 
   putin should about one and only one thing to make russia better place to live for average russian . 
   and if the best way to do it is burning down entire universe outside of his country , he absolutely should do it . 
  ( you can replace putin/russia with any other country 's leader/country ) that is not what our democracies are about , at all . 
  if italy develops a cure for every cancer ever and gives the medicine for free to the italians while having anyone else have to pay 1 million to have it , it would do just what you said but i very much doubt the average citizen would be happy about it . 
  making a distro is easy but if every single region of every country has a different distro it would make no sense . 
  a distro used by every eu member would make the switch easier because converting the existing windows only software to only 1 distro would be way easier . 
  the only way to make a switch to linux would be to have a new distro made and used by every country in the eu . 
  it would be cool to have an eu wide new os used in the public sector , unfortunately i do n't think we are going to get an euos . 
  i do n't get it , was n't brexit about the uk having to favor eu workers and missing out on workers from other countries ? 
  i am actually confused . 
  just to understand , how is it the eu fault ? 
  why are n't the local governments held responsible ? 
  he is the predecessor of trump and therefore the original one . 
  welcome to the real world , absolute freedom of speech does n't exist anywhere even in europe or in the us . 
  do you find that jailing extremist muslims going around recruiting for isis is bad ? 
  not necessarily because an eu army would n't mean that single countries ca n't have individual armies . 
  i tough that after triggering article 50 they would n't be involved in the future of the eu . 
  for example it would make sense to think that the uk should n't have to pay for an eu military and at the same time not have the possibility to vote on it . 
  legitimate question , why is it possible for the uk to be involved in any decision after triggering article 50 ? 
  fuck the electoral college , we want the popular vote , 
  to some degree they are right to be salty, 
  maybe it 's a tactical vote, 
  san marino gave us only 3 points , we should wage war, 
  the only good part is the 80 's background, 
  am i on drugs ? 
  i 'm only human after all, 
  never say never, 
  spain are you trying to send a message ? 
  blink if you need help, 
  those eyes tho , you could get lost in them, 
  am i the only one who thinks the host on the right has killed at least 10 people ? 
  is there a 3d model of him on the background ? 
  it 's banter , do n't take it seriously, 
  the host on the right is weird, 
  i could n't have said it better, 
  wait , what ? 
  here is the winner, 
  the girl does n't seem impressed, 
  epic sax guy is epic, 
  could you eli5 the reason ? 
  well italy sent the winner of sanremo so we did our part , 
  which countries are seen as favourites ?
