  australia is in eurovision so they are part of europe . 
  on a more serious note , i think this news can spark interesting discussions and i am curious on how will they tackle this and what we can learn from them . 
  i still like the idea of precessing the asylum seekers on an island but maybe it does n't have to be a detention centre , what if there is a small town in it instead ? 
  i guess it would be too expensive but than i really do n't know how to make it work . 
  here are some interesting bits :  * the detention centre was ruled `` illegal and unconstitutional '' by the png supreme court in april 2016 . 
   * the settlement was reached on the provision that the australian government denied any and all liability for the mistreatment and false imprisonment of people on manus island . 
   * the immigration minister , peter dutton , said settlement in the case was not an admission of liability , and that the government `` strongly refutes and denies the claims made in these proceedings '' . 
   * the cost of australia 's border policies had been $ 13.7 b to date  * getup 's human rights director matthew phillips said the settlement was concession that australia 's offshore detention centres were inherently abusive environments . 
  why would russia even want to meddle with albania ? 
  the country loves nato , has really close ties with italy and is an eu candidate country so i do n't see them becoming a fan of russia . 
  why is that the case ? 
  this is the first time i hear it and i though norway would not have any problem since the uk is already an eea member . 
  i think it 's a 2 way street , you can expect the country where you go to make your stay easier but you should adapt to the new country as well , you ca n't expect the country to help if you do n't want to adapt . 
  yes but this one has anime, 
  in italy the interior minister can do it without the need of a judge i think . 
   most european companies lack mandarin-speaking staff , and a large majority of business-owners do n't even know that such apps exist , making them blind to what 's being said about them and how they rank on chinese websites , not to mention how to compete . 
  so they want to come here alone without a group but still want to speak chinese ? 
  i do n't expect to speak italian in china so why do they expect people to understand chinese here ? 
  well not really , since it 's foundation it always had the end goal to become a political union as well . 
  i like the eu getting closer to japan, 
  well it happens to different degrees , for example in italy if the government thinks a non-italian citizen might be a terrorist or aiding terrorism , there is no need for a trial and that person can be deported . 
  do n't get me wrong , the eu would fully support the uk in stopping brexit and it would probably even change the rules if necessary . 
  the problem problem in stopping brexit is n't the eu but the uk which has no reason to stop it . 
  to be honest at this point i personally do n't want the uk to stay in the eu if it 's just because of the fear of losing economically , as i understand even the people that voted remain did so because of the economic reasons and do n't really want the eu to become a political union . 
   i fail to see how she can suddenly remove the right to a fair trial in the country like the fucking united kingdom it 's been a while since countries have kind of removed the right to a fair trial in case of suspected terrorists : the us does it , i think france does it , italy does it too and i would imagine the uk already does that as well . 
  i do n't think the echr is the only thing keeping countries somewhat limited but it certainly has a role in it . 
  that could lead to a * soft-brexit * with the uk becoming just an eea member like norway and iceland but that 's it , they will still leave the eu . 
  i understand that macron wants to leave the door open but the uk would have to convince its own citizen to stop brexit which is something that is never going to happen . 
  you should already be able to find some info about it , the problem is that as any legal procedure it will take a long time . 
  you do know that ngos are being investigated/prosecuted right now in italy , right ? 
  have n't they ever played any game in their life ? 
  after a , you should have aa , aaa , s , ss , sss . 
  can someone explain germany to me ? 
  how is it only 6 ? 
  i honestly think that in his case the eu does n't necessarily care about the refugees but wants to affirm its power . 
  if going against a majority vote has no consequences , than what is the point of having a majority vote ? 
  i do n't think the idea of the eu affirming its power to be wrong but i do think they chose the wrong issue to fight for . 
  i would go a step further , voting is n't only a right but a duty as well . 
  are there plans to go from here to a single eu digital market in the future ? 
  we removed the physical borders so i would imagine the next step would be to remove the digital ones . 
  i played specs ops the line , you are not the hero if you use white phosphorus . 
  italy is already on board but it is important that the eu defense project is used only for defense and at most un peace keeping missions . 
  putting the trolling on the background , when will the brexit talks even begin ? 
  it will probably take at least a month for there to be a new government in the uk and if they ca n't make it there will be other elections . 
  the eu than goes on a summer break until september . 
  at this point there are elections in germany . 
  probably in september or october there will be elections in italy too . 
  italy will take at least 1 month if not more to make a government . 
  at this point it 's almost christmas and i guess the eu has another mini-break . 
  at the end of the story , are the talks postponed until january 2018 ? 
  this one is n't from the 90s but it is eurodance : [ crazy frog - axel f ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k85mrpqvmbe ), 
  that took a sudden dark turn at the end ... 
  i did n't know that this was italian, 
  [ eiffel 65 - move your body ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3xjrk8cyag ) [ eiffel 65 - cosa rester\u00e0 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaii7j5c2wa ) [ eiffel 65 - viaggia insieme a me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-b1nyzco7_k ), 
  might be because that is my childhood but i miss 90s trash . 
   if i were to think of every possibility that comes to your mind and then write about it i would be doing nothing else for the next few days . 
  tourists are freaking tourists they do n't intend to stay here by design . 
  my point is that terrorist can get in your country even as tourist in theory and the only way to stop any muslim to enter would be by closing the borders and say fuck you to schengen . 
   i do n't know and frankly i do n't care the answer is never . 
   i 'd gladly agree to island idea , i 'd love to see tighter border control , immediate deportation of north african immigrants etc. . do you really like the island idea ? 
  it would n't just mean deporting illegal immigrants but taking refugees as well and they could go to poland , just to be sure you understand what that would mean . 
   i do n't see how bringing more and more people with very different cultural background helps anyone . 
  you do n't see how helping refugees escape from war help them or are you talking about us ? 
  if you are talking about us , we are not helping them to gain something , we are doing it just because it 's the morally right thing to do . 
   i 'd love to see tighter border control by the way , if i were pedantic i would say that border controls are quite tight here since we do n't have boats arriving in italy without us knowing it . 
  the problem is what we do with the boats we find but certainly not finding them . 
   we are bound by treaties with the eu to provide freedom of movement and be tolerant towards eu citizens , there was never anything about taking anybody else . 
  only eu citizens ... so like tourist coming to italy and taking a train to poland are n't part of the freedom of movement ? 
  what about an italian citizen born in morocco ? 
  what about a refugee that has a job in germany and wants to go visit poland ? 
   if there was even one islam related terrorist attack here it would be such a shitshow that even integrated muslim would need to flee and you 'd see the real racism . 
  what 's next ? 
  will romanians have to flee the country because of the hate for gypsies too ? 
   i realize that italians or greeks feel that poles are turning their backs on them , but you have to understand that we have n't had a single terrorist attack yet and again and again we are looking at civilians , children being murdered in broad daylight . 
  right , when was the last time we had an islamic terrorist attack in italy again ? 
  and we even have the pope in the country . 
   even if there was a single terrorist among 10k refugees , if he kills someone then nobody will give the lost lives back to his victims . 
  and the water is wet , any other breaking news ? 
  do you think only poland cares about the lives of its citizens or am i missing something ? 
  anyway , going to my initial post : i would like to hear an actual plan that still follows national and international laws and makes sense . 
  for example i would like an inhabited island to become an eu territory , not part of any specific member state , where we could process every asylum request with the full support of every eu member . 
  constitution of the italian republic art . 
  3  all citizens have equal social dignity and are equal before the law , without distinction of sex , race , language , religion , political opinion , personal and social conditions . 
  i called them racial laws to make it more obvious how much something like that goes against the principles of the constitution and i will not let islamic terrorist change my country 's constitution . 
  racial laws are n't only about race , judaism is a religion but the jews did n't have a good time . 
  anti discrimination laws are really important and i do n't want to lose them , do you think a muslim american citizen from the silicon valley should n't get in the country ? 
  what about the balkan muslims ? 
  if the government can make such a law for muslims , what does stop them from doing the same with italians for example in the future ? 
  if they get refugee status they are n't here illegally , if they do n't get it they get deported . 
  does the system work right now ? 
  no , but the problem is n't the law but a lack of enforcing it . 
  if people do n't respect the local law they go to jail or get deported , it 's not the far west here . 
  you would be fine with poland closing its borders forever and having racial laws ? 
  i thought we left the last century behind , the last time we had racial laws it did n't end well . 
  it 's not like i particularly care about muslims but if poland starts having racial laws what would stop them from enacting them for romanians as well for example ? 
  how would following the arab states make sense ? 
  i have higher standards for my country and let 's be clear here , we are doing things not only based on international laws but national ones as well because refugees are part of the italian constitution and probably part of several other eu members constitutions as well . 
  with that said , this politician was n't even talking about refugees but every muslim immigrant which would mean closing poland 's borders and have racial laws . 
  well after donald trump and his travel ban , it 's not hard to believe that the polish politician could actually want to do something similar . 
  he is n't talking about refugees but islamic immigrants , that would need closing the borders forever and have racial laws .
