  it 's not like poland has to split up but it would not be considered as a country but a region . 
  i think that is pretty much the idea of a federal eu of regions . 
  they are pretty much fine as they are , probably i would just extend the training needed and require regular `` exams '', 
  why would it be strange ? 
  unicorns are n't real while dragons are , 
  that 's more than i expected , for not getting single seats and having a worse view due to the size of the stadium , it does n't look like you get much of a fair price . 
   this country can be a lot better than it is now i think this is one of the reasons why people that move out like to `` shit '' on italy , it 's because they can see even more clearly how much our country could do better . 
  it 's not like italians that stay in italy do n't like to shit on the country . 
  til italian accent is supposedly cute . 
  i did n't know it , it must be crazy expensive if that is what you get on welfare . 
  in italy that would be a fairly high paying job where the national average is something like 1500 $, 
  just out of curiosity , how much does a ticket cost in the us ? 
  i would imagine it to be cheaper but have no idea how much it could be . 
  i would imagine that this is a typo and not the actual number , right ? 
  they are both taught , one is cursive while the other is called stampatello which is based on how printers `` write '' . 
  [ fratelli d'italia / inno di mameli ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aci2idhhehe ) , which technically still is n't the official national anthem . 
  we did n't really read many books from start to finish , it is more an analysis on the most important writers for every period with a closer look to italian literature . 
  since we start from ancient greece/rome and go to modern times , it would be impossible to read every noteworthy book from start to finish so it 's more an analysis where we read the most significant parts . 
  it does depend what kind of high school you choose as well . 
  the reason is quite simple , we had fascism and you did n't . 
  it is that simple and it 's not hard to understand why we do n't want them to ever rise again . 
  in the us you grew up believing in absolute freedoms while here we grew up with : my freedom ends where yours begins . 
  is n't isis propaganda illegal in the us ? 
  i tough that if someone says he would like to bomb washington and is searching for others to join him , it would be illegal . 
  if that is the case than even in the us there is no `` absolute freedom of speech '' . 
  the italian version of le pen is salvini while m5s is more centrist and does n't want to get out of the eu but still wants a referendum on the euro . 
  as of now the m5s is ahead of every other party on the pools . 
  well if you talk about food than i have to agree , let 's rule the word . 
  ca n't we be something like sipg ? 
  does it have to be pigs ? 
  i have the felling that for some reason the pigs union would n't be seen as a legitimate endeavour . 
  yep it is the same in italy , there are many differences between regions but we have sardinia being a bit more special since it is isolated from the mainland . 
  spain because at least i could kind of speak with them . 
  the leak is so much bullshit that i wonder if it is actually going to go the other way and help macron . 
  we shall go to war and decide once and for all which wine is the best wine . 
  i forgot to tell you that france ca n't use zidane because his head is considered a weapon of mass destruction . 
  a war with san marino would literally be : italy sends a letter : * we declare war on san marino * . 
  san marino responds : * we surrender * . 
  a war with france fought only with professional football players , the only way for the war to end is by surrendering and declaring the winner 's wine to be the best . 
  i do n't live in a city , 400 $ a month can get you a 100 m ^ 2 apartment and to buy it you would need 150 000 $, 
  even the premise is not a good one , communism is n't about making everybody equal by having everyone be rich but by making people poor . 
  if you take any 1st world country and made it a `` true '' communist country , it would become a shithole in 1 week . 
  unfortunately italy has a fake `` made in italy '' problem specially on food . 
  there are companies abroad that put the italian flag on their products even if they are n't made here which is why it is important to look for doc/dop/docg / igp/igt labels . 
  the paradox grand strategy player in me would become a dictator and conquer the world , wwiii bitches . 
  i would drop freedom and democracy all over the world . 
  the population would be advised to play fallout , just in case . 
  might as well but some bars on the windows at this point , detention is n't a thing at all in italy . 
  anyway you are missing out , monday to saturday 5 hours a day is way better . 
  for example germany wants to sell lots of cars so if they can help poland get richer it means there will be more people with enough money to buy cars . 
  if we make the pour countries richer , the whole union benefits from it and not just the single country . 
  the eu does trade with non-eu countries , the problem with russia is that they decided to start a war in crimea and the eu had to take a stance . 
  russia does n't cheer anti-eu parties because it wants to sell chairs , just looking at the situation in crimea it 's obvious that the reasons are political and not just economical . 
  ps.when i say russia i do mean the russian government and not the people . 
  i was n't really ever `` not allowed '' to drink , for example drinking a glass of spumante every new year 's eve since i was at least 12 while my first sip was when i was 4 years old by accident . 
  since i am not much of a drinker i guess i never started `` really drinking '' as in get drunk every week-end . 
  i guess going to school on saturday is n't common then . 
  clubs are n't really much of a thing in italy , you start at 8:00 and you are done at 13:00 and then yo go home . 
  do people in the us study more than 35 hours/week ? 
  pasta al tonno , the official university student food . 
  yes , for example in my region there were the picentes and there is stuff from them that pre-dates the romans , for example catacombs , but everything made before rome was n't nearly as complex and did n't stand the test of time as well . 
  the issue is that with turkey denying the genocide , the seed of nationalism can only grow . 
  to have peace you have to convince both sides and obviously the one that should take the first step is turkey . 
  i do n't agree , how can they forgive a nation that denies that the genocide ever happened ? 
  rome, 
  irish : [ metal gear solid soundtrack : the best is yet to come ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6miatf1gf4g ) i have no idea what it says but i like it a lot . 
  * french wine is better * . 
  it should get you a death sentence . 
  well you would need to add italy 's population as well . 
  the eu would need to make new prisons for 100 million people and that would create tons of jobs and get us out of the economic crisis , 
   there are n't that many good resources out there ( or motivations , if you 're english ) to help you learn or practice . 
  i get that you could lack the motivation to learn another language and it can be hard but there is a thing called the internet and most of it is in english , so i would say a lack of resources is n't the problem . 
  in theory in italy it is illegal to insult a god of any religion and there is a fine between 51 $ -309 $ , but only if you do it in public and it 's really hard to find cases where the law is enforced . 
  the law is only about gods so while * porco dio * can get you a fine , * porca madonna * is totally ok . 
  if it is n't a sin for the church , it 's not enough , 
  do n't know if sarcastic , but while croatia was a part of the austro-hungarian empire , italy was still divided so it 's only natural to have entirely different dialects between not only regions but even just cities . 
  i was n't clear , i meant that when we swear we do it in dialect and blasphemy is the cornerstone of swearing in italy . 
  to be honest i would expect that older countries would have smaller differences in dialect compared with italy which was one of the last major european countries to unify . 
  if you take a 100 % dialect speaking from milan and naples they would not understand each other at all , it 's not about small differences and if you consider sardinia their dialect is considered an official language . 
  * porco = pig * while * putain * should be * puttana * and it is usually used with * madonna * but nothing stops you from using it with * dio *, 
  well if you want to talk about languages , we have quite some diversity too since we usually swear while talking in dialects which can be really different . 
  in italian * hell -  inferno * is n't a swear word , even if you say just jesus christ it 's ok . what you have to do is come up with creative ways to insult god . 
  what is this `` no cents '' you talk about ? 
  555 is n't a real number , everyone knows that it should be 554,99 $, 
  the greek gods are very useful if you think about it , saying * f god * can get repetitive but if you use the zeus/apollo/hades etc. . . you never end . 
  just athena ca n't be fucked with because she has the best saints and ends up winning with that fucking op pegasus saint . 
  i 'm not much of a drinker but i would say the normal weiss beer i had while in munich is the best one i ever tried . 
  the satisfaction you get when you have a good * porco dio * is hard to experience with * porca puttana * for example , i wonder if * merde * is enough . 
  that 's what i would expect from our cousins . 
  where is the insult tho ? 
  should n't it be something like `` fucking jesus christ that fucking wanker '' or something like that ? 
  you should put more feelings into it imho . 
  is this kind of blasphemy seen as a sin in ireland ? 
  on american tv you often hear god dammit/jesus christ but `` fuck '' is too much so i wonder if in a catholic country like ireland it is different . 
  is n't fuck considered worse than for example god dammit ? 
  here `` porco dio '' is like the ultimate thing that you ca n't say for example on tv and is seen as an actual sin . 
  it 's not really a thing , i do n't know anyone who buys second-hand clothes . 
  truth is that when italy proposed to make the eu , it was actually a way to make the roman empire again without other countries knowing it . 
  i do n't know what is the best solution and i am not really well versed in the subject to even propose something , the only thing that i 'd like to be considered is the actual technological advancements that can make possible things though as impossible just 50 years ago . 
  for example people say that switzerland 's direct democracy works because it 's a small country , and if you think about it in terms of 1950s it made sense but now the world is smaller than it used to be .
