  well if the best defense is offense than why not go in all out war with russia ? 
  is it because the best defense is n't offense but deterrence maybe ? 
  start a war with russia then , if you win you will even have a bigger name on the map . 
  the difference is that estonia is a member of the eu and attacking it would mean declaring war on the whole eu . 
  as i said the eu had no obligations with ukraine and decided to tackle the issue under the diplomatic point of view . 
  i would say they are too clever in their interpretation of defence only . 
  i just know that i do n't want an eu military to take that path . 
  i am not versed on the `` linux is automagically more secure '' meme but there is not doubt that it is easier to make a more secure linux client than a windows client . 
  no problem , but you can see how a war to defend turkey would be different than a war to defend an eu member . 
  there are plenty more nato nations that are n't in the eu , for example turkey . 
  ireland is in the eu and not in nato, 
  i do n't have the statistics but i would n't find hard to believe that helping an eu member would have a higher support than a nato ally . 
  while nato is important , you you do n't feel any connection to the other allies which is something different when it comes to the eu where member states are much closer so it would n't be seen just as as a war to protect estonia but a war to protect the entire eu . 
  well the us claims every war they fought was a defence war so you ca n't be too careful when it comes to actually define what it means . 
  ukraine is neither a nato ally nor an eu member so there are no obligations , estonia would be a completely different matter . 
  those numbers do n't add up to 100 % but even then , italy has 51 % `` should not '' which is n't a big majority and it does n't even matter because foreign policy is n't decided by referendum but by the government that would uphold international treaties . 
  it 's not like we will be happy to go to war but if the eu does n't defend estonia , one of its members , than the whole defensive alliance would crumble . 
  defending estonia is like defending italy or france , every single member is the same if we want the defensive alliance to last and be `` feared '' ,, 
  many members do n't like going to war or straight up reject it in the constitution , like italy does , so i think it is important to make sure that an eu military will be used exclusively on defence or at most in peace keeping missions . 
   when i refer to political will , i 'm saying like spain willing to go to total war if estonia got invaded if tomorrow estonia got invaded every eu member would join the war , the eu membership is a defensive alliance as well . 
  with an eu army we would be more efficient but even without it we still would go to war if necessary . 
  i am so wrong that every server in the world is more secure than the clients used to access them . 
  i am talking about realistic solutions because to make a new os you would need an eu wide effort in both making it and adopting it which is n't going to happen any time soon . 
  switching from windows to linux is way easier and cheaper and would still increase the security level to a degree . 
  as of now the only reasonable reason for brexit that i saw was something like this : the population have been lied to and joined the eu thinking it was going to be just an economic union , since it became more obvious that the eu is a political union , they decided to leave . 
  this i can understand , i do n't share the same views but at least i can understand it , but the idea of reducing protectionism to combat globalization does n't make any sense . 
  well on the client side you do n't need the same security standards as the server side , just going from windows to linux would already be a huge jump . 
  i would like to ask our finnish friends if they could explain one thing , i often here that these statistics are higher in nordic countries because rape can include more things and the definition is broader . 
  is that true ? 
  if that is the case , in what way does it differ ? 
  the question above is just for my curiosity , they still remain scum and should go to jail and then deported from the country and never come back . 
  well the average office worker is increasingly becoming tech savvy and it 's not like the majority actually use windows , they often use a single software that for example might manage the database . 
  if the same software runs on linux , probably the worker would n't even notice the difference . 
  to be clear , i am not talking about the private sector put the public one so for example hospitals were i would expect higher security measures . 
   outside the eu we will be able to increase free trade and reduce protectionism . 
  as we remove tariffs , trade will increase . 
  this is something i do n't entirely get , are n't brexit voters against globalization ? 
  if so , how reducing protectionism help them ? 
  if that was actually the case , would that be an act of war ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  after the porn ban , people are watching porn at work and got viruses . 
  on a more serious note , why is it ok to use windows on public owned computers ? 
  linux is more secure and does n't tie the country with an american company over which it has no control . 
  here is the tl ; dr version : one small explosive device in a car , no one was harmed , damages to the car were limited , the police does n't exclude that it may be caused by an anarchist . 
  to some degree italy is actually doing something like that already , by training the libyan coastguard and having them stop ships from departing altogether . 
  strong and stable, 
  i am in the centre which is the best part of italy , the weather could be a bit better but summer is definitely almost here . 
  i do n't understand the question , you want to know in which part of italy i live or the situation of italy today ? 
  and if so , about what ? 
  we agree then , 
  maybe i was n't clear in what i meant , i meant that they should n't be forced to join other `` extra '' things like for example a possible eu military . 
  to be honest right now some of the balkan states see the eu membership as a way to get free money and do n't necessarily believe in the eu project , i do n't want them to make decisions on the military for example unless they fully support what the eu is supposed to be . 
  in my country some politicians blame the euro and the austerity but not the eu . 
  what i mean is that they should n't be forced to join everything at once , and it should be up to the countries once they meet the criteria . 
  i would like an expansion only after big changes to the current eu such as getting away from the veto system and start using more the qualified majority . 
  by then i think we should have the multi-speed eu and new members should join in a slower more natural way . 
  if we ca n't do anything because having 28-27 countries agree is impossible i do n't see how having more members would help . 
  that does n't sound fun , is it due to a lack of political will to increase regulations or the population just does n't care as much as us ? 
  i would prefer to fix it but the point is that there is a choice to be made , either we fix the euro with a deeper integration or we decide that we do n't want to continue with the integration path and go back to multiple currencies . 
  the status quo with this half assed state will change one way or the other , either by fixing the problem or by having the eu die . 
  i 'm talking about the quotas and not the `` refugees welcome '' . 
  the quotas were a way to share the weight between all member states instead of letting italy and greece deal with it alone . 
  do n't know about the others but italy would certainly be a good choice to have a defensive military hq . 
  this is what the italian constitution article 11 says :  italy rejects war as an instrument of aggression against the freedom of other peoples and as a means for the settlement of international disputes . 
  italy agrees , on conditions of equality with other states , to the limitations of sovereignty that may be necessary to a world order ensuring peace and justice among the nations . 
  italy promotes and encourages international organisations having such ends . 
  i am actually starting wondering how much of it is eu regulations and how much is italian laws . 
  i really tough that knowing the origin of everything i eat is eu wide . 
  i honestly do n't know how much of it is eu regulations or italian law but we already have a pretty good foundation when it comes to food . 
  it can be harder when there is a mixture of components from different places like pasta , but when it comes to single products it can go quite deep and it does n't stop to `` made in italy '' but you might know the region or even the city on some things . 
  is n't it like a bad thing for a psychiatrist to do an evaluation on someone without a proper check ? 
  as in losing credibility and maybe even getting out of the bar . 
  considering that the quotas are pretty much long dead , it probably would end with a fine if they lose . 
  would the population take it badly ? 
  would they ask to actually leave the eu ? 
  well maybe it 's only about italian products and not everything sold on the common market , that 's what i meant . 
  strong and stable, 
  would that be only the leaders ' reactions or would it translate to the population as well ? 
  i 'd like to understand why do you consider it about germany/france/sweden wanting multiculturalism and not about them helping italy and greece managing the crisis ? 
  i wonder what will hungary and slovakia do if they lose , will it again be `` brussels forcing its will upon them '' or will they accept it ? 
  i agree , more transparency is always better imho, 
  it is already a thing for both wine and milk, 
  i think more transparency is always going to be a good thing so i hope the european commission wo n't go against this . 
  would this new transparency law apply only to italy or the whole eu ? 
  it seems like the training of the libyan coastguard by italy is finally paying off . 
  i get the possibility to bluff , but what if a country legitimately wants to leave the eu ? 
  i do n't think that civil war should be the only way . 
  you are wrong , the 4th reich is the current eu so it would be the 5th reich  macron is already starting federalization talks since he wants a finance minister in the eu to manage the common budget and he talks about tax harmonization and doing something about the tax havens in the eu . 
  wether germany wants it or not , it is an important member in the eu and if it really wants to change the status quo , which i am not really so sure about , than it should start doing something about it now . 
  well if the country really does n't like it , they should have a way to leave the union . 
  i understand your point but not giving members a way out would be the biggest change ever to the union and it would go against the idea that the membership is optional . 
  the way you make leaving the eu impossible is not by making it illegal but by making it a bad choice . 
  when membership will mean common market , currency , laws , defense and so on , it would be hard for a country to say no to all that stuff because of a single decision unless it is a really important one and in that case they should have the possibility to actually leave . 
  to trigger the a50 i think they need a referendum and even than using it as a veto would n't be that easy . 
  as much as i like latvia for example , it 's not like them leaving would be a huge blow to the union when we can survive even the uk from leaving . 
  even if the a50 is used that way it would still be better than an actual veto that stops other countries to go forward . 
  honestly every time german people say this is a problem and then 2 nobodies like ourselves can come out with some kind of solution , what i do n't understand is : if this is the actual problem , the only thing keeping germany back than why you never hear from them any proposal ? 
  what i mean is that in the puplic eye it feels like germany might have legitimate issues but does n't even try to propose solutions and try to do something about it . 
  honestly i do n't know how you fix that problem , italy has the same problem now where a single italian vote has less weight than people in smaller countries and i would like every vote to have the same weight but then it would end up with the big countries deciding everything and smaller countries left without a voice . 
  i think maybe a possible solution would be that for example in a referedum , if more than 2/3 of the votes on any single country are against it , the referendum would be held again with the need of a 2/3 majority instead of a simple majority .
