  it would be a way to give a voice to any country and protect the smaller ones as well . 
  honestly it 's the opposite , the problem is n't germany doing too many things and becoming the new overlords but them doing nothing . 
  i think the veto is a stupid idea and would prefer a qmv while still going multispeed . 
  killing a50 would be impossible and even the pro-eu people would vote against killing it , unleass the eu becomes a country i do n't see a50 going away , and even then it 's not like federal countries do n't give its memebers the possibility to leave . 
  yep , if something does n't change there will be an anti-eu party in 5 years in france and that is for sure . 
  another thing that is quite sure is that italy will have m5s as the biggest party and if france leaves the eu , we will probably follow them . 
  just to understand , what does it change from the current situation where german , italian and french taxes go for example to poland ? 
  i know there is a difference between leaving under melenchon and leaving under le pen , but do n't you think that if french people hated the eu and did n't want anything to do with it any more than she would have gotten higher votes ? 
  i 'm not talking about the strength of macron 's mandate , what i am saying is that if french people were n't willing to give the eu another chance they might have voted for le pen , maybe not enough votes to win but higher numbers for sure . 
  there is already an african version of the eu and a south american one , they are new and really far from what the eu is but the idea of smaller nations following the eu example is already a thing . 
  to some degree even the second round means that , i know that le pen name is a really bad thing in france but if 90 % of french people wanted to leave the eu right now , without giving it a last chance , i am quite sure she would have gotten way more votes . 
  i taught they were against it , if they are in favour i would like them to have a more `` optimistic '' view . 
  i know that it would be pretty much impossible to do it across all the member states but what if they do it even just between germany/france/italy ? 
  what i mean is that we all know that doing this changes would be really hard but it would be comforting if germany tries to change things with the help of france and italy instead of acting defeated . 
  the idea is that the 6 core countries want to give up power to another body , otherwise there would be no point to doing the multi-speed eu . 
  with that said , i do n't really know how much every single country want to give up powers . 
  well if you are a federalist i think that is the best bet , it would be way easier to start with just france/germany/italy and than let others join than start with every member in a federation because there is no way that 27 countries are going to agree on anything . 
  i wonder if the multi-speed eu is the answer to that , it would be easier to reach a compromise between 6 countries than 27 for example but there would be other new issues so i 'm not really sure if it 's a good idea . 
  i would understand if he gave an alternative but i do n't see how saying : no one wants to do this , is going to change anything . 
  let 's be honest , it 's not like he has other ideas but he just likes the status quo . 
  imho , either we kill the euro or we fix it but we ca n't just keep it in this half assed state . 
   his remarks to german weekly die zeit followed comments from finance minister wolfgang schaeuble on tuesday suggesting that some of macron 's ideas were unrealistic because they would require politically divisive changes to the eu treaty . 
  is it hard to understand that * politically divisive changes to the eu treaty * are necessary if the eu wants to survive ? 
  macron 's victory means french people are willing to give the eu the last chance to do something but if schaeuble / merkel think they can keep the status quo than they will see the eu die . 
  it 's not like germany is actively stopping the turks to vote , what it is doing is just not helping them with having voting booths on german soil . 
  turks can still vote in any embassy and if turkey accepts voting by mail they can do that as well . 
  as i previously stated i do n't think the decision to be based on eu interests or about meddling with turkey 's politics , it 's just about principles and human rights . 
  of course it should , from an american perspective the death penalty is n't that bad but think if it was about enabling sharia law . 
  it 's not germany saying to turks to vote against it but something even more important , it is rejecting the mere possibility of such referendum ever taking place on german soil . 
  if this happened during the last referendum it would have been harder to answer but this time it 's about human rights so it gets quite easy . 
  unfortunately the article is in italian but the costs will not go down with volunteers because they really ca n't do anything in the whole process to help . 
  when you need a whole charter plane , a medic , two police officers for every person and even other stuff there is n't really any way that volunteers could help . 
  i thought it was 14 like in italy but still , why is it 18 for porn and not 16 ? 
  here is something i do n't understand , if it is legal to have sex when you are 14 why is n't porn restricted up to 14 instead of 18 ? 
  are internet boobies more dangerous than real ones ? 
  what i am saying is that since the right thing to do is deport the illegal immigrants ( i mean actual illegal immigrants ) , the problem is that the high costs really hinders the process , according to this [ article ] ( http://www.repubblica.it/cronaca/2017/01/18/news/in_74_per_scortare_29_migranti_cosi_funzionano_le_espulsioni-156271202/ ) to deport 29 people it costs 115 000 $ which is really expensive so we should find a way to make the process cheaper which in turn would facilitate the process of deporting illegal immigrants . 
  i think the point is n't just wanting the vote against the death penalty to win , it 's the notion that a death penalty referendum goes against anything the eu and it 's members stand for . 
  that would be actually a really good thing , most people do n't know how expensive is to deport even 1 single person . 
  the costs are huge and having a common agency with all the eu members would help a lot in reducing the costs . 
  i was with you until `` got used to drinking long coffee '' , you are not worthy of the mighty italian citizenship . 
  why do you have two cards in spain ? 
  is it just a bureaucracy thing that would make it hard to unite the two cards or is there some other reason ? 
  i would hope they are n't the majority , nonetheless having a law like this would certainly help . 
  having the state banning it is the first step into hopefully making it a distant memory from the past . 
  how does he convince the doctor ? 
  if to go around something that is illegal you have to do another illegal thing , than the law works as intended . 
  from the article :  the progress party in norway voted on saturday in favor of a law banning ritual circumcision of children under the age of 16 again , how is it not illegal yet ? 
  how is it not illegal yet ? 
  the difference is that in italy we always had a card for healthcare , the difference is that the newer versions work even across the eu . 
  the one we have now is n't even just for the hospital but can do multiple stuff , it even functions as a certified email . 
  is n't it needed when you go to any hospital in the uk as well ? 
  the best part is that i did n't even had to go anywhere to take it , the one i have now came by mail without me even having to ask for it . 
  well in italy you have to use it even if you are an italian citizen so i do n't see anything wrong with spain asking for it . 
  you are talking about [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/79/tessera_sanitaria_italia-fronte.jpg ) ( [ back ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/de/tessera_sanitaria_italia-retro.jpg/1920px-tessera_sanitaria_italia-retro.jpg ) ) right ? 
  i wonder what it would feel like to do that walk , i would imagine that it would dawn on you the weight and significance of becoming the french president , one of the most powerful figure in europe and the world . 
  italy has lots of almost ghost towns that have this kind of plans , the only issue is that since these places are remote it means that internet access is n't even decent . 
  in italy discrimination based on race , sex , nationality ecc ... is illegal . 
  you ca n't open a bar and put a sign that says no romanians for example . 
  i honestly wonder if they came out with the 100bn figure just to make 60bn feel like a good deal . 
  of course the legal team is n't gong to say : yep the client is xenopohobic , but it still remains illegal if the reason they gave is `` they steal cars '' and he can prove it . 
  if the reason is : `` because romanians steal cars '' , then yes it is still illegal . 
  i think the problems with referenda can be solved or at least mitigated by needing a qualified majority ( 2/3 majority ) and being more frequent . 
  it 's not even necessary for all of them to be binding . 
  i 'm quite sure that this is actually illegal . 
  is loss of national sovereignty a good argument tho and i do n't even mean it in the `` muh soveregnty !!! '', 
  kind of way . 
  the referendum is the most direct democracy possible were you cut the representatives , instead of having 28 prime ministers you replace them with the actual population . 
  i get that referendums can can have problems , for example a 50 % vote would split the eu in two , for that reason i proposed something like at least 60 % or maybe even 66 % on important issues . 
  that 's for sure , just hope we do n't end up in a war with the other friends in order to take the last pizza . 
  the problem is , you would end up paying more and ca n't `` bully '' the restaurant without the numbers . 
  jokes aside i do n't really know how it works , since it 's in the first part of the fucking constitution , you know the most important one that talks about the fundamentals of a democratic republic , i do n't understand how they can get away with it . 
  i would imagine there is some kind of legal loophole but when we are talking about the constitution i do n't really understand how is it `` legally '' possible . 
  the scariest part , for me at least , is that if this article of the constitution ca n't be enforced then what stops the country to take away fundamental rights like women voting for example ? 
  other than a civil war i mean . 
  i can see only two possibilities : either he does n't get fined at all or the fine will be the minimum possible . 
  i find hard to believe they will ask 25 000 $ for god dam blasphemy . 
  problem is that you all end up starving to death then . 
  number per capita are important but even the absolute numbers matter . 
  finland for example pays 15 % more per capita but its total contribution is almost 10 times less than italy . 
  i do n't mean that as in : italy matters more than finland but as in : it should at least have the right to be heard and start a discussion . 
  i 'm not saying that the group has 2/3 , as you are pointing out it is 28.6 % so almost 1/3 . 
  what i am saying is that to make the 28.6 % into 66 % is something that maybe could be worked towards with deals and compromises but making it to be 100 % is in no way possible when even 99 % would be not enough . 
  if having 2/3 is hard to swallow for states , they could make it the threshold that triggers an eu wide referendum were instead of the usual 50 % +1 you can make it a 60 % requirement . 
  why are n't eu wide referendums a thing ? 
  the best thing is that italy in theory ca n't sell weapons to countries at war or countries that do n't share italy 's article 11 of the consitution :  italy rejects war as an instrument of aggression against the freedom of other peoples and as a means for the settlement of international disputes . 
  italy agrees , on conditions of equality with other states , to the limitations of sovereignty that may be necessary to a world order ensuring peace and justice among the nations . 
  italy promotes and encourages international organisations having such ends . 
  the are so good at their job that you do n't hear about it , the swiss intelligence community is so much secret that we do n't even know its name . 
  the thing is that you can tell a sovereign state what to do , that 's what the eu is about . 
  if the eu could n't enforce its rules , which it even has trouble with , what would be the point in it ? 
   all things not explicitly assigned to the eu are reserved for the states . 
  every federation is like this . 
  every federation in not like that at all , what you are saying is that the states decide what happens in a federal level which is the opposite of a normal federation where is the federal level that decides what to leave to the states . 
  the eu is far from being like `` every federation '' . 
  it 's hard doing it properly when countries go muh sovereignty !!, 
  to make things clear , i do n't even want italy to get transfers but changes to the austerity policies , but you talk as if the notion of transfers is evil itself and pretend that the reason they have n't worked in italy is because of an intrinsic problem and not something more practical as mafia and corruption . 
  are you talking about the friendly cooperation that did n't want italy to spend money on the earthquake disaster ? 
  the union as of right now is full of contradiction , for example we want to have a common defence force while the borders have to be enforced by the single border countries . 
   we need guarantees that things will change and improve and that we wo n't be sitting here again in five or ten years with the same problems that we have today . 
  italians want that as well , it 's not like we want italy to get permanently subsidized .
