  i do n't have any problem with what you say but unfortunately the politician on the article says something completely different . 
  he does n't even talk about refugees , he talks about not having any muslim immigrant in the country which would need closing the borders and have racial laws . 
  of course not , but i would expect them to contribute to the discussion and bring forth ideas . 
  is the solution for poland to close its borders forever and say fuck you to schengen and to the geneva convention ? 
  what about anti-discrimination laws , how is n't illegal to decline the entry in your country based on religion ? 
  would a muslim from the us not be able to go to poland as well ? 
  what would stop poland from saying the same thing about italians in the future ? 
  it would be nice if for once they could give a response with an actual plan , that still follows national and international laws , that make sense . 
  i honestly do n't think that this is necessarily a bad thing , i rather being able to change a pm we do n't like than having to suffer with it . 
  for those that do n't know it , the plan is to have the general elections this september instead of waiting for march/april 2018 . 
  breaking news : the water is wet . 
  everybody is a hypocrite when it comes to transfers of wealth , bavaria complains and the rest of the country tells it to suck it up , meanwhile germany complains about italy and then you go in italy and the north complains about the south . 
  this is something i do n't get , if the groups believe that they are just a minority they should want them to be dealt with . 
  if they believe them to be the majority , it 's even worse because it means these groups are going against the minority that wants to integrate . 
  why is n't canada at least part of the eea yet ? 
  i know that it is a gradual process but it is still weird that either we prevent a dictatorship or we have to live with it . 
  i understand why we ca n't do anything about it but i still hope we can change that in the future . 
  so if for some reason tomorrow spain and portugal became old-style fascist dictatorships , there would be no way to take away their voting rights or kick them out of the eu ? 
  following the rule of law means following its own laws . 
  for example if you make a new law that goes against your constitution , you go against the rule of law . 
  should n't something like this be handled by the judiciary branch ? 
  how does this make sense in the separation of power democratic system ? 
  i do n't actually know how our public debt is structured but i would imagine that a good amount of it is in italy or other low interest rate sources , would n't we be able to pay a big part of the higher interest rate portions of the debt ? 
  we are talking about the rule of law , i honestly think cutting funds might not be enough if a country actually does n't follow any more the rule of law . 
  would paying that 1/4 of the debt decrease the current interest rates considerably ? 
  how much of our national debt would we cover if we sold all the gold ? 
  [ the grand tour already covered it , to some degree ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blxe2wtyngq ), 
  how can people do that with a straight face ? 
  if i were there i would be laughing my ass of . 
  let 's be honest here , i like renewable resources as much as the next guy and it would be really cool if right now they were enough for big countries but that 's not the case . 
  italy is a leading country with its solar energy but it still is n't even close to be enough and i think that unless we consider nuclear energy , we ca n't cover 100 % of the energy needed with just renewable energy right now . 
  italy said no to nuclear in a referendum and i do n't think that the population changed its mind since the reasons that led to the no are still valid today . 
  i do n't really get it , how hard is it to understand ? 
  germany ca n't trade with california but only with the us , how is it hard to understand that it is the same thing when he talks about germany and the eu ? 
  the free world thing does n't have blurred lines , it straight up does n't have lines at all anymore . 
  the line might have been the iron curtain which now does n't exist anymore . 
  even if you manage to defines some kind of line , how can someone be the leader of those sovereign countries ? 
  if the us was the leader of those countries , how come half of europe did n't follow them in the iraq war ? 
  the `` leader of the free world '' thing is just an america-centric thing were the americans think of themselves as leaders of earth , there is n't some big deep meaningful meaning behind it and that is why we mock them . 
  it 's more about mocking the us than anything else , no one actually takes it seriously . 
  if you think about it which countries are even part of the so called `` free world '' and what is even necessary to be part of it ? 
  turns out they are more pro eu than i was led to believe . 
  is n't the poseidon class too op ? 
  how are the other ships supposed to fight with the sea god ? 
   as if `` shooting at them '' was the only option . 
  of course it is n't the only option , i gave another option in the same sentence : diplomacy . 
   as if a unified eu military was needed to cooperate military operations . 
  it 's not like different militaries have worked together for thousands of years . 
  sure , the mediterranean sea is full of ships from germany/netherlands/poland ecc ... / s  as if we absolutely need to use diplomacy with libya , they are not even state anymore . 
  that 's just a deflection . 
  we may have to use some diplomacy with russia as they have some interests in the area . 
  in libya there is a state supported by the eu , talking with them and cooperating is called diplomacy , that is the only option unless you want to annex them to the eu . 
  not really , it would be nice if it was that easy tho . 
  in the first place the italian navy is the only one doing something about it since we do n't have a unified eu military right now , and even than the biggest efforts are on training the libyan coastguard . 
  there is a lot of diplomacy involved in the whole thing since we are obviously not going to shoot the ships . 
  would an eu military benefit more from a smaller but better navy or the current number of ships is needed ? 
  is there any country that does n't want to join switzerland tho ? 
  people see bags of money when you say switzerland . 
  why are stromboli and vesuvio together with etna by itself ? 
  and who had the awesome idea of naming ships with volcanoes ? 
   such a test would be riddled with problems , i agree , but unless we start attempting such approaches we 'll never develop them to be increasingly effective . 
  it has to be achieved incrementally , i think . 
  the thing is that when you go in another country you implicitly accept the laws of the new country so you already have to implicitly answer correctly some of those questions to enter the country . 
  if you take away the questions already covered by the law , you are left with questions that even the native population does n't agree on so making a useful test would end up being impossible imho . 
   if a muslim conforms and then later goes on to do the exact opposite , then they are guilty of perjury and will be banished from the country . 
  i do n't think you can convict someone of perjury for something like that , in the first place you would need them to answer under oath and even then they can always claim they just changed their views . 
  my point is that making an actually useful test is almost impossible imho, 
  great idea , just one little thing tho : why wo n't they lie ? 
  what prevents them from giving the right answers and than proceed to do the opposite ? 
  just to be sure , i 'm not talking about the triennale but the magistrale where some courses can be in english even if every student is italian while the others need just one foreign student to be taught in english . 
  if there is even one person that does n't speak italian , the course is taught in english in almost every university , even the small ones . 
  we are talking about university classes . 
  about dutch students having to receive their education in a foreign language . 
   just to let you know , it 's the same in italy and the magistrale courses are english only . 
  i know why it is the case , what i want is a single digital market and having eu wide copyrights . 
  this way netflix would have a unique library across the eu and i would be able to watch the german/austrian police shows . 
  i loved der clown when i was a kid . 
  imho this eu content netflix quota makes no sense when we do n't even have a unified eu netflix . 
  i would prefer having the possibility of having the same content across the eu before introducing any sort of quota . 
  if you need to know how much we hate the mafia , look at the [ 41-bis prison regime ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_41-bis_prison_regime ) made specially for them . 
  i love how the answer to drones is eagles . 
  it 's not only a fine , if you fail to vaccinate your child you lose them temporarily and therefore give the state the power to do the vaccinations which then gives the children back to the parents . 
  this is something i do n't understand , if the local government ca n't meddle with the religion side why are foreign countries allowed to do that ? 
  can someone explain to me why we can crack down on the mafia and even have something called 41-bis prison regime , but when it comes down to gypsies clans that exploit children they can protect themselves with accusations of racism ? 
  well it 's not like there are many natives left , with that said you could even argue that neither europeans nor american tribes were guilty because they did n't break any international law since there where none . 
  they absolutely did that but the european were way better at it , specially on the spanish side . 
  i mean , there is a little difference between being an immigrant and slaughtering the native population and call the land yours . 
  with that said , i was just joking so who cares . 
  that is not fair , every eu member state should be allowed to have a macron . 
  so we went from europe to africa ? 
  were we the immigrants all along ? 
  italy and the eu recognize one , some other countries recognize the other . 
  lybia has at least 2 governments right now , i do n't think they would both agree easily . 
  would n't this plan need either the eu or italy to rule over a piece of land in libya to be able to manage the centers ? 
  if so , would ' t that be a declaration of war ? 
  i get that the sea is pretty much empty and there are n't obstacles so it makes sense , i just did n't know we were this far . 
  to some degree it 's not like they are completely wrong , during the general elections you vote and the winning parties make a government that can propose laws so the parties can campaign based on laws they want to make . 
  when the eu parliament ca n't make laws and the government is n't made by a party that i can vote , it gets harder to have actual policies . 
  it would be nice if italian parties had any eu program to begin with , the only policy you can get from them is if they are pro-eu or anti-eu and even that can be hard to figure out with most parties . 
  if you want , i can even give you the reason why the graph is like that , try opening excel or google sheets and put the numbers in it .
