  european commission president jean claude juncker wrote it in a letter sent to the italian premier . 
   but this is not the only opening to italy of the european commission which is said to be ready to strengthen coastal guarding and protection of european borders with the deployment of 500 experts . 
  and he also offered the availability to ask the asylum support office ( easo ) to make available 40 units . 
   juncker 's letter was commented positively by paolo gentiloni on twitter . 
  `` juncker and commission 's immigration commitments - tweeted - correspond to the mobilization of eu partners alongside italy . '', 
   the ngos , meanwhile , are requesting to review some of the code of conduct for rescue operations for migrants in the central mediterranean . 
  according to reports from representatives of some of the non-governmental organizations received today by viminale by the head of cabinet , mario morcone , for example , the revision of the prohibition of transhipment of migrants on other vessels , the presence of the police on board ships , non-interference with the libyan coast guard . 
  a new meeting is scheduled for friday . 
  as you can see [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/6vgnwiyquks?t=4m42s ) they have every intention of bringing them to africa . 
  as of now the woman on that video has been detained by the italian police after they blocked a departing ngo ship from an italian port . 
  as i said , they could in theory do something good but they do n't instil much trust as of now and i do n't expect much from them . 
  as of now the main problem is that they are working in the confines of the law and that makes stopping them harder but hey if you have evidence of any criminal activity please call the nearest police station and let them know . 
  well to me it looks like there is no clear `` eu direction '' on the migrants crisis , the eu by itself has no power and the member states ca n't agree on any kind of solution and think only about themselves . 
  with that said , it 's not like the eu even has the power to do anything against a country that makes laws not `` in line with current eu direction '' , as of now it does n't even have the power to stop a country from going against the rule of law and in the worst case become a dictatorship . 
  when people `` take matters on their own hands '' and stuff like that , it usually means going against the law . 
  is there the possibility for these people to do something good while not breaking the law ? 
  yes . 
  will these people probably do illegal stuff going against at least maritime law ? 
  likely . 
  if you do n't like a law you do n't use the force to change it , you elect someone to change the law . 
  i agree with you that guy is a moron with that said you guys have a wrong idea about the organized crime when it comes to the migrants . 
  they usually are n't involved in the `` smuggling '' since that is already done by ngos , what they do tho is getting hold of the centers that take money from the government to feed these people . 
  if they get 30 $ per person they might spend 5 $ on them and keep the other 25 $ for themselves . 
  i wanted to specify this because some people here believe that italy somehow gets richer by taking migrants which is in no way true . 
  are you telling me workers in the uk are cheaper than the italian ones while even having higher wages ? 
  well if someone is left leaning there is n't much choice , you either vote pd or you do n't vote at all . 
  it 's not that hard to understand why the pd is still a major force . 
  capitalism has already failed and every time it evolves and becomes better , the great depression is a good example . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  m5s is one of the biggest parties so the italians did vote for it and now they are usually the first party in the polls . 
  if they find some problems with it , ca n't they keep the parts where they have no problems ? 
  for example i do not see how '' * ngo vessels will also be obliged to let police travel with them * '' could be against human rights . 
  i think this is the most important point :  rome suspects their presence just outside libyan territorial waters encourages migrants to risk their lives and put to sea . 
  if this is what the italian government thinks , they will add all the legalese necessary to stop that from happening . 
  i do n't know if the final draft will be successful in giving italy enough tools , while still complying with international laws , but i would hope they will try their best . 
  if they do the killing in public than they are n't that much different from a lone wolf terrorist imho ps . 
  just to make it clear again , i am not talking about the legal definition of terrorist with all the laws that comes with it . 
   why is turning our back on a political union considered a bad thing ? 
  leaving a political union does n't mean we are isolationist leaving a political union means you are more isolationist which is n't necessarily a bad thing in itself . 
  as far as i understand the british public were sold an only economic union for some reason and if they do n't want to be in a political union there is no reason to be angry at them imho , with that said it 's not like every person that voted for brexit did it for the same reasons . 
  would n't want a politician to represent the people 's interests now , would we ? 
  what a disaster that would be ... 
  the problem with lega nord is that while it is true that anti immigrant sentiment are rampant , they do n't have any real solution and they usually have idiotic or anachronistic positions on almost all the other issues . 
  when it comes to forza italia they are a more normal party but this time the influence of lega nord will probably be too strong for them to keep on the centre-right and not go on the far-right . 
   the article glossed over major eu problems and then blaming someone for the problems , whether it be anti-migrant parties , the ` arrogant british ' , or the ` lazy southern europeans ' . 
  this is just an opinion piece and not an article and since it 's written by somebody nobody cares about , i do n't think you should put too much weight on it . 
  we ca n't know for sure until the full draft becomes public but i would imagine there to be some legal language that defines when * `` human life is clearly in danger '' * . 
  for example maybe if the lydian coastguard is going to rescue the migrants it means that it ca n't be considered as * `` human life is clearly in danger '' * and therefore ngos ca n't enter libyan water . 
  here are some important points :  if any group refuses to accept the terms , they risk being barred access to italian ports  among the proposed new rules will be a ban on making phone calls or firing flares that might signal to human traffickers that they could push their migrant boats out to sea . 
   ngo vessels will also be obliged to let police travel with them  boats will no longer be allowed to transfer refugees to other ships , but will instead have to bring them to port themselves , limiting their operations . 
   rome suspects their presence just outside libyan territorial waters encourages migrants to risk their lives and put to sea . 
   the code of conduct will include a categorical ban on ngos entering libyan waters unless human life is clearly in danger . 
   while viewing the ngos with increasing suspicion , the italian government has also grown frustrated with its eu allies , saying they are not doing enough to help it tackle the crisis , including by taking in many more of the new arrivals . 
  i understand that , what i meant is for me ( imho ) if many people die than i myself consider that terrorism since it still instils terror . 
  i know that on the legal side there are differences and it make sense to differentiate between a terror attack with a political goal and an apolitical mass murder . 
  do n't be too extreme there , while the positions of certain countries do n't help italy they are still valid positions . 
  for example france does n't want economic immigrants and will accept only refugees , while the burden on italy is higher i can understand the position and even agree with it . 
  the eu is still important and since we are in a union it 's only natural that there are disagreements , we can still work together on what we agree and find a middle ground on the issues where we disagree . 
  i think it 's probably just legalese , by using * may * italy reserves the right to do whatever it wants and is n't restricting itself . 
  for example while it can stop every ship it can still allow a ship to dock if it has only children on it . 
  is it that hard ? 
  if someone causes the death of 3 or more people willingly then it is terrorism . 
  it 's not like without the un we ca n't do anything at all but having the un sanctions could be a powerful tool . 
  for example if a smuggling organization in nigeria has its money in another country , you can easily freeze their assets if there are un sanctions in place . 
  of course you can go to every single countries and deal with every single one of them but having un sanctions would make the whole process easier . 
   it is like if our minister of interior told that police canot fight georgian mafia because of usa and uk opposition in unsc the police ca n't fight the georgian mafia in georgia without the unsc . 
  the eu wants to fight them in africa and therefore un sanctions are a good tool to do that . 
  un sanctions are a tool for the eu to fight against the people smugglers , u/dfractalh wrote a good [ comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6muakc/russia_and_china_block_g20_efforts_to_sanction/dk4sn5g/ ) that explains why we need them . 
  because they have veto power in the un , if they do n't both agree there are no un sanctions or interpol or assets freezing . 
  they have veto power in the un , without them we ca n't have un sanctions and use the interpol . 
  because the eu wanted to have the un backing them and since russia and china have veto power , they are quite important . 
   those who refuse to sign the code may not get authorisation to access italian ports . 
  the single item that make us feel superior to almost all the world population . 
  let 's go one step further : why do these women still have to wear that shit even when they are in europe ? 
  i do n't think you can find even one single case where the women wears the full veil and has an husband that is n't at least a shitty person if not flat out abusing the wife both physically and mentally . 
  of course they backed the face veil ban , just the security concerns are huge and let 's be completely honest here : these women do n't wear it because they want , they do it because they are told to and are indoctrinated since childhood . 
  if muslims in europe like albanians do n't wear them , i do n't see why the veil should be considered part of the religion . 
  did he really anger his fans ? 
  i only see a couple of tweets wrote by some people which are n't even a french . 
  how are some tweets representative of every macron supporter ? 
  how is this journalism ? 
  should n't they at least make a poll to make an actual article ? 
   `` it would n't be enough on its own , no , '' lidington told the bbc 's andrew marr show . 
   `` but it would be a very good thing to have - as would trade deals with the emerging economies of asia and latin america . '', 
  ca n't they make a less biased title ? 
  i am very pro-eu and this is still kind of annoying . 
   it 's not as companies put one magical part that will destroy the device in a year or two ever heard of batteries ? 
  not being able to change them means the majority of smartphones/tablets and slim laptops have an expiration date since you ca n't really change them . 
  i mean , the dear leader would like a word ... north korea best korea . 
  i wonder if the government is actually happy about this , now if we close the ports the eu ca n't really say anything since we already asked for help more than once . 
  now the narrative would n't be evil italy closing the ports but lonely italy forced to close the ports since the eu does n't help it . 
  he was the best , he made you laugh while making you realize what the life of an average italian during those times was like . 
  the tl ; dr version basically is : international laws say they have the right to go to safe ports , italy is among the ones with safe ports but not the only one . 
  while we follow international laws , the others do n't . 
  if you want to have a reasonable discussion i am here but if you really think that italian politics are about maximizing the organized crimes income than i do n't really know what to say . 
  since people usually do n't read articles here are the most important parts :  italy has also been pushing for other european countries to open up their ports to rescue ships to share the burden around . 
   the three nations ' interior ministers , who met on sunday in paris , also agreed to look into ways to support the coast guard in libya and help the un refugee agency to set up more camps in the war-ravaged north african country  their plan , to be presented to all 28 members of the eu at the end of the week , would also suggest ways of improving the process of returning economic migrants to their countries . 
  well italy declared that if nothing gets done , we can close our ports to any non italian vessel with migrants on it . 
  i mean , the source is the european commission ... what did you expect ? 
  if you add the costs of the highway , italy ends up being the most expensive while we do n't even earn that much money .
