  as for strong culture of bipartisanship . 
  seems strange to say that when current third merkel cabinet has more then 2/3 majority in lower parliament . 
  why need for so strong coalition , if culture of bipartisanship is so strong ? 
  does it mean that current germany government has unchecked power to dismiss judges ? 
  seems like quite open gate to dictatorship . 
  and it for sure breaks democratic separation of power between 3 branches . 
  because people miss on it and if you drop this initial purge of judges , it 's very similar and even more separated from gov. 
  especially when we talk about supreme court judges election process . 
  we need to focus on detailsa nd remaining issue of this initial purge . 
  instead , people want to drop whole bill , which is unlikely to happen . 
  that 's at least my agenda , 
  yes , initial purge is bad and nothing like germany . 
  however after that , it 's very similar to germany , because second council that elects supreme court judges is elected by 3/5 majority from lower parliament . 
  first council contains 4 lower parliament members , 2 upper house members , minister of justice and supreme court chairman . 
  both councils need to agree on given candidate , which is then passed to president for final approval . 
  so this part is very similar . 
  even more separated from gov , as parliament does n't directly elect supreme court judges . 
  also , after initial purge . 
  only way to dismiss a sn judge is either retirement age or breaking the law . 
  parliament can not dismiss them like in germany . 
  in short , we need to focus on fighting against this initial purge of judges and big influence of minister of justice in it . 
  other then that , after last changes to this bill , it 's not that bad . 
  you missed yesterday changes . 
  ruling party agreed to remove some powers given to minister of justice and agreed to use 3/5 majority when electing second council ( krs ) , which is responsible in parts for electing supreme court judges . 
  problem with a discussion everywhere is the fact that nobody talks details !, 
  they just assume that the whole bill is bad . 
  it is n't . 
  other then this initial purge of supreme court judges , the whole system is copy paste from germany system , where lower and upper parliament representatives elect supreme court judges . 
  https://blogs.loc.gov/law/2016/05/how-judges-are-selected-in-germany/ in our case it 's a little bit better , as there are two councils , first built from 4 lower parliment members , 2 upper house members + minister of justice and supreme court chairman . 
  second council is created from 15 judges , elected by 3/5 majority in lower parliament . 
  those two councils then decide if given candidate should be presented to president , who then makes final decision . 
  but now , let 's just scream ` end of democracy ' and put turkey flag over poland instead . 
  as a full supporter of eu and someone that disagrees with our current ruling party on most social/cultural issues . 
  i lost a little bit faith in unbiased and transparent eu . 
  and macron 's words painting as traitor of eu values , despite receiving so much money just made me quite sad and disappointed . 
  same shit happens with uk and their leave decision . 
  so much of fucking biased hate and cheering whenever new bank is moving to eu . 
  new post whenever some index falls few points or gdp is falling . 
  i just want you guys to be more interested in details . 
  and not just paint a view you want to see . 
  that 's all . 
  wish us best !, 
  it 's not exactly the same , but after yesterday changes it 's quite close . 
  if they could just get rid of this initial purge of judges , i would be quite happy . 
   the judges at the other federal supreme courts are selected by the judges election committee . 
  the judges election committee is convened by the federal minister of justice . 
  the committee is composed of a total of thirty-two members and consists of the ministers of justice of the sixteen german states and sixteen members selected by the bundestag . 
  ( basic law , art . 
  goddamit , it 's almost copy pasta . 
  https://blogs.loc.gov/law/2016/05/how-judges-are-selected-in-germany/ germany next ? 
   the justices who are chosen by the bundestag ( parliament ) are elected without prior debate by secret ballot upon a proposal of an electoral committee which is formed specifically for this purpose . 
  the electoral committee is composed of twelve members of the bundestag who are chosen from a list of candidates proposed by the parliamentary groups . 
  to be elected , a justice must obtain a two thirds majority of the votes cast and at least a majority among the members of the bundestag . 
  ( bverfgg , \u00a7 6 ) and this seems like copypasta of what our gov. 
  introduced in this new bill  the judges at the other federal supreme courts are selected by the judges election committee . 
  the judges election committee is convened by the federal minister of justice . 
  the committee is composed of a total of thirty-two members and consists of the ministers of justice of the sixteen german states and sixteen members selected by the bundestag . 
  ( basic law , art . 
  it looks like ruling party has shitload to say about whom to elect . 
  however , i agree that initial version of this bill was just horrible . 
  now it looks a little bit better after yesterday changes with 3/5 majority required . 
  however there is still one worrying part about this initial purge of judges . 
   but the czech judges said the bill was an attack on the polish judiciary 's independence . 
  so , which part of this new bill exactly czech judges denouce ? 
  if it 's part about purge of supreme court judges . 
  i agree . 
  other then that , it looks like quite ` european ' system . 
  few past days ( months ? ), 
  feel like quite unlucky civ scenario . 
  oh come one . 
  problem was with initial version of krs and sn bills , where lower parliament , with standard majority could select judges for second krs council . 
  now they changed it to 3/5 , ensuring that current majority party will not be able to pick them alone . 
  second thing was regarding this initial purge of judges . 
  before changes in the bill , minister of justice alone decide who will stay . 
  now it looks similar but with more oversight . 
  minister of justice presents list of judges that should stay . 
  krs put 's their opinion over it and it 's sent to president for final confirmation . 
  so , if we consider changes from yesterday , yes , it 's getting closer to how deutschland does it . 
  but still , there is this remaining topic of initial purge of judges , and how it 's driven by ruling party alone . 
  i think , if they could drop this part , it would be quite reasonable bill . 
  at least at face value . 
  amazing job and idea !, 
  thanks !, 
  10 % spend on nice to have things , not connected with budget itself . 
  it was just comparision . 
  we are not as dependant on eu as people think . 
  however we for sure benefit a lot . 
  true about effectiveness . 
  not sure about gdp , as it does n't represent local investment in any way . 
  imagine france in 2009 then ( % 7.5 ) . 
  but this 10 % is not part of the budget . 
  so if eu decides to drop it , deficit will still stay in around 2.6 % range . 
  it 's just 10 % in value spend on ` nice to have ' things , where eu requires us to put another half of more of our own money . 
  lower parliament can reject veto , but it requires 3/5 majority , which present ruling party does n't have . 
  also , nobody but them are for this reform in the current state . 
  input -- * our yearly budget is around $ 70.1 bln . 
  * development funds for 6 years ( 2014-20 ) : $ 67.81 bln * our eu revenue ( 2015 projected over 6 years ) : $ 22.30 bln . 
  net calculation results -- * net fund over 6 years : $ 45,51 * net fund over 1 year : $ 7,585 * percent of yearly budget : 10.82 % summary -- is 10.82 % budget investment enough to use it as an political tool ? 
  and this is worst case scenario , assuming gdp will not rise . 
  let 's try 25 % , and maybe i 'll let you look under my skirt .
