  generally whole thing is unnecessary in my opinion . 
  but at them same time , it 's not done for me . 
  they didi n't say that , here is whole speech : http://www.tvn24.pl/krakow,50/krakow-akt-przyjecia-jezusa-chrystusa-za-krola-i-pana,693191.html article wrongly put their interpretation in square brackets . 
  article was by gazeta wyborcza , which is against our current gov. 
  church made event of crowning jesus as a king in general . 
  stupid as it may be , it 's not as stupid as proclaiming that jesus is king of poland alone . 
  more here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5duc5f/jesus_has_officially_become_a_king_of_poland/da7grcj/, 
  thank you for that !, 
  it makes whole thing less stupid . 
  your interpretation is too literal and actually make sense . 
  true meaning is more mysterious , and only super special people get it . 
  i wonder what will happen next . 
  jesus will become prime minister , and church will rule our country on his behalf . 
  he earned it !, 
  jesus christ , king of poland , goddamit !, 
  it could be worse . 
  putting some puppet and paying for his/her and whole family luxurious life . 
  we love us some jesus . 
  * poland - romania 3:0 . 
  first goal scored by number 11 , at 11 minute , on 11 of november , which was our independence day anniversary . 
  * peaceful celebration of independence day anniversary . 
  * gov. 
  prompts everybody to quickly distribute ue money due to brexit fallout fears . 
  * gov. 
  decided to dig out smolensk victims , despite plea from families to forgo such plan . 
  * gov. 
  is starting to plan 100 years anniversary of independence day ( 2018 ) . 
  * actor jerzy cnota died . 
  slovakian brothers probably know this melody : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar1vvtorw98, 
  blood hell . 
  i wonder what are other causes of deaths that top in anywhere else then post com . 
  countries . 
  castration . 
  lovely !, 
  just ot clarify . 
  polish thugs stole flags and id cards ( world youth day 2016 ) from two czech pilgrims . 
  another group of polish people told them that it 's not russian flag and they should give it back . 
  afterwards they were attacked by their countryman . 
  czech pilgrims runned away in the meantime . 
  summary of charges - konrad w. -2 years and 8 months . 
  - adrian w. - half a year . 
  - arkadiusz c. - he 's fucked as he used a knife and he 's charged with attempted manslaughter . 
  looks like , luckily , chech brothers were n't hurt and people reacted to abuse and agression . 
  you forgot to use news pause . 
  `` something is rotten ... in the state of denmark '', 
  too soon !, 
  fun fact : fun fact, 
  `` no pussy for old men '', 
  ukrainian one is my favorite . 
  looking at sweeden and denmark , i can see that there are no winners in war , 
  you picked wrong battle . 
  2 % is just recommendation . 
  poland agreed on refugees quotas . 
  at least our previous gov. 
  did . 
  some eu countries like denmark and ireland , rejected it . 
   `` oh stop it guys ! '', 
  nicely done , 
  pride is quite strong term . 
  i 'm pragmatically happy about our last few decades and eu project . 
  i 'm not quite pride how we fucked each other up before . 
  i 'm proud of our variety ( cultural , political , ethnical ) . 
   i feel this question is important to ask especially at this moment in time when europe is going through an identity crisis and seeing the rise of nationalism and populist right wing movements . 
  what identity crisis ? 
  if you put nationalism there , should n't you also put migration as well ? 
  is n't it ` deluting ' european identity ? 
  is n't nationalism part of european identity  ? 
  why populism has anything to do with european pride ? 
  to have identity crysis , you need to first clearly defined what europe is . 
  then i can decide if i identify with it or not ? 
  seems like , your vision of european identity is very political and ` current ' . 
  i think they are mentally ill . 
  there is no logic in their behaviour . 
  15-20 skinheads attacked 2 team members , and run away after rest of the team rushed at them . 
  the only thing that comes to my mind : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk6txmsvgqg, 
   `` the information provided to the police shows that in the area adjacent to the hotel where the israeli team was staying , a group of ... around 15-20 skinheads ... rushed to two members of the team , beat them and ran away . `` i will wait for another version of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epeqwq-ayv0  `` one of the players in the lobby noticed this and we all ran out to help . 
  once the skinheads saw us they ran away . '' i 've no idea what those people have in their heads . 
  all of this does n't make any sense . 
  underdeveloped cowards . 
  it looks like it will be interesting weekend . 
  it 's almost comedic ( dark flavor ) reading all post related to poland here lately . 
  i often try to defended , despite not voting for them . 
  and i can admit this is bad , very bad . 
  he was prime minister from 2003 - 2014 ( 11 years ) . 
  it 's not much sneaking . 
   the european commission has threatened to push for sanctions against poland over law and justice 's meddling in the judiciary and over the logging controversy . 
  eh , this just fucking look beautiful , next to russia and late usa sanctions against germany companies dealing with them . 
  two most important issues eu faces today . 
  fucking logging in poland and women judges retrying 5 years sooner then men . 
  i know it 's deeper then that , but those are major points put out by eu commission . 
  i 'm pro eu , but this looks like heavy power struggle . 
  on both sides . 
  fuck that . 
  how such important issues are being voted in one referendum . 
  we put more effort to vote on our president/parliament then uk did on voting to exit eu . 
  we should n't do the same . 
  polover . 
  is n't exactly that happening in usa ? 
  we were promised japan , ireland . 
  maybe now it 's time for usa ( or turkey ) .
