  it undermines our position . 
  vague translation :  * sikorski : - you know , that polish-american ** alliance is worth nothing ** . 
  it 's even harmful , because it gives false perception of safety . 
   * sikorski : - it 's total bullshit . 
  we will get in conflict with russia and germany and we will think that everything will be great because we gave americans a blowjob . 
  suckers . . suckers . 
  i agree with him !, 
  but it does n't change a fact that he should n't talk about it in public , especially when contradicting himself at some points to what he says officially . 
  true . 
  ~ ~ we are to poor to be like turkey . ~ ~ actually i was wrong . 
  per capita , they have similar gdp to ours . 
  the more ~ ~ you ~ ~ i know . 
  yes , i agree with most of your points !, 
  about constitutional tribunal . 
  did n't po started it a little bit ? 
  do you think it was right move by them ? 
  i could understand if one of their gov. 
  was recorded saying some bulshit . 
  but come one , what happened showed how unprofessional most of them were . 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/afera_pods%c5%82uchowa_w_polsce_ ( 2014 % e2 % 80 % 932015 ) and next thing with rushing wprost offices , and literally fighting for laptops with journalists . 
  should n't journalists be treated as fourth estate in healthy democracy ? 
  do n't you think that sikorski threatened our security be saying * `` that giving us a blowjob was n't worth anything '' * and how we got fucked by usa . 
  but publicly he always said that everything was just perfect . 
  so , in poland , government created hitler and gave him power . 
  because that 's what exactly po did . 
  if you really want to use hitler parallel . 
  which in my opinion is just stupid and easy attention grab . 
  i do n't agree with shitload of what pis does . 
  i hate what they did with tvp . 
  it was bad during po , but now it 's just korea level of propaganda . 
  i hate their grabs for power . 
  i can not deny that first versions of krs and supreme court bills were horrible . 
  i just want them to tone down . 
  i 'm kind of ok with their social benefit programs . 
  they are doing fine budgetary wise . 
  but other then that , it 's constant ` trust but verify ' from me . 
  where with po i must admit that i just gave them blind trust . 
  which was n't a good decision as well . 
  tldr . 
  -- yes , we need to keep a close eye on them . 
  and i believe we can do that . 
  only 2 more years  no , our situation is not similar to turkey or venezuela or rise of third reich . 
  but if that 's what brings attention to pis , maybe i 'm fine with that . 
  i 'm just worried that investors and people around eu will again think of poland as some `` war torn '' country . 
  president put it clearly . 
  it 's about perception of ` fairness ' . 
  if you have judiciary system that 's too connected with ruling party . 
  even if they have good intentions , there will always be ` perceived ' bias that every decision was made in their favor because they check them in the end . 
  so instead of improving perceived law and order , this does the opposite . 
  and sadly , the one bill that was n't vetoed , curbs this separation a little bit . 
  i hope it will be addressed in new version of vetoed bills . 
  however . 
  this is not next turkey or venezuela , where political and economical situation is totally different . 
  i just do n't understand why people bring those cases so easily . 
  i know that normally people just do n't care about poland and do n't know much about how politics work here . 
  but come one , talking shit about your opposition is just part of their job . 
  sadly . 
  it 's like you would watch british house of commons banter and assume that this is the end !, 
  dear portuguese friend . 
  could you elaborate how it 's even remotely similar to venezuela or turkey ? 
  please consider facts and not only what you read in newspapers/media that have slight bias to show everything as dramatically as possible . 
  in venezuela , government `` curbed '' social programs due to decrease in oil export . 
  people got angry and stopped supporting current ruling government . 
  next thing , supreme court decides to take over legislative powers from the national assembly lead by opposition . 
  * `` the move is the latest example of the socialist president maduro tightening his grip on power , which critics say he has been doing for months , amid a deepening economic crisis in the country . 
  '' * how is it even remotely similar to poland ? 
  there is no economical incentive for latest changes in judiciary system . 
  especially due to quite good end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 . 
  at the time , they were still most popular party with significant spread over opposition . 
  reform was part of their promises during last elections . 
  president was part of current ruling party . 
  he decided to go against them and veto 2 of 3 legislatures . 
  now naturally , ruling party is angry as fuck and feels betrayed . 
  ruling party is loosing popularity . 
  opposition is trying to join powers and together are slowly gaining more popularity then ruling party . 
  there is no one person trying to rule them all !, 
  and it 's actually total reverse of venezuela situation , where president is fighting for his political life , and using supreme court to take over opposition ruling in legislative branch . 
  there is not such incentive here in poland . 
  opposition fucked up in 2014 - 2015 so much , that people just lost trust in them . 
  in effect , we have situation similar to us . 
  two branches of power are effectively lead by people from one party . 
  which automatically sounds like trouble , especially considering very polarizing views of current ruling party . 
  so , it 's more complicated then you think . 
  and it 's a lot more peaceful then people try to present it . 
  as for what politician say to each other : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1il2jgzizw it 's not as joyful as british house of commons . 
  but it 's pretty standard to be harsh about your opponents . 
  even if they were initially on your side . 
  we need more hollywood budget movies in eu !, 
  i see so many beautiful shots of various cities . 
  ghibli pretty nicely transformed part of european beauty to paper . 
  seems like we have problems to do it ourselfs . 
  if not movies . 
  games !, 
  the only time i see old european cities well shot , is in some ww ii games . 
  hmm or maybe i 'm overreacting . 
  uk pushes some nice productions . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0780536/ in bruges was great . 
   galgos have been thrown down wells , cast into rivers to drown , burned to death , and doused with acid . 
  some are left in forests , their legs intentionally broken so they ca n't find their way home . 
  eh ... if you need to kill them , there are much quicker and efficient ways .
