  * abortion is also criminalised in most circumstances in northern ireland . 
  currently in poland : * mother will never be prosecuted for it * it 's allowed in case of rape or incest . 
  * plus other exceptions those christian lawmakers say that current law is being abused and more and more women perform abortion just cause . 
  they do n't have any data to back it up afaik . 
  just pushing some extreme case and data on global abortion from 2007 . 
  i do n't understand how it was even considered to be talked about : / or maybe i 'm missing something , would love to get enlighten . 
  nobody passed anything yet  far way from that , but for sure closer the it was initially . 
  it will be probably rejected either by human right and law committees or final voting . 
  and nobody will talk about it , as it 's not controversial . 
  and in your head you will still think that we hang woman that abort their children . 
  but one is true , if we had previous gov , this would n't even be considered . 
  still you are expected to pay for those privileges separately ( excluding mass )  but i think the trend is changing , slowly . 
  pope said it 's fucked up . 
  will see how polish church will respond . 
  i still hope it will be totally changed or rejected by human rights and law committees . 
  but i 'm not sure how much they can do . 
  i want to say no , but if they push it in original or near original form , it will be horrific trend : / i hope that human right and law committees will destroy it , as it 's their turn now . 
  i agree :( sadly . 
  we are `` internet activist '' . 
  i hope to change that but still learning how things work . 
  maybe at some point i 'll reach a level where i will be confident enough about my views to act upon them . 
  i also recommend reading speech by joanna banasiuk . 
  http://www.ordoiuris.pl/przemowienie-dr-joanny-banasiuk-w-sejmie,3879,i.html it show 's how short sighted whole idea behind this law is . 
  first , she focuses on a fact that hitler introduced it and then on a fact that soviets pushed it further . 
  pure play on emotions . 
  then moving to some extreme examples and statistics from 2007 ( global ones , not polish ) . 
  no numbers from recent years in poland . 
  oh come one : / that 's why are they doing it ? 
  so it 's pope , soviets , hitler and then child life . 
  i 'm really hard trying to get something meaningful that would help me understand their point . 
  but it looks to me just like political play , far away from life reality . 
  if i would like to present my ideas in a same way , i would pick some latest pedo . 
  incidents in church . 
  some money laundering , over spending . 
  sprinkle it with our slavic roots history . 
  and go for total abolition of christian church in poland . 
  which would be as stupid as her points . 
  i 'm not atheist . 
  i just do n't care if there is a god or not . 
  i also do n't care if others believe in it . 
  i just care if some use god as a way of pushing some strange ideas , that would n't stand a chance in any open debate , outside their circle . 
  i 'm also aware that reddit is mostly non-religious , so do n't count upvotes in such discussions , 
  but i 'm not for free abortion for everyone . 
  i do n't believe it 's right to have abortion just because someone ca n't afford a child or child will have down syndrome . 
  even if there is a chance child will be handicapped but still fully functional otherwise , we should n't decide at this stage . 
  but there are cases where you need to choose between two lives , one of the mother and one of this 12 week , not yet developed human with no sens of existence . 
  and i think we should allow in such cases for abortion , based on decision of a mother , father and a doctor . 
  and for sure we should n't prosecute mothers for that . 
  up to 5 years in prison . 
  fuck that . 
  life is just not that simple !, 
  if you are worried if you will be on a right side of history . 
  leave it to people that will be actually forced to go through abortion . 
  nobody is forcing fetus genocide or eugenics . 
  current law does n't support much already . 
  on the similar topic . 
  why church is also against in vitro ? 
  it 's helping create life . 
  i 'm not sure if you responded to correct message . 
  current and previous pope changed a lot . 
  for example they finally forced for some transparency , so vatican bank needs to follow similar rules as other banks and show yearly statements . 
  there are still issues with how transparent they are but for sure things are moving forward . 
  it 's sad to see church infrastructure being used for money laundering . 
  it will change if they start to apply same rules as others . 
  it 's literally the least they can do . 
  if they were pro active , they would show the way for other banks . 
  but for now , they are far away behind . 
  sources : [ reports ] ( https://www.ncronline.org/news/accountability/under-new-system-vatican-budgets-show-previously-unreported-assets?_ga=1.2780278.754165848.1474695944 ) [ transparency problems ] ( https://www.ncronline.org/blogs/roman-observer/vatican-finances-still-lack-transparency ), 
  yeah : / i do n't comprehend this . 
  it 's also good to remember a group which created this legislature project : http://www.en.ordoiuris.pl/ it 's group of christian lawyers , pushing for christian traditon based law . 
  it 's not like most of our lawyers are pushing this law . 
  also good to know , this is like `` people idea '' . 
  it 's not something that given party is currently accepting in current form . 
  this will now go through human rights and law commissions . 
  how it will look like afterwards , we will see . 
  net by definition is after taxes and other spendings . 
  if you have business , it 's from income - cost . 
  if you do n't have one , it 's from income . 
  actually i though it 's much more . 
  so we have church fund , which currently each year amounts to : 0.096 mld . 
  we all pay in taxes : 72 mld ( cit + pit ) so effective tax i pay is 0.13 % . 
  ( ( 0.096 / 72 ) * 100 ) for some reason i though is 1 % . 
  but i was wrong . 
  i have nothing against it then . 
  it 's like a spare money in whole 360 mld budget . 
  points to you . 
  no , i prefer discussing abortion on reddit . 
  what reason it is if i may ask ? 
  i like seeing different point of views on this topic . 
  open to change my opinion , but for now i did n't heard anything that would push me there yet . 
  let 's focus on elders . 
  let 's sell some land and golden churches and open some life support groups for elderly . 
  openly with community think of the best ways to found lonely elders without family and provide them with support . 
  let 's focus on teaching tenagers safe sex . 
  let 's drop all the anticonception bulshit . 
  be practical . 
  let 's focus on finding a way on how to help immigrants from syria . 
  something that even pope asked for , and our church said polite fuck off . 
  for me those are major problems . 
  but i also think church should be separate from country .
