  so no more church tax . 
  more transparency an oversight . 
  current church is best playground for tax avoidance , deviance , and elderly extortion . 
  christianity in itself is not bad . 
  but our church is just fucked up . 
  they lost connection with reality . 
  i do n't believe that personally . 
  i do n't believe in god . 
  it 's in context of abortion an it being playing a god . 
  if so , then most of military actions nowadays are god like as we decide who should live and die . 
  to make it more clear . 
  i do n't accept playing god as con . 
  argument to our current abortion law . 
  i do n't think we should prosecute our military . 
  i 'm just aware that we kill people , and often it 's not clear why . 
  yes , he voted to pass it through initial voting . 
  i did mention commissions later . 
  sorry it was n't clear enough . 
  so in the end he could end up voting for both to pass through for further processing . 
  in general , no . 
  i would love if the will focus on church issues like pedofilia and exeseive wealth . 
  after cleaning up their own playground i would be happy if the move onto solving wealth gap in general . 
  law supporting elders , lost souls ( former prisoners , homeless , etc. ) . 
  that 's my vision of christ 's hurch . 
  focusing on people in need . 
  good point . 
  just lawyers thinking on new pro christian legislature projects . 
  two opposite to each others projects were voted . 
  kaczynski voted for `` ratuj kobiety '' which was for more liberal abortion law . 
  his brother had similar views regarding abortion . 
  as for pis in general , most of them voted out this project . 
  currently stop aborcji will go through justice and human right committees . 
  in this case i was putting myself in position of an christian . 
  if we digest what we do , we are evil/bad from their point of view . 
  but most evil acts are not done personally so it 's easier to forget them . 
  as for my opinion . 
  i do n't believe in good and evil . 
  we are very complicated , and we created world where a lot of dubious things happen without our knowledge but being sponsored by our taxes . 
  we need more transparency , and from there we can start improving things . 
  but first i think we are far away from understanding how countries and world is run . 
  and i do n't mean some stupid illuminati theories . 
  but i 'm not sure if it 's practical . 
  either way , we should generally have broader view before we make decision in democracies . 
  i agree . 
  what about pigs ? 
  they are highly intelligent . 
  genetically very close to human . 
  even their heart looks like ours : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/2a/95/37/2a95376b17d9745696fc4d08729b40ce.jpg but we bread them , kill them , and eat them . 
  i 've nothing against it . 
  but it 's playing god . 
  we decide what should live and what should n't , until we name it . 
  you need to understand that we are bad and evil . 
  industrialization and current structures of countries allows people to be far away from all this killing and suffering . 
  we are far away from being good , but abortion have nothing to do with it . 
  we kill because we want more power , we are hungry or we disagree . 
  current abortion law in poland is about fighting for life , life of a mother . 
  new proposed abortion law is for church and god only . 
  either way , thanks for this discussion . 
  i understand your point , but i can not find any logic within it . 
  the only thing i understand is fight for life . 
  but i think you picked wrong battle . 
  ok , but what 's life by your definition . 
  can they feel pain when they are 2 years old , do they have sense of identity ? 
  are they any different they animals we kill , in what way then if you leave out animal kingdom categorization . 
  either way , here i agree with you . 
  it 's tough topic , and to an easy decision . 
  but i personally still see some cases where i should be allowed to go through abortion in safe environment , and not go through it in some corner abortion shop or even worst , trying to do it myself . 
  if my daughter was raped at aged 12 , and birth could risk here life , i would n't even think twice about it . 
  and that 's i think we should leave some exceptions to a law . 
  and one more regarding religion . 
  whole new legislature project was prepared by : http://www.en.ordoiuris.pl/ which is group of catholic lawers , with sole purpose of making law in poland more ` traditional ' and compatible with polish christianity . 
  i also think abortion should be illegal , but not in all cases . 
  there are medical situation when early abortion will be safer for a child and mother . 
  [ anencephaly ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=anencephaly&amp;safe=off&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewijtl-v4abpahxkxcwkhzj-ab4q_auiccgb&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=904#imgrc=0_dkec2lklbrvm%3a ) it 's hard decision , and in my opinion should be left to parents not country . 
  but i understand why you can disagree . 
  but for me killing a 1 year old and aborting 2 weeks old is not the same . 
  but in second case it should be ease decision either . 
  as for rapes , i 'm not sure what i would do if my 12 year old daughter was raped , and birth could cause here death . 
  would you personally decide to carry on , if it would cause here death ? 
   it 's in the interest of national survival for poland to have the closest military relationship possible with the united states , that is n't the case for france etc. 
  it 's not that bad . 
  but i get you point . 
  what will happen if america will become `` evil '' country under trump ? 
  it looks like we will be fucked either way , as trump wants to gtfo from nato  at the same time , we will be singing about our newly legislated anti abortion laws , proudly carrying gods wishes , as russians , again :p, 
  not all nato countries went to iraq or afganistan . 
  we should put god before anything else . 
  so you say that if nato/usa would force abortion on us in all possible case , you will be for it because it will safeguard use from russians ? 
  i just do n't understand why in some cases god is explanation for your position and in other cases you look more practically . 
  where is the line . 
  yes , it 's killing of innocent people that were forced to fight to safe their families . 
  and we are doing that not even being directly attacked by this country . 
  we do that because we are allies to usa . 
  how they are protecting our country against afghanistan ? 
  we all know it 's just politics . 
  and why killing in such case is not playing god ? 
  they did n't come to our country to fight use . 
  we invaded theirs . 
  i 'm not even talking gmo . 
  we bread animals in such way that only less aggressive entities copulate with each other . 
  to create either more meat or some domesticated version .
