  most countries are under heavy debt . 
  but world/eu banks and other institutions are happy to borrow each year , with often effective 0 % rates . 
  that 's also why greece got in love with borrowing money  but i also believe that before we can go flat and down with depth , we need to create healthy economy and environment here in poland . 
  and how to do it , depends on ruling party , 
  yes , i understand your point . 
  500 + is just the easiest and simplest option they choose . 
  effects are visible immediately , so electorate is quite happy immediately . 
  i do n't believe that was the only drive for them but for sure they were n't angry about it  i also agree that people should n't be incentivize with money to have children . 
  if it 's truly the only really reason someone want 's a child , that 's fucked up . 
  i just hope it 's small percentage . 
  i still believe that we need too tackle family extreme poverty . 
  we need to do it in 2 phases . 
  first take care of existing ones , and here there are n't many options other then increasing their income . 
  sure , you could give them ` food stamps ' like in usa . 
  but that 's much pricier alternative then giving them money directly . 
  another option could be pit deductions , which people already get for having children . 
  but i assume , there is n't much to deduct from in such cases . 
  the second phase is preventing extreme poverty . 
  and here , first we should exactly know what causes it . 
  there for sure are many factors : * no marketable skills . 
  * health/mental issues ( alcoholism , drug addiction , panic disorder , etc. ), 
  * to many children . 
  * children having children . 
  * one parent . 
  * financial responsibility ( borrowing money like crazy , and allowing to lend money using horror rates ) . 
  to be honest , i 've no idea if we have programs which would tackle above issues in context of preventing extreme poverty . 
  seems like we have various programs that try to solve those issues separately and without context . 
  maybe we need something like `` family + '' . 
  where gov. 
  would focus on educating and prevention of extreme poverty in families , before it happens . 
  i fully believe that families are foundations of each country . 
  we treated businesses better nowadays then we do families . 
  sadly , religion is not helping in that regard . 
  and as non-religious person , this is one thing they should try to do well . 
  but sex-ed for them is just no-no topic . 
  `` do n't fuck '' till married and issue resolved . 
  i want to live in a country without slums . 
  but i also do n't want us to default . 
  however , currently , that 's not a risk . 
  we are still capable to pa-yup our bills . 
  sadly , this is how big businesses work . 
  each year they borrow money to proceed with investment for another year . 
  that 's also why 2008 crisis was a such big deal . 
   an unrelated example is solving bank issues in the past crisis by bailouts and billion money injections . 
  waste of money that just ended up lining bankers ' pockets . 
  this is similar . 
  if those banks would default , most of major us corporations would default as well and went up for sale . 
  but this is a little bit different issue . 
  this is not social benefit program . 
  this is ` country benefit ' program . 
  they were literally saving whole usa economy and what they own . 
  if all of those banks would default and went for sale , the same would happen with biggest corporations in usa . 
  i assume china would happily buy some of their biggest corporations and banks . 
  effectively , they would n't increase debt they have with china , but would for sure increase china 's influence in usa . 
  also , remember that they also brought shitload of regulations and transparency to a banking system . 
  which trump now want 's to remove  will see what happens in 10 years . 
  tldr -- i agree with you . 
  i also want to make our economy better and then as effect make living hear easier . 
  but this will take time . 
  10 - 20 years at least ( looking at our gdp growth , and average growth of similar countries ) . 
  but there are some issues that we need to tackle immediately . 
  for for that , programs like 500 + are one of the options . 
  we also need prevention , which i described few paragraphs above . 
  so that 's all . 
  i love living in poland . 
  and please , go . 
  no need to beat yourself up here if you hate is so much . 
  you can pick some school abroad . 
  there are also exchange programs . 
  however , if you decision is mostly due to politics and our current gov. 
  remember that this things change . 
  and sometimes it 's good to be part of this change . 
  all this mess just shows how pathetic , corrupted , hypocritical and incompetent polish politicians are in general . 
  the ruling party , the opposition , whatever . 
  i do n't agree with corrupted part . 
  however holding a grudge , lazy and without vision seems like better fitting words . 
  country and people seems to come second to them . 
  that 's at least my feeling . 
  to respond to your later edits . 
   i do n't approve of child benefits ( of this sort , at least ) ; if you want more children in the country , you create conditions for their birth ie improve the economy for cheaper costs of living , oh come on  you can answer everything with ` improve the economy for cheaper costs of living ' . 
  i want that as well . 
  but we need people to push economy forward . 
  we need children to be educated and live comfortable lives to make better decisions . 
  you ca n't make good decisions when you live in extreme poverty . 
  sure , there is small percentage of people that will use it as incentive , but it often does n't end in american dream . 
  i think we need a balance . 
  as currently many industries and businesses benefit from both eu and gov funds to accelerate growth . 
  i think the same should happen to families . 
   i 'm pro social benefits as well believe me , but i also believe those should n't be based on religious conservative ideology of promoting poor people having babies but on quantifiable investment in social areas we can see a visible return in . 
  social benefits are by definition target at groups that need help . 
  do you think we should make social benefits for people that are n't poor ? 
  as for quantifiable investment . 
  we do that as well . 
  with a lot of help from eu funds . 
  smart growth is doing exactly that . 
  focusing on specific problems , and trying to solve them by investing in promising ideas/businesses . 
  there are points for and against it . 
  but in general it seems to be pushing things forward . 
  and we need to remember that eu funds generally half of it , and second half comes from gov. 
  i would honestly love to hear about some other quantifiable social benefit programs not targeted at poor that you had in mind .
