  for me it 's playing god . 
  of course not as much as with military and abortion . 
  but you see . 
  it 's hard to discuss it , because god is some imaginary thing for me and for you it 's not . 
  neither me or you can prove it exist or not . 
  so in my opnion we should n't relay on it as explanation . 
  i want to hear scientific and logical explanation why abortion does n't make sense in any case and at any stage . 
  and why it 's so important to resolve it now ? 
  are you afraid that everyone will abort their children ? 
  do you think people do it for fun or because they are ` evil ' ? 
   yes , that feels like playing god . 
  it 's like euthanizing a person who is severely crippled , i do n't think it 's right to take a life . 
  should n't we in such case first take care of our military ? 
  our military kills people and plays god . 
  and those were people that were main breeders for their families . 
  why church is not focusing more on that part ? 
  because those are not `` our '' people ? 
  why not focus on saving lives that need saving , by opening arms for syrian refugees ? 
  church is against that . 
  there are more important issues to resolve then abortion . 
  and if you think playing god is the issue . 
  we are playing god constantly . 
  even food you eat is effect of playing god . 
  genetically modified and bread to produce as much meat as possible . 
  or maybe it is about killing ones that can not defend them-self ? 
  again , our military goes to iraq and afghanistan , fighting against people that had weapon in their hands for few weeks before seeing action . 
  often forced by militia groups from given region to fight or they will kill their families . 
  world is fucked up . 
  and if you really want to fix something , start with most important issues . 
  it 's unpopular in poland . 
  78 % are against new legislature presented by some group called [ ordo iuris ] ( http://www.en.ordoiuris.pl/ ) ( not a party ) . 
  now as it went trough first phase , it will be edited and will be voted again i assume . 
  we need to wait how final version will look like . 
  * more details * `` stop abortion '' project will now move to human rights and law commissions . 
  i 'm not sure what will be their responsibility , probably debate and proposing final version with all accepted parts . 
  already no party agrees to part that will force prosecution of a mother in case of `` proven abortion '' . 
  glad i 'll have a chance to discuss it . 
  are you against abortion even in case when child will be born with extreme deformities , without any sense of smell , hearing , unable to speak ? 
  even if such case could be detected very early ? 
  are you against any post conception procedures done just after conception , like one-two days after ? 
  what would you prefer . 
  abortion at early stage or child left in a bin to die ? 
  what would you do if your 12 years old daughter was raped , and birth could kill her ? 
  maybe best option would be to be better at monitoring abortions in poland ? 
  and take care of cases that currently break a law ? 
  i for example fully agree that mother should n't go for abortion solely due to high chance of child having down syndrome etc. 
  abortion will never be an easy decision . 
  i agree that 's not only about that . 
  but it 's mostly pushed by catholic church here . 
  i just want to know why they think that ? 
  in most cases they will go through religious explanation . 
  especially if they want to forbid abortion in any cases at any stage . 
  even when you child will be born without any senses and legs . 
  or with deformities that will cause constant high level pain and she/he will be unable to experience life because of that . 
  there is for sure stage at which it seems ` moral ' to make such decision . 
  it should be very hard decision to make , requiring doctors approval . 
  but if god intended someone to suffer , they should suffer . 
  seems like we need another [ mother from calcutta ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65jxnuw7wk4 ) . 
  [ me neither ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/417688cfbcb9240a8c34f3dd4135bd422a7af8a3/590_872_4785_2871/master/4785.jpg?w=1225&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=5d67680bf51ac3ea3086a9df46e32d0a ) church is currently pushing anti abortion , anti anti-conception laws . 
  if they could they would prohibit any form of non-standard partnership . 
  they are anti in vitro . 
  they do n't look for scientific explanation and reasoning but explain everything as `` that 's what god intended ' . 
  that 's not a way to go forward . 
  also the new legislature project was created by : http://www.en.ordoiuris.pl/ group of christian lawmakers , going for ` traditional christian poland ' . 
  so next will be anti-conception and others . 
  maybe they though he talked polish , our languages are quite similar . 
  oh come one , i moved few steps ahead and saw guy on a bike and few guys in suits . 
  so by that i would quickly assume it 's fucking financial district . 
  so he was a secretary ? 
  sad news . 
  but you need to remember that is not pis legislature . 
  it 's project presented by people . 
  it will now be ` edited ' by someone , i 'm not sure who will work on it . 
  maybe pis will decide to push it as it 's own with new version . 
  strange but understandable move was made by kaczynski ( leader of pis ) . 
  he voted for opposite ( liberal ) project to `` stop abortion '' to go through as well . 
  but it was done for show , as whole party votes went elsewhere . 
  so in short , maybe anit abortion laws will be stricter then now but it will not be as strict as what 's currently presented . 
  to be honest i do n't understand people that push such laws : / it 's so short sighted . 
  ugliest form of religious influence . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  i liked it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ec7re8cczj0, 
  in poland  what 's `` black people '' . 
  why are you getting angry at him ? 
  we should avoid stirring the pot even more . 
  we all know each country has those kind of dickheads . 
  and when you have such huge population of immigrants there is statistically bigger chance they will act stupid . 
  and in the end this is what those kind of dickheads want to achieve . 
  they want poles in uk to act up . 
  and when they do , everybody will turn against them . 
  so please filter your aggression accordingly , especially if targeted against people that are on our side . 
  poland had 29th place in 2014 , if we do per capita crime stats . 
  man are at 32th , women at 15th place . 
  if we just look at crime count . 
  poland is 6th , and polish women are 2nd ( wonder why  ) . 
  so , yes , polish people do more crime per capita then danish people . 
  but we do much less crime then immigrants in general . 
  most of top countries with higest per capita crime rate have islam as main religion . 
  some positive fact , immigrants from syria have very small per capita crime rate , close to danish one . 
  there is one major thing missing .
