  gdp 2.5 % in iii quarter against planned 2.9 % . 
  [ source ] ( http://businessinsider.com.pl/finanse/gus-pkb-w-iii-kwartale-2016-roku/ybkknk8 ) ( 2.9 % was an estimate by polish economists not gov. 
  gov estimated 3.8 % , @ajuc below provided interesting source ) i never saw 1.8 % value anywhere . 
  maybe i 'm missing something . 
  deficit in iii quarter was 50 % of planned value . 
  increase in social spending . 
  fighting of banks . 
  lowering retirement age etc. 
  they do n't hide it , their plan was clear and consequences are as well . 
  however , how long do they plan to go on with such approach ? 
  i hope they will start to balance things out . 
  also i love those trading suggestions . 
  things change so quickly . 
   will poland recover ? 
  not likely . 
  if you have access to cfds on wig20 , short it for profits ... even larger ouflux of capital from wig , resulting in continuous losses and ultimately -- to major crisis in economy . 
  yeah , that 's healthy smart open market for you !, 
  imperial threesome . 
  i wonder if there is already history themed porn . 
  driver was a cousin of the owner of the lorry company and said there is no way he did it . 
  goddammit : / edit : driver was cousin of owner of the company . 
  he said there is no way or indication he did it . 
  there is a chance they were hijacked . 
  germany , scandinavians , usa , and many more . 
  some of our debts were forgo which also helped a lot . 
  we are aware of that . 
  i 'm just glad the money was relatively well spent . 
  which probably many will now argue  i just hope we will become more valuable contributor to eu budget , and help others realize their full potential . 
  at the same time respecting past , but focusing on a road ahead . 
  which is a little bit hard with current gov we have . 
  so peaceful . 
  i agree , it looks much better . 
  and it 's not only painting , they are installing layer of isolation , so building looks kind of brand new . 
  [ standing so proudly ] ( http://images.nationalgeographic.com/wpf/media-live/photos/000/902/cache/meerkats-morning-upclose_90255_990x742.jpg ), 
  destroying history !, 
  / s here they are just painting them over with more vibrant colors . 
  looks fine to me . 
  so modern . 
  sorry , i just meant you specifically . 
  i 'm happy you are glad and can contribute to your new country , fully . 
  here , you would probably resent living , which would block ability to show your full potential . 
  i just hope that your new home is more stable then half of the world these day . 
  i personally dislike current government but i just do n't understand how for someone living here is just mainly about political climate , which changes so quickly . 
  ok , you are correct . 
  i read to quickly your point . 
  i 'll downvote myself as a punishment :p either way it 's fucking sad weekend beginning . 
  and seems like 2016 will have heavy , typical polish movie ending . 
  is n't preventing vote from taking place and preventing mp 's from voting the same ? 
  other mp 's blocked other mp 's from voting and further discussion on a budget . 
  we should focus on a guy that gives them order . 
  which i think is sejm marshal . 
  i 'm glad you do n't live here as well . 
  everybody wins . 
  on 16th of december we had voting for new 2017 budget . 
  opposition decided to focus on latest changes regarding media access to sejm . 
  guy that was currently having a podium , decide to focus on above as well . 
  he was removed . 
  opposition got angry and decided to take control of a podium , effectively blocking further budget voting/discussion . 
  everyone else moved to different room and they passed 2017 budget . 
  for interested , recording from 33 sejm session when this event occured : http://www.tvpparlament.pl/retransmisje-vod/sejm-rp/33-posiedzenie-sejmu-cz-2/28249648 podium takeover happens around 02:16:00 it 's hard for me to pick sides here . 
  doing something like that during voting on budget seems stupid to me . 
  on the other hand , moving to another room and blocking access for mp 's does n't scream democracy either . 
   `` from midnight till the end of a day on 16th of december , you will not see any politician on our site '' protesting hard i see . 
  seems like a gift . 
  fucking christmas queues . 
  `` mr avakov said the buyer hinted that the girl 's organs would be removed . '', 
  she also singled out vulnerable children . 
  i do n't think she will survive prison . 
  it would , but it 's nothing new . 
  christianity proclaims that god created everything in few days . 
  you can not go deeper then that . 
  it derives from kingdom of god : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_god_ ( christianity ) however , it 's stupid to also assign it to our peasant world . 
  but somehow they did . 
  or maybe they proclaimed jesus as king of gods kingdom . 
  i 've not idea . 
  so my understanding ism they decided to say : `` hey , jesus is important . 
  we like jesus . 
  we will follow his teachings . 
  i would love that as well . 
  and we had pretty good run with previous gov. 
  however , we are democracy and republic , with still big number of religious people to which this stuff is important . 
  i believe this things need to die out naturally . 
  and they will if we will get few peaceful decades . 
  new polish anthem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-nozu2ipa8, 
  i 'm not christian and i do n't care . 
  they did n't specifically say that jesus is king of poland . 
  this is normal bullshiterry about saying that jesus is a king in general ( gods kingdom , or whatever ) . 
  i 'm worried more about our latest changes in education system . 
  i 'm worried about dug out smolensk victims . 
  i 'm worried about our budget for 2017 , and what deficit will be in the end after 2016 . 
  we are slowly approaching eu limits . 
  i 'm worried about new idea to introduce common tax that will include healthcare and standard taxation for small businesses . 
  i care about our economy , if it can withstand all changes from 2015-2016 alone . 
  i 'm worried about our gov. 
  love for trump . 
  as for above religious event . 
  tis but a scratch . 
  it 's there but it was n't included i official speech , which is transcript of what 's put on their page ( excluding part in brackets ) . 
  however it seems like official site . 
  i agree that 's it 's fucking stupid to include seculars in it .
