  you , friends , family , redditors , . 
  you are free to pinpoint any problems with my assumptions , and i 'm welcome to consider them . 
  in the end : banks , people , we , me ? 
  we love our mothers . 
  i tried to find a source , and i only got same topic but for 18-34 range : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/products-datasets/-/ilc_lvps08 is this derived somehow from this dataset ? 
  or does someone has source to 25-29 range ? 
  it 's based on a survey . 
   these are reference interest rates . 
  libor is calculated of the average interest rates offered by big banks in london . 
  euribor is average of banks in europe . 
  you can diversify your loan payment risk by choosing euribor over your own banks interest rate when going in for a loan . 
  can you elaborate how this correlates with debt contracts or rating agencies ? 
  libor indicate rates at which banks borrow money between each other . 
  it in the end affects rates of other financial products , including credit . 
  it 's not pure average , they drop edge values . 
  how it relates to agencies . 
  both share currently only left space lacking any regulation . 
  major banks were charged with libor fraud which indicates they probably talked to each other to in the end affect result of libor value , which could suit their current needs . 
  and now civil lawsuits follows : https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/23/libor-manipulation-lawsuit-hsbc-barclays-ubs-bank-of-america-deutsche in short , it shows how ` honest ' whole system is without oversight . 
  i 'm worried that rating agencies are in a same space . 
  the fact that nothing changed in hundred of years , does n't mean that what we have is good . 
  i think we need to react , before it will cause more damage . 
  that 's all . 
  in the end , we need financial system . 
  and we need to fight to make it more reliable and open . 
  i know a lot of people push fear mongering against finances etc. 
  i 'm not for that . 
  but i think there is a lot of space for improvements . 
  and we need to remember that financial system affect shitload of people . 
  i agree . 
  eu run rating agency is a bad idea . 
  but for sure there is a need for some eu based agencies . 
  big three comes from usa , which not always shares our interest . 
  so as basic principle of safety and decentralization , eu should push set of principles and regulations for local rating agencies . 
  and maybe incentivize creation of few of them here in eu . 
  more competition !, 
  that 's sad . 
  they did some studies related to alternatives to credit agencies : http://ec.europa.eu/finance/rating-agencies/docs/151201-study_en.pdf there is also list of actions taken : http://ec.europa.eu/finance/rating-agencies/index_en.htm  ... on reducing over-reliance on credit ratings ( including by assessing potential alternatives to external credit ratings ) , good that they at least notice it as well . 
  now time for next steps , solutions . 
  i think nobody is saying that we should get rid of rating agencies . 
  but big trio currently operates behind curtains . 
  we should push for more oversight , transparency and peer review . 
  thanks for detailed response . 
   because risk is the most important factor of finance . 
  without credit rating agencies we 'd have to trust banks , institutions and countries rating their own products fairly and unbiased , see the irony ? 
  ever heard of libor/euibor ? 
  so when it 's about people/countries using banks , we have rating agencies . 
  but when it comes to ` guessing ' borrowing rates , it 's just between selected banks . 
   so rating agencies are n't accountable for the 2008 crisis , they just played a part in it ... 
  so they are one of accountable parts . 
  nobody is saying that financial sector wanted a crash . 
  but lack of oversight cause it . 
   credit rating only do ratings and their business operation consists of having scale economies on information . 
  they do n't `` pushing shit '' because it 's profitable for them . 
  all i 'm saying , if regulations were pushed on banks . 
  why not push some oversight on how ratings are done ? 
  their role in financial sector is currently quite big . 
   if they pushed shit today they 'd forfeit a reputation they have built over so many decades . 
  they lost a lot of credibility in 2008 , together will all major financial institutions . 
  luckily in eu , in some ways we are decoupled from their ratings , at least when borrowing money directly . 
  but it still affects bonds and other financial instruments and derivatives . 
   it 's just very hard to set appropriate regulation before things have hit the fan before . 
  i agree . 
  easier said then done . 
  especially you can not be fully transparent if you want to stay competitive . 
  but some big banks reached a level where they can fuck up whole country if they go broke . 
  that changed few things . 
  some of them splitted , to create managable point of failures . 
  but i 'm not sure if it 's just a facade and in the and will cause avalanche . 
  to sum up . 
  yes , rating agencies are needed . 
  but based on their role , they should operate more like scientific community , with transparency , oversight and peer review . 
  do you agree ? 
  i know how they are used . 
  but they are missing transparency and regulation . 
  does anyone reviews methodologies done for calculating ratings ? 
  i doubt anyone did that in 2008 . 
  they should operate in same fashion as scientific community , with peer reviews etc. 
  but we will wake up once again when something fucks up . 
  same goes for libor . 
  it 's beyond me how basic borrowing rate is fucking ` made ' up between banks . 
  but at least lately some banks got charged with manipulation . 
  i wonder when will time come for rating agencies . 
  there is a chance moodys will be hit with something . 
  but money charges will do nothing . 
  the thing they are scared most are regulations . 
  why everybody cares so much about those rating agencies ? 
  i hope they will be finally accountable for 2008 fuckup . 
  we need more transparency !, 
  we introduced regulation for banks but rating agencies are pushing the same shit as before . 
  or maybe , instead of changing rating agencies , we should just stop referencing them . 
  ** edit ** i know for what ratings are used . 
  i just do n't understand why everybody puts all their trust in big trio . 
  there is a need for more transparent , peer reviewed and scientific rating . 
  the closer to god you are , the younger they get . 
  tempting . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's quite nice . 
  if your friend gets more data for other cities then wroclaw then i think this can become pretty popular . 
  you were right .
