  it does n't mean what you think it means . 
  other way around . 
  you see what you want to see . 
  i wonder how ultras see people that `` abandoned '' their beloved country react to those events in uk . 
  i think most of them think that 's the price you pay for better economical status . 
  or are we talking about polish ultra nationalists living in uk  they need to be masters of agile ideas bending . 
  but yeah , something bad can happen if poles will band together to create opposition . 
  depends when and where you lived . 
  i 'm really sad you had such shitty friends . 
  when i was 10-16 , my friends family was coming from germany to visit him , and we never though to call them nazis . 
  germany was my favorite football team and it was n't controversial . 
  a lot of youngsters love bmw . 
  but i can see it . 
  some of my friends and me including treated some other friends shitty at some point in our young life . 
  if you were poor or believed openly in something different then god and jesus , you had higher chance to have shitty childhood . 
  as for church . 
  the main problem is anti conception and their attitude to abortion laws and general women well being . 
  here in my opinion lays main problem . 
  afterwards it 's mandatory church tax . 
  then , shitty strategies to exploit old people . 
  dislike regarding forceful migration of syrian muslims is caused by media , mostly . 
  but church is not helping out . 
  for me it 's outrageous . 
  institution that is build on helping out people in need , finds a way to go against pope wishes . 
  as for my generation . 
  i can not speak for everyone , but the main cause of muslim dislike is for sure media . 
  if you for example ask people how they would react if muslims would force us to use arabic numerals , a lot of people would say they would n't allow for that , 
  what ? 
  we love foreigners . 
  our current politicians do n't like refugees from syria that much , but other then that we seem quite inviting . 
  of course we do n't have that many people moving here due to low wages . 
  but we have a lot of amazing ukrainians which i personally love to work with . 
  more beautiful women  . 
  problem is , ukrainian men are statistically more handsome then us . 
  but i think our women deserve some reward from time to time  keep it comming guys !, 
  we need more poles !, 
  i read your statement few times . 
  i do n't understand what are you trying to imply . 
  everything that is different causes opportunity for aggression in certain groups . 
  starting from family , your favorite team , through countries and race . 
  what those people meant , is that middle easterners , in average , give more those `` difference '' points . 
  so more people can pick and choose their reason . 
  in case of poles , you can pick from , destroying job market , some occasional rapes here and there , and ending with our favorite , stealing . 
  you can also hate us for spreading those ugly red and white polish shops . 
  in case of middle easterners + pakistan , you go through similar list , with a little bit more rape on top , occasional explosions and `` macheting '' . 
  and from time to time , muslim brothers are trying really hard to make you love their religion and comply with their religion rules . 
  i 'm personally for dublin resolution . 
  it needs some improvement regarding penalties for not accepting refuges , but generally eu should be for good and bad . 
  i like it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zsi4pg_1d8 i 'm imagining that they sing about how amazing prince polo is . 
  i will start using it when describing culinary recipes . 
  or , i just have my new favorite drink `` chav to pole ratio '' . 
  this is just another level :(, 
  evenly spread . 
  i have a bad feeling about it . 
  amazing !, 
  love the atmosphere . 
  air quality for sure is better in wroclaw . 
  haha , i would love to watch eurasian movie about jurij bu\u0161 . 
  i did n't meant poland was `` the best '' . 
  just generally , how many people were recognized for their courage during holocaust . 
  and if you want to calculate who did most , you need to consider amount of german forces deployed , how much they focused on finding jews and how many jews were rescued per rescuer . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rescue_of_jews_by_poles_during_the_holocaust#statistics there are various estimation of how many rescuers where in poland . 
  goes from 100 k to 3 mil , with 1 mln being an med . 
  i think we need new song from sabaton . 
  we have whole sub reddit dedicated to ridiculing us . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball i like kebeb , if that matters . 
  you got what you wanted at the end . 
  the shortest path to human heart is through stomach ( or chest ) . 
  does this guy have cape made from khajiit ? 
  i would love if they figure out how to modernize old trains to make them cheaper . 
  and then use for tourist purpose . 
  but by the look of it , it 's already having some people taking pictures onboard . 
  we are all waiting for half life 3 . 
  yeah , cameron singing when leaving explosions behind , i though it was some kind of political parody . 
  you guys do my favorite kind of comedy . 
  it 's not about being afraid . 
  such move requires shitload of planning . 
  which actually should be done a little bit before voting . 
  but i think nobody expected such result , even brexit side . 
  yeah , that 's my point . 
  fotsie jumped above brexit level : https://www.google.pl/search?q=fotsie&amp;oq=fotsie&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.143j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=utf-8#safe=off&amp;q=ftse, 
  cinematography and literature is easy one . 
  architecture , music is tougher . 
  if i would put anthem of ussr on my speakers it could bring strange looks . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u06jlgpmtqs and it 's quite beautiful . 
  guys , is there any good news coming from uk ? 
  it looks like we switched gears too far . 
  i think they become more criticized then russia lately . 
  i wonder if it 's realistic representation or just how media works . 
  true . 
  just wanted to say it 's fairly more then czajnik  we also rusified some words because they were shorter . 
  i personally have nothing against russian culture . 
  it 's quite beautiful and it 's sad we can not enjoy it fully due to political situation . 
  i think we have quite a lot borrowings . 
  list of few of them : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/rusycyzm interesting video about it in polish , sadly no subtitles : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmb9spo6qv0, 
  pour me another one !, 
  here we go !, 
  it 's also interesting to see that most aggressive countries that survived , are now most liberal ones . 
  not sure if trying to recuperate or just matter of evolution . 
  read his other posts .
