  you 'd have to deal with a barely closeted neo-nazi . 
  she 's not an `` upstart '' . 
  she 's her father 's heir , and like her father before her she 's vichyite scum . 
  putin 's backing her because she 'd weaken the eu , preventing its members from presenting an effective united economic front against russia . 
  good for them , not going under a bar that 's practically on the floor . 
  only slightly harder to not go under than [ being better than isis ] ( https://i.redd.it/sg019k36jtey.jpg ) . 
  that is a * very * low bar and you know that . 
  you really think ccp internal politicking is based on merit , do n't you . 
  we 're so sorry . 
  people hate ay-rabs and their neighbors that much and she 's a demagogue who said she 'd defend them from ay-rabs and their neighbors . 
  you mean ( ( ( them ) ) ) and ( ( ( they ) ) ) . 
  he staged the moon landing ... * on venus !, 
  send help, 
  erdogan was plagueis 's apprentice , remember ? 
  it 's just good business . 
  no sharia death squads ? 
  r/the _ donald lied to me !, 
  obama tried to tell us a lot of things . 
  more of us should have listened . 
  what 's your major malfunction ? 
  you a self-hating closet case or are you butthurt one of * those * people is going out with the girl you have a crush on ? 
  i wan na know what your shitty personality stems from . 
  so ebin xd, 
  orcs are the abused soldiery of the world . 
  `` we were all orcs in the great war . '', 
  dwarves are jews , according to tolkien . 
  putting more possible points of failure into something than it strictly needs to have and making it take more time and resources to make is not really a bad thing ? 
  no , i 'm saying the tiger is not a symbol of great military engineering . 
  great military overengineering , maybe . 
  if a t-34 is a symbol of oppression by the dang dirty russians , then a tiger is a symbol of the germans ' dreams of extermination . 
  [ friendly reminder . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ), 
  might erdogan be trying to bring azerbaijan into turkey 's own sphere rather than nato 's ? 
  my sides hurt . 
  do n't worry , it 's far more likely erdogan will merge with a vast number of sandtrout and become a human/sandworm hybrid . 
  he will use his combination of prescience and immortality to become the bloodiest , most monstrous tyrant in human history , unite all mankind in undying hatred of him and everything he stands for ... and then , once he 's arranged for a bloodline of people who are blindspots in his prescience , be killed by them . 
  and mankind will embrace freedom and change , to spite his memory . 
  just as he intended it to . 
  how are we still in the green ? 
  he is ? 
  bill gates is n't a jew . 
  he 's harder to make into a boogeyman . 
   pis is withdrawing funds from military and use them to create new paramilitary organisation ( sort of volunteer defense initiative ) , controlled by them , outside of army chain-of-command . 
  this is not okay . 
  at all . 
  very unfair !, 
  sad !, 
  i think what he 's trying to say is that it 's not an actual threat to polan . 
  it 's a boogeyman being exploited by demagogues . 
  best of luck , poland . 
  r'hllor hungers !, 
  t. / tv /, 
  i 'm always eager to shit on balts who try to downplay nazi germany and generally try to rewrite history , generally by informing them what a german victory would have meant for their people 's continued existence . 
  but this ? 
  i 'm with the lithuanians on this . 
  the lithuanian forest brothers , near as i can tell , have a clean record vis-a-vis the nazis . 
   three guesses as to which imperial hegemon bribed these lords to do exactly just that ? 
  what do i win ? 
  thanks , postmodernism !, 
  shame that 's not how our voting system works . 
  i take it a ) you 're a german and b ) your only regret about ww2 was losing . 
   non-politically correct and non-correct , for that matter . 
  besides , he 's had his ninety days to come up with his `` extreme vetting '' . 
  why does he still need a ban-that 's - totally-not-a-ban ? 
  too slow . 
  your idol managed to reach that point in about five years , why not try to beat his record ? 
  and while you 're at it , why not try to beat his twelve year record for going from being in complete control to blowing your brains out huddled in a basement , your dreams of a final victory over the degenerate subhuman enemies of your superior race shattered beyond repair ? 
   there are no peaceful ones , it 's all taqiyya . 
  i thought you pseudointellectuals did n't like kafka traps ? 
   while slowly making it uncomfortable for the ones here what 's the timetable you had in mind for going from zero to kristallnacht ? 
  i said concentration camps , not death camps . 
  they can be used as re-education camps or processing centers for mass deportation just as easily as they can be used as extermination facilities . 
  haha . 
  there 's a future in comedy for ( you ) . 
  how do you suggest going about this ? 
  making it legal to go kristallnacht on british muslims and their property ? 
  of course he 's not . 
  he 's salty that people are refusing to be terrorized instead of joining him in demanding concentration camps . 
  when you 're done with that , you might want to get some mates and chart out some sort of , how to say it , a definitive answer to this conundrum . 
  a final solution to the muslim question , if you will . 
  might get some reddit gold from that guy for it . 
  that 's exactly what he means , yes . 
  how dare he not feel terrorized by the terrorists !, 
  he should be just as afraid and vengeful and bloodthirsty as i am !, 
  t. r/the _ donald, 
  he 's from polan . 
  hover your mouse over the flag . 
  the holocaust and generalplan ost were orders of magnitude worse than anything the soviets had in mind . 
   what is the holocaust  what is generalplan ost, 
  my condolences for the downvotes you 're getting . 
  reminder that , according to the steele dossier , parts of trump 's camp are thankful that all the focus on their crooked dealings with russia are keeping people from looking into their crooked dealings with china . 
  funny way to spell '' [ fled into the night rather than take responsibility for the monster they created ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e6/frontispiece_to_frankenstein_1831.jpg ) '' . 
  britain wants a quiet life . 
  honeypot or honeydick ? 
  this is an important distinction . 
  inquiring minds wish to know . 
  it also helps that in america , you can get less votes than your opponent and still win . 
  i feel your pain all too keenly . 
  t. burger, 
  it 's totally not a monarchy , just like best korea totally is n't a monarchy .
