  mein kampf , for one . 
  i feel you bro . 
  i mean , who cares about the holocaust being seen through to the end so long as the dang dirty russians were exterminated with the other undesirables ? 
  jews , communists ( which he thought were all either jews or useful idiots of jews ) , socialists , social democrats , jews , the french , slavs ( except the ones he was convinced were actually aryans speaking a slavic language ) , jews , americans , pretty much everyone in germany in his final days , jews ... 
  i can respect that . 
  man , the nazis were just getting started with the murders during the war , and they stopped when they lost . 
  wherever in the baltics you 're from , if the nazis were in it for as long as the fuggin gommies were it would n't exist anymore . 
  not as anything you 'd recognize , at least . 
  according to what i 've read , the crimean tatars were deported by stalin , then politically rehabilitated by kruschev and allowed to return . 
  a terrible thing , to be sure , but not in the same league . 
  you 've convinced me . 
  surely you would have been found an aryan people after all . 
  surely himmler could be convinced that you were n't too polluted with slav blood . 
  one that wanted to exterminate the people living there was replaced by one that did n't . 
  glad we 've come to an agreement . 
  they were n't . 
  they were planning to replace the population with germans . 
  i would n't go * as far * as you , croatbro , but i do admit it 's a bit funny watching balts get assblasted when i point out that most of them would have been gassed and/or deported to siberia and/or deliberately worked to death to make room for german settlers ( and their cultures and languages destroyed to make the children of whoever 's left think of themselves as germans ) if the axis had won . 
  a bit . 
  mostly it 's just sad . 
  first paragraph : where did i dispute that ? 
  second paragraph : you say that like the us and uk were in any position , militarily speaking , to force the su to keep its word that there would be fair elections . 
  takes a big man to admit making a mistake . 
  good on you . 
  til henry viii 's reign was over a thousand years ago . 
  did it necessarily ? 
  between the soviets rekking the kwantung army and the us navy strangling the home islands , there was massive support in the civilian government for surrender . 
  were nukes * necessarily * the one thing that could have possibly made the emperor come out in favor of the surrender ? 
  it * did * liberate polan and czechia and the baltics , but only in the sense that moscow , unlike berlin , did n't have long term plans to exterminate and/or deport the locals so that their lebensraum could be more productively used by aryan settlers . 
  it was a delaying measure to kick the german invasion can down the road , like the munich agreement . 
  at least , in what i 've read of it . 
  in that sense , it was defensive . 
  shame that [ ze germans were planning to kill and/or deport half the estonians and latvians and the vast majority of the lithuanians and erase the culture and language of those who were left . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost#phases_of_the_plan_and_its_implementation ), 
  no shit . 
  i 'm not saying that , i 'm asking if it 's okay in your book to call nazis nazis . 
  what about calling someone a nazi because they want `` peaceful ethnic cleansing '' ? 
  they are n't being bullied , humiliated , or ignored . 
  they just think they are , because they have persecution complexes . 
  do you have kids ? 
  because i do n't , and i 'm guessing i 'm older than you . 
  congratulations , france . 
  on ne passe pas !, 
  very unfair !, 
   is that supposed to be ironic ? 
  most of them do n't even know anymore . 
  the dark side of the force does that sort of thing to its wielders , no matter how noble their initial intentions . 
  * witch she sold her immortal soul to the \u0414\u044c\u044f\u0432\u043e\u043b for power , and conjures forth the damned shades of pierre laval and joseph darnand for the purposes of prophesying the future . 
  * replicants and now , replicants are far , far more humane than they are . 
  is this an official sequel to [ victoria ] ( https://desuarchive.org/k/search/subject/let%27s%20read%20victoria/ ) or a fan sequel / k / made ? 
  * annexation of crimea, 
  those conflicts are probably gon na be put on hold until we have a president who does n't have massive conflicts of interest . 
  breathe easy for now , dutchbro . 
  assuming macron wins . 
  what sino-american conflicts ? 
  china gave the pussy grabber-in-chief and his daughter-bride very valuable trademarks , now he 's all on board with them . 
  le pen is a fascist on putin 's payroll . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is n't either of those . 
  i 've noticed that the far right only ever says good things about the lgbtwhatever the acronym has metastasized into community when they want to go on about how muslims are intolerant savages who will kill them all , and only _ they _ can keep the ~ ~ degenerate faggots ~ ~ potential future targets of raghead barbarism safe . 
  you ask the impossible . 
  beady, 
  no , but they can be french/german/austrian / whatever if they gain french/german/austrian / whatever citizenship . 
  what massive , quality of life-destroying crisis is threatening polan today ? 
  no , you 'd be an american . 
  native americans are something else . 
  or , as seems to be far more common , they start out fully embracing european culture and society , only to grow alienated from it and turn against it . 
  i 'm being nice and assuming you 're raising the subject in good faith . 
  ... i.e. 
  people who were born in europe or whose parents were also born in europe ? 
  the camera 's over there !, 
   neoliberal there 's that word again . 
  and they do . 
  but the far-right cultists do n't want to hear that , because it 's harder to meme about things you ca n't boil down into a strawman . 
  get your shit together for 2022 then , so that it 'll be one of yours going against the queen of the vichyites . 
  better late than never , i suppose . 
  and like trump , she 's got putin 's seal of approval . 
  unlike trump , she 's genuinely a fascist , as opposed to `` just '' being a stupid greedy asshole who neo-nazis rally around . 
  [ on the off chance you 're asking in good faith and not just pretending to be retarded . 
  an excuse to wave around a totally-not-a-nazi flag and to hurf and durf about cultural relativism . 
  when you put it that way ... 
  both . 
  all the trump voters who have an opinion on the eu at all , anyway . 
  * directly * your problem . 
  they know . 
  they just do n't care . 
  very . 
  lem me tell ya , it 's not so funny when he 's directly your problem . 
  still a little funny . 
  that 's the '' '' '' `` joke '' '' '' '' . 
  not to be confused with the joke that is internet neo-nazis ' persecution complexes . 
  and is on putin 's payroll . 
  easier than a fascist president . 
  words that kill, 
  the best kind of correct . 
  you 're just as much a part of the problem as her . 
  i know . 
  i do n't , i 'm just baffled you think your people would have been spared if germany won . 
  but who knows ? 
  maybe you would have been vindicated if the third reich acquired its lebensraum . 
  maybe lithuanians would have been declared honorary aryans .
