if it means anything , all of them were the products of two or more generations of incest . 
  they 're the mcpoyles if the mcpoyles were immortals with phenomenal cosmic power . 
  depends on the version of the story ( that 's the thing about these myths , they started out as oral traditions and got written down in different forms as elements get added and subtracted by the telephone game ) . 
  another version says she was always a gorgon , and had two older sisters who were also gorgons . 
  we 're talking american agents , not russian agents . 
  but why did the dang dirty germans hate him so much ? 
  depends on whether or not any separatist movements crop up . 
  that 's how post-soviet russia operates ; it does n't unilaterally invade countries on its borders , it puts already existing separatists under its umbrella and creates a frozen conflict . 
  .5 rubles have been deposited in your bucket . 
  unexpected nepalese sanctuary for the french government-in-exile . 
  `` i 've got your arm ! '', 
  `` so _ shove it up your ass !, 
  ** ahahahaha - ** _ '' * [ gun clicking noises ] * '' ... well that 's not fair at all ... '', 
  better than the special privileges the uk was already given to incentivize it to join in the first place ? 
  third rome . 
  after all , manafort did work for erdogan as well as putin . 
  the electoral college is an absurd anachronism , but us having a two party system is just a fact of life . 
  it does n't help that [ jill stein , who got more votes in the states that gave trump the election than trump 's margin of victory in those states , is a putin shill ] ( http://images.dailykos.com/images/330928/story_image/flynn.jpg?1479834100 ) . 
  no , that is not what happened . 
  but what do i know , i just live here . 
  we did n't . 
  hillary got 2.86 million more votes than him . 
  unfortunately , our bullshit presidential election system means trump won because those 2.86 million votes were n't in the correct places . 
  the real damning indictment of our country is how few people showed up to vote or wasted their votes on a third party or write-in candidate . 
  he does n't read . 
  trump is the darksydephil of american presidents . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  this was n't supposed to happen . 
  i hate our culture of anti-intellectualism . 
  also , fuck the saud family . 
  that 's just how the voting system works in this country . 
  is this a popular idea or an unpopular idea in france ? 
  amerifat here , have no idea what the situation is like there . 
  i just know this would be very unpopular here . 
  we have that already . 
  it 's called the primaries . 
  it was released in '43 and rereleased in ' 47 . 
  yes , exactly like that . 
  third parties are spoilers in this country when they are n't nonentities . 
  i take it you think hillary 's 2.86 million vote lead was entirely due to illegal immigrants ? 
  that 's their problem , not hillary 's . 
  just like all those people who voted for nader back in 2000 . 
  get republicans elected every november, 
  democracy , more than any other form of government , is dependent on the consent of the governed . 
  a democratic executive who is to represent the whole of a body politic to the world governing without consensus is a failure of democracy . 
  imagine living here knowing * that * is in the white house . 
  at least more and more is coming out about his dodgy ties to putin and his pet oligarchs, 
  better . 
  and nothing like trump . 
  camacho was a public servant who would go out of his way to find the smartest people he could and knew when he was in over his head . 
  there was never going to be a rest . 
  thank, 
  china this , china that ... what if worst comes to worst , and the demagogues russia 's backing manage to break up the eu ? 
  the us is a sovereign nation , not an alliance of sovereign nations . 
  less than half the * voters who showed up * ( our voter participation rate is atrociously low ) . 
  but , since a few hundreds of thousands of trump votes were in the correct states , trump became president even though 2.86 million more people voted for hillary . 
  we have third parties , it 's just that our voting system means that everyone just gathers around two parties . 
  and the third parties we do have do n't want to do the groundwork of getting local and state offices , they just want to go straight to the presidency . 
  eurobros , please do n't hold president affluenza against us . 
  our presidential election rules mean you can potentially get less votes than your opponent and win anyway . 
  that 's how we got bush , and that 's how we got trump . 
  it 's insanely stupid , yes . 
  we 're so sorry for our shitty presidential election system . 
  if we had one like any of yours , hillary would be president and all would be right in the world . 
  send help, 
  it is . 
  thought so . 
  is that illegal in france ? 
  remove collaborator remove collaborator you are worst fascist . 
  you are the fascist idiot you are the fascist smell . 
  return to russia . 
  to our ukip cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , vichy we will never forgeve you . 
  milice rascal fuck but fuck asshole fascist stink vichy sqhipere shqipare . . fascist genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead fascist . . ahahahahahvichy we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . 
  ironic , coming from the guy who said nazi germany is the sort of government he wants his government to emulate . 
  speaking as an amerifat , * how * is geert wilders the only member of his party ? 
  would n't its mps also be members ? 
  the eternal kraut ruins europe yet again, 
  she is n't . 
  she really is n't . 
   ( or how moderate she tries to appear ) that 's the one . 
  vote for them in the first round , and in the second round vote for whichever candidate you think best represents your positions . 
  that 's how democracy works a lot of the time . 
  you ca n't always get * everything * you want , and when that happens it 's a choice between someone who 'd get you * most * of what you want and someone who 's * against * what you want . 
  a lot of people did n't understand that last year , and that 's one of the reasons we got trump . 
  just like in 2000 , when people who did n't understand that are one of the reasons we got bush . 
  those could be erdogan assassinations . 
  same difference . 
  it 's right there in that comment you first responded to , numbnuts . 
  the one quoting that article . 
  what le pen proposes is putting all nonwhite ( and many white ) french citizens at the back of the line , even if they were born in france . 
  immigrants ca n't become french citizens ? 
  they 're french citizens . 
  the law must apply equally to all citizens or else it 's worthless . 
  it 's true though , at least for presidential elections . 
  please learn from our downfalls , france . 
  you 'll get it so much worse than us anglos . 
  we have to deal with stupid , self-serving assholes thanks to our mistakes .
