economic migrants is there any evidence for this ? 
  i tried using `` scared and angry dudes on reddit '' as a source but for some reason they laughed me out the room :\\  previous rufugee camp jordan seems [ pretty full ] ( https://reddit.com/r/pics/comments/3kswgi/a_syrian_refugee_camp_in_jordan/ ) tbh, 
  where is the common sense here ? 
  if you 're a father in syria , you 're not gon na send your wife or your kids , you go yourself or with your brother or older sons . 
  it 's not like anybody here would go `` no you go on kids , i 'll wait here '' ? 
  it 's a very dangerous trip . 
  you could try constantly complaining on reddit about it instead of lobbying your local politician , i hear that 's the style of the time to enact political change . 
  calm down lol, 
  i do n't get why people complain about them not integrating when they clearly dislike them and do n't want to be around them , and want to be around their own kind no different to them . 
  is n't the whole point of anti-immigration that people want to be around their own kind ? 
  it 's the same reason we have gay villages and china towns , and it 's the same reason people do n't want immigrants in the first place ; people like to go outside and not stick out like a sore thumb , and feel more comfortable and secure around their own . 
  everyone is the same , humans are a tribalistic species . 
  you ca n't blame people for wanting to be around their own when you want and do the exact same thing , and then complain they do n't intergrate when you 'd just complain about the influx of foreigners in your neighbourhoods or schools when they do anyway . 
  the problem with agenda pushing is people do n't recognise it as agenda pushing or propaganda when it 's what they like to hear . 
  there 's a guy who posts exclusively about islam and feminism in / r/unitedkingdom but people do n't mind because it 's what they want to see , never questioning he might be biased or manipulative . 
  / r/conspiracy has arrived right on time they ca n't win can they ? 
  they say `` we disagree with this '' , you say they 're actually lying and are secretly plotting a nefarious plan to reveal their true nature as soon as they get a majority , going upstairs to a room full of children after serving you in the shop pretending to be nice and cackling saying `` soon ... soon ... '' absolutely ludicrous , and it reminds me of a similar conspiracy propagated in germany back in the day . 
  it 's my best mates birthday and basement jaxx are playing a free gig in the park !, 
  the sun is out and bargain booze are selling 4 cans of lager for # 2.50 !, 
  gon na be a blast, 
  lol , i do n't think computers are going to be stealing the jobs the immigrants do in my mothers nursing home . 
  unless you can program a computer to strip an old woman with dementia and put her in the shower , or out source her to india . 
  the immigrants go for cleaning jobs , nursing home work , stuff nobody from the uk really applies for because they have much higher standards than african immigrants . 
  and that 's why i went back to college to get a qualification in it and programming , because that 's where the jobs are . 
  anyone else can do the same instead of complaining immigrants are taking jobs they do n't even apply for every interview i 've ever had has been 99 % british with the odd indian here and there . 
  why ? 
  because all the immigrants apply for cleaning jobs and nursing home jobs , ones i do n't apply for because they suck . 
  in fact the biggest complaints in the uk are towards eastern european immigrants undercutting minimum wage in the construction sector ; but for some reason this sub does n't seem to take too kindly to the idea we should close the borders to polish immigrants , because they 're also polish . 
  same for how they love to talk about `` immigrant homophobia '' but bring up the polish immigrant throwing acid on a gay guy in london and no no , that 's different . 
  most people on reddit do n't even work , they 're students . 
  so they do n't even know what they 're on about because they 've never had a job interview and seen for themselves it is n't overun with immigrants who do n't speak the language, 
  do n't know how it is where you are but as far as i know refugees are n't even allowed to work where i 'm from and yeah everyone says they 're `` economic migrants '' but i 'm sure you understand i ca n't really use `` random 20 year old programming student on reddit assured me that was the case '' as a source . 
  you `` all know '' because you 've convinced each other that is the case in a never ending circle jerk of reaffirmation ; i have yet to see actual evidence, 
  so what 's so different about this wave that will do what every other wave failed to do ? 
  btw every job interview i 've ever had was 99 % british , in fact the people i complain about stealing my jobs are the huge waves of students from the south , not immigrants . 
  refugees are n't even allowed to work so that 's not an issue . 
  i 've worked with one girl from india and one from somalia who were both a joy to work with , everyone else was british , and the somalian guy was a super scary muslim as well . 
  he knew i was gay also . 
  can you believe i survived ? 
  the indian girl gave me a legit henna tattoo on our break , everyone was jealous . 
  she had a finance degree but it was n't recognised here so had to do some shitty call centre bank job . 
  honestly i 'd take kiran and ibrahim over the snotty gobby british girls as colleagues any day of the week , much less drama and headaches . 
  that 's my opinion and experience , others might disagree but it is what it is, 
  so i 'll take that as a `` maybe , i dunno '' then, 
  out of all the waves of refugees and immigrants throughout history , do you really think this will be the one which destroys european culture or whatever ? 
  good !, 
  greedy , entitled , spoiled bastards deserve worse , now back to lying next to the fire with my tesco finest pie watching netflix on my ps4 and browsing reddit while smoking recreational drugs paid for with government benefits and talking about how much my life sucks, 
  my advice is to not source your opinion from the kind of kids who go on reddit and play poltical scientist after tea and before bed time . 
  always a whole lot of black with very little blue if you know what i mean . 
  we do take asylum seekers ... 
  sugar rush lmao that 's like over a decade old , nobody even remembers it . 
  i remember the ridiculous parents more than the girl being a lesbian and i knew gay people existed long before that show . 
  i 'd have thought you would have mentioned the much more recent `` pride '' about how labour came to support the gay rights movement because of miner groups so do you consider everything pre-90s that portrayed homosexual characters exclusively as murderers and lunatics since the 1920s as `` gay propaganda '' as well ? 
  or is that conveniently not propaganda because it makes them look bad ? 
  so what propaganda are they pushing to influence kids being gay then ? 
  positive = politically correct propaganda , negative = `` truth '', 
  i 'm also gay lol , funny how when you say `` oh flamboyant gays suck i agree , i 'm not like them '' people do n't care that you 're disparaging a group of people , they say you 're the coolest gay guy ever in fact, 
  oh yeah the media is `` pushing '' being gay by not having things that are nasty and denigrating like they used to so it must be propaganda , but i 'm sure if they pushed anti-gay `` propaganda '' you 'd have no issue with that influencing kids , including young gay kids . 
  did you grow up gay under thatchers section 28 ? 
  because i did . 
  oh , so once the far right get in power and get rid of all the immigrants we all loathe and can get on board with , they 'll just leave gays and liberals alone like usual yeah ? 
  it 's not just a desperate grab for power using emotional manipulation and fear to convince groups the far right have always loathed that they 'll be perfectly left alone afterwards as long as they 're on board with the immigration issue ? 
   but stop thinking that being homosexual and voting for the far right is incompatible unless you are being in denial , this is absolutly not true . 
  what have the far right done for gay people ? 
  i guess , so they believe children 's sexuality can be swayed by societies influence . 
  but what is the overall goal of influencing people to be gay or trans ? 
  i do n't want anymore people to be lgbt than is natural , i only want those who are lgbt to be left alone . 
  i 'm not interested in `` converting '' people or whatever, 
  have you ever gotten to know one of these people ? 
  i used to work in a call centre , my team consisted of about 10 british people and 2 immigrants . 
  ibrahim , the sweetest guy i ever met . 
  muslim * and * somalian , which scared me because the only experience i had with somalians was in school , and it was n't pleasant . 
  him being muslim of course also augmented my fear . 
  but he turned out to be the friendliest , happiest chappy i 've ever met . 
  he would pray 5 times a day in the toilet , he knew i was gay but he did n't react badly , he was always so nice . 
  i saw him recently working delivery for pizza hut , he shouted me and ran up to me and shook my hand , very happy to see me . 
  i was glad to see him again and catch up with him , he asked about my boyfriend , i asked about his girlfriend , it was very pleasant . 
  absolutely stand up guy , love him . 
  i 'll never forget ibrahim , he changed me . 
  a girl from india , got a degree in finance in india but was n't recognised here , so she worked in this call centre , a job far below her skills . 
  i used to have to convince her customers on the phone she was in fact in england , not india . 
  english hate indian call centres !, 
  she was such a sweet girl , we would get the bus home together , she would play me her indian music on her ipod in embarrassment , but i said i 'm a musician and can appreciate most music , do n't worry . 
  she gave me a henna tattoo on my hand and arm one dinner break , we talked about how she would do this for people to earn money back at home . 
  you do n't have an experience like this do you ? 
  you do n't know any ibrahims or kiran 's , and that 's why you fear them and i do n't . 
  and as for your comment on `` indoctrinating children with carnal psycho sexuality '' , what exactly are you talking about ? 
  this is very cryptic, 
  if your view is that the nefarious and mysterious `` they '' want to pull a `` divide and conquer '' shtick , why are you buying into it ? 
  hmm i guess that 's true , i really do n't know much about politics i generally try to steer clear lol , but this immigration hysteria is getting a bit much . 
  it 's not as bad as the news and the internet makes it out to be when you actually go outside and talk to people, 
  well the conservative party in the uk got 50 % voting against equal marriage compared to labour and lib dem 's 5 % or whatever . 
  and ukip has said the kind of homophobia i only see on remastered 70s television shows . 
  why stop at crime rates for ethnic groups ? 
  look at crime rates for men as a whole compared to women . 
  i propose we go one step further in cutting down on violent crime by not just binning men from racial minority backgrounds , but all men . 
  the best part is when they try to convince me to join their brigade because of immigrant homophobia , as if they would n't throw gay people in the chopper right after them if they had their way . 
  since when has right wing gave a crap about gay people ? 
  they 're still our primary source of discrimination and violence and always have been . 
  and they expect me to believe they suddenly care about gay people ?
