  what bollocks needless to say if the goal is to get me to sympathise with their cause it ends up having a rather different effect it 's sad that people have been convinced that immigration is such a huge massive world ending issue , voting in a far right party will be a net gain for society . 
  after they kick out all the immigrants they 'll quickly realise they 've made a rather silly mistake , having to live under 5 years of far right rule . 
  is an immigrant free society worth trading for that ? 
  for me , not at all . 
  i 'd still end up in the chopper at the end of the day , once i 've served my purpose as a tool . 
  sex is usually useful for other things in a species other than reproduction , otherwise gay people probably would n't be around and we would n't like do blow jobs and all of that . 
  check out the nature and evolution sections at / r/lgbtlibrary there 's interesting information on how bonobos use homosexuality compared to how swans use homosexuality ; both for different reasons , but in ways that help the species in the big picture so it 's theorised it 's selected for and not selected against . 
  the way swans use homosexuality is especially bizarre and amusing . 
  you know the only people who say being gay is `` fashionable '' and `` trendy '' ... are heterosexuals . 
  most people avoid coming out as a teenager in order to avoid inevitable bullying or alienation , who gets positive attention saying they 're bisexual or gay in school except in a few very small isolated pockets of the world ? 
  personally i think most people get bi curious from time to time , including gay people . 
  that 's why this survey is probably so high ; bi curious thoughts or experimenting will probably be included . 
  this survey is anonymous as well so i do n't see what lying would achieve . 
  i generally agree with the kinsey scale model myself , in which most people fall on the 2-5 end and get bi curious from time to time , which means these results are n't very surprising, 
  noooooo !, 
  if there is a risk of attack , even a small one , then it 's a realistic fear . 
  because you only have to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and that 's that . 
  and since there is a risk of attack in every town and city in the world , even if it 's just a small one , the fear is always there , and the fear is always warranted . 
  i know every time i do pda in public i 'm risking mine and my partners life . 
  and one day i might be in the wrong place at the wrong time and accept that risk . 
  but i believe the only way to destroy the fear is to normalise it , and people will end up having to take punches before that happens . 
  some will die . 
  maybe i 'll be one of the unlucky ones who has to take the flack before it 's normalised , but i 've made peace with that . 
  i 've only seen two gay couples in my city in public in my life , and it made me feel safer and happy . 
  i would like to give that feeling to others , and i hope that by seeing me , they are more confident to do it themselves , and then the tipping point will come and the blanket of fear will be broken . 
  it 's a catch 22 ; they hide because it is unsusual , but if they did n't hide it would n't be unusual . 
  so it must be normalised through a collective effort by inspiring others and taking a risk yourself and making yourself visible , but before it 's normalised and people stop having something to fear , a lot of people will have to be beaten and killed . 
  more people need to take a risk to be visible in order to break the catch 22 and normalise it so others are n't afraid because it 's so unusual and violence is no longer a reaction because it 's no longer unusual your post is nice and comes from a good place , but unfortunately will do nothing to remedy my anxiety next time i am visible in public , because as long as the risk is there , even if it 's small , the fear will be there , and it 's a rational fear . 
  i could go decades having no trouble at all , but all it takes is being in the wrong place at the wrong time just once and i am dead meat . 
  and i 'll probably never see it coming or have any warning , ill just turn a corner and boom . 
  in my cities gay village in the past 4 years there has been a few attacks , one on my own partner and another on a policeman leaving a bar , ambushed by a gang . 
  i 've left that bar a hundred times , and i could have easily been the one ambushed . 
  it could happen tomorrow . 
  you never know, 
  i was replying to your comment that western europe are prejudiced towards poles , explaining that its not their nationality but the numbers most of the time . 
  most people who arent affected dont care, 
  here people are against polish people emmigrating because they take up a huge amount of factory and building work from the working class . 
  its about the sheer numbers of polish people , not their nationality . 
  are you unironically suggesting that a single sentence posted by a random polish guy is worth more than numerous detailed posts by qualified historians ? 
  if you think national socialism was \u00a8 socialist \u00a8 simply because it was in the name may i introduce you to the democratic paradise that is * the democratic republic of north korea *, 
  lmao this sub https://www.reddit.com/r/badhistory/search?q=nazi+socialist&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all when you reach the point you call nazis \u00a8 socialists '' because you hate all things \u00a8 left \u00a8 its time to log off and go take a walk . 
  kind of hard to call yourself a socialist when you send millions of your fellow man to the ovens . 
  poles have such an inferiority complex its actually sad . 
  you would think the people who not only let hitler build death camps on their soil which is the only tourist attraction of their country to this day , but sent their people into them would know better . 
  what a joke, 
   how can you claim right-wing policies will make things worst ? 
  because not everyone is a one issue voter like many here ( immigration ) and is concerned about things like the economy , human rights , gay rights , womens rights , climate change etc, 
  i 'm more likely to be killed by a pitbull riding a unicycle than a random woman in a veil . 
  life is too short to live in fear and i have more important things to worry about sorry, 
  i do n't care lol, 
  no , from the constant hysterical hyperbole that rivals / r/worldnews levels of fear and absurdity also i 'm not sure you know what \u00a8 ad hominem attack \u00a8 means, 
  is the existence of transgender kids new to you ? 
  there are several documentaries / books / studies etc. 
  on the topic and there has been for quite a long time . 
  louis theroux did one in fact, 
  were dealing with people whos formal sex education in school consisted mainly of how to put on a condom and pictures of gammy genitals , let alone transgender people . 
  its amazing how people make zero effort to educate themselves on the topic throughout their entire lives yet insist on running their mouths as if theyre doctors or something, 
  lol wow this sub gets more clownish by the day, 
   were not racist , stop calling us racist !, 
   ... but whats wrong with being racist anyway ? 
  / r/europe, 
  we havent been mixing as a species long enough to have an impact on any sort of evolutionary trait, 
   there is no where these traitors and liars can run and no where they can hide . 
  poland finally has a leading party , president , and premier all chosen by the population to bring about a swift and thorough cleansing of the filth that sank its ' roots deep into polish soil . 
   the truth always comes out and prevails . 
  i have no sympathy for all those who will feel the fiery burn of justice as it sweeps across the land and burns all enemies of poland to the ground . 
   ... damn i need to chill tfo maybe just a smidge , chancellor sutler, 
  info on two-spirit :  two-spirit people is a modern umbrella term used by some indigenous north americans to describe or label gender-variant individuals in their communities . 
   historically , non-native ( i.e. 
  non-native american ) anthropologists used the term berdache to identify an individual fulfilling one of many mixed gender roles in first nations and native american tribes , but it has now fallen out of favor . 
   third and fourth gender roles traditionally embodied by two-spirit people include performing work and wearing clothing associated with both men and women . 
   not all tribes have rigid gender roles , but , among those that do , some consider there to be at least four genders : masculine man , feminine man , masculine woman , feminine woman . 
   the presence of male-bodied two-spirits `` was a fundamental institution among most tribal peoples '' and , according to will roscoe , both male - and female-bodied two-spirits have been documented `` in over 130 north america tribes , in every region of the continent . 
   in the journals of the lewis and clark expedition , william clark recorded his observance of cross-dressing native american two-spirit people . 
   in some writings these people are also referred to as berdache . 
  although clark did n't fully understand the diversity of gender roles in each tribe or the complexity of the spiritual functions played by two-spirits , his report is relatively non-judgmental . 
  clark 's observations were not unique . 
   in fact , alternate gender roles were among the most widely shared features of north american native societies and are theorized to date into pre-columbian times . 
   male and female berdaches were typically described in terms of their preference and achievements in the work or activities of the `` opposite '' sex , men taking traditional female roles and women taking traditionally male roles . 
   male berdaches have been documented in over 155 tribes . 
  in about a third of these groups , a formal status also existed for females who undertook a man 's lifestyle , becoming hunters , warriors , and chiefs . 
   they were sometimes referred to with the same term for male berdaches and sometimes with a distinct term-making them , therefore , a fourth gender . 
  in some writings these women are referred to as amazons . 
   berdaches were treated with respect by native american peoples . 
  their identity was widely believed to be the result of supernatural intervention in the form of visions or dreams , and their roles were often sanctioned by tribal mythology . 
  in some groups , they were revered as shamans or healers . 
   the two-spirit people would most often form sexual and emotional relationships with non-berdache members of their own sex . 
   however , when missionaries or government officials discovered berdaches and amazons in the late 19th century , they often forced them to change their mode of dress and manner of life to conform to american gender expectations . 
   many were reported to have committed suicide rather than do so . 
  and south-east asia hijras :  in south asia , many hijras live in well-defined and organised all-hijra communities , led by a guru . 
  these communities have sustained themselves over generations by adopting young transgender kids who are rejected by , or flee , their family of origin . 
   many work as sex workers for survival . 
  the word `` hijra '' is an urdu-hindustani word derived from the semitic arabic root hjr in its sense of `` leaving one 's tribe , '' and has been borrowed into hindi . 
   the indian usage has traditionally been translated into english as `` eunuch '' or `` hermaphrodite , '' where `` the irregularity of the male genitalia is central to the definition . '', 
   however , in general hijras are born with typically male physiology , only a few having been born with male intersex variations . 
   since the late 20th century , some hijra activists and western non-government organizations ( ngos ) have lobbied for official recognition of the hijra as a kind of `` third sex '' or `` third gender , '' as neither man nor woman . 
   hijras have successfully gained this recognition in bangladesh and are eligible for priority in education . 
  in india , the supreme court in april 2014 recognised hijra and transgender people as a ` third gender ' in law . 
   nepal , pakistan , india , and bangladesh have all legally recognized the existence of a third gender , including on passports and other official documents . 
  apparently pakistan had tumblr generations before everyone else , who knew ?
