  except everyone refers to the left as \u00a8 they \u00a8 and says things like  the problem with you and people like you is that you do n't stand up against oppressors but rather lie to yourself anything can be solved peacefully . 
   they fight you with violence every single day yet you still do n't want to admit to yourself that the way this will end is with force not words because you have failed to listen to people who actually know what they are talking about . 
   it do n't matter you will remember my words in the upcoming decade sadly too late . 
  the only solution they offer is vague proposals of \u00a8 force \u00a8 leaving no room for peaceful solution , heavily downvoting and piling on anybody who doesnt agree with their \u00a8 my way or the highway \u00a8 extremist measures . 
  this is a sub that upvotes \u00a8 liberalism is a mental illness \u00a8 to +11 yet claims to not be right-wing  liberal political philosophy is basically nihilism . 
  no nation , no border , no race , no gender etc. 
  it \u00b4 s a mental illness if you ask me . 
  osama bin laden , 7/7 bombers , lee rigby killers all cite western involvement in muslim countries as their reason , they dont mention god . 
  this articles headline is silly - nobody blames \u00a8 themselves \u00a8 , they simply acknowledge that western foreign policy is a piece of a complex puzzle that started back in the 70s at the least . 
  the media here and in the east are completely one sided and biased towards themselves , leaving people on both side of the globe ignorant to the others pov . 
  its a cycle of revenge i highly recommend reading i am malala for a small insight as to how and why people in pakistan become radicalised and do what they do, 
  thats true , but its not like people from eastern europe , asia and america are simply against gay marriage and dont enact violence http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/06/09/homophobic-ammonia-attack-cctv-nightclub_n_5472393.html if we are going to use homophobia as an excuse to close our borders ; we will have to close it to pretty much everyone outside of western europe ; including our oh so gay friendly eastern european friends, 
  if you dont want to import homophobic bigots , youd have to cut off immigration from eastern europe , asia and america , not just africa and middle east . 
  i do find it interesting how anytime a story of homophobia occurs that isnt by a muslim , someone will change the topic to be about muslims anyway, 
  i wouldnt be surprised because there have been studies which show transgender people have neurology similar to their opposite sex , its possible to make the body match the brain but not vice versa . 
  its a physiological issue more than a neurological issue i think, 
   personally , i care less about the label and more about whether said abnormality poses a threat to others or not . 
  and that 's what i imagine the main motive behind who 's move there is actually a very interesting podcast on this if youre interested : http://www.thisamericanlife.org/radio-archives/episode/204/81-words everyone says \u00a8 oh they removed the definition due to political pressure \u00a8 - but nobody ever seems to question if the original definition was valid in the first place . 
  the reason homosexuality was seen as a disorder was because of antiquated religious beliefs that were cultivated over centuries , and early psychiatry ( 1890s onwards ) was notoriously unscientific . 
  with religion fading they needed a new scientific justification for this prejudice that had been cultivated for nearly 2000 years and anyone with a qualification in science of medicine could provide that . 
  remember they used to diagnose women with \u00a8 hysteria \u00a8 and they would go in to get fingered by doctors !, 
  it is a strawman ( if i understand the term correctly ) - because everyone being gay is never going to happen . 
  of course procreation is important to a species , but many species have been observed engaging in homosexual pair bondings and it usually tapers around 20 % ; its not black and white . 
  see my post [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4as5az/homosexuality_still_seen_as_a_disease_in_parts_of/d133uuw ) for example, 
  you might not be religious but that view is ultimately rooted in religion and isnt very up to date with study of sexuality . 
  its still very common which is understandable because schools dont really educate on these things and youd have a job on finding info about it in a library . 
  of course procreation is important but its not the be all and end all , especially in the animal kingdom and with mamals . 
  i made a sub for lgbt education because schools are crap ( / r/lgbtlibrary ) which has info if you like , 
   i think it 's a disorder purely because there is a certain way how we are made which is the '' right '' way - where we do not have physical , mental or other illnesses , which allows us to successfully live a healthy and more importantly - procreate . 
  not to sound snarky but you realise this view is based more on religious beliefs than scientific study ? 
   imagine if all humans had a specific disorder , and it would lead to the human race going extinct - say everyone goes sterile , everyone loses the ability to feel or whatever ok ... but thats never going to happen so seems like a bit of a strawman as they say, 
  its very interesting to me how animals express homosexuality for different reasons , a lot of people have no idea because education on this topic is non-existent . 
  my favourite are black swans :  male swans have been observed forming male-male pair bonds ( in fact , around 25 % of them form male-male bonds instead of male-female bonds ) . 
  then one of the male swans will go woo a female , and then once she lays eggs , chase her away and bring his male partner in to raise them . 
   other times , a male-male pair will simply chase off both members of an unrelated male-female pair and steal their nest and chicks , then raise them . 
   the most interesting part about this phenomenon is this : the homosexual swans , on average , are better parents . 
  their offspring , either biological or stolen , have lower mortality rates than those being raised by both a male and female swan . 
  obviously , this has net benefits for the species as a whole , and since some of the swans are in fact mating with females and passing on their own genes , this combined with the high rates of homosexuality in the species suggests that it 's not merely not being selected against , but it is in fact being selected for . 
  this was a post i saved from a cmv on the topic . 
  more info can be found on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexual_behavior_in_animals ), 
  well that 's one theory based on individual fitness , but inclusive fitness / kin selection disputes it . 
  i have info at my sub / r/lgbtlibrary if you like . 
  there 's buttons on the sidebar to filter for certain topics but have been having issues with newer stuff showing up so best to browse via the front page for now , 
  all 3 in poland ? 
   i think it goes without saying that everyone agrees it is best for a child to grow up being raised by it 's mother and father . 
  well , no . 
  some mothers and fathers are financially , emotionally , mentally or physically incapable of caring for a child properly . 
  some parents are heroin addicts , some parents are alcoholics , some parents cant last a week without beating the shit out of each other at 3 o clock in the morning on a school night . 
  some parents die . 
  some parents beat their children , some parents starve them , or lock them in rooms and dont let them out . 
  some kids are better off with one parent when the other is violent or incompetent or otherwise abusive , some kids are better off without both parents if theyre both abusive or negligent . 
  in an ideal world orphanages would be empty and all families would be a functional , flaw free 1950s american dream , but we dont live in an ideal world . 
  we live in a world where sometimes the best thing for us is to be taken from one or both of our biological parents and placed with people better equipped to care for us , either other family members , foster carers or adoptive parents, 
  since when is \u00a8 people will accuse me of racism \u00a8 an acceptable excuse for incompetence and failing to do your job ? 
  if anyone else said that as an excuse for failing to do their job they would be sacked on the spot . 
  not doubting you but i 've learned when it comes to reddit , `` no source , no sale '' is the best policy, 
   arab muslims are okay to be radical who says this ? 
  if i were to debate homosexuality with a muslim i doubt the police would arrest me for hate speech , muslims are a minority in most places in the west so are more vulnerable to hate speech like any other minority ; hate speech does n't really work when it 's 1 man against millions . 
  i could dedicate myself to turning my community against various groups ; but it would only work if they were alien groups , if they were the majority it would n't work because people are them or are at least familiar with them ; minority , alien groups where you do n't know anybody from that group are much more vulnerable to `` hate speech '' as you say . 
  the media has focused on islamic terrorism so much over the past 16 years that the average muslim is very vulnerable to discrimination and violence unlike many others simply because they are a minority group and do n't have the social capital to fight against the majority in the media and general society, 
  it was n't so much personal to you ; just an evaluation of the general people 's flip flopping when it comes to homophobia in different groups, 
  do you really think the comments in this sub would be all about free speech if this politician was a muslim preacher ? 
  we all know it would look very different despite the principle remaining the same . 
  i do n't think it should be illegal either , but if you 're going to go on about how free speech is absolute , you have to be consistent, 
  i see it here all the time , `` muslims preach about gay people being abominations !, 
  kick them out ! '', 
  but whenever it 's someone else it 's like `` free speech !, 
  fuck the gay agenda ! '', 
  it 's always ironic when people going on about free speech end up downvoting people into being hidden, 
  full freedom of speech would include allowing islamic extremists to preach radical ideas in mosques ; i 'm sure / r/europe would love that !, 
  lib dems got wiped out because people focused on how they want back on their promise about university fees which fucked over the student vote they relied on , and then after the recent election the independent released an article listing all the conservative policies the lib dems held back over their coalition , and i swear the day of the election the young student user base on / r/unitedkingdom went `` serves them right lib dems got wiped out !!!!, 
  fucking over us students with der uni fees !!! '', 
  and after the article was published literally the next day and people realised the lib dem 's held back a lot of conservative policies , suddenly / r/unitedkingdom done a 180 and were all about the lib dems again ; saying how they regret everything , since they 've since left university and realized they 're in for 4 more years of full conservative this time around . 
  for all people here spend endless days of their time talking about isis and islam , you 'd think they would bother to look up their actual goals , right ? 
  what would make isis and radical islamists in general very happy indeed would be if france banned islam and mosques , and for europe to cheer this decision would make them even happier . 
  10 points to anyone who can explain why, 
  apartheid is quite a strong word , but i remember conservative mp mike freer in the uk during the equal marriage debates made a statement saying `` i am a member of this parliament , and i say to my collegues , i sit alongside you in the committees , in the bars and in the tea rooms , i queue alongside you in the division lobbies , but when it comes to marriage , why are you asking me to stand apart and join a seperate queue ? '', 
  - and i thought that was a great way of putting it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkupnj4ukre, 
  is it really progressive to have legal protection in order to see your partner of 30 years in hospital or make sure their family does n't swoop in and steal your house and belongings if they die ? 
  so basically a moderator of this sub is willingly spreading misinformation in order to contribute to what is already a hysterically fearful climate , in which calls for civil war and deportations are seen regularly - and the other moderates are fine with this . 
  no wonder this sub quickly gained a reputation for being / r/worldnews ii !, 
  this subreddit is an embarrassment to this continent tbh, 
  can people at least start sourcing their statements ? 
  it says a lot that ive heard \u00a8 most asylum seekers are actually immigrants from such-and-such a place \u00a8 without anyone ever providing a link to back it up in about a year and a half of visiting this forum . 
  its like everyone just accepts it on face value and parrots it back . 
  thats not evidence, 
   i for one intend to have a minimum of 5 kids to save europe . 
  lol this sub, 
  theyre the kind of person who opposes banning conversion therapy in the uk and says things like this :  we can imagine that homosexual community soon will shun and discriminate hetersexual person until he/she will agree to get into homosexual relationship . 
  while simutaniously spending most of their time on the internet crusading against islam because its \u00a8 anti-gay \u00a8 aka a shit stain, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_poland#social_attitudes_and_public_opinion its weird because this says things are actually getting worse with time , not sure why, 
   we dont want lgbt here , and this our right . 
  you dont really have a choice in the matter though ; its such a waste of time ; i cant think of a bigger waste of time and resources than focusing on lgbt people because we are such a small minority . 
  what trips me out about poles is you want all the benefits of being in the eu while refusing to adhere to the values of the eu . 
  you have more in common with russia than you do with the eu, 
  poland seems to want to get closer with western europe while rather proudly distancing themselves further away from its values : s, 
  16 year old concerned about his future and you reply with this ? 
  at least he can spell ... 
  plenty of working class people like myself dont actually care about immigration , which is apparently blasphemous now . 
  out of all the minumum wage jobs ive had , i have worked with 3 immigrants .
