if only we armed more moderate rebels ^ tm so syria can be a democracy . ^ tm, 
  because they 'll get shot or blown up by their competitors before they make it . 
  yes , because there 's no way you could simultaneously sympathize with isis and want to leave a war zone . 
  but remember , you 're a racist if you do n't want europe flooded with isis sympathizers . 
  i 'd agree with you that this position would be impossible before luther but i 'd nitpick some other points . 
  but over all your analysis is good . 
  `` oh no , facts !, 
  better act like a butthurt idiot and brag about blocking a random stranger on the internet ! '', 
   calling me ignorant while proclaiming yourself an expert who `` does n't know where to start '' whilst interjecting some fancy verbiage wo n't help you here dude . 
  because you did the philosophical equivalent of going `` but if vaccines work why are there still monkeys xd '' . 
   you claim that `` modern islamism is the ideological equivalent of the reformation and enlightenment . '', 
  makes absolutely zero sense , even more so now you apparently claim modern islamism is isis ? 
  funny , it makes sense to everybody who 's actually commented on the subject and pushed the thesis that isis is a reformed islam . 
  it does n't make sense to you because you believe the whig history narrative that everything just keeps getting better and better with peak euphoria being reached somewhere around 1789 . 
   and yes , one came before the other so of course there is a causal relation between reformation and enlightenment , no shit sherlock . 
  they still are two distinct periods where people 's relationship with god went in dramatically different directions . 
  no , they are not dramatically different directions at all . 
  every ideological innovation of the enlightenment has its roots in the reformation . 
   now about literalism : strict interpretation of the scripture is one of luther 's core principles , so rather than putting words in my mouth you better take your foot out of yours . 
  martin luther never said that , that 's not what sola scriptura means , and martin luther is hardly a standard of orthodoxy in the first place so you 're only hurting your case , even if that 's not what martin luther said in the first place . 
  yes , because you totally never said this :  that does n't mean you 're right in saying that there is just one fixed version of the bible . 
  it just means that you wilfully misrepresent the facts . 
  but hey , according to your edit , it was a long and complicated process !, 
  that definitely proves that it was just arbitrary wankery . 
  unlike the quran magically falling out of the sky , now that 's a reasonable book . 
  yes , the problem is me failing to sufficiently fawn over people being stupid assholes , not the people actually doing it . 
  i should just be delighted that people are deliberately misrepresenting what people believe to make themselves feel good . 
   mind that it was martin luther who first translated the bible - meaning that the protestant revolution there was no literalism because no one could read the fucking thing . 
  seriously , even some of the preachers could only technically speak latin , but did not understand what it actually meant . 
  interpretation was entirely up to the higher ups of the catholic church . 
  this is completely wrong . 
  translations of the bible have existed since greek ceased to be the vernacular , and translations of the bible into other european vernaculars occurred during the middle ages . 
  some translations were condemned because they were deliberately mistranslated for political agendas among very violent groups , but it 's a myth that anyone was condemned specifically for translating the bible . 
  oh , shit , you got me , the vatican is paying me off to tell redditors that there 's just one fixed version of the bible , except i never said that at any point . 
  oh , wait , let me guess , you 're going to quote the council of trent on me like it 's some amazing surprise and act like before that the canon of scripture was in a state of anarchy ? 
  ooh , and then you 'll point to minor variations in old testament canon among monophysites as some kind of proof for something . 
  and then the real whopper , protestants and jews removing everything from the old testament written in greek . 
  i think i know this subject better than you . 
  do you have any idea how unfathomably stupid and illiterate you sound right now ? 
  peter `` the roman jew hunter '' ? 
  it 's not my job to cut and paste wikipedia for historically illiterate jackasses trying to look smart . 
  muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab is the founder of the current of thought that leads to isis . 
   reformation ( back to god , early 16th century ) and enlightenment ( away from god , 18th century ) are pretty much diametrically opposed so it is really unclear what you are trying to say there . 
  your grasp of intellectual history is garbage . 
  this is such an inaccurate description of the events of the reformation and enlightenment i do n't know where to start . 
  the philosophical shift of the reformation era naturally gave way to the enlightenment , and no , i ca n't explain all this in a soundbite so you 'll have to learn it on your own time . 
  it 's only really unclear because you do n't know anything beyond a few buzzwords . 
   same goes for your odd notion that somebody invented literalism somehow . 
  again , you 're showing how insanely ignorant you are of a subject you insist on pontificating on . 
  the idea that the bible is a literal work that fell out of the sky free of any context is a modern american protestant idea , and has nothing to do with orthodox apostolic christianity . 
   so ... cool story bro nice meme , now try reading a book instead of pretending to be smart on reddit . 
  no , it was n't , and no , they ca n't . 
  biblical literalism is a post-enlightenment invention and modern islamism is the ideological equivalent of the reformation and enlightenment . 
  catalunya can not into space . 
  hmm . 
  i must be mixing something up with something . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  i know it has something to do with de gaulle but that 's about it . 
  i was talking about france , actually . 
  does n't the edit : * french * constitution allow for any of the regions to secede by majority vote ? 
  colonization is n't what fucked africa , the abrupt and violent end of colonization and installation of corrupt and dictatorial states in the vacuum is what fucked africa . 
  do you think robert mugabe 's utter ruination of his country is ian smith 's fault ? 
  have you noticed that countries like singapore and south korea are n't ungodly hellholes despite being modern former colonies ? 
  almost everywhere in the world has been somebody else 's colony at some point , that `` explanation '' does n't correlate with reality . 
  maybe if charles de gaulle kept algeria the arab migrants could go there and enjoy european citizenship and benefits without having to migrate to a continent they have no cultural connection to . 
  i have a cousin who was a rising football star in ireland and he dropped dead on the field during practice . 
  undiagnosed heart condition . 
  this shit happens . 
  why is the crux of your argument screaming the date ? 
  that proves absolutely nothing . 
  you literally would 've been voting nazi in 1932 because they were the modern and populist party advocating for the masses . 
  and do n't try to pretend you 're somehow above the influence of the masses , all you 're doing is repeating the ideas that are currently fashionable in modern circles , and in lieu of an argument , saying it 's true because of what year it is . 
   you 're somewhat right , but not entirely . 
  you 're correct that nazi `` volkstum '' was primarily concerned with a pseudo-ethnic unity , and therefore , a united cause , defining the nation . 
  on the other hand , that does n't mean it is free of borders . 
  if the definition of a nation was purely biological , the conclusion would have been that germans / `` aryans '' can exist without any land belonging to them , that they could assimilate inbetween other ethnic groups . 
  yet that was evidently not the case . 
  `` volkstum '' was and is concerned with creating ethnically homogenous societies , which by definition implies drawing borders inside which no other ethnicity is granted a right to exist . 
  nor could it be said that those borders were only ever supposed to extend as far as the ethnicity the nation is based on does . 
  the nazis initially used to as a justification for annexing czechoslovakia , due to a minority of `` sudetendeutsche '' in it 's most western parts , true . 
  but hitler always emphasized the `` lebensraum im osten '' ideology as well , saying that it would be necessary to extend into the east and settle there , with no previous presence of ethnic germans / `` aryans '' . 
  but the fact that the the so-called aryan race could exist prior to borders being carved around them proves the point that it 's not defined by borders . 
   yes , and you might notice how aristotle has been dead for a few years and a lot more thinkers have had a lot more thoughts since then . 
  this is irrelevant . 
  hitler is a modern thinker too . 
   aristotle defined the ancient polis , the greek city state . 
  as everyone knows , greek `` democracy '' back then ( which only held for a few years anyway ) excluded not only women and slaves , but also non-natives ( metics ) , making it more akin to a oligarchy with slightly more participants . 
  yes , i 'm aware that athens had limited suffrage , but that 's completely irrelevant to aristotle 's theory of the origin of the state . 
  if your knowledge of aristotle and ancient greek history and politics goes only as far as the parts that offend modern sensibilities , you have a lot of trouble . 
  and i fail to see what 's unjust about not letting metics vote , considering plenty of countries today do n't let non-citizen permanent residents vote either . 
  incidentally , aristotle and aristotelian philosophers would not be defending the athenian system in the first place , because it made the city incredibly unstable . 
   it seems more like a form of radical individualism extrapolated to including the whole nuclear family unit no , it 's traditional aristotelian communitarianism roughly adapted to modern contexts . 
  interesting how i 've managed to go from a nazi to an individualist so quickly . 
   at which point i might again ask you , why do you think you can apply this to a contemporary state ; even more so , how do you think a state would be possible with this as its basis . 
  because it 's an organic system that conforms to human nature . 
  individualist mass democracy is the fantasy of modern philosophers who think they could remake human nature in their own image . 
  those places where parliamentary republican systems went into place relatively gradually , such as in europe and north america , have not suffered strongly from them . 
  this could be in part due to the fact that they were heavily influenced by classical learning , both in the founding of america and the christian democracy movement that rejected the leftist democrats while trying to adapt classical and christian thought to modern politics . 
  then , you have places in africa and asia where these systems were propped up abruptly in the post-colonial vacuum , leading to decades of turmoil . 
  political systems grow organically , not through imposition .
