  and that is what pisses me off . 
  the racism that will be seen as normal and a natural survival tactic will lead to me getting fucking killed . 
  we had it done to us before and that 's why i 'm so defensive about it . 
  i will probably be one of the first to go , just because some politicans want to weave their webs and like whoring for money . 
  i am not the only not 100 % swede who think like this , we are many . 
  i do know who my real enemies are , will it come to that , though . 
  having people hunting you and trying to kill you will make them enemies too . 
  it seems to me like the people of much of the world is balancing atop this edifice and leaning out more and more each second . 
  the fall will be the beginning to the end , for this civilisation at least and good luck being a survivor should nuclear war become reality . 
  there 's not the question of which parties are to either of the extremes even parties in the middle are doing really weird shit nowadays . 
  i 'm not that old and they might have always behaved like this . 
  it 's just that suddenly some parties , who no one ever would have tought of as such , are infiltrated by people holding extreme views and used for agendas . 
  thank you for being honest about something , at least , news-papers . 
  even this though reeks of internal strife and somethings clearly not right . 
  our appointed ` national coordinator against violence-embracing extremism ' was removed for corruption . 
  all of it is just bullshit though , as nothing get 's done to prevent but rather seem to encourage extremism . 
  i mean getting them a job and an appartment in sweden where there are no vacant apartments and hard to find a job at least without education and even then there 's still competition . 
  i 'd say that 's enticement to go do shit and then have it set for life with the swedish government as criminal accomplices . 
  none of this would have ever gotten to see the light of day had n't it been for those pesky journalists some of which are seemingly not in on the agenda . 
  you truly do n't think this is all planned ? 
  i mean sure , they 're quite retarded our politicians but it 's not their plan to begin with , i think they 're just someones useful idiots . 
  i sure did act like the government wanted . 
  projecting is not cool and i made a bad . 
  we get this all the time though , that swedes have no culture and they 're ( our government ) very thorough with letting us all know that we 're shit in the worlds eyes . 
  saying anything against the narrative will get everyone on your back . 
   swedish politicians are retarded and terribly ignorant of both politics and history then . 
  well they ai n't , they want war , that 's why they say all these inflamming things , and force the swedes to eat it . 
  i do not wa n't war with you but our politicans want it , there can be no other reasoning behind it . 
  like isis they seek to polarize and use the effect to their gain . 
  i am sorry for calling you cultureless , though and will change my comment . 
  ok , [ here 's one for starters . 
  ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/were-brink-civil-war-french-security-chiefs-chilling-warning-before-nice-terror-attack-1570820 ) regarding war in europe , which will spread . 
  [ burning cars is perhaps something kids do on holidays been a while since i was one , ca n't remember putting cars on fire for fun though . 
  ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2013/05/2013521234814665777.html ) nothing new with burning car 's you might say , well as it happens it 's not something swedish youth do . 
  doing it to protest is kind of escalating the matter , right ? 
  also , the cops being ordered not to intervene almost everytime there 's an uprising like this and not being able to help their countrymen , i 'd be as furious as some of them . 
  [ here 's a bit about forcing sterilization of unwanteds . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compulsory_sterilisation_in_sweden ) what is it 40 years or so since this shit at the most ? 
  i know wikipedia , right . 
   i have people in my family who suffered from this . 
  i know many people living in ~ ~ swedish ~ ~ suburbs and let me tell you , everyone has at least a way to get a gun quick . 
  remember this is sweden , not many but hunters have legal guns and there 's pretty strict regulations around it . 
  i could show you some sites which probably would n't be allowed here on grounds of being inflaming . 
  nothing inflames like rape and murder . 
  they know people are reading this , they know , i mean it 's getting so thin it 's embarrasing . 
  i live here in sweden , i see what 's happening , i also read . 
  you put it together and it becomes clear . 
  i bet they wonder why the swedish people does n't act , i bet they feel like `` are these people really this retarded , when are they gon na act ? '', 
  i for one wo n't be the least sorry for you , when it happens . 
  you 're either a shill , anarchist , unwoken , or a terrorist . 
  which is it ? 
  i really have no interest in you , really . 
  i 'm just here offering my opinion as to how i see matters . 
  when it all begin , well that 's another matter , we should not accept enemies within our territories . 
  do you read any kind of news or are you just shilling all the time ? 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm just saying how it is . 
  to cultivate takes time , a culture takes time to develop . 
  just because you have no true culture and come from a nation without one , you should not attack me , mr warrior ... you go back to africa if you want to , i prefer a better standard of living and not having to worry if a machete is gon na fall on my neck when not looking back . 
  and i think i love you . 
  thank you for not taking a side . 
  i am merely saying what our swedish politicians have told us swedes for many years . 
  how we have no culture and that we stole it from eastern people . 
  well that shit hardly flies here since it 's seen as bit of inflammatory . 
  would n't you say that it 's inflammatory to tell an entire nation that nothing you ever did matter , that you do n't exist ? 
  i know you do , welcome to sweden !, 
  if that voterbase does n't even give a fuck about voting and rape and murder the others , what you create are opinion . 
  opinion amongst the masses off the country to take revenge and that is the sole purpose here . 
  they want another world war !!, 
  there can be no other reasoning behind it . 
  just look at how they act and tell the people in europe and they still try to enforce this shit . 
  they tell us to suck up ** all ** the rapes and murders and know full well that shit wo n't fly . 
  they know this wo n't stand for long and that 's why they want this . 
  there 's shit going around about dumbing down the people of europe by making us mate with retards . 
  well that shit 's stupid . 
  what everybody understand is that this will create insane amounts of tension and that is their goal !!, 
  we should fight this if we do n't want another world war !, 
  i am a bit brown so you 'll have to excuse me for having been a bit on the defensive regarding them . 
  when i see all this chaos and mayhem though , of course i 'll support a defence . 
  when europe is ready to defend itself , so am i !!, 
  there should be no infighting among europeans , though . 
  that will most certainly be our down-fall . 
  you know what turkey was before the turks stole it ? 
  they are a from a bit further to the east . 
  get your history correct and perhaps we can talk some more . 
  how come you 've never thought of this before ? 
  i mean all they do point in the same direction , i do n't know how hard you 'd have to misconstrue the message sent , to not get it . 
  for example here in sweden the ruling party the social-democrats were a nazi-supporting party long ago . 
  that they would have changed their ways is ridiculous , seeing as how they provoke sweden and entice europe to civil-war and outright war with the mid-east by letting ` enemy combatants ' have their way with people and then outlawing any kind of complaint . 
  they were behind some of the most evil shit sweden has ever done to people , because that 's long past them in their history people seem to forget their true agenda . 
  they sterilized people for being of a particular race , i mean come on how can that not be evil and racist ?? 
  my mom who was roma she even got me to vote for them . 
  i have never seen anything more racist than how they ( swedish politicians ) use the very populace they are chosen to govern than what they do now . 
  it is all to provoke hate . 
  it is so simple to see how they build opinion and how they force their agenda on people trying to fuck them over to get a reaction which will most certainly be bad for any brown people . 
  they are building opinion , listen to what many security-experts say about where europe is heading . 
  it 's not a pretty picture , let me tell you !, 
  ~ ~ they have no culture but what they stole !, 
  ! ~ ~ edit : well this was n't right , not right at all . 
  sorry for being a douche and letting my states propaganda get the better of me .
