  this could easily have been avoided had the ones in charge not wanted it to happen . 
  you think so ? 
  even our [ chief of army ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/article22151092.ab ) say we might be heading for war . 
  what would you say it would take for sweden get into war , and what do you think will follow ? 
  look at how global warming affect humans . 
  look at how the politics of the world are changing . 
  do n't shoot the messenger . 
  well , seeing as how opinion among the people are turning , it might get ugly in the future . 
  people simply have had enough . 
  do n't take my word for it , though . 
  there 's ample evidence in where our politics are heading . 
  there has been discriminating against those two groups in the past . 
  i do n't know to what extent though , since that was before my time and i have never witnessed it . 
  we had some classes about it when i went to school 20-30 years ago . 
  i thought it was wrong but at that age , it was n't that interesting to me . 
  i grew up in a sleepy little village , not close to any of said groups and we did n't have any at my school , that i knew of . 
  it was a far removed subject in my mind . 
  much of what i found boring back then is interesting now though , still this subject has not piqued my interest . 
  and so i do n't have that much knowledge to share about it . 
  edit : a word, 
  we have awesome societies , they are crumbling now , because of what some of our politicians are doing and also those * fleeing * . 
  they are bringing with them their religion and all the evil shit that 's going on in their cultures , like raping kids and each other like there 's no tomorrow and killing each other as if human life has no value . 
  but we are the evil west so fuck us right , eh rape us i mean , they do n't know anything else . 
  heh , they are fucking us to the right , that 's one thing that 's for sure . 
  just look at where our politics are heading . 
  we are european , that 's enough for these people , we 're seen as enemies whatever we do to help them , i say we do n't help them anymore , we have n't got the money for it and now we need to borrow money to be able to pay for those already here . 
  there 's homeless in sweden that have nowhere to go and no money , help them first , then look to the world for people to help , in sane numbers not hundreds of thousands . 
  still ... 
  it does n't change the fact that she will get kids and instill the hate against us in them . 
  we do n't need that , enough is enough !, 
  15 years old , perfect she might still be able to get the highest ( more money ) support from our state , if she decide to relocate , back to the country they 've said they come from . 
  ! 5 years old , what about the 100 000 + that travelled by rickety rafts across the mediterranean and then on foot trough europe . 
  most of them are apparently `` kids coming alone '' . 
  then it should be possible to walk back to italy or greece and ride on a log back across the sea . 
  get the fuck out if you do n't like it then . 
  getting sick and tired of these fucking racists from the mid-east and beyond . 
  the come here to rape and pillage and then complain about everything , that they get for free . 
  we literally pour money over them and they call us racist . 
  the people of europe wo n't take it much more . 
  it wo n't be long now , not long at all . 
  there will probaly be war soon.the ones in charge have sown discord by doing what they do , fully knowing what will happen . 
  they want a new world war for some insane reason , this is why all of this is happening . 
  they are most probably trying to cull the worlds population and earn some more money , through the war . 
  the rich always get out on top , when this shit happen . 
  they have knowledge from previous wars on how to make the most profit . 
  they now complain about how turkey are sending unfit people , people who wo n't rape and pillage across our continent . 
  we get the sick and people in real need of help , oh no , ca n't have that , ooh turkey are not following through on the deal . 
  it gladdens my heart seeing their evil schemes get foiled by an unknowing turkey . 
  please turkey keep exchanging immigrants with us by sending us the sick and the needy , the ones deserving of help . 
  which is what should have been done from the start !, 
  yeah , apparently we do n't make enough babies , so we need other countries people to take care of our elderly , something along those lines is what they ( politicians ) say . 
  if they want to help as they also say , then of course it would make more sense to help the ones who need it the most , sick people who need health-care would fit the bill . 
  complaining that turkey wo n't participate in brain-drain from syria to europe is hard to not think of as douchey . 
  then there 's this , people coming to sweden with degrees , need to study it all again , because their education are seldom seen as sufficient i think this is awesome , these are the people i think we should help . 
   why must we censor our speech so much ? 
  because that is what civilized people do . 
  there are many times , where being straight-forward is preferable , though . 
   i 'm fairly certain that bringing in , for example , the equivalent amount of australians would not elicit the same response as the migrants europe have brought in . 
  i really would n't know 'til i 've seen a western nation plunged into the kind of atrocities that these people see everyday . 
  given that our culture match better than with the mid-east ones i 'd hazard a guess and say that things would be much smoother , regarding day to day interaction . 
  well , other times too , most probably . 
   what europe needs is a component set of politicians who refuse to be bribed by the big businesses that have been the driving force between large-scale immigration . 
  unfortunately it 's difficult to find a politician that is incorruptible , let alone a whole party of them . 
  this is so true and why the world is slowly but at accelerating speed nearing something that might not be good for anyone involved . 
  sweden has been seen as one of the least corrupt countries in the world , but sometimes i wonder how true it really is . 
  one just has to look at one of our ruling parties , [ milj\u00f6partiet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/green_party_%28sweden%29 ) , which have been infiltrated , according to some , based on what they do and say and more importantly , whom key-players in that part of our government associate with . 
  needless to say it would seem that party is chock-full of islamists , with connections to terrorist groups . 
  this is where you called me a racist . 
   you 're simply trying to imply that politicians are being unpatriotic and they 're a bunch of arab loving villains . 
  i have not complained on reddit about people being pc , ever . 
  to call me racist and then single me out and put me in a group , judging me for some imagined misbehaviour , just make you into one of them you claim to be against . 
  calling for people not to judge others and then doing it yourself before the next breath , you remind me of how aa and many religious institutions work . 
  talk about forgivness and then condemn the very same people you are talking to . 
  is it really that weird to you for me to not want to talk to you after calling me a racist . 
  i am part roma , we are the most hated people in europe , well things are changing since theft is nothing compared to rape and murder with the prospect of terrorism , mixed in . 
  i have more immigrant friends than swedish , seeing as how i have lived in one of the worst ghettos in sweden for a large part of my life . 
  i am not a fucking racist . 
  i have my views and some might be a bit askew , i 'll give you that , but what you are saying have no grounding in reality . 
  regarding me getting insulted easily , how about i throw some disgusting shit at you and the complain about how weird you are ? 
  let me tell you something , i have most definitely met more racism aimed at the self than you have ever seen . 
  go back to your hole little one . 
  sadly , i think that 's when the real problems begin . 
  imagine a country brought to ruin , because of trying to help . 
  what will it 's people do to the ones they perceive rightly or wrongly to be the cause of it ? 
  i think the future is quite bleak for the entire world . 
  might be better afterwards but right now there is nothing but dark clouds on the horizon . 
  yeah , well . 
  regarding sources , who said i get mine from a single news-paper . 
  i get mine from all over the world and i always check other sources and filter it , just as you . 
  do n't forget that i 'm also a redditor . 
   you 're simply trying to imply that politicians are being unpatriotic and they 're a bunch of arab loving villains . 
  it 's laughable . 
  why the personal attacks , i thought we were having a civil discussion about thing ? 
  that is when i do n't even want to talk to you anymore , seeing as how you try to make an enemy out of me . 
  have a good life , bye !, 
  chains of people brought them here . 
  from the smugglers to the coast guards , and the ones in the camps telling them to lie about age and where they come from . 
  all to make it , so that as many as possible get in to europe . 
  then there are of course our judges who wo n't deport the criminal ones , even though they clearly show that they 've no interest in following the law of the land . 
  when our politicians bend til they break their own backs to accomodate these people but do n't give a shit about the people already living here .
