i 'd say that 's up to the artist and the spectator . 
  propaganda posters might for example be seen as art later in history . 
  much is tolerated in the name of art . 
  i think if someone wanted to make an exhibition around that subject they should be permitted to do that . 
  this is one of the things about art , it should make people talk about it . 
  art does not have to be something that pleases the senses or the mind . 
  art is not something that always glorifiy , it might do but in this instance i do n't hink it 's about that . 
  they apparently made a play about breiviks manifesto . 
  ~ ~ they most probably just want to high-light the absurdity of extremism . ~ ~ edit : had it wrong . 
  they want to show how we are all the hero of our own life-story , in our minds . 
  and a couple of wars , long time ago , though . 
   we should definitely have stronger bonds , though and i think act , more as one . 
  i do n't even know what happened with the commas there , i rarely do but sometimes i 'm also drunk . 
  greenland is serioulsy the best place to send them , to that effect . 
  give them a swiss-army knife a blanket and a big box of matches . 
  survival of the fittest . 
  everyone that makes it a year get free citizenship wherever they want . 
  some nuts would try it , just to prove themselves . 
  should we put a decapitated bag of roundup in the comissioners bed , or what ? 
  well , it was a joke after all . 
  it 's up to the people to protest , if the people wo n't protest then they deserve what they get . 
  perhaps not , i 'm undecided on that one . 
   i think you confuse these two dishes . 
  or i 'm not getting it . 
  [ h\u00e1karl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/h%c3%a1karl ) [ sour herring ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surstr%c3%b6mming ) i would n't go near anyone of them myself , to be honest . 
  a bit douchey to whip their asses , them having fled violence and all . 
  unless you mean whipping , as in covering their asses in cool whip , still not sure if that would be any more humane , though . 
   fucking pussies would that be your official statement as america incarnate ? 
  [ hanged , drawn and quartered . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanged,_drawn_and_quartered ), 
  so , where did you get stuck with your dick ? 
  such a cock-nibbling douche . 
  ** charley bowdre : ** we work for mr. tunstall as regulators . 
  we regulate any stealing off his property - we 're damn good too !, 
  mr. tunstall 's got a soft spot for runaways , dareless , vagrant types . 
  but you ca n't be any geek off the street , got ta be handy with the steel , if you know what i mean , earn your keep . 
  should we all be in an uproar or is it safe to sit back in the sofa and let others handle it ? 
  got my fork ready if we 're gon na eat the rich . 
  i feel like i might be related to genseric . 
  iran was n't mentioned once in the link . 
   do you remember the berlin bar bombing ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't know about that . 
   it stopped there but now because iran decided to stop . 
  again , sorry but i do n't really get this one . 
  me guessing : they put a bomb in someones car . 
  it stopped but not because iran decided too . 
  me answering : i do n't really see that as a threat to europe . 
  we 're bigger than that . 
  you 're of persian descent i take it . 
  let 's see if your name holds true , when i say ; that is not what i meant . 
  just kidding . 
  still though , i ca n't see any real animosity between iran and europe . 
  i know that some european nations might have done bad to iran but not all of europe . 
  that 'd be like europe condemning all of the middle east , for something a few nations might be complicit in . 
  at least not over the airport terminal , not until it 's done and paid for . 
  when did iran become a danger to europe ? 
  i was dying of shame your honour , i had to do it in self-defence . 
  harvest time is when the reaper arrives . 
  i think / r/shamalamadindong were just joking . 
  other countries currencies sound funny sometimes . 
  yes , you can . 
  have to push it out first , though and it might not be as savoury afterwards , that 's if you 're not a coprophag , do n't know about that shit . 
  ah , a fellow barbarian , shall we go kill ogres in the woods ( hunt joggers , with swords , while screaming at the top of our lungs ) ? 
  `` civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split , as a general thing . '' - my favourite author , guess who . 
  they were quite big too . 
  would it be ok to call them macadamia nuts , then ? 
  i remember ... 
  the dark woods , masking slopes of sombre hills ; the grey clouds ' leaden everlasting arch ; the dusky streams that flowed without a sound , and the lone winds that whispered down the passes . 
  - vista on vista marching , hills on hills , slope beyond slope , each dark with sullen trees , our gaunt land lay . 
  so when a man climbed up a rugged peak and gazed , his shaded eye saw but the endless vista - hill on hill , slope beyond slope , each hooded like its brothers . 
  - it was a gloomy land that seemed to hold all winds and clouds and dreams that shun the sun , with bare boughs rattling in the lonesome winds , and the dark woodlands brooding over all , not even lightened by the rare dim sun which made squat shadows out of men ; they called it cimmeria , land of darkness and deep night . 
  - it was so long ago and far away i have forgot the very name men called me . 
  the axe and flint-tipped spear are like a dream , and hunts and wars are shadows . 
  i recall only the stillness of that sombre land ; the clouds that piled forever on the hills , the dimness of the everlasting woods . 
  cimmeria , land of darkness and the night . 
  - oh , soul of mine , born out of shadowed hills , to clouds and winds and ghosts that shun the sun , how many deaths shall serve to break at last this heritage which wraps me in the grey apparel of ghosts ? 
  i search my heart and find cimmeria , land of darkness and the night . 
  r.e howard, 
  shut up , m'aiq !, 
  when 's the next patch coming out ? 
  my eu is borken . 
  what besides batteries ? 
  in that gay hotel or what ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  just goes to show who you can fuck with , because fuck adults right . 
  you can take my word for it . 
  jon snow ? 
  is nothing sacred anymore . 
  that 's it , i declare ragnar\u00f6k as officially on the table . 
  you guys better stock up on long johns and whatnot , it 's going to get real cold . 
  no , when the twelve tribes of israel are once again in their homeland their messiah will come . 
  isis is doing their thing to bring about the apocalypse . 
  ~ ~ and we swedes are gathering to bring about ragnar\u00f6k . ~ ~ that last part is not on the table yet , so just forget you read it . 
  this is the end . 
  they should be separated and the males over ten sent home . 
  we 're waiting for them to get their giants ready and for them to get to the field of v\u00edgr\u00ed\u00f0r . 
  also surtr is nowhere to be found . 
  i also want to say that you seem like a great guy . 
  sorry again for insulting you . 
  i do know that !,
