  who gives a fuck where he came from ?? 
  he was a muslim and that is all there is to it . 
  we do n't want them here in europe anymore and they better get the fuck out before the war that they want begin !!, 
  as a browner dude i sure would because this shit will be uglier than anything even isis can comprehend . 
  edit : well , go ahead , shoot the messenger . 
  i do n't care , i wo n't fight for you assholes but for the ones with at least some self-esteem , sense of pride and willingness to survive . 
  when it comes to it , i know who to aim for . 
  here in sweden they 'd be ordered by our government to not do shit . 
  they want this shit to happen for the reason of war . 
  no , it 's what they want . 
  they knew this shit would happen all along . 
  they are nazis longing for race-war !, 
  lone weak-asses might sound better . 
  lone weak-ass cunt , attacked unarmed people with his weapons . 
  i do hate these cowards from the middle east . 
  comparing them to pigs or dogs is to good for them . 
  what they are is insane muslims . 
  that name fits the best !, 
   the hard truth is that in their eyes we are in a holy war . 
  one only has to open ones eyes though . 
  it 's evident all around us , some people simply wo n't look . 
  they might be scared but we should not be ruled by fear and there 's no excuse for allowing this shit to happen . 
  when the shit goes down you and i should have a competition . 
  who can kill the most orcs ? 
  i be gimli and you be leggy lass . 
  oh , most definitely . 
  not sure how it would apply here , though ? 
  you might jest and i 'm fine with that . 
  what i 'm not fine with is insane people hating on me trying to kill me and my fellow swedes . 
  i have always said no to war , but this shit ... 
  this shit might get worse than ww2 and who brought this on ? 
  those in charge of course . 
  if you work for some government you know this . 
  if not i can only surmise that you are an anarchist and therefore insane . 
  anarchists believe they will be someone after a fall of the governments . 
  they will be the first to get fucked out of existence though . 
  they are weak and with no real power over anyone . 
  they think they are the dude in the back-ground egging it all on but they will get cut down , real fast . 
  why would they otherwise do this if not to escalate tension among different groups . 
  they know that rape and murder will happen , yet they still chose to take them in . 
  do not believe for one second that this has anything to do with decency , ethics and morality . 
  they know full well what will happen and they still continue down the same path . 
  sadly it 'd seem like it 's the most probable outcome . 
  i do hope their is some sense and fight left in the swedish people , though . 
  i 'm a roma with swedish blood . 
  you go on and get cut down , i for one wont help you . 
  i am talking about how our governments fill our countries with people from other countries , who rape and murder and then the government chase the people complaining about it . 
  i have been victim of many assaults made by people not from sweden and i have done some shit back when i 've had the opportunity and not been overwhelmed by the attackers . 
  i 've never provoked by more than simply being a swede . 
  when walking in these neighbourhoods do n't be surprised if they spit at you if you do n't look like them . 
  unfortunately our racist governments in here in europe are longing for race-war , making this shit possible . 
  all blood is on their hands , also our security services suck donkey balls at what they do , they rather chase people complaining about getting raped or beaten . 
  a hammer should be the weapon of choice . 
  source , please , that people protest-voted for erdogan or that enough people was n't interrested in the politics . 
  ca n't remember hearing/reading anything about that . 
  who are you calling a semite ? 
   europe is capable to take in the refugees well , fuck that . 
  why do n't they build their own countries as they want them instead ? 
  why should europeans give up their countries to other people ? 
  there are approximtely 60 million refugees in the world , probably more and even more wanting to flee for a better life . 
  why should eureope have to take them in ? 
  there 's a whole planet for them to flee to . 
  especially people who have no plans on integrating . 
  adam ? 
  eu is impervious to flaming . 
   i believe the eu to be able to do good for europa . 
  the greedy worldbankers need to fuck off , though and not try to corrupt everything with their fucking midas-touch , turning everything to shit . 
  we can manage on our own if we follow what the people want . 
  to hell with greedy cunts . 
  europa should be united !, 
  you do n't think a million unemployed people in a small country like sweden , with under 10 million , will have a negative effect on the people and the economy ? 
   oh yeah of course not . 
  they would n't be doing it if it was n't actually possible to do it ( or at least it would fail as soon as the money is gone ) . 
  [ we will have to borrow money !, 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-sweden-forecast-iduskcn0sg0i220151022 ), 
  read the article ? 
  this is reddit , it 's a bit much to expect me to actually read the articles , do n't you think ? 
  i just see headlines and then i rage . 
  i 'm just your standard redditor , sir . 
  sorry about the sir-thing , just been bingewatching band of brothers . 
  seeing as i might have been a bit hasty in my commenting , i guess i should also apologize for being a douche . 
  sorry guys . 
  are you saying retards are gon na retard ? 
  no tourists at all is what you deserve then . 
  good luck with the economy . 
  edit : well this was not right , not right at all . 
  i hereby retract my comment . 
  but will leave it here for you guys to downvote . 
  the best order ever issued , soon to be followed . 
  [ i got a joint here i 've been saving for a special occasion . 
  is that an order ? 
  because , i always follow orders , well not really but in this case i just might . 
  he might be drunk . 
  you did n't . 
  i just reread what i wrote and thought that it might get understood wrong . 
  i hope you did n't take offence at what i wrote , i express myself a bit weird sometimes , which might come across as if not hostile , douchey . 
  sorry for that were that the case . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  look at the countries of europe and tell me that everything is n't moving far right on the political spectrum . 
  take a look at austria for an example of this happening at this very moment .
