so it 'd been visited before ? 
  there is something wrong here . 
  unless it 's not your personal laptop if this website blocked how on earth it still loads the favicon ? 
  as turkey we welcomed 3 million refugee just from syrian war . 
  feeding them , opening schools for them , healing them . 
  they are great people . 
  no need to apologise . 
  i love them . 
  migrants do n't sexually harass anybody . 
  idiots do . 
  regardless of your fucking skin color you do stupid things if you are stupid . 
  do n't believe everything media says . 
  eu do n't want migrants . 
  thats not a problem . 
  i understand that . 
  i do n't want syrians in my country too but stop accusing people with something they do n't do . 
  generalizing is bad . 
  you encourage migrants by telling them that they are sexually harassing people . 
  its very hard to be a different person in a different country . 
  i pay tax , i cycle everyday to work to help the environment , i have friends , i 'm trying to learn the language but when somebody tells me that i 'm here for white pussies i feel down and disappointed . 
  and it actually happened . 
  a drunk ~ ~ english ~ ~ man told me to go back because i 'm here for white pussies . 
  in my country pussies are better . 
  yeah . 
  migrants come to your country use social benefits and fight with everybody . 
  nice story . 
  i 'm a migrant . 
  i do n't attack anybody but i was attacked by a english man in turkey . 
  he was drunk as hell . 
  well , i guess it happens . 
  i hope yahoo will make an article about the guy who was trying to hit me with beer bottle . 
  please do n't believe this guy . 
  he is a liar and racist . 
  spreading false information . 
  pkk did n't claim anything here on the article it says  turkish officials say tak is a front for pkk attacks on civilian targets , but the pkk claims tak is a splinter group over which it has no control . 
   on its website , tak lashed out at what it described as a `` war coalition '' between turkish president recep tayyip erdogan and the islamic state group against the kurds . 
  you clearly on cocaine mate . 
  you made things up nice . 
  they are worried . 
  because we think erdogan will use this against secular people too . 
  also we are against the coup . 
  we are working very hard to win the next election . 
  i 'm not defending akp or erdogan . 
  i hate him and his ideology but people think if you criticise him you get killed or raped or something like that . 
  plus it 's not for criticising they swear to him . 
  this does n't make the situation any better . 
  you should not get into jail for that as well . 
  it 's totally fucked but it 's not as bad as people make it, 
  and chp was second . 
  i work for chp here as well . 
  this is not true for the uk !!, 
  this does n't even happen . 
  why you guys get this idea . 
  i post shit tons of bullshit about erdogan . 
  nothing happens . 
  on my facebook page i tell whatever i want and nothing happens . 
  its not really that bad but it 's shit anyway . 
  i moved to uk to leave that shithole but now i want to go back to clean that shit . 
  well , i know all of these and i 'm currently in a political party which is against all of these decisions that our government have been making . 
  what i understood from you that you calling all turkish people autocratic not the people who 's responsible from those decisions, 
  thanks . 
  we are working hard for that . 
  wow against the amount of bullshit here i need to stand in owe !!!!, 
  autocratic state ? 
  what do you do to turkish people in bulgaria ??? 
  you racist autocratic people . 
  we do n't want to join into corrupted and collapsing economy . 
  we wanted to join eu to make turkey more secular more humanist . 
  we have our culture and our beautiful land ... we do n't need eu for anything else . . 
  turkey offered armenia to open it 's archives . 
  turkey did . 
  but not armenia . 
  you know why ? 
  there are so much lies about it . 
  here is the thing . 
  ottoman killed so many armenians and it was a genocide . 
  what i 'm about to tell you is not that i 'm trying to make genocide less innocent . 
  armenia did genocide to anatolians . 
  killed childreen , women . 
  burned villages . 
  armenia and west does n't want anybody to hear this . 
  this is where turkish people get very upset and they say . 
  `` if you do n't wan na talk about this as man we do n't recognise a thing '' here is the thing . 
  if armenia opens the arhives and debate with historians they wo n't be able to get money and land from turkey . 
  if we recognise this we have to give money or land . 
  ~ ~ germany did no have to do this . ~ ~ things are very compleceted than you guys thing . 
  for you is that turkey is a muslim country and fuck them . 
  do n't even listen them . 
  if any turk debates against this just frame them as barbarian turks . 
  hehe . 
  my country and my government . 
  they are so fucking stupid . 
  but for the genocide personally we should apologise and get over with it . 
  the problem here is no one almost no one is talking about the genocide armenians did to the the anatolians . 
  they do n't appoligaze nor recognize it . 
  that 's so fucking sad . 
  of course they wo n't !, 
  hi , turkish here . 
  we do n't take him seriously . 
  he is just playing into nationalist votes .
