was expecting / r/humanporn , was not disappointed, 
  that 's the spirit i was when i posted this link !, 
  france is garlic and mime ... 
  i thought / r/europe would agree more . 
  nevermind ... 
  paying a 50 euros extra phone bill because of roaming 3g ? 
  not even twice . 
  `` medieval siege 101 '' is widely popular in ukraine . 
  dassault 's rafales are bad ( and they should feel bad ) and overpriced , no doubt : nobody wants to buy them , i would have been surprised if brazil did . 
  this is why boeing lost more in the swedish finally getting the deal : because they were a real contender . 
  i do n't agree when you say that spying on governments is legitimate . 
  i think it 's more accurate to say that in some specific cases ( when national security is at stake , and a very restrictive list of a few more cases ) , it 's justified . 
  but this nsa thing , it has gone too far . 
  spying on allied governments ? 
  on the european union ? 
  and with such a volume and regularity ? 
  it 's the system that has been created that the us should reconsider . 
  what is touchy too , is what spying is legitimate . 
  on govs , you are ok ; on citizens , not so much . 
  where do you put the red line ? 
  we spy all that is governmental ? 
  all that is presumed terrorist organization ? 
  all civil organization with subversive views ? 
  all organization ? 
  all citizens , in case of ? 
  this is a slippery slope ... 
  what 's the pitch ? 
  also , the [ rainbow warrior incident ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_of_the_rainbow_warrior ) was a disinterested attempt to test greenpeace boat 's waterproofness . 
  the us already lost a plane fighters contract with brazil because of `` intelligence '' issues . 
  ironically , it might be the business ( and not the citizens ) who could make the us reconsider their spying strategy . 
  or not . 
  to back this up , i 'd like to mention that the normans brought all the french vocabulary you can find in today 's english . 
  so yeah , they had been `` francisized '' already . 
  for the continent . 
  i recommand reading `` the world of yesterday '' ( stefan zweig ) about the shift in european culture during this period . 
  we 'd probably make a wall right after, 
  did we, 
  true . 
  this here is the main loss of ww2 . 
  what if there are cities behind the dams ? 
   the typesetting and yellowed paper did n't clue you in ? 
  =p those trends in infography nowadays ... 
  upvote for moar europe, 
  true , but the normal clubs are complaining that paris and monaco are killing the competition . 
  many stadium only get full when psg comes . 
  so far , it did n't help a lot to raise passion for football troughout the country . 
  truth is , we were never a country of football . 
  we have only one c1 ( it 's less than nottingham forest ) . 
  many french people do n't even support les bleus , they do n't give a shit . 
  our football culture is nothing compared to england , spain or italy . 
  i ignore why , but it 's like that ... 
  for monaco , it 's a lost cause : this city is the poshest place of mediterranean coast , it has a few people into football but they ca n't reach a huge popular base . 
  the average attendance this year , so far , is of 8700 persons . 
  for falcao and co. 
  very interesting . 
  france : we are not a country of football , definitely . 
  just avoid the touristy areas and it 's better ... 
  another source : www.livejasmin.com, 
   our ugliest form of prime minister, 
  funnily i thought you were answering my comment , my bad . 
  i was speaking about the efficiency of this particular poster in today 's ukraine . 
  effective , it has to be proven ... 
  i doubt many people fall for that ... 
  it 's a hard map to read ... what does a high abortion rate says ? 
  does it mean the country is so progressist that abortion is broadly accepted ? 
  or does it mean the society failed to provide its youngsters contraceptive information ? 
  as it 's probably both , plus others factors , it makes it difficult to analyze country by country . 
  except that it 's not the 60 's anymore and we wo n't build towers for working class without any public equipment, 
  i think it 's very good for the economical and social integration of paris ' difficult child , the seine saint-denis . 
  i go from paris to evry oftenly at night after partying , sometimes with the last rer , sometimes with the night bus ( 4am or so ) , and i 've always felt safe . 
  i 'm a guy though . 
  orly can be reached from paris with a rer train , and then a special orly train ( orlyval ) . 
  the new metro will make it simpler . 
  although , the rer being faster than the metro , it 's unclear how much faster this will be . 
  it 's probably also for reasons of increasing airplane activity that they needed more transport there . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  it was summer and the wedding season is spring . 
  moreover , the law effect is not so much about how many weds , but in the message of social acceptance it sends to the homosexuals . 
  the redditors will decide !, 
  let the great experiment begins !, 
  no , you 're right , he was pro-colonization . 
  still left-wing at the time . 
   a day will come when we shall see those two immense groups , the united states of america and the united states of europe , facing one another , stretching out their hands across the sea , exchanging their products , their arts , their works of genius , clearing up the globe , making deserts fruitful , ameliorating creation under the eyes of the creator , and joining together , to reap the well-being of all , these two infinite forces , the fraternity of men and the power of god . 
  victor hugo , 1849, 
   all you need is more than one wasted hour in a year to make the whole thing a perpetual loss . 
  do n't worry , we have a lot of wasted hours in public administration . 
  and that is what is more expensive in the uk, 
  the key data here is the media salary , +58,13 % . 
  maybe the choice of green or red should be done according to what is above or below this 58,13 % difference . 
  i got that , but i do n't know how to relate this to what i said before . 
  not in men ... 
  do n't trust me ... tit_inspector , i secretly plot a revenge for mers el kebir . 
  vive la france . 
  actually by their own sailors !, 
  source : [ mers-el-kebir ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attack_on_mers-el-k%c3%a9bir ), 
  wow , i wan na try that !, 
  aioli with beans is great too . 
  sorry , i do n't get your point about the sykes-picot agreement ... 
  i totally agree with that . 
  it is my perception as well ; although i would n't say it was mainly piratical .
