  the english privateers got famous names , but ca n't say that most of the merchants were law-breakers . 
  what i totally agree with : the economic factor is always the first one in english strategy . 
  for the french , it was all about the prestige . 
  and also , if it fucks up with the brits , we go for it . 
  i.e. , the us independance war . 
  so , why the french did n't take the lead in colonizing america , when we were 4 times more populated than england for most of the period ? 
  because many reasons : france has had to live next to powerful land neighbours such as the habsbourgs , the bourbons in spain , etc. . . and was in a constant state of war to defend/extend his lands . 
  the kings louis xiv to xvi always hadto maintain a huge infantry ni order to do so . 
  the agriculture also needed many arms to feed the country . 
  also i read that louis xiv mistakenly believed that france was depopulating , because the imperfections of the statistic tools he had at the time . 
  so , france demography was underestimated and he did n't want to send many citizens to america . 
  cause who cares about america ? 
  the prestige was what mattered to him . 
  the french way is more of a cultural domination ... 
  so i would pick the `` francophonie '' as a better example , it is the official soft-power french-speaking world network ... [ hijacking of uk thread in progress ], 
  i was quoting snatch actually my friend, 
  they 're a mistery to us . 
  so close , so far . 
  we love to hate them . 
  to me , they are the people that shaped the world , including the usa , which is shaping the world now , so they 're still indirectly shaping the world . 
  which is what we , the french , secretly wish we were still doing . 
  so we are a bit jealous . 
  also they are the nation that know the best how to pick a fight in order to win , and to fit their interest ( economical interest often ) . 
  the few battles napoleon was defeated , are the only fights they took part in . 
  english history is fascinating indeed . 
  they could n't equal other countries in traditional power so they built another game where their sailors would be unbeatable . 
  won an empire while the continent was fighting for lands they could n't hold . 
  fish , chips , cup o tea , bad food , worse weather , mary fucking poppins, 
  the massive majority of them are n't problematic . 
  islam is a religion of peace and those who practice it right makes no problem at all . 
  many are perfectly integrated . 
  those who do it wrong are attracting all the attention , in a context of crisis and of xenofobia . 
  the medias are doing a shit job and the far-right is harvesting on the fear they mirror . 
  so , the second one . 
  actually trappes is a good example of paris poor suburb with a good effort from the state . 
  trappes is included in the conurbation of saint-quentin-en-yvelines , with something like 6 other cities , some of them quite rich ( voisins , montigny ) , so trappes benefits of very good infrastructures . 
  i read your informations about zep , it is very interesting . 
  but we are already very far from a situation where we could say `` the state fails to be there '' . 
  it is more a situation that requires adjustments . 
   the departement of seine saint denis is a shithole , and teachers are n't interested to work there it 's just your opinion , i have a friend who is a young teacher and she refused to teach in the yvelines ( in a posh city ) to teach in the 93 . 
  she is one of many young teachers with great motivation who want their job to make a difference in the lives of some kids in poor neighborhoods . 
  also i work in a city in the 93 and there are a lot of social and cultural equipment . 
  the state does try to `` be there '' . 
  then there are some adjustment to be made . 
  you mention the places where firemen ca n't go without getting stoned . 
  which place are you refering too exactly ? 
  cause i saw sensationalist tv too but it seems to me that these are very few places . 
  but maybe you spoke with more real information . 
  our whole debate is around the fact that we do n't speak about the same places . 
  you describe a few clusterfucks , which sadly exist , where the social services are in a critical state . 
  agreed . 
  but my point is that these are very few places . 
  the great majority of the parisian suburbs , even `` poor ones '' , are doing okay and have good infrastructures and are getting out of the vicious circle of poverty and violence . 
  this includes trappes , evry , cergy , the other `` villes nouvelles '' ( new cities , hubs of infrastructures ) , and probably 3/4 of the 93 . 
  so , fortunately , it 's not that bad . 
  if it were as you describe it , it would a revolution already !, 
  instead , i know people who live in the 93 or other poor places and are happy about it . 
  ramadan requires much more than christmas . 
  no food and drinks by daylight hours , for 1 month ... 
  if you do this , you are a practicing muslim . 
  a few comments about unclear statements you make :  between 1,5 and 2 millions of people say they have a religious islamic practise , and a little over 3 millions practise ramadan . 
  and  in 1990 , only 60 % of muslims were doing ramadan , now it 's more than 85 % . 
  so according to the first quote , 200 % of practicing muslims could be doing ramadan ? 
  and then it 's only 85 % ? 
  it does n't make sense , could you clarify or provide sources ? 
  also i do n't agree when you talk about the `` failure of the state to be here '' . 
  do you have specific informations to backup that , or do you rely on the cliches the medias are often promoting ? 
  from my experience , i found that the state is actually present in the poor suburbs . 
  a city like trappes does have a lot of state-run infrastructures . 
  my impression is that many cities of the poor suburbs get a lot of equipment ( social centers , `` priority education areas '' , unemployment agencies , etc. . . ) and that the myth of the failed state in some banlieues ... is a myth . 
  the problem is elsewhere , in the perception the rest of the population have of them , and that is promoted by a terrible tradition of lazy journalism we have in france . 
  and a terribly unprofessional police , who rely on intimidation : french police is fond of identity checks and does n't have to justify them . 
  this leed to a massive trend to control people of arab/african descent . 
  there is no way to investigate on this because the statistic of identity checks are kept secrets by law . 
  another sign of the un-professionality of our police : the fact that its procedure of investigation rely heavily on the `` garde \u00e0 vue '' ( keeping in custody ) and on the intimidations they generate . 
  by law , the person kept in custody can keep silent . 
  after some political debates , the police has no obligation to notify the person that it can remain silent , because it would fuck the core of their job . 
  good points here . 
  these solutions have been tried but they failed because of reasons . 
  the `` proximity police '' was a special unit and was doing what you describe : soft law enforcement , engaging the population in a positive way . 
  they were installed by the left government in 1998 . 
  they have been removed by sarkozy short after the right party won the elections , in 2003 . 
  the dispersion of poor people , to avoid ghettos , is planned by a law of 2000 ( also from the left-wing government ) , which says that every city of more than 3500 inhabitants must have a 20 % of project housings with low cost for renting . 
  but it is not effective : the cities have the possibility of not fulfilling this 20 % , and to pay a fee . 
  needless to say , most of the rich towns , governed by right wing , prefer to pay a fee and not have project buildings . 
  ca n't we think of another one for today ? 
  thanks god there was the legend, 
  also , the discourse hollande made in algeria about recognizing the horrors from colonization, 
  sorry , just kidding , 
  i 'm sorry to say that spain is seen as a values-filled cousin , who you do n't see often , who seems happy but you 're down-looking him because he 's less wealthy . 
  i do n't know why we do n't have more regards to spain , they really are an awesome country . 
  why semi - ? 
  oui , indeed !, 
  i 'm an `` anglophile '' myself . 
  before going abroad , i had hard feelings towards england , because of history and rugby mainly . 
  but the day i learnt england has a close love/hate relationship with germany as well , i felt sad , jealous !, 
  so it is love/hate from myself but the more i know them , the more it tends to love . 
  and the prostitutes, 
  mass tourism can alienate some city centers . 
  sometimes profits only go to a few businesses .
