  the money can be good for the economy but the cons are high : in all case it contributes to make cities look like massive shopping malls full of souvenir boutiques and tours and crap restaurants . 
  damn those worldcup semis, 
  service available on all 5 continents !, 
  what about platini ? 
  from alpha to beta in 2 comments ... 
  thank you . 
  pff . 
  people . 
  ah , the good old plaza del tripi, 
   right-wing and only see spain as a single , unified culture haha i call it `` la espana del corte ingles '' i did n't live in madrid but 1 year in sevillla and i saw it there . 
  i also lived 7 years in barcelona and it 's not that big there . 
  interesting post , i think quite like you on this . 
  difficult to undertand barcelona on this . 
  with all the immigration from spain you mentionned , the city is quite schizophrenic : i remember the worldcup final in 2010 , when hundreds of thousands were shouting `` que viva espana '' , and the next day a catalanist march with hundreds of thousands shouting `` visca cataluna '' . 
  in the end today 's vote will not be so much about cataluna , right ? 
  what would you say is the main issue in today 's vote ? 
  hey , you 're not op !, 
   ok , first thanks , do you mind answering here ? 
  i wonder what 's really the position of podemos on catalonian independence . 
  op says they are for but i also read it was n't that clear , that they hesitated a lot . 
  it seems to me that being clearly pro-catalonian independence would be a political suicide in madrid . 
  also , what does madrid 's left wing thinks of catalonian independence ? 
  also , could you tell me where are you from in spain ? 
  thanks !, 
  no more question , 
  i 've lived 8 years in spain and this is extremely helpful too . 
  first time i get anything of spanish politics . 
  wait for the hipsters to settle in saint denis ... 
  he 's actually good at it, 
  and circlejerks and insider jokes , yeah . 
  but whenever someone come ask a question in english , the threads are quite nice and helpful . 
  i 'm pretty surprised they labeled it occitanie , considering they 're not usually helping history-rooted regionalism, 
  i was lucky to spend 3 days there . 
  the food and the wine , fucking awesome !, 
  really beautiful city, 
  it 's probably gon na get fiber in a few years span , france is not that big, 
  come on i 've never been to vienna but it looks fucking spectacular, 
  tell you what it 's fucking pittoresque, 
  he did n't say people were not nice in paris , he said they were nicer in some other places . 
  ca n't disagree if you 've lived around montpellier . 
  what does that mean ? 
  people can live happily in banlieue too, 
  come on r/france if you want more insights !, 
  we love to share , france is so diverse . 
  you 're from albi ? 
  spent 3 days there , i loved the history and the food . 
  locals told us it was boring as fuck . 
  maybe you should work out first, 
  this guy gets an arrested development reference, 
  actually , they re still in charge . 
  source : treaty of lisbon, 
  i ca n't even think the brexit will win the referendum . 
  if you look throughout history , england always took their strategic decisions according to what 's good for their money . 
  i can host if you want, 
  it 's ok , they can have them, 
  good for you !, 
  do you want to unify with us ? 
  we could be the frungary, 
  same with france and algerian players, 
  you then sent natacha saint-pierre . 
  but never again !, 
  are n't we the joke here ? 
  i hate when that happens, 
  some men just want to see the world burn . 
  sorry i was just kidding , i do n't know what the exact translation is . 
  also dunno about the cows !, 
  good day anyway sir !, 
  it 's been done for a while now , since the arab springs european tourism rerouted ... 
   central massive, 
  let 's not forget those companies come from an ultra liberal mindset where the state and the existing laws are useless ... 
  tour eiffel was the original skyscraper, 
   given the eu 's larger population , the per million people fatality rate for the us and the eu as a whole are virtually identical ( 0.62 for the us and 0.60 for the eu ) these are not homicides , these are for deaths from mass public shootings . 
  homicide rate is much higher in the us than in eu . 
   asterix in britain i wonder how this one translated in english ... 
  especially with this repetitive pun , in the french version , where the brit `` is n't it ? '', 
  is literally translated into `` n'est - il pas ? 
  '' , which sounds funny in french . 
  anyone knows how it got translated in the english version ? 
  yeah , `` borrowed '' . 
  you can never add pepsi to wine . 
  you can do calimocho though . 
  what ? 
  [ nooooooooooo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31g0ye61plq ), 
  haha can you tell me more about portuguese emigrants who come back from france thinking they 're the shit, 
  [ u/seeders in portugal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp_9zh9q44o ), 
  telling that to a french does n't piss him off , but it will make you lose all your credibility . 
  edit : `` italian wine '' would be more effective, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tacoma_narrows_bridge_ ( 1940 ), 
  r/sweatypalms shit right here so , that 's a yes ? 
  [ luckily we 're past those times ] ( https://youtu.be/x8yr5ns-py0?t=99 ), 
  and back to brexit ... 
  `` i wo n't do you no harm , landscape ... '', 
  fuck it 's beautiful, 
  ireland is benefiting from being a tax haven for gafas . 
  not cool , mates . 
  irish numbers are exagerated : it giants are settling their european office there to avoid paying tax . 
  resulting gdp is n't produced in ireland but in the ue . 
  quite unfair to the rest of europe btw , ireland is helping the gafas to avoid paying taxes they owe to european countries . 
  do you want a bipartisan system ? 
  because that 's how you get a bipartisan system .
