on a related topic :  ` the euro will collapse in one or two years ' ive been hearing that for about 14 years now . 
  a rocket is n't a projectile though , because it has its own `` engine '' attached . 
  at least that 's how i understood it, 
  seems rational to have three unused tenses as a redundancy in case a primary tense fails to deliver !, 
  better nate than sorry !, 
  you probably have n't worked in an office with middleaged woman before ... they are the only ones i know that call it that . 
  / edit : strange autocorrect ( only < -  online ), 
  geez , he probably just did n't know . 
  though it does get covered at some point as european history , it is n't really done in detail and only , i believe , around the 6th or 7th grade . 
  most people ( in germany ) forget about it soon after . 
  not even that, 
  yes . 
  seems that i 'm nearly as ridiculous as my teacher . 
  my english teacher explained a few sessions back that the uk is n't called `` england '' but great briton ... 
  i almost face-palmed . 
  in minor cities yes . 
  they are however however tiny ( 15-25 m ^ 2 ) and you share for example the kitchen and bath . 
  [ this one ] ( http://picture.immobilienscout24.de/pic/orig01/n/180/687/380/180687380-0.jpg/orig/resize/540x540%3e/format/jpg?3359878478 ) for example costs 180 $ / month and is in kiel . 
  and do n't forget the 400 $ minijobs ... it screws with the poor people that ca n't get a good job . 
  thats the biggest abomination in our social state and by itself proof that the german population is not a `` big winner '' . 
  ( putting 400 $ into perspective : rent of a one room apartment costs about 200 $ , you 'll need additional electricity ~ 20-50 $ , heating and utilities ~ 100 $ . 
  this leaves at most 50 $ for food , clothing and such -- despite having a seriously terribly standard of living ), 
  lmao . 
  that guy is ridiculous, 
  you do realize that `` so brave '' is satirical ? 
  he is telling you that a ridiculous comment like yours in which you merely call some politicians names is * not * brave . 
  you look like a child with a comment like that . 
  put actual reasons for these assessments in there and people might be able to take you seriously . 
  the beginning of the end has been announced about 2 minutes after the initial announcement of the euro . 
  these forecasts are almost always wrong . 
  damn , the linked video in the article is offline . 
  would have loved to see that host flail around after the salute !, 
  he 's the one backing his claims with actual sources which back him . 
  you are just insulting him with no arguments whatsoever . 
  it should also be noted that communism is a very easily corrupted system . 
  this means essentially that small and good communism societies could exist . 
  its just that a single bad apple can destroy the hole basket , which is why communism never worked in the long run ( nor would in any sizable economy ) . 
  you made my day, 
  you 're quite morbid if you think hiv is the answer to that problem . 
  and it gets worse every year ... our unemployment numbers might have been at a 20 year low this summer , but all these newly employed workers are working on minimal wages ( as in 500-900 $ brutto/month with a 40h week, 
  some coverage is understandable , but i do n't understand why this gets any legislature . 
  who the fuck cares who or what you fuck ? 
  ... seriously , ridiculous . 
  sure , i find it repugnant , but for what logical reason should lawmakers waste time and thus money in considering the legality of something so ... inessential . 
  corporations will do anything covertly they ca n't do overtly . 
  but still , they 'll try to get the biggest profit - no matter the cost . 
  often its just easier to play by the rules , as the penalties for getting caught are to big . 
  for the human corruption part ... you seriously think you are n't corrupt ? 
  just imaging yourself poor , fending for your and the survival of your family ... do i really have to go on ? 
  that thought experiment is way too old . 
  to my knowledge germanys government does n't allow corruption - neither inside nor outside of our borders , so they 'd be punished . 
  if there are no penalties , then you can safely conclude about a nations corruption . 
  this is so obviously flawed logic i can only conclude you 're trolling . 
  all humans are corrupt . 
  as such , no nation is without corruption . 
  although germanys government is arguably less corrupt than some other nations - i never made any statement to that part . 
  i merely pointed out that the reason d'etre for all corporations is to make money - by that definition : they 're corrupt . 
  / edit : and the population has absolutely no influence on the actions of the firms , as such can not be held responsible for their deeds . 
  as , in germanys example , the government is voted into office , the responsibility for their action lies with the people . 
  all corporations are corrupt , but since when are corporations representatives of nations ? 
  i could imagine some reasons . 
  for starters : oxford english pronunciations can seriously confuse people . 
  next up : for communication to work , both sides have to understand each other . 
  so , perhaps - while they speak better english , they might have more trouble understanding the broken english of foreigners . 
  or ... the statistic is simply broken . 
  alternative medicine :  alternative medicine is any practice claiming to heal `` that does not fall within the realm of conventional medicine . 
  '' [ 1 ] it may be based on historical or cultural traditions , rather than on scientific evidence medicine :  medicine is the applied science or practice of the diagnosis , treatment , and prevention of disease . 
  that sounds rather straight-forward to me . 
  he merely pointed out the definition of alternative medicine . 
  had it been proven to work , it would no longer be alternative medicine . 
  lets call it `` imperia '' and put a `` caesar '' in charge of it !, 
  yeah . 
  he should have shown a mad alchemist distilling gold in the bottom right and the `` formula '' for said process in the top left corner . 
  i 'm having trouble interpreting that . 
  we can see angela merkel as the goalkeeper in front of a football goal with a yellow top , white gloves and black shorts . 
  all the other nation heads are on the ground , wearing bright-blue shirts with their flags printed on the frontside and dark shorts . 
  a ball in the form of an euro coin is currently flying into the goal , but angela merkel does n't seem to care about it . 
  in the background we can also see a man in a suit , probably making a commentary over the ongoing game . 
  so , the artist of this probably wants to say that angela merkel does n't care about the euro crisis and that all other member states are unable to help any further with the solution of the problem . 
  also , as the ball has already passed her , she would not be able to prevent that goal anymore . 
  it is a done deal . 
  i ca n't agree to that for different reasons : she is n't indifferent to the crisis . 
  if she were , she 'd be beyond stupid as it will destroy the german economy just the same as all other participating nations . 
  also , the other nations are shown to be either utterly useless or having fucked up so badly that they are unable to contribute to the solution of this situation . 
  ** tl , dr ** : neither is germany the only player left standing , nor is it standing indifferent on the side without any care , nor is the crisis already unavoidable ( well to some extend it is , but full economic collapse should still be ** avoidable ) . 
  yes , the established cities are crowded , there are however entire cities with no population at all . 
  the buildings for the shops , housing etc are there , but everything is empty . 
  a quick google search gave me this as first hit http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2005231/chinas-ghost-towns-new-satellite-pictures-massive-skyscraper-cities-still-completely-empty.html, 
  ah yes , i did n't understand that . 
  thanks for clearing that up for me . 
  another day , another fail, 
  if you do n't have data to back these claims yes , that would make it racist . 
  if do have data on that , and use this data to draw conclusions about the inhabitants of their native nations , it would still be racist . 
  the only `` not-racist '' one could possibly do with that data is to start an initiative , to educate these people free of charge and get them a way to better their lives . 
  this would enrich the society as a hole ... i 'd wager most of them just do n't know the next step , despair and stop trying . 
  the true nature of money is a unicorn eating a pink pineapple !, 
  after thinking for a while for an appropriate answer ... i have to give up . 
  you realize that the collapse will hurt your economy , but nonetheless still enjoy it . 
  this just does n't make sense to me . 
  by eating popcorn over this crisis you insinuate that you enjoy this ... tragedy .
