  we are far enough north that we get plenty of sun in the winter , which is when these exams are held . 
  the iraqi central government [ rejected having us bases in their country in 2011 ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/oct/21/iraq-rejects-us-plea-bases ) and i have n't seen anything suggesting that attitude has changed . 
  they would like air power and weapons , but i imagine that it would be political ( and perhaps literal ) suicide for a government in baghdad to invite western troops back . 
  the kurds are obviously a different story , but might also prefer weapons to people . 
  we have our good days and our bad days on r/europe !, 
  as a christian , i think every life is precious . 
  britons should not be expected to observe islamic holidays , but we should not stop muslims observing their own calendar by scheduling unmissable events at highly inconvenient times , given that muslims are a majority in some parts of the uk . 
  i 'm a christian and think it 's a wonderful thing that christian festivals are public holidays here ( especially having lived abroad where i was expected to work on christmas day and good friday ! ) . 
  however , the reality is that the uk now has a variety of religious communities . 
  for example , i 'm certain that my workplace has many more active muslims than active christians . 
  as a christian , i respect muslims because of jesus ' teaching to show honour to those to whom honour is due and to love your enemies ( in the sense that we are on opposite sides in the battle of ideas and prayer ) . 
  but we do . 
  see netherlands 1945 , belgium 1945 , germany 1990 , lithuania 1990 , ireland 1922 , etc. 
  i completely agree , but the point is that the vatican does lay down regulations for roman catholics , but happily they should n't affect exam performance much . 
  in english , a carnival is a fun parade that can be held at any time of year , associated with overeating . 
  nothing to do with the pope and his followers . 
  source : [ oxford dictionary ] ( http://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/carnival ), 
  apart from pancakes on shrove tuesday and mothering sunday , lent is purely a religious festival in the uk . 
  there 's no tradition of parades etc. 
  if you mean lent , then its rather different . 
  roman catholics do eat meals during lent . 
  abstaining from meat is not going to damage your grades ( see daniel chapter 1 ! ) . 
  muslims do n't eat daytime meals for weeks , which seriously messes with exam performance . 
  actually , the uk has plenty of precendents for accommodating other religious groups in this way . 
  you never have exams at christmas or easter and very rarely on sabbath . 
  it 's just a matter of simple respect for people . 
  so you have to stop work for a few hours . 
  that 's not the end of the world . 
  people in northern ireland had this kind of thing happening every day for decades ( there are still minor bomb alerts pretty much every day ) , but life just goes on . 
  just think of it like roadworks . 
  to ensure he was shot and ` martyred ' , not arrested and brought to justice . 
  he may have been more concerned to get martyred than to cause casualties . 
  the fake belt works quite well for that purpose . 
  that 's already happening . 
  eu member states have provided military support to the iraqis ( and the iraqis have made it very clear that they do * not * want large-scale combat operations ) . 
   , they 're just illegal immigrants . 
  `` just '' ? 
  they 're human beings , with human rights . 
  i vehemently disagree with many of their ideas about the role of women , the place of israel , the drinking of alchohol , etc. 
  but that does n't mean we want them dead in a ditch . 
   enforcing the law does n't make you idi amin . 
  idi amin * was * enforcing the law when he expelled the uganda asians - but it was a barbaric law that he 'd made . 
  that is not the route europe should go down . 
  what is your practical proposal when a syrian man refuses to get on the plane back to raqqah ? 
  tell him `` go back to daesh-land or we shoot you '' ??? 
  we 'd be no better than daesh/isis . 
   you do know , that the guys from `` syria '' do n't really believe in jesus ? 
   they are more on the side of `` kill everyone who insults islam '' . 
  small difference , but still / s actually , if you talk to serious muslims ( as i have done in the past ) , they have a lot of respect for isa/jesus . 
  and jesus ' message is that you love your enemies . 
  he knew people would kill him but he went ahead anyway . 
  i 'm suggesting europeans should be voting to take some risks . 
   umm , what ? 
  i did n't call for like isolation of muslims or whatever , how is that related ? 
  because leaving muslim corpses on the borders of the eu is n't going to do much for future relations between islamic-majority states and the eu . 
   how it the hell wwii is related to anything ? 
  i 'm sorry if my analogy was n't clear enough . 
  the americans could have focused japan and ignored germany , leaving the uk and ussr to fight alone . 
  instead , they recognized that their security depended on europe 's security too ; they needed to `` make the world safe for democracy '' ( roosevelt ) . 
  i 'd like to think that the soviets were also attempting to do something more altruistic than simply raping and pillaging their way across the continent ( but you probably know more about that than me ) . 
  likewise , we in europe need to recognize that our security is also affected by what happens in the middle east , so we ca n't ignore syria and that includes the refugees on our doorstep . 
  europe would n't have chosen mass arrivals of refugees on its wish-list for 2014 , but hospitality was the right response . 
  it 's like when my classmate locked himself and his friends out of his flat : i had to put them up for a few hours until they got sorted , because it was the right thing to do . 
  it would be great if more of these men were willing to go back and fight . 
  but i honestly do n't know if i 'd have the guts . 
  i expect a lot of them just want to go to work , drink ~ ~ beer ~ ~ coffee and play paradox games , same as european young men . 
   send the single men back home you 're going to have do that at gunpoint , using the tactics of idi amin and apartheid south africa . 
  not the sort of company that europe should be keeping . 
  firstly , because it 's not an either/or . 
  you can protect your compatriots and others in need if you are willing to work hard at it . 
  the former yugoslavia , for example , is hardly paradise , but it 's a lot better shape than it was when milosevic went around unopposed . 
  europe needs to stand up to the bullies in damascus as well as the bullies in cologne . 
  secondly , i 'm a christian . 
  jesus taught the golden rule : `` do to other people what you would like other people to do to you '' . 
  even if you do n't share my christian worldview , you can presumably accept that . 
  or were the americans ( and to a certain extent the soviets ) wrong to help europe in our hour of need ? 
  and as a christian , i think that jesus is the perfect case of someone who gave up his own security because he cared about others - even the security of his then enemies . 
  thirdly , because europe had a significant muslim population long before last year , so there 's a democratic demand for most european states to engage in the middle east and to accept refugees . 
  fourthly , because we need oil to power our civilization , so we need to engage with the islamic world to some extent . 
  i hope we 'll eventually aim for a much more positive engagement than just paying for the horses and harems of sheikhs and dictators . 
  by the way , you are ( doubtless unconsciously ) echoing the words of the notorious british appeaser neville chamberlain : `` how horrible , fantastic , incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas-masks here because of a quarrel in a far away country between people of whom we know nothing '' . 
  chamberlain soon discovered that czechoslovakia was n't so far away after all . 
  i agree . 
  i think the migrant crisis demonstrates the need for further european integration and a common border control agency for the schengen states . 
  however , the media narrative has become one that says the migration crisis should drive states apart - and this thread is sympomatic of the problem . 
  it 's just always easier to blame the other ( both muslim and other eu members ) instead of sorting out the problem with a lasting solution . 
  the same way it accepted millions of germans in the 1940s , hundreds of thousands of portuguese in the 60s , turks in the 70s and 80s ... a lot of hard work , pain , and determination . 
  in port areas , probably yes . 
  but it would never have been reported . 
  the canadian solution is a good one for canada . 
  she lives in a posher neighbourhood , so to speak . 
  but europe is not far away from syria . 
  it 's just hard to see where you could draw the line . 
  at what border do you say no to the single men ? 
  syria ---------- you ca n't leave men to be shot by isis . 
  turkey ---------- you ca n't leave men to drown . 
  greece ---------- why would the locals stop men who are just passing through ? 
  balkans ---------- will the hungarians build proper camps for the men ? 
  austria -------- how could germany leave austria to handle 600,000 men ? 
  germany suggestions are welcome .
