   they had to check if the rules allowed the tories had five years in government and sixty years since the foundation of nato to find out what the rules are . 
  no , this was political . 
  osborne , like all chancellors , wanted to give himself room for manouvre - and therefore power over his cabinet colleagues . 
  if you 're proposing to pay people to convert to your liberal worldview , then it 's clearly failed . 
  while i learned stuff from and mostly agree with your informative post , there 's one misleading point :  i would personally love it if muslims had access to the type of funds available to christian churchs . 
  there are so many nice and beautiful churches and cathedrals to the point where some are a work of art . 
  basically , you do have access to that money : * the biggest source of church building funding is donations from members . 
  just ask mosque-goers for money . 
  i appreciate muslims tend to be poorer in the uk ( mainly because so many are descended from rural farmers in sylhet ) , but in principle you 're on a level playing field . 
  * mosques , like churches , can recover the vat they spend on their buildings from the government 's [ listed places of worship repair fund ] ( http://www.lpowroof.org.uk/ ) . 
  # 42m/year is available , although [ only about # 30m/year seems to be claimed ] ( http://www.lpwscheme.org.uk/value_of_claims_received.html ) . 
  * hm government would also like mosques and churches apply for money from the lottery , although they ought to know that christians and muslims are opposed to gambling . 
  there is one important exception : the government ran [ a one-off scheme ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/news/support-for-churches-and-cathedrals-across-the-uk-announced-by-chancellor ) where it gave # 20m for repairs to ancient cathedrals and churches of national importance , as a memorial to those who died in the first world war . 
  of course , those cathedrals were built the same way churches are funded today : through money from christians . 
  up until the 19th century , the vast majority of brits were christians and there was a kind of tax ( parish tithes ) to pay for local buildings . 
  but in oxford , for example , most of the churches were built through purely voluntary donations . 
  by comparison , a muslim source in * [ the independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/wahhabism-a-deadly-scripture-398516.html ) * estimated that saudi arabia spends us$ 2-3bn / year in promoting islam abroad . 
  sensible countries automatically deduct your income tax from your pay packet , with a computer doing all the arithmetic . 
  some countries force their citizens to calculate everything by hand at the end of the year , thereby giving plenty of opportunities for people to avoid paying them . 
  china has done this for for at least 15 years with scratch-off prizes on the receipts . 
  there 's still a huge market in fake and second-hand receipts though , because you can get big tax reductions by claiming expenses . 
   the trade was made between portugal and its colonies  we `` lose '' the colonies what happened between portugal and its colonies was n't equal trade between partners , it was the portuguese elite exploiting people in those countries . 
  because they could get rich out of mines and serf labour in africa , they did n't bother educating ordinary portuguese people . 
  since joining the eu , portuguese companies have had to compete on equal terms instead of entering negotiations with a gun at the other persons ' head . 
  unsurprisingly , they 've found it difficult to adapt and some have failed badly . 
  do n't get angry at the eu . 
  get angry at salazar , his racist regime , and his corporate buddies who went along with it . 
  and join with workers across the eu to fight together against labour exploitation wherever it 's found . 
  what policy are you talking about ? 
  as far as i know it 's deliberate eu policy to ` set aside ' wild areas adjacent to farmland and farmers are paid trillions of euros to encourage them to do it . 
  smile !, 
  i suspect that 's got a lot more to do with the fact that he 's right-wing that any of his religious beliefs . 
   you can then use that argument to put him in any position of power . 
  that 's right . 
  so why should the science ministry be exempt , which is what you seem to be arguing ? 
   what information about politics does he need ? 
  i said something that i thought was so absurd that no one could possibly take it seriously ... 
  if you think that could be a serious suggestion , well , if you are a science graduate then you have just disproved your own argument !, 
  and also the ones who are studying are not going to `` erasmus '' events , they 're going to `` history '' events , etc. 
  i knew a turkish student , not on erasmus , who initially thought it was just a big organization that organized parties !, 
  the problem is that you often need to speak another language and not many brits have the language skills . 
  often only foreign language students know about it , even if it 's theoretically open to others . 
  at my university it was only available to european foreign language and law students . 
  the op article seems to omit the most amazing fact about erasmus : it 's estimated that there have been [ a million erasmus babies ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/student/news/eus-erasmus-study-abroad-programme-responsible-for-1m-babies-9751749.html ) , though sadly probably a very large number of erasmus abortions too . 
  all the big empires did something similar to this in the mid-twentieth century . 
  it was called conscription . 
  well , not necessarily . 
  most of those kids are being educated or trained anyway . 
  they all live somewhere . 
  a lot of them will go on a foreign holiday each year . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a good idea , but cost is probably not the main obstacle . 
  theology can include ethics . 
  maybe it might be rather important to have somebody in charge who thinks about what it is the right thing to do as well as what is possible . 
  after all , science degrees do n't include any information about politics . 
  maybe science graduates should be disqualified from voting ? 
   we 're not a default i thought r/europe ** is ** a default now in europe ( except uk/russia ) ? 
  the draft legal documents are due for submission on 1 april . 
  interesting timing , that . 
  thank you for having the courage to address the practicalities . 
   screening camps should have been set up either in the countries where the refugees land or the countries that the refugees are coming from . 
  this was exactly what the greeks , italians , turks , and others were required to do under eu and international law . 
  they , not merkel , bear a large part of the responsibility . 
  remember that the police did clear the square outside the railway station . 
  they thought they had a fireworks and pickpocketing problem . 
  i doubt the police chief writes the press releases . 
  and it seems that when the statement was released , 0857 , the scale and nature of the problem was still not clear . 
  i do n't know , but i wonder whether finns are less likely to be on the street on new year 's eve , what with the whether and all . 
  helsinki is hardly the party capital of europe ( no offence intended !, 
  they did take action - they completely cleared the square outside train station at one point . 
  but they were focused on people setting off fireworks , which was a clear and present danger to public safety . 
  it seems the first reports of sexual assaults did n't come in until much later in the evening , and it was n't until well into new year 's day that they had a big enough picture to realize this was different from usual new year 's eve crime spike . 
  it 's also worth remembering that at the same time , the main railway station in munich was being evacuated because of a terrorist threat . 
  i wonder whether that was because intelligence services were picking up a lot of text messages in arabic saying `` let 's all go down to the * hauptbahnhof * and have some fun '' . 
  but in any case it explains why the cologne police were focusing their attention on loud bangs around the station . 
   i do n't know how you remember it but east germany did n't just fit snugly back into a unified germany . 
  the rebuilding of infrastructure cost something like $ 2trillion . 
  if you read up the thread , that 's a major part of my point . 
  integrating the new arrivals will be really difficult , but the germans have done very hard tasks before , even without the aid of wealthy neighbours , and they can do it again . 
   so we should put ourselves at risk physically and economically just so that we ` might ' shame medieval autocrats into being ideologically consistent ? 
  but we have a hard task , and we should take all the help that we can get . 
  the arab autocrats have plenty of money and live in an honour/shame culture , so that might be a way to get help . 
   in a perfect world we would not have to interact with middle eastern governments at all , we would just go in and overthrow them as well as the culture that keeps them in place . 
  obviously that is also ridiculously idealistic and we do need to engage with islamic countries on some level but compromising ourselves just to appease them is moronic . 
  we 're not compromising ourselves to appease them . 
  we 're offering hospitality to desperate men and women because we 're kind and responsible members of the international community . 
   the suffering of innocents is inevitable in any event but it could have been drastically mitigated had merkel and co. not completely fucked this entire operation from the word go . 
  i still have n't seen anyone , anywhere in this huge thread suggesting what would actually happen to the refugees if europe had said no and , critically , at which border europe should say no . 
  look up the thread at the context of my comment . 
  u/apostrophe wrote `` send the single men [ in germany etc. ], 
  back home '' . 
  i think that single syrian and eritrean men are going to refuse to go back home . 
  so what do we do ? 
  give them parachutes and drop them out of planes over daesh/isis-held territory ? 
  deny them food , i.e. 
  torture them , until they go home ? 
  your point is correct , but it 's irrelevant in this sub because the reality is that the refugees are on europe 's doorstep now . 
  it 's a different story for canada because they are on the other side of the ocean . 
  germany in 1990 was dependent upon its extremely wealthy neighbours ??? 
  and actually , if europe is serious about engaging with the islamic world , we might shame the arab oil emirates into contributing something . 
  their response so far to the syrian refugee crisis has suggested that claims of arab and islamic unity are rather hollow .
