  na just the loudmouths on both sides . 
  i mean no combat system is truly known until it meets combat . 
  i just ca n't take the russians saying yea it can shoot down stealth fighters as 100 % fact . 
  when it happens then i 'll believe it , 
  well of course they will say that . 
  but can they really ? 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  is n't this assuming it can detect stealth fighters or bombers ? 
  how does russia have air parity ? 
  what ? 
  seems strange then to bring that up in a europe subreddit do n't you think ? 
  yea i originally completely read it as unrelated dirty work america has done and nurses the whole refugee part . 
  yea check my edit . 
  oh whoops i read that wrong . 
  right ... carry on . 
  what ... . . what the hell does the u.s have to do with this . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot . 
  nothing to see here . 
  uh , bulgaria and romania would like a word about secure borders . 
  i dunno , seems pretty obvious which side is just plain wrong . 
  true , but that 's a money issue :p i would n't want the mig if everything was on an even money field , but it 's the realistic choice . 
  oh , taking cost into account . 
  i see . 
  yea , that would make sense . 
  although the cost per f-35 will drop . 
  i think you are crazy for wanting a mig-21 over the f-35 :p also an aviation fan haha . 
  oh ... that 's what you meant . 
  wow that 's straight crazy . 
  well , after reading this , i went and looked at some of his/her post history . 
  good god ... 
  rofl , so because i live in america i 'm not allowed to come on here and talk about my homeland ? 
  it is n't about knowing , i 'm sure all those people have looked at a map , it is about not realizing it . 
  look , you have some superiority complex going on , and i just provided some examples as how you smart europeans fuck up your sense of distance . 
  why are you expanding this out so much ? 
  had this entire big paragraph typed out for you , accidentally hit refresh . 
  all gone . 
  probably for the best . 
  your second line though , i just want to point out is simply not true . 
  not only have i run into european tourists who actually believed that , but in this very subreddit i 've seen people not understand the size of the u.s. 
  when i was over there ( romana ) , people did n't understand that i only knew about one tiny section of the country , and that traveling to all the well known areas they know ( california , texas , etc. ), 
  takes a long time by car . 
  is ancient dacia not an imprint on ancient history though ? 
  romans spoke highly of the lands . 
  sure it is no roman or greek empire , but most places are n't . 
  lol what americans do you talk to who say this ? 
  if anything , europeans are guilty of the same exact thing . 
  i 'm gon na go visit boston and go to california in the same day !, 
  or , basically equating the south to the rest of the country when it comes to christianity , values , etc. 
  its not like that in ny at all . 
  i 'm moving to california though ... next year . 
  i know the feeling :p and i was n't even born there !, 
  weakness . 
  how the fuck are people ok with constant airspace violations ? 
  literally is weakness . 
  typical shifting the argument here . 
  what does this have to do with the current issue of airspace ? 
  the veteran situation is a case by case basis in the u.s. 
  most of the issues i 've seen basically stems from the va not providing proper care . 
  but care is technically available . 
  a lot of times , it requires someone to seek it out , but i know people who would n't because there is still a sort of shunning against mental issues in the culture as a whole . 
  how do you stop an albanian tank ? 
  you shoot the people pushing it . 
  african-american is specifically about the black africans in america . 
  just like we had irish-american , german-americans , etc. 
  why , i do n't know . 
  probably the same reason that i 'm still considered romanian . 
  it 's a nice gesture no ? 
  hey i 'm in nato , here is my contribution . 
  sure makes me respect them a lot more . 
  does it not bother you that europeans will complain about america yet put in no effort in their own militaries ? 
  at this point america 's military is all europe has . 
  and that in my opinion is shameful . 
  america is at the fore front of foreign policy because there is literally no one else with a proper force . 
  the u.s has occupied iraq and afghanistan for almost a decade . 
  what military failure do you speak of ? 
  the failure of policy is different . 
  disbanding the iraqi army was a colossal failure for example as bad policy , but as far as the military goes ... the only thing that stopped us was a war weary public , and well morals . 
  the roe was such so that you could n't do what was done in vietnam , korea , ww2 . 
  hearts and minds as cheesy as it sounds was the heart of the counter insurgency effort . 
  for the most part it worked . 
  or you know , because after iraq , the public does n't want to enter another war ? 
  op , why not list your books ? 
  i had no idea what you were referencing lol . 
  what ? 
  defense and resources mostly . 
  i mean the defense itself is a big deal in my opinion . 
  i doubt we even care if sweden allies with nato . 
  what does sweden have to offer ? 
  nothing . 
  instead , you just get to reap the benefits . 
  does n't seem fair to me , and like others have said , sweden should be a contributing member if they want in . 
  i think it 's because there is a giant circle jerk about sweden , so naturally there needs to be the anti circle jerk . 
  easy , romania . 
  although i view both u.s and romania as my countries even though i was born in the u.s , so if i had to pick another country then uh ... probably italy . 
  got ta keep that romance language , and italian is closer to romanian than the other ones as far as i 'm concerned . 
  i 'll keep this in mind next time someone calls america dumb :p, 
  that is a bad argument ... 
  why you guys got ta bring the usa into this . 
  there is no winning against the intellectually superior euro snobs . 
  either i 'm a dumb american or inferior romanian .
