i actually laughed at this . 
  i do n't know what your game is because you had zero points . 
  well free speech in america does n't mean you can literally say anything you want . 
  intent of harm is illegal for example . 
  but besides that , there is nothing to argue . 
  i think stifling any sort of speech is wrong . 
  and i prefer the u.s view of freedom of speech . 
  interesting point , because i do n't see that as a good thing . 
  ( the illegal part ), 
  what ? 
  texas has to make up for something ? 
  no , it is n't that i want to get my news from reddit , its that i like to discuss the news . 
  well , i 've been lurking for a while , so at least it seems to be better than worldnews :p and , i already know some of the pitfalls of this place , would rather deal with you people though then world news haha . 
  i 've started coming here for my world news over world news . 
  but the united states owns puerto rico . 
  it 's a u.s territory . 
  i still do n't get it though lol . 
  edit : downvotes for not knowing something is mean . 
  what does that have to do with not entering a currency union with mexico ? 
  this does n't make any sense ? 
  is the joke that puerto rico is mexican cause hispanic ? 
  i 've been waiting for that . 
  it is a little shocking hearing european compliment us :p, 
  did i just see him compliment the u.s ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm just telling you what i observed . 
  a load of land that had majority romanians living in it though . 
  i 've noticed an upward trend at the number and severity of discriminatory actions in the uk against romanians , poles , and other minorities the last few years . 
  truly shameful . 
  what the hell is going on over there ? 
  seriously ? 
  well i doubt the govts want them to leave, 
  true , but the overall feel i get is that most people are resentful of russians because of old soviet rule . 
  that 's hilarious haha . 
  when nato had that big exercise a few months ago , i kept seeing venit americanii !, 
  everywhere on romanian social media/networks . 
  whoops . 
  yea i have no problem with some community service . 
  always glad to see the discussions about how europe 's military sucks and how you guys need the americans . 
  why would n't i stay . 
  you must have never been out east then ? 
  in romania , russia is actually disliked ( well , according to my family , i 'm not actually there ) . 
  i told my dad i went on a date with a half russian girl , and i could see that he had an angry flair in his eyes . 
  he did n't say anything , just looked at me , nodded , and walked away . 
  i talked to him about it before , and while he has nothing against the russian people , he has a giant dislike for the russian government for `` destroying his country '' . 
  so he gtfo and went to america . 
  but arrest worthy ? 
  i like to think its an exponential increase !, 
  the more of them you take out , even more gets taken out later on !, 
  i feel like reddit really skews the perception of life in america , like we are all fat beggars on the streets because we gave all our money to health care , when in reality , most people here are just living life . 
  the u.s is not the fattest country in the world . 
  source : http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/04/22/youll-never-guess-the-worlds-fattest-country-and-no-its-not-the-u-s/ health care least effective ? 
  i 'll give you expensive ( for certain people , which is still a tragedy ) , but effective ? 
  i do n't even know what that means . 
  you know where healthcare was n't effective ? 
  the united states is a paradise compared to it . 
  u.s has great fucking healthcare , what are you even talking about . 
  that statement honestly dumbfounded me . 
  fracking is just brushed aside ? 
  i guess the big debate about fracking never reached your newspapers . 
  it has been a hot topic all year . 
  certain states have banned fracking , others have not . 
  it is n't a federal issue , states are vying for that right currently . 
  new federal rules this year about fracking . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/21/us/politics/obama-administration-unveils-federal-fracking-regulations.html?_r=0 however , this only applies to public land but my point is , it is far from being `` brushed '' aside . 
  so i did n't know , but i looked it up and found out it means wassenaar arrangement semiautomatic rifle, 
  century arms have gotten better about it the last few years . 
  there really are n't any big issues with them anywhere . 
  the most annoying thing to me is the lack of the dimples in the mag well . 
  wasr is absolutely fine for the price . 
  ak47 is a russian designed rifle . 
  honestly , russia might be able to get away with a lot more than ukraine land grabs with the current attitude in europe . 
  no way in hell do i want to get sent over to fight for cowards . 
  i would however do everything in my power to protect romania , 
  you guys are delusional when it comes to european military . 
  i have zero confidence that western europe would be able to mount any sort of operation against russia . 
  romania views the u.s as a better military ally than its neighbors or continent mates . 
  does that not bother anyone else ? 
  trusting defense to a country across the atlantic ocean ... 
  i 'd normally agree , but seeing most of the countries in nato you guys do n't deserve it . 
  once you guys start pulling your weight i could see it . 
  of course i 'd rather see the u.s out of nato completely , although i do like the protection it provides romania ... 
  what ? 
  america 's economy dwarfs the uk :p anyways i kinda like this idea . 
  i 'd honestly rather be in this union than in nato . 
  everyone in here is trashing eurovision , but you get the downvotes lol . 
  so has isis been a country then ? 
  is n't one of the big things about being a state is being recognized ... 
  why not , just curious ? 
  i immediately assumed you were from some european country . 
  that 's because nothing else is news worthy . 
  that , and the influx of tea party . 
  so the republican party basically had another group rise into power called the tea party which is basically anti government ( more complicated at this point ) . 
  they are pretty much the ones who you think of when you think of people going all out to stop obama . 
  also , what most people do n't realize is that the two main parties are basically coalitions themselves , made up of various groups . 
  honestly , the way it should be is the democrats and the republicans can all be further split into two or three more parties , but due to the voting system its easier to consolidate power . 
  anyways , my point is when a group like that rises into power , it causes the entire party to have to shift , hence why stopping obama became a bigger thing . 
  flair up !, 
  well seeing as how even europe is obsessed with it , guess you guys like vomit too . 
  i just read an article about how european bees are dying while the na are rebounding so ... yea .
