  could you tell me about the culture shock you experienced ? 
  i was born in the u.s ( my parents moved here from romania ) . 
  when i went to romania though , i did n't experience a `` culture shock '' . 
  i think he is talking about college rankings , in which the u.s dominates . 
  just look up the top universities in the world and you 'd see . 
  i agree with you , and honestly i would go even further . 
  these guys sound like total pricks . 
  i mean sure . 
  without proof , i guess we just have to rely on your preconceived bias right ? 
  hey i 'm transylvanian :( we think these people are crazy . 
  requires infrastructure . 
  no one is gon na get an electric car if there is n't a way to charge it at work . 
  places are starting to get charging station spots and such , but not quick enough or wide spread enough to make an impact . 
  easier to charge an ev on a road trip here than at work it seems , as i could find a charging station many places . 
  does n't help if it is n't at work , and i doubt someone is gon na add on time to their commute to charge their car . 
  yea i do n't blame you for not trusting ev range with that commute . 
  sometimes i think to myself what owning an ev would be like . 
  i do n't know if i want to drive without a manual transmission haha . 
  unfortunately that is n't an option for many people . 
  the part of the country that is this sprawled out or people would commute that far is also the part of the country that does n't have public transportation options . 
  100 miles there , 100 miles back . 
  more common than you would think . 
  they do n't have the range ... show me a cheap ev with a 200 mile range . 
  density has nothing to do with it . 
  america is sprawled out . 
  you live in the suburbs , it can take a half hour to an hour to get to your job . 
  going from one side of town to the other can take a half hour to an hour . 
  ok i agree , but i was simply talking about what op said . 
  baseball is neither fringe nor lacks professionals . 
  i already mentioned that ... why do you keep talking about it being in the olympics . 
  i verbatim said earlier that my point is baseball is n't fringe . 
  this links states that baseball worldwide is more popular than rugby . 
  http://m.bleacherreport.com/articles/169462-most-popular-team-sports-soccer-cricket-basketball-baseball# `` population strength : most popular sports in 5 countries with a population of 240 million , amongst top 3 popular sports in more than half a dozen nations with 450 million population , and has fan base in 10 other countries with a population of about a billion . 
  economics : baseball is the richest bat and ball game with mlb contributing an average annual income of close to $ 6 billion ( $ 6.5 billion in 2008 ) and the japanese league ( nbp ) with a valuation in excess of $ 1 billion . '', 
  you people are crazy lol . 
  i think baseball is a terrible sport . 
  i could care less about it . 
  yet i 'm not deluded enough to not understand the impact it has worldwide . 
  and mexico and large chunks of latin america . 
  oh and parts of south america too . 
  last i saw it was the top sport in venezuela . 
  so yea , baseball is more popular than you thought . 
  but i guess since it 's not a european sport it does n't matter right ? 
  op literally said fringe sports with no professionals . 
  baseball has a ton of professionals . 
  my point is baseball is n't fringe . 
  some of these i give you , but water polo , and especially baseball ?? 
  are you nuts ? 
  just because your country does n't play them does n't mean others do n't . 
  baseball is huge in america , japan , caribbean countries . 
  water polo is big in hungary . 
  edit : i just saw you say water polo on horseback . 
  sorry , i guess i just blanked on words . 
  but still , baseball . 
  what fringe sports ? 
  haha , that was my initial reaction as well . 
  hey i included myself in that :p it 's just fascinating seeing all these misconceptions and what people think various regions are like . 
  it just so happens i know some romanian history  now everything else , i 'm probably wrong about a lot of stuff haha . 
  believe me it 's true  i have visited !, 
  most of my family is from bistri\u021ba , and most are still there . 
  seems that is the case . 
  the history of romania and germans go back a long way . 
  lots of germans lived in romania before ww2 . 
  transylvania in particular has many german influences . 
  i mean it was part of the austro hungarian empire . 
  so far , all the claims regarding romania are just wrong . 
  makes me think how wrong everyone else is including myself . 
  also i never learned about russia as some eurasian country . 
  firmly in the european history parts . 
  so that guy does not speak for me when they said this is how it 's taught in america . 
  i 'm transylvanian , and my last name can translate to german man . 
  unfortunately for me , i do n't know too much about the other regions in romania . 
  parents moved to u.s right before i was born , so i only learned the transylvanian ways of speaking . 
  sometimes people from other regions speak too quickly for me :p, 
  sometimes i ca n't believe the things i read on here . 
  claims that america made intervention normal , libya somehow being a u.s led thing . 
  i admit europe was king of meddling in foreign affairs throughout history . 
  libya was also a french and british led and pushed operation . 
  it 's like you people do n't even know what your own governments do and instead blame the u.s. 
  hey i just wanted to see what they said . 
  you are making it sound so difficult . 
  just asked some of my waiter friends and they are like nbd . 
  were you a waiter ? 
  is this personal experience ? 
  i can see why it would be annoying , but so far my anecdotal evidence points to they do n't care haha . 
  it is n't !, 
  it was just amusing seeing the contradiction . 
  i dunno who to believe lol . 
  can i get in on this . 
  ca n't forget about good old stefan the great . 
  well , it is funny how you said it is a pain , but in the op he/she literally says that it is no big deal for them to split the check . 
  just something that made me laugh . 
  i have no further opinion . 
  damn man when you say declining world power it sounds like it 's a downhill trek . 
  i would absolutely disagree with you . 
  i see no evidence of that being the case . 
  there is nothing to find out , we already know what the president can or ca n't do . 
  congress creates the laws and makes changes to govt . 
  congress sets up the budget . 
  trump can just veto , and has foreign policy .
