  who are you to say how much i 'm integrated you jagoff . 
  you assume a lot . 
  some butthurt person downvoted this question lmao . 
  the amount of bullshit in this subreddit has been going up recently . 
  you know there are a lot of legal romanians in the u.s right ... 
  i honestly think you do n't . 
  maybe you need to get some perspective and go through things that are actually demeaning . 
  is romania not part of europe now ? 
  my employer needs to keep me on an insurance plan for at least 3 months . 
  there is medicaid for people who do n't have a high income . 
  i can buy obamacare myself now . 
  i got options . 
  someone else asked me what would happen if i lost my job and i answered . 
  somewhere around here . 
  why the hell are you guys so mad ? 
  is n't the u.s lifting visa restrictions a good thing ? 
  it 's not demeaning . 
  when i enter u.s i like the other guy said it was a notecard . 
  ten minutes is demeaning ? 
  what , have you been coddled your entire life ? 
  are you not allowed to go outside cause you might get hurt ? 
  jesus christ lol . 
  not terrible . 
  lots of people hiring right now for dev work . 
  the reason my salary is low is because entry level . 
  i can apply for unemployment . 
  i 'll keep my health insurance for months after , and i can currently apply for obamacare if needed . 
  if i get really bad money wise , i can go for medicaid , which is basically insurance for low income . 
  my state will also help you find a new job , and as part of unemployment pay for schooling if required . 
  so my dad for example lost his job , took a year on unemployment , gave up and used state benefits to get his commercial driver 's license . 
  got a job driving trucks within a week . 
  hey man , americans and canadians are bros for life . 
  i just wanted to say that and say i feel the same way on here . 
  it 's worse though because before the anti corruption advances , i 'd get shit on for romanian stuff too lmao . 
  i do n't know about way better . 
  i 'm low middle class right now . 
  i get insurance through my company as most people in middle class do . 
  my taxes are lower than anywhere in europe . 
  overall life is pretty good . 
  i want universal health insurance for everyone else though and will continue convincing people it 's a good idea . 
  if you only list the negatives you can make any place sound bad . 
  have experienced romania and usa . 
  i know what i 'm picking to live in . 
  i get it 's a process but demeaning ? 
  please u.s lift the restrictions . 
  i want to meet more romanians . 
  i mean there are already a lot here and many more in my city i still need to meet but more is better lol . 
  which is funny seeing as the european countries are in on it . 
  wrong state . 
  nebraska still a breadbasket !, 
  i hope this is a joke . 
  otherwise typical american  you have no idea how much i get told similar things though ... 
  people will say they are christian even if they really are n't though , and that is super common in the u.s. 
  so it 's hard to gauge . 
  i will say that personally i only hear about religion from a very specific group of people ... and it 's the group that we always hear about on reddit haha . 
  and nothing i said was wrong . 
  it 's dropping in the `` information age '' . 
  well , i do n't think the economy is the only thing people think of when saying it went backwards . 
  religion in the u.s has been dropping , what are you talking about ? 
  lol . 
  yep , he is . 
  there is still a small saxon minority in transilvania . 
  most of them left though at this point , with ww2 being the last major migration out . 
  it also does n't help that 's it 's in the middle of romania either . 
  i know that other micro states exist fully enclosed in a country , but i 'm not sure how well that would really work here . 
  yep this is exactly how i use it . 
  no one ever chided me so i guess it 's the proper way to do it haha . 
  haha , i do n't think it 's a bad thing , it just does n't seem accurate :p i ca n't say we have too much in common with what most people think of when they think balkans . 
  my family is from feldru , near bistri\u021ba so northern transilvania . 
  if i was still in romania i would n't consider myself balkan either . 
  how is romania balkan ? 
  are romania , turkey , and hungary considered balkan ? 
  i would n't think so . 
  this can not be possible . 
  i 'm not taking about it existing , that it is enough of of a threat or chance that it will happen . 
  what ? 
  where the hell are you reading your information !, 
  lol . 
  this might be one of the strangest things i 've ever read here . 
  not in romania . 
  america being nuts in a european subreddit is implying that europe is better , and it some ways it is and in some ways it is n't . 
  the insufferable attitude though is what gets me . 
  the snobbery . 
  does n't help that i get to see people on here shit on romanians and shit on american lol . 
  ( i 'm immigrant ) . 
  no winning here . 
  i was talking as a romanian at that point , 
  what about france and italy ? 
  that is n't entirely correct either . 
  all treaties need to be ratified by congress . 
  this includes military , trade , whatever . 
  the president has 48 hours to inform congress of armed conflict , after which troops must be withdrawn after 60 days . 
  congress passes the funding for a war , and a declaration of war , or an authorization for the president to conduct war is given by congress . 
  after being in both europe and america , you can fuck right off with this . 
  you guys think ~ ~ we are better than we actually are , and it just is n't true . ~ ~ europe is so much better than it actually is . 
  it is n't . 
  lots of problems in europe still . 
  maybe some of your countries are a ok , but others are not . 
  no substance i see . 
  europe is not gon na end , the world is not gon na end , russia is not gon na take over .
