  the president does n't have the power to make the country go down the drain . 
  did n't realize internet speak is american now . 
  you ever talk to people in real life face to face ? 
  how , the two things are n't the same . 
  one has way bigger implications ( the brexit ) . 
  so everyone is a racist and dimwit ? 
  because leave won by quite a bit . 
  it does n't matter anyways . 
  lets just shake hands . 
  you are just making up conjecture to suit whatever random thing you thought up . 
  votes are counted and reported as results come in ... i do n't understand how its a `` show '' . 
  you are implying that they are withholding information or vote counts . 
  show me one shred of evidence that happens . 
  all show ? 
  you too paranoid . 
  you have zero evidence . 
  just conjecture . 
  will sales really suffer ? 
  i honestly doubt it . 
  i doubt people will care if america is n't in a battlefield game about ww1 . 
  there was no america in 2142 . 
  congrats on missing the slang :p no idea how though . 
  i 've also said it myself a couple of times ... usually when alcohol is involved . 
  yes austria , we have had such a bumpy history in comparison . 
  i 'm tired of explaining this to fellow europeans lol . 
  fucking americans understand the difference . 
  never have been confused once here . 
  how is that possible lol . 
  this is but a temporary bump in our history . 
  i have one thing to say . 
  thank god for the uk . 
  stop pretending america is special in this regard, 
  what ? 
  lol this is one of the dumbest things i 've ever heard . 
  romania comes from latin and if a hand me down from the romans . 
  has nothing to do with roma people who came from india . 
  the cultures are n't the same . 
  do n't even share the same language . 
  what drugs are you taking ? 
  there is a difference between not thinking about and not liking . 
  why poles :(, 
  yes !, 
  that is exactly my point ( well at least the falklands part , i 'm staying out of gibraltar ) . 
  the falklands asked to be protected by essentially its protectorate . 
  falkland are so / u/tinyp , how is it silly for the u.k to protect a territory of british citizens , whom the crown is obligated to protect ? 
  why was the uk dumb to fight a war over the falklands ? 
  the falklands voted to be part of the u.k. 
  it is a country 's duty to defend its people . 
  where is the disconnect here . 
  you mean the roman empire ? 
  can someone explain to me why the u.s keeps kept brought up when the uk is literally right next to the european continent and is way into the spying business ? 
  or did we all forget . 
  yea , do n't you know america invented killing ? 
  realistic noises huh ? 
  somehow i doubt that . 
  just something that made me chuckle . 
  show me a source saying what you are saying and i 'll believe you . 
  ah you must be one of those college students who takes a course and thinks they are an expert . 
  show me a source that says what you say and i 'll believe you . 
  also for the record , i 've already read the republic . 
  do n't see how it 's relevant to our current discussion . 
  the fact that you bring it up just now makes me think you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  the republic was n't even about democracy . 
  how is plato 's view on how society should function relevant to a 1:1 state vote not being democratic ? 
  ah you are one of them . 
  are you a sovereign citizen ? 
  ok so you basically live in your own world because this is n't how the world works . 
  you realize the states existed first right ? 
  the federal government came later . 
  how is that less arbitrary . 
  no that is just something you are making up . 
  nothing in the definition says it has to be 1:1 . 
  i just looked it up , and i see nothing . 
  also your weight is the same as every other person in your state . 
  you are essentially voting to tell your state who to vote for . 
  what would be unfair in fact is if each state just counted as one vote regardless of size . 
  at least big states have more say . 
  i 'm now gon na assume you were born in the us , to a non immigrant household . 
  why ? 
  because you are as short sighted and opinionated as any other american . 
  it 's not undemocratic . 
  it 's a system of compromises as you mentioned because when the constitution was being written all the states need to come on board . 
  the states vote in a president , and they have different weights for their population size . 
  how is that undemocratic ? 
  it 's a state based voting system . 
  this is n't a true democracy , but it does n't mean it is undemocratic . 
  a republic in modern vernacular is considered a democracy . 
  popular vote will never happen , the states wo n't make that amendment , and i 'd argue that it should n't happen . 
  it 's a union of states , and to get the states to join up you had to compromise . 
  sometimes i feel like people do n't realize they live in a state . 
  completely undemocratic system ? 
  stop spreading fud and maybe read up on the system and why it was implemented and how it works . 
  how is this relevant . 
  there is also nothing wrong with a muslim wanting to hang out with other muslims . 
  just do n't assume to know anything about me , or how i feel . 
  yea , i have close connections to both countries . 
  yes i feel like a romanian living in america and i 'm ok with that . 
  everyone else in america is ok with that . 
  so what is your problem with integration . 
  yea you are .
