  your `` joke '' is laughable . 
  i do n't even like trump . 
  in fact you sound like an idiot . 
  you know what , this entire sub has gone full stupid . 
  i ca n't believe some of the stuff i 'm reading here and getting heavily upvoted . 
  it is n't that simple . 
  if the popular vote was a thing in the u.s , voting could have been completely different . 
  i do n't think you understand what the separation of church and state is . 
  u.s is a secular country . 
  just because a president or its people are christian does n't change that . 
  there is no state religion . 
  government does n't discriminate against religions . 
  all people of all religions have the same rights . 
  president is allowed to talk about whatever he wants . 
  if they are christian and have a christian support base , they will probably talk about christianity then ... romania is way more religious on a government level anyways . 
  look at your own continent first lol . 
  you sound like you want to stamp out any religious talk , and that is a big no no in america . 
  first amendment protects against that . 
  american demographics is 70 % white , with the largest ancestry being german . 
  where did you get the 60 % from ? 
  someone please explain to me why you guy are freaking out about the inauguration speech . 
  i keep seeing things about how its too nationalistic , cult like . 
  do you people not understand what america is ? 
  lol . 
  unlike our great continent here , american nationalism is n't really rooted in hating other people ( although we have made such great progress in the last few decades , its amazing ) . 
  it was always like this . 
  and i love it haha . 
  i love what the russians have done for space , but you are crazy for saying that :p, 
  sadly a lot of this is true ... for the internet . 
  :( no one ever sys these things in real life though that i have heard , so does n't bother me . 
  i took a look at the reliability ratings and you are speaking rubbish . 
  as if your opinion was created twenty years ago and never changed . 
  some of the best selling cars in europe are american like the ford focus and fiesta . 
  wow , i do n't even know what to say . 
  besides crazy . 
  decent job seems like an understatement :p i 'm jealous . 
  did you see how low the voter turnout was ? 
  it could have just been those people you are talking about that voted lol . 
  does n't count if someone is being stupid on purpose lol . 
  so you are using a source that says romanian is even closer to latin than french interesting . 
  however i would say that would n't be an accurate number if you were using it for slavic words because there are a lot of french loan words as well . 
  your feeling of romanian diaspora is how i feel and i 'm 2nd generation !, 
  probably got it from my parents . 
  although not so much nationalism ... more like a longing . 
  luckily when i go to romania everyone welcomes me with open arms and makes me feel like i 'm part of you guys so it 's all good in the end . 
  the `` hate '' literally comes from the large amounts of propaganda against him due to the fact that he took over europe . 
  i 'd say that is a good a compliment as any haha . 
  in pa where i lived , everything was also single stream . 
  made everything easier . 
  was easy to recycle . 
  i recycled everything possible . 
  so my family lives in the u.s right now . 
  my mother still too this day insists i take all these herbs . 
  i do n't see how this relates to what is seen as a virtual witch hunt to find the stupidest comments you can find about a specific group of people and then laugh about it , especially when if we are talking about a group sense , is just straight hypocritical . 
  how can you defend these shitty subreddits because `` america elected trump '' . 
  do you think british people are stupid too over brexit ? 
  ca n't say brexit serves any of my interests of a strong eu , because the eu is good for romania . 
  does n't mean i 'm gon na start a shitbritishsays . 
  just a poor attitude to have . 
  it 's beyond joke to just seeking out something to hate . 
  not gon na lie , makes me feel good that the country wants to meet the 2 % nato recommendation . 
  feels like we are keeping our part of the bargain . 
  yes i rolled my eyes at that post and let out a sigh . 
  i just do n't like the attitude of making fun of a large group of people ( by compiling all info in one area , like a shit says subreddit ) , even if it 's real dumb , because it 's just such an out of the way and asshole thing to do . 
  like you are going out of your way being an asshole in those subreddits . 
  it just makes no sense to me . 
  which i find equally annoying :p it 's just weird having a dedicated location to being assholes . 
  everyone posts stupid shit . 
  you know how much stupid shit i 've heard from other europeans about romania ? 
  still , not gon na act all superior . 
  no reason we need to be assholes . 
  those subreddits are just a giant look how superior i am circle jerk and i hate that kind of attitude . 
  oh piss off . 
  what an annoying subreddit . 
  i hate this whole attitude . 
  europeans say just as dumb of shit . 
  why do these shit ___ says subreddits exist . 
  that would be an interesting fact , but i looked it up because i was skeptical . 
  it seems like there are a few other conflicts with a higher toll . 
  it is n't the average american posting that . 
  yes i call bullshit in this . 
  anectodal evidence at most . 
  i 've never met a frenchmen who actively disliked america , not even on reddit . 
  in fact this thread is proof that until i scrolled down here all the other french comments were friendly . 
  so who 's anectodal evidence matters more eh ? 
  and then all the 9/11 support and thoughts feelings type that the french send to america every year . 
  definitely sounds like a large dislike . 
  i think they mean like r/politics and stuff like that . 
  population growth is n't only from making babies . 
  immigration as well . 
  the united states right now is 25 % immigrant ( and their children ) . 
  that is a lot of immigrants that need to come over to do that . 
  to achieve that same percentage in other countries , they need a lot less . 
  not only that , but only half the population on average can even give birth . 
  so each person would need to make two babies . 
  and then not everyone has kids . 
  some might have just one kid , and others more than two . 
  but then you have kids part of the population , and all of a sudden , as a percentage of the population the number of people who can give birth is even less . 
  uh yea really ... if i have one apple and you gave me 1 apple , it doubled my apples . 
  all it took was 1 apple .
