  costs millions , which only law firms will profit from . 
  also , it 's ridiculous that companies can sue countries just because of tighter regulations . 
  wtf really !, 
   we will have all the time in the world to judge what has been negotiated . 
  i do n't think this will be the case . 
  politicians will say that after that long time of negotiations the deal has to be accepted or we will lose the usa as partner . 
  same with nsa spying here . 
  shut up , this was an interesting read for an european . 
  best one will forever be `` germoney yuo can not the box ! '', 
  bavarian and austrian are in fact both parts of bairisch language family . 
  i am alpharius . 
  boarisch best german . 
  you are a fucking moron . 
  still no polan can not into space joke ? 
  wait , not measured in freedom units ? 
  yes , bwak\u00fcfi at its best . 
  hue hue hue, 
  nope , now it 's like `` munich likes you '' . 
  6.200 points . 
  what . 
  not available in ger . 
  do n't know the 1st and 3rd one . 
  i ca n't even see why we need it . 
  our economies are thriving even without that shit . 
  they are free to download now . 
  and w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk, 
  the 3-part-documentary about cities of the future was outstanding . 
  sadly i cant find it anymore in the mediathek, 
  i cant believe that scooter is still huge here, 
  my tumor got cancer from reading that, 
  mind blown, 
  til lidl is in more countries than germany . 
  i see what you did there, 
  til, 
  i chuckled , good one, 
  we have drivers at work . 
  one time a guy drove from ingolstadt to garching in 15 minutes . 
  wtf , i could n't look outside the window ... 
  problem is that they are partially funded by tax payers money . 
  this is completely offtopic, 
  you have no clue what you 're talking about , shut up . 
  it is ok for us what we 're doing in our own country . 
  in a nutshell , yes , 
  well , sorta . 
  until 2000 they were awesome , the last 2 3 albums pure crap imo :(, 
  beer and lederhosen, 
  swedish ( melodic ) death metal !, 
  beer !, 
  fritzl / s seriously : good classical music , kaiserschmarrn , wiener schnitzel and sachertorte < 3, 
  plus them drugs, 
  and i the sausage part . 
  steel you mean i guess, 
  the weather last weekend in munich was truly awesome . 
  one could sit outside in a biergarten and enjoy a couple of drinks  but it 's getting cold here today ... 
  it is, 
  an european border police ? 
  romanian you say ? 
  never heard of their food ... care to share some examples ? 
  [ spliff ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upwgezin-r4 ), 
  maybe check out these reddits : / r/germany / r/munich / r/berlin, 
  at least a possibility to challenge chinese domination , 
  yep , but still crappy , munich people do n't go there . 
  i was there last weekend , visiting my gf . 
  really nice city ( though i like l'viv more i admit ) and the very friendly people . 
  but it would be easier for tourists if there would be more signs/ads/menus etc. 
  in latin language . 
  slowly by slowly i am able to decipher kyrillic but it takes a while for one who grew up in the west . 
  i will be there again after championships early august . 
  omg lol !, 
  thanks for posting this subreddit , 
  moscow looks like a fucking tumor !, 
  also poland , holy crap !, 
  gf will like that ^ ^, 
  as i read , she wo n't be able to be politically active anymore . 
  germany pros : * very good social and health care system * strong and diverse economy * good education , cheap universities * beautiful cities * stable weather * nice public transportation system * the ecological attitude * beer !, 
  cons : * people often too direct * bad integration of foreigners ( especially turks ) * too much streets and traffic jams * the education system is a bit unequal and disadvantages poorer people * some people are still racist , but it 's getting better, 
  since that acta story i 'm even more concerned how they are legitimated ... 
  in germany it seems like nearly 80 to 90 percent disapprove of the negotiations with the usa , but yet the commission seems to not care at all . 
  most of the political parties disapprove here . 
  do you think the elections for the european parliament will change anything ? 
  man , that is one of the greatest sites lol, 
  wow , burned !, 
  nope ... 
  if you do n't like the hordes of tourists in rothenburg , then go to dinkelsb\u00fchl . 
  it has the same medieval vibe and as bonus the second biggest heavy metal festival in germany mid-august ( summer breeze ), 
  [ relevant zoo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shbovz2juda ), 
  you learned brudi already , so there 's that, 
  amen brother . 
  you do n't own a woman . 
  it was just your turn . 
  focus on yourself for the time being , workout and make yourself better . 
  read up on the red pill just for information , it 's a lot of bullshit in there but some parts should n't be neglected either . 
  it helped me a lot as i was going through a similar phase as you do now . 
  omg thank you !, 
  i watched it all the time and could n't remember the name . 
  of to watching now ... 
  you 're right , did n't even think on that !, 
  munich = los angeles ? 
  they hide in metal bawkses , the cowards !, 
  in 10 minuten !,
