yes . 
  being affraid of their nukes only makes them go further and further until they come to your home . 
  those troops will use existing bases that are now staffed with 30 % of their capacity . 
  so it only means relocation of troops and equipment ( still expensive , sure ) . 
  * in front of, 
  seconded . 
  there 's no better source of bushcraft knowledge than ray mears . 
  yeah , since the soviet union collapsed they have developed plenty of successful military products . 
  / s last week they said that they have 3 ebola vaccines in human trials , remember ? 
  have a cold glass of water please . 
  no one forces anyone to work . 
  and more demand for workers means higher wages . 
  no but the closer you get to capitalismt the more progress you get , the closer to communism , you first get stagnation and then recession . 
  i like eceonomic growth and freedom . 
  you may like being told what to spend your money on . 
  to each their own . 
  let me know which book i should read to get your point of view and you read my book . 
  wan na make that deal ? 
  he just took too much of the pis pills , chill out . 
   and for the record , we torture only terrorists and only in cooperation with uncle sam . 
  by the way - can we get our flag ? 
  it 's like ukrainian flag only upside down : http://szl.wikipedia.org/wiki/fana_g%c5%afrnygo_%c5%9al%c5%afnska, 
  no , i ( we ) just lived what you are describing . 
  it does n't work . 
  it never works , not even once in history . 
  sure , capitalism is n't perfect but no one ever came up with anything better ( that works ) . 
  yeah , what you 're suggesting is basically socialism/communism . 
  we 've tried that for 50 years and no thanks . 
  since we got rid of it 25 years ago we 've got the highest economic growth in all of our history happening right now . 
  i suggest you read free to choose by friedman . 
  if public owns `` stuff that generates income '' then this stuff gets stolen or broken as it 's `` no ones '' . 
  witnessed it many times over by living in communist and post-communist country , ca n't wrap my head around people still supporting this economic nonsense ( socialism/communism ) . 
  is this true or are you making a joke ? 
  have some sleep and stay positive !, 
  they 'll have a great time in rome , i 'm sure !, 
  goodnight , 
  chill out , it 's probably the safest route one can take . 
  plus , the amount of plane crashes is officially exhausted for like 10 years ... plus , italian and german pilots are awesome . 
  they 'll be fine , i 'm sure !, 
  the national budget got that money , not politicians . 
  where are the going ? 
  maybe there 's no reason to be alarmed ? 
  i 'm sure everything is going to be alright , mate , 
  or , you know , everyone can be racist . 
  you 're being downvored becasue you come across as someone who supports this slavery . 
  overcrowded cities or not , it 's not for you to decide for others . 
  incentives are good , slavery is bad . 
  well , question it as much as you want but other people are allowed to do as they please . 
  not as you please . 
  more of what you had the day before . 
  lots of hate on poland in the article . 
  furthermore , it just says `` it 's wrong '' repeatedly and does n't offer any alternative . 
  and it makes poland look like we 're a bunch of unsuccessful , always wrong and incompetent people . 
  that 's just not true . 
  we had an awesome transformation from communism to capitalism and saying that what we did wo n't work in eastern europe without backing it up with facts/analysis is shitty jounalism imo . 
  i honestly do n't get what the point of this article is other than hating . 
  op , what do you make of it ? 
  lots of people here so per capita it 's not as impressive . 
  it ' better to have more money than less . 
  i 'm sure this deal was consulted with other eu members . 
  plus , 100 million euro is n't really a super huge amount of money for a country our size . 
  soon in the news : moldova buys polish `` rosomak '' apcs and msbs rifles worth 100 million :d, 
  eu funds are n't given to the goverment to do as they please . 
  they are targeted at certain groups of people / local goverments and are thoroughly monitored . 
  you 're basically saying that every single net-recipent should do as the net-contributors say . 
  that is wrong on many reasons . 
  one day we 'll be net contributor too . 
  keep them coming !, 
  you are the most welcome here , 
  ca n't you make some changes to the constitution once in 50 years ? 
  why ? 
  thanks for that . 
  ok , noted . 
  thanks for clarification . 
  i simplified too much . 
  again , even if you think that `` those whites deserve it '' , it 's still racism . 
  call it what you want but it 's still racism . 
  we do . 
  we spend more of our gdp on military than any other country in europe . 
  and we spend these money wisely . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  no-one here wants to go to war . 
  we just want our allies to show rediness to help had the shtf . 
  edit : my bad , folks . 
  gdp bit is not true !, 
  we 're high on the list but not on top . 
  second paragraph still stands . 
  do they really take a dump this way ? 
  serious question . 
  how strong is the portugese army ? 
  and what is your opinion , would your army join us ( poland ) or baltic states had russia started a war with us ? 
  if you do n't want to support your own army , you 'll be supporting russian army . 
  until it collapses . 
  workers unions prevented shipyards from firing some of the staff or lowering wages so the shipyards bankrupted . 
  of course everything was blamed on the goverment rather than said unions . 
  however , this attitude changes now . 
  my generation ( i 'm born in 84 ) is much more reasonable and , let 's say , capitalistic . 
  we were n't raised in a communist country so we do n't expect the state to give us food , shelter etc. 
  grow up . 
  no one needs your bitching .
