   here is how the times arrived at its headline :  the number of people in work increased by 454,000 between july and september last year and the same period this year . 
  workers born overseas made up nearly 95 per cent of the increase -- just over 430,000 . 
  this is a sleight of hand . 
  it sounds legit but it is n't . 
   every quarter , when employment figures come out , such headlines are common across the british right-wing press . 
  the sun did the same in may ( to make the case for brexit ) . 
  the daily mail , express , telegraph and the spectator are all also guilty of such misleading headlines . 
   why is it misleading ? 
   newspapers usually divide the rise in foreign-born workers by the rise in employment ( in a given period ) and come to this figure . 
  but it is wrong . 
   for a start , official employment figures do not show how many new jobs went to foreign-born workers or to brits . 
  no such figures exist . 
   secondly , a large proportion of the ` foreign-born workers ' are actually british citizens . 
  they were just born abroad !, 
  that brings the number down usually to about 50 -- 60 % , not 90 % . 
   in other words , if boris johnson gets a new job , he is counted as a ` foreign-born worker taking a british job ' by the press as he was born in the u.s. . it 's absurd !, 
  especially as boris johnson does n't do that much work . 
   thirdly , the ` new jobs ' number issued by the ons is a net figure . 
  it subtracts jobs lost in the economy against new ones created . 
  in fact most of it is churn , and most of the new jobs are taken up by british workers . 
  but because the economy is also growing at the same time , foreign-born workers are also able to get jobs in the uk . 
   this genre of ` foreigners are taking all our jobs ` -- is so misleading that press regulator ipso has ruled against it almost every time . 
  most recently , the sun had to change its copy after claiming that ` 4 in 5 jobs go to foreign workers ' . 
   the press regulator has issued similar warnings to other newspapers too . 
   but every quarter there 's always a newspaper that can not pass up the opportunity to mislead its readers with this headline . 
  people were very interested in the economic pros and cons of brexit , which is why brexit was losing in the polls after pretty much every authoritative institution in the world of finance and economics predicted that it would be economically costly . 
  so the leave campaign made it about immigration instead , and ` taking back control ' . 
  remember farage and his breaking point poster ? 
  but europe really is n't an increasingly scary place if you 're britain and not part of schengen , and you have the sea and france preventing people from entering your country at their end of the channel tunnel . 
  in any case , many people voted leave because of immigration , others because of some delusional idea that britain would become embued with an open , buccaneering spirit , striking deals with everyone and keeping open borders , and a few lexiters even thought they were striking a blow against the neoliberal eu . 
  and of course , lots of people did n't vote . 
  but what the british government is doing is claiming the vote of all these people , based on all these different motivations , for yourself as if they were a singular expression of the popular will ( the remainer vote does n't exist ) , and using that to shut down dissent and stifle criticism , because in brexit britain , criticism and dissent is tantamount to treason . 
  no , but i will cheerfully cop to being the sort of paternalistic asshole who thinks people should not be conned into making choices that are bad for them based on racist shit like threatening that refugee swarms will be coming to britain , or lies like that brexit will free up 350m per week for the nhs . 
  and it offends me when the outcome of a single , advisory , referendum is used to muzzle all debate on what the identity of britain really should be , or is used to shut down the democratic control and oversight of the government by your allegedly sovereign parliament . 
  not being a brit , i do n't even know why i care about this ( other than having nearly completed a master 's degree in european union studies ) , but i think brits deserve better than that . 
  the choices your government makes are going to have far-reaching consequences , politically , legally , socially , and economically . 
  most likely a number of people are going to suffer , because your government will likely find itself cutting services to compensate for reduced tax revenue . 
  people are going to lose their jobs or not find any because of a reduction in investment . 
  poorer regions may not find it quite so easy to get funds from london as they do from brussels . 
  if people had been told that brexit would instead cost 350m per week extra so let 's make cuts in the nhs , would they still have voted leave ? 
  this sort of stuff needs to be debated , the public needs to be informed about this , and that should really happen by people who know what they 're talking about and not by the merry band of political opportunists , careerists , jingoists , and serial liars that is the brexit squad . 
   have fun without us !, 
  that should be no problem with the amount of * schadenfreude * this has the potential to involve . 
  do n't worry , everybody who studies this stuff for a living already knows your position - to the extent that it exists - is disastrous . 
  remember all the arguments remainers made before the referendum about how unbelievably costly and time-consuming brexit would be ? 
  how your government would be bogged down for years in negotiations ? 
  how properly transposing european law to domestic law could take a decade ? 
  how the british government was in no way equipped to handle this , lacking all expertise in trade negotiations and having cut staffing by 20 % since 2010 ? 
  all of these things have been predicted by experts and are now turning out to be true . 
  if anything , the leakers are doing you a favour in showing you how unprepared your government is , so the british public can debate this , put pressure on the government to improve its work , or to say , perhaps , that it 's not too late to turn back before your government causes a disaster . 
  [ per the nos report ] ( http://nos.nl/nieuwsuur/artikel/2033268-nederland-geeft-miljoenen-aan-clinton-foundation.html ) , the netherlands collaborates with the clinton foundation in agricultural projects in various developing countries promoting food security and climate-friendly agriculture . 
  the dutch ministry of economic affairs also covers agriculture , which is why the money came from them . 
  nothing nefarious going on here . 
  it certainly is . 
  it 's not clear that the uk could use this as a bargaining chip though . 
  from the background provided [ here ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/uk-leaving-eu-trade/ ) :  `` as a wto member and signatory of the eu 's free trade agreements ( ftas ) in its own right , the uk will continue to be bound by these obligations and should expect other countries to reciprocate . 
   `` the uk , like all other eu member states , is a member in its own right of the wto . 
  though currently its tariffs and services obligations are incorporated in the schedules for the eu , they would still stand as an obligation on the uk if the country exited the eu . 
  similarly , the uk signs and ratifies eu trade agreements in its own right , even though all negotiation is done by the commission . ''  if the uk does not provide the same level of market access to third countries as under the current eu arrangements , the eu may have to pay compensation to the affected countries with which it has a trade agreement , as a result of the ` shrinking ' of the market from what was originally agreed . 
  the eu raised this concern in 1983 in the run-up to greenland 's exit from the eu . 
   any agreement might require the uk to keep its trade negotiations with countries outside the eu consistent . 
  this might limit how much independence we will have over trade policy even after we leave the eu . 
  in terms of votes , yes . 
  however , the ` mainstream ' pro-independence parties , united in the junts pel s\u00ec coalition , are allied with the cup in their goal to achieve independence , and rely on the cup 's seats for their majority in the catalan parlament ( jps has 62 seats out of 135 , the cup 10 ) . 
  as an example of the cup 's influence , junts pel si 's leader artur mas was forced to step aside as a condition for their support . 
  mas was implicated in the `` 3 % scandal '' , where businesses had to pay a 3 % ` commission ' under the table to his party in order to secure public sector contracts . 
  no , that would be the top of the vaalserberg , the hill where the dutch , belgian , and german borders intersect , at 321m height . 
  the highest point in the kingdom of the netherlands is mount scenery , 877m , on the netherlands antilles of saba though . 
  the euromast is 185 meters high . 
  people who make policy know that some fraction of older neets consists of housewives and stay-at-home husbands ; they can adjust their policies accordingly depending on their political preferences . 
  for instance , they could exempt unemployed parents with children from requirements to apply for jobs or participate in training . 
  the goal of employment policy is ( ideally ) not to make a specific statistic show a lower number , but to address a problem in the labour market . 
  the statistic is only there as a tool to make them better informed and should be put in context along with other indicators . 
  yes , a housewife would qualify as a neet . 
  for better or worse , unpaid housework is not counted as 'em ployment ' . 
  there is a well-established empirical relationship in economics between economic growth and unemployment ( okun 's law ) , which has been found in the uk as well . 
  roughly speaking , lower growth leads to higher unemployment . 
  the uk is fortunate enough that unemployment is currently at a very low level , so that just means that unemployment will be higher than it is right now , not that it will necessarily reach depression levels ( however , the extreme flexibility of the british labour market and the total absence of real wage growth means that the current unemployment level probably overstates how well that labour market is actually performing ) . 
  if people leave , that wo n't necessarily mean that there will be vacancies ; for instance , all the banks moving personnel abroad wo n't need people replaced , they will just do the things abroad that they used to do inside the uk and not hire any new people . 
  and that 's the same for some of the other industries which need a presence inside the eu for regulatory purposes . 
  however , added to that is the fact that most of the eu immigrants in the uk are working , they are receiving wages and spending that in the uk , and the fact of them leaving means that ( other things being equal ) the aggregate demand for goods and services in the uk will fall , and that as such companies also need fewer workers to supply that demand . 
  finally , even if there do end up being more vacancies , there 's no guarantee they can be filled . 
  the nhs is desperately short of nurses ; if nurses from other eu countries leave , there will be vacancies but that wo n't magically make british nurses appear who could fill those vacancies . 
  same for many other sectors needing skilled workers . 
  and of course you 're unlikely to find many brits willing to work picking strawberries . 
  so , unless you get those workers from elsewhere , some businesses will simply just disappear . 
  i do n't disagree with you on how the human mind works ; however , the lower growth does imply higher unemployment , which does get noticed . 
  i also think that people would not notice their real wages remaining stagnant for a single year , but real wages have now remained stagnant basically since the outbreak of the financial crisis , while the labour market has only become more flexible . 
  however , i think i agree with you that in the short term , the consequences likely wo n't be bad enough for people to turn against brexit in high numbers . 
  i do n't think so ; british euroscepticism , particularly in the conservative party , goes a long time back . 
  boris johnson made a name for himself writing all sorts of nonsense about how bad the eu was in the 1990s , and other brexiteers like hannan and farage have also been anti-eu since basically forever . 
  for the longest time , brexit was an elite project . 
  i do think though that popular support for brexit was in large part a result of disastrous economic policies ; your average brit has not had a pay rise in real terms in the last 10 years , austerity has killed public services , and the gains from eu membership have mostly gone to the highly-educated and the wealthy . 
  and in the meantime , immigrants just kept coming . 
  people had a right to be pissed off and the brexit referendum gave them a good tool to express their displeasure . 
  this is the absolute wurst . 
  people are in fact going to notice the hypothetically lower gdp growth , since lower growth also means less job creation and consequently , higher unemployment . 
  also , britain 's poor record on productivity growth also implies low wage growth , so people are going to find their real wages remaining stagnant or falling . 
  and what i am saying is that the eu simply can not , is not able to , lacks the legal power to , and does not have the capacity to ` throw out immigrants ' . 
  there is nothing permitting it to do so in its treaties or in its budget , so yelling at it for being ` unwilling ' is perfectly useless .
