  we do n't expect any better from the russian government , but the brits are supposed to have some standards . 
  financial services are 39 % of exports , not gdp . 
  the share in gdp of financial services is somewhere between 8-10 % . 
  `` the state '' is not involved in the euthanasia procedure . 
  it 's a matter between the person requesting euthanasia and their gp , and further requires the involvement of a specialised doctor . 
  there are all sorts of rules the doctor has to follow to ensure that the procedure is as careful as possible , and every case of euthanasia is checked to make sure all the requirements were met . 
  in that case it 's not inevitable that incomes get hurt long term . 
  businesses can try to redirect their exports to new markets , member states can try to attract the qualified and educated people who previously went to britain . 
  if all else fails the people who see their incomes fall can be compensated by the welfare system , or the government could decide to spend more to stimulate the economy to make up for the temporary shortfall . 
  we will probably survive . 
  i do n't know , but if you think that this would be an effective line of argument for britain to take during the negotiations , you 're sorely mistaken . 
  people will either be unaware of the tradeoffs , or the government could compensate them for their losses , or the government could portray it as blackmail to which we will not succumb . 
  besides , the uk may be an important trading partner for us but germany is far more important , and germany so far is standing firm on the importance of free movement . 
  i do n't want to see the uk get hurt , we will have to live with them for quite a bit longer , plus they have been great allies for us in the past , and can stay that way in the future . 
  [ as i said here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5fin0n/britains_trump_card_brexit_negotiations_just_got/dal3jkd/ ) the uk will get hurt from leaving , regardless of whether the eu tries to punish it . 
  however , no one gets to rewrite the rules of the single market or the eu as a whole by threatening to leave , and i want my government to stay firm on that . 
  no , simply because the uk exports comparatively more to the rest of the eu than almost any other member state . 
  and because most of that is services , which is diffcult to protect through regular free trade agreements . 
  also , because the uk receives a large net contribution from immigration from the rest of the eu , which is likely going to be reduced . 
  the uk will get hurt quite apart from any deliberate attempt from the eu to punish it . 
  and the balance of probability is that the uk will be hurt more than the rest of the eu . 
  [ i think they 're afraid of something like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8yjnbckkny ) . 
  oh i know , but even if it were n't , setting aside the law because it got in the way of your political goals would still be disastrous . 
  laws should not be created or abolished through referenda , particularly advisory ones . 
   conservative mp and brexiteer dominic raab said : `` rather than coming up with new legal wheezes to try and frustrate the will of the people , these lawyers should be working with us to make a success of brexit . 
  `` the public have spoken ; we should respect the result and get on with it , not try to find new hurdles that undermine the democratic process . '', 
  looks like somebody needs a crash course in the meaning of the rule of law . 
  any exit deal will have to be approved by a qualified majority of member states on the eu side . 
  for a deal of this importance , the eu normally chooses to pursue consensus between all member states . 
  and the post-brexit deal which covers trade and other relations is in all likelihood going to have to be approved unanimously . 
  sowing division between eu member states then is horribly counterproductive , because it reduces your chance of a deal instead of increasing your chance to get a good deal . 
  so is the british government actually going to provide the # 450m investment in midlands infrastructure , the land for development , and the `` right legislative framework '' that , according to this story , jaguar is demanding as a condition for these jobs to be created ? 
  the structural - and cohesion funds are actually meant to stimulate regional economic development so that people wo n't want to leave . 
  as the eu : ( 1 ) go ahead , make our day . 
  we have n't hashed out our common position yet , and we 're going to drag out that process through the dutch , german and french elections next year . 
  in the meantime , the clock will be running . 
  ( 2 ) [ good luck with that ] ( https://www.businessinsider.nl/uk-government-overwhelmed-great-repeal-bill-theresa-may-brexit-plan-article-50-2016-11/?international=true&amp;r=uk ) . 
  ( 3 ) you will have to follow eu law while your membership continues . 
  we 'll sue you if we have to . 
  ( 4 ) all citizens abroad , uk and eu , get permanent residence rights . 
  ( 5 ) no problems there i think . 
  ( 6 ) you mean wto rules are going to apply ? 
  [ are you really sure about that ? 
  ] ( https://infacts.org/falling-back-global-trade-rules-poor-option-uk-world-trade-organisation-services/ ) ( 7 ) [ the eu is n't financed with debt ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/explained/budg_system/financing/fin_en.cfm ) . 
  the eu has a financial framework which looks ahead 7 years , you 'll have to continue paying while the current period lasts . 
  also you 'll have to contribute to the pensions of retired eu staff . 
  ( 8 ) no passporting for your financial sector , and we 'll be no help with your other service exports either . 
  instead we 'll fight amongst ourselves about who gets to succeed london as a financial center . 
   i would rather just procrastinate until it is safe to drop brexit that would be my position too , except  join the euro why would you want to do that ? 
  it does n't make sense economically and no-one is asking you to politically . 
  it 's sort of like the half million people living in wyoming having the same senate representation as the 35 million or so californians - insane , right ? 
  there are 650 mps in the house of commons . 
  60 of them demanding a hard brexit is not evidence that that is becoming an ` increasingly popular choice ' , particularly since these mps most likely were the ones who wanted a hard brexit all along . 
   and it 's becoming a popular choice . 
  what 's your evidence for that ? 
   considering there 's the possibility of the uk severing ties completely i do n't believe that the uk government 's gone that insane yet . 
  no-one expects the uk to show their hand in how much they 're willing to pay . 
  what people want the uk to do is reveal what they are bidding for in the first place . 
  the current situation is like someone coming to a realtor and saying they want to start negotiations about buying a house , without telling the realtor which house they want to make an offer for . 
   regarding the prossecco incident , boris is just doing what boris does best and is winding people up i 'm not sure that is a quality you should look for in a foreign secretary . 
   pretty sure that the government stated in front of the high court that according to their opinion a50 was irreversible . 
  which means that this point is no longer in contention between the parties , so it wo n't go to the cjeu . 
  you 're correct that this issue was n't a point of contention in the high court case , which is why the case was n't referrred to the ecj then . 
  [ there has however been reporting that the government may abandon this notion ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/11/brexit-could-be-reversed-government-lawyers-may-argue ) in the supreme court case . 
  more importantly , if the revocability of article 50 is at all in question , then the british supreme court does not have the right to simply assume that it is n't , because that question is not up to the parties in the british case in the british courts . 
  it 's a matter that has to be settled by the cjeu . 
  the british high court did not have to make a reference for a preliminary ruling about this , because an appeal was possible against its ruling . 
  the supreme court though must , per article 267 tfeu , refer to the cjeu . 
  it 's even the case that the uk , per standing cjeu jurisprudence , [ could be held liable in damages if its supreme court gets eu law wrong without asking the cjeu questions about it ] ( http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.nl/2016/11/brexit-can-ecj-get-involved.html ) . 
  the idea is basically this : the british government is claiming it has the authority to notify the eu of its intention to leave under article 50 . 
  this is , in their view , because they have the ( royal ) prerogative to negotiate treaties and thus also to decide to leave them . 
  the high court however has ruled that leaving the eu means giving up on the rights protected by the eu treaties ( right to appeal to the ecj , rights to free movement , all the rights specified in the charter of fundamental rights which may not be covered under english law , etc. ) . 
  government can not unilaterally take away british citizens ' rights under the law , only parliament can do so . 
  thus for now only the british parliament has the right to invoke article 50 , per the high court 's ruling . 
  it is however possible that the british supreme court will overturn this ruling . 
  where article 50 comes in then is that if it is reversible ( i.e. 
  britain gives notification , and then decides it does n't want to leave after all and is permitted to withdraw its notification ) , invoking it does not mean automatically cancelling british citizens ' rights . 
  instead that only comes in at the end of the process if/when the british government has agreed a deal , which parliament must then approve . 
  but then parliament does not have to give the initial notification . 
  if however a50 notification is irreversible , then the losing of rights is an automatic consequence of that and parliament must give the notification . 
  in practical terms this means the british parliament will have a great deal more oversight over the process than when it is all kept inside the government . 
  now it is possible that the british supreme court finds a way to rule on this without taking this all into account and simply disagrees about what the government 's right to agree treaties involves . 
  but if the meaning of article 50 does come up , then the ecj must get involved to settle the question of reversibility . 
  that 's not even optional , the ecj simply has the sole authority to interpret eu law and the british supreme court would be required to ask it for its interpretation . 
  ( ianal either , though i did take a few european law courses , and follow the plaintiff 's lawyer on twitter . 
  there may be mistakes in this post though . 
  i have the vague suspicion that this did n't clear it up at all , in which case my apologies . ), 
  the way the ecj gets involved is when the question on whether a50 notification is reversible or not is relevant to the outcome in the supreme court case . 
  clearing that up is a matter of union law , and thus a case for the ecj . 
  the ultimate arbiter of who gets to invoke a50 ( not whether it gets invoked , that 's a political decision ) is the british supreme court . 
  the ecj is only there to ensure european law is observed in the matter . 
  a quick check suggest 45 % is the top marginal rate on inheritances in france , about half of this inheritance is going to be taxed at lower rates . 
  in other words , the man is going to end up inheriting well in excess of $ 2m ( in addition to the value of the house ) . 
  some downer that is . 
  in addition to what everyone else said , every other crisis required most or all of the 28 member states to work together and to find a common solution to politically explosive issues . 
  brexit 's all on the uk . 
  just so you know , i read it and thought it was a good post  . 
  [ the claim that 95 % of new workers in the uk are foreigners is seriously misleading ] ( https://politicalscrapbook.net/2016/11/here-is-why-newspaper-claims-that-most-new-jobs-are-going-to-foreigners-are-often-wrong/ ) . 
   the times leads with the headline today : ` 95 % of new workers are foreigners ' -- but the newspaper is misleading its readers . 
  and this is common among newspapers when they make such claims .
