  i also do n't blame anyone for wanting to leave bosnia , but doctors and nurses leaving certainly makes the lives of those who remain there more miserable . 
  this is totally naive . 
  there is no free market in health care workers . 
  bosnia is not an eu country and bosnian workers would not normally be able to easily migrate to germany . 
  germany and the bosnian government specifically had to sign an agreement create the conditions in which bosnian medics and nurses could move to germany to fill a need in germany . 
  borders are real things and countries are real economic units . 
  your claim that `` the free market ensures that the right employee will end up in the right job , being paid the right salary that reflects the real value of the work they do '' is theoretically useful but really not valid in any observable reality . 
  nurses and medics earn more in germany than in bosnia for the same work in taking care of people and saving their lives . 
  are german lives then more valuable than bosnian ones ? 
   well to be fair if the echr does nothing about all the shit russia and turkey pull off but at the same time is on uk 's back for deporting terrorists to countries that will not give them a fair trial , that does make them seem like a pretty useless and biased orginasation this is not a fact-based complaint . 
  [ the echr rules against russia all the time . ] ( http://europe.newsweek.com/russia-tops-list-echr-violations-2015-420993?rm=eu ) . 
  if russia often ignores those rulings , that 's a problem with russia , not with the echr . 
  you 're in r/europe , the whole point of this sub is to talk about and - sometimes - criticize or laugh at things going on in other countries on the continent than our own . 
  you 'll just have to learn to deal with it . 
  besides , wanting the uk to stay in the echr is not an anti-brit stance - it 's a pro-brit stance . 
  many people here want the best for you and think it would be a terrible idea for you to leave the convention . 
  the uk and the eu will need to sign an agreement after brexit on how they will trade with each other . 
  agreements that only cover trade fall under the eu 's exclusive competence , which has as a consequence that they only need to be approved by the commission , european parliament , and the council of ministers ( on which sit the relevant ministers/secretaries of the member states ) . 
  this is a comparatively painless way to handle these agreements . 
  foreign agreements that cover more than just trade though can still be negotiated by the eu , but also need to be approved in all the member states by their parliaments , according to their own constitutional rules . 
  in some countries , that also means regional parliaments get a say . 
  currently , the number of national and regional parliaments that must approve stands at 38 . 
  since every single parliament involved must approve , * every * parliament must make time to examine the agreement and discuss it , it can become a political football * everywhere * , and * every * parliament has a veto . 
  this means ratification of any agreement can take years ( 2 or 3 most likely ) . 
  the opinion issued wednesday ( it 's not a final ruling yet ) sharply limited what issues fall could under eu competence . 
  according to the opinion , dispute settlement , labor and environmental standards and trade in air transport services fall under national competence , so any agreement covering those must be approved in the member states . 
  this makes it more likely that any post-brexit deal will have to be approved by all the member state parliaments too , since it 's bound to cover some or all of these issues . 
  ( frankly i thought that it already was commonly expected that a post-brexit agreement would have to be approved by the member state parliaments , so this is not really news , but there you go ) . 
  it 's a whole nine yards  . 
  sky mountain sure sounds kind of awesome . 
  i 'm actually aware of all that , but natuurmonumenten calls it a `` mountain '' , and that 's good enough for me  . 
  apparently it 's a combination of wealth , low inequality , good standards of healthcare , sanitation , and nutrition , a diet that is very heavy on the dairy , [ and a cultural preference for taller mates ] ( http://www.cbc.ca/radio/asithappens/as-it-happens-wednesday-edition-1.3024987/why-are-the-dutch-so-tall-scientists-find-new-clue-to-the-mystery-1.3025375 ) . 
  you have tea with people before they turn into jihadis , afterwards , you put them in jail . 
  uh thanks , i think !, 
  apparently [ denmark has an average height of 31 meters ] ( http://blogs.transparent.com/danish/2013/01/20/10-danish-mountains-you-should-climb/ ) so they could look down on us , except of course if we were standing side by side with them , [ in which case we could look down upon them ] ( https://www.google.nl/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ahukewjjosobtydrahxcobqkht_udpcqfggamaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bbc.co.uk%2fnews%2fscience-environment-36888541&amp;usg=afqjcneqwpj2bdwdvgymyfw7izubcirpjw&amp;bvm=bv.142059868,d.d2s ) . 
  by not voting for them , obviously . 
  anyway , they did n't exclude monasch from running , but monasch withdrew from the leadership race [ because only pvda members would be allowed to vote in it , and he wanted to unilaterally modify the party program if elected , which the pvda refused to do ] ( http://www.parool.nl/binnenland/monasch-stapt-uit-de-pvda-fractie~a4410483/ ) . 
  for an alternative perspective , cohen 's ` tea-drinking ' served as a way to defuse or de-escalate tensions ( particularly around 9/11 ) , to gain an understanding of alternative viewpoints , and to maintain contact with communities that might otherwise be at risk of radicalisation . 
  these are methods that are hated by the dutch right , who therefore take any opportunity to ridicule cohen . 
  hey , do n't knock the [ `` bult van urk '' ] ( https://www.natuurmonumenten.nl/onze-media/puur-natuur/bergen-in-nederland ) !, 
  it 's a full 8.3 meters above sea level !, 
   second , the pvda leadership contest was a joke , not because they did n't allow a bland flip-flopper like aboutaleb in but because they excluded the only candidate capable of actually differing in major policy and ideology from standing . 
  the reason ? 
  he was n't going to defend their record in government for better or worse , the pvda has been in government the past four years . 
  they basically have to defend their record , because to do otherwise would leave them with no credibility whatsoever . 
  no-one is going to believe any pvda leader who promises things will be different this time , while attacking their own record would just make them look stupid and ineffectual . 
  we derive a far larger share of our gdp from exports than they do , so access to the single market is comparatively more important for us . 
  from an economic point of view , i 'd much rather be dutch than french , spanish or italian - we 're richer , have lower unemployment , less inequality , and score higher on human development indices . 
  i think we can spare the money for our eu contribution ; it 's a great investment . 
  that contributes a bit , but the largest share of our contribution is `` gross national income-based own resources '' , i.e. 
  member states pay a fixed share of gni and since on a per capita basis we are usually the second or third richest member state after luxembourg , we 're always going to be among the top contributors . 
  ( [ data for 2014 with more detail ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/20141202ifg82334/eu-budget-explained-expenditure-and-contribution-by-member-state ) ), 
  our government has actually negotiated a rebate for us too , amounting to [ 695 million euro for the current budgeting period ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/mff/resources/index_en.cfm ) . 
  cool , thanks !, 
  i 've never been in the balkans and i 'd like to go sometime . 
  maybe an obvious question , but how nice is ni\u0161 ? 
  that 's certainly true , but that 's all the more reason to find out . 
  additionally , in the british court case about whether parliament or the government gets to trigger a50 , the government has taken the position that it is indeed irrevocable . 
  so the british government does claim to know , or at least its lawyers do , but the secretary for brexit does n't ? 
  is the british government getting bad legal advice , or is its secretary for brexit incompetent and clueless ? 
  agreed , that 's really weird . 
  but what 's even more bizarre is that apparently the secretary of state for exiting the european union does not know , and appears to be not in any particular hurry to find out , whether a50 is in fact revocable . 
  of course it 's a two-level game where both the people voting for brexit need to be pacified and a deal reached with the european partners , but a negotiation where a50 is indeed revocable is one where the british government is in a far better negotiating position than it would be if it was n't and britain could be driven off the cliff edge . 
  no , they were temporarily on loan to a dutch museum for an exposition on art of the black sea region . 
  apparently iirc some stolen art from a dutch museum turned up in ukraine too this year , but that 's completely unrelated . 
  the gold artefacts already are in a museum , that 's why they were in the netherlands in the first place . 
  that 's a great exercise in whataboutery . . so what if there is plenty wrong with governance in developing countries that we are not responsible for , that has little bearing on the question of what our role is in all this . 
  the report notes that the $ 460mn is likely a massive underestimate , as is the $ 5.4 bn in taxes that other countries lose out on in total as a result of our tax policies . 
  but even if it is only a small share of the total amount of taxes dodged worldwide , does that make it right ? 
   but of course it 's politically not correct to stick your hand in your own bosom . 
  i actually believe that we as the netherlands should own up to our own faults , because that at least gives us the moral authority we need to call out corrupt and kleptocratic regimes in the developing world without them being able to write us off as being total hypocrites . 
  guess i 'm not politically correct either  . 
  what i mean is that the rules in place have as a consequence that both starbucks and companies in developing countries get to avoid taxes through the netherlands . 
  that 's how starbucks and the gambia are connected . 
  it is bad , because it halts economic and political development in those countries . 
  we could probably drop development aid if we got rid of tax havens and loosened trade barriers a bit . 
  it certainly is logical , because the mechanisms in place through which starbucks gets to avoid british taxes via the netherlands are also available for any hypothetical firm doing business in the gambia to take advantage of . 
  [ full results are here ] ( http://frontbencher.nl/peilingen/ ) ( in dutch obviously , but the graph should be clear enough ) . 
  biggest winners other than wilders would be the green left party , which is not too dissimilar from the pvda really , and 50plus , a party defending the interests of senior citizens . 
  it 's worth noting however that this particular pollster 's method tend to lead to an overestimation of the wilders vote . 
  also , wilders voters have historically been bad at actually showing up to the polls so that almost all polls overestimate his support . 
  wilders may make the formation of an alternative coalition more difficult , but other than the vvd pretty much no other party is likely to be willing to work with him . 
  he probably wo n't make it into government . 
  wilders wants to ban the koran . 
  he is not a free speech activist . 
  we have a bad habit in the netherlands of calling dutch citizens of moroccan ancestry `` moroccans '' . 
  these are the people wilders wants to get rid of . 
  in the last few years , more moroccans appear to have left the netherlands than have come here . 
  the vast majority of the ` moroccans ' he 's talking about actually are dutch citizens , too . 
  [ shameless hypocrite boris johnson , september this year  ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/05/mps-to-urge-ban-on-uk-arms-sales-to-saudi-arabia )  the british foreign secretary , boris johnson , has defended uk arms sales to saudi arabia , saying the saudi-led bombing campaign in yemen is not `` in clear breach '' of international humanitarian law . 
   this week mps will decide whether to call for a ban on arms sales to saudi in light of allegations of indiscriminate bombing by the saudi-led coalition during the 18-month-old yemen civil war . 
   greater transparency around the arms trade would save countless llives . 
   in a written statement to parliament , johnson says : `` the key test for our continued arms exports to saudi arabia in relation to international humanitarian law is whether those weapons might be used in a commission of a serious breach of international humanitarian law . 
  having regard to all the information available to us , we assess this test has not been met . ''  his judgment is based largely on an saudi-led inquiry into eight controversial incidents , including the bombing of hospitals . 
  the report , published on 4 august , largely defended the bombing runs on the basis that the saudis had received credible intelligence that enemy houthi forces were in the area . 
  in one case it offered compensation to the victims . 
   defending the credibility of a saudi-led inquiry exonerating saudi targeting , johnson said : `` they have the best insight into their own procedures and will be able to conduct the most thorough and conclusive investigations . 
  it will also allow the coalition forces to work out what went wrong and apply the lessons learned in the best possible way . 
  this is the standard we set ourselves and our allies . ''  the johnson statement clarifies the uk position after ministers were forced to retract some statements asserting unequivocally that there had been no breaches of international humanitarian law by the saudis in yemen, 
  i did n't say that reputation was deserved .
