  you can get angry over leaking but really , leaking is a thing that everyone in politics does so all this anger on the uk side is really crocodile tears . 
  the budgetary contributions are n't a bargaining chip ; this is ~ 60 billion that the other member states will have to cough up themselves if britain does n't pay . 
  this is very important to the eu side . 
  so they 're threatening with the fta to get britain to pay . 
  you say that may is eager to settle the question of citizens ' rights ' ; that 's right , but the point is that * she wants to settle that in a way that would be very bad for eu citizens * ( also , her wish to do it fast is entirely unrealistic ) . 
  of course the eu is n't going to take that lying down . 
  millions of eu citizens moved to the uk to work with the expectation of having certain rights and their home states are n't going to agree to having those rights all taken away just like that . 
  finally , the quote that `` brexit can not be a success '' is entirely in line with what all other eu member states ' officials have been saying all along : britain ca n't get an equally good deal outside of the eu as it has within it . 
  so yes , success is not an option . 
  just like tusk basically said publically on accepting the a50 notification : it 's a sad thing and there are only going to be losers . 
  this is a reality that the uk must accept . 
   going into it with the intention of making a large publicity stunt what 's your evidence for that ? 
  really though , my point is that this sort of behaviour on part of both sides is par for the course and entirely to be expected . 
  the real worry is that the reports are accurate and may is really as clueless about what the eu side wants and expects as the story made out . 
  if britain decides it 'll just dump its share of the long-agreed budget in eu 's lap , and treat all eu citizens currently in the uk as no better than 3rd country nationals , then that is not going to be acceptable to the eu . 
  those are not the acts of an ally or a reliable partner . 
  see how it looks from the other side ? 
  there are massive interests at stake here for both sides and so people are going to play hardball . 
  but that is not the same as acting inimical . 
  i absolutely guarantee that the british government will leak whatever it feels it has to as the negotiations get underway . 
  there 's also [ a fair chance that they 'll use spying to gain an advantage ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2017/04/security-expert-warns-uk-will-hack-brexit-negotiations/ ) . most importantly , the other eu member states have electorates too . 
  such a lovely city . 
  is it still overrun by foreign students trying to learn spanish every summer ? 
  ( yes , i was one of them ), 
  i believe you 'll find that the increase in gdp as a result of being an eu member far exceeds the membership fee , and as such leaving the eu to get rid of your contribution is cutting off your nose to spite your own face . 
  but good luck anyway . 
  the eba regulates the banks and as such is an integral part of the eu 's new prudential financial supervision system ( together with esma and eiopa for securities markets and pensions ) . 
  it is not exactly new but a reorganization of functions performed earlier by a comitology committee ( you do n't want to know , trust me ) . 
  ema and eba together employ at least 1,000 staff : that 's highly educated professionals mostly . 
  it 's really no surprise that david davis [ tried to keep them in the uk ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-04-19/u-k-push-to-keep-eu-banking-drug-regulators-in-london-rejected ) . 
  you have the european banking authority and the european medicines agency , which are very important for the city and for the british pharmaceutical industry . 
  that was n't a bad deal by any means . 
   this will depend on many factors , like state of our economy and so forth . 
  my expectation is that if we look at countries that the uk is most similar too and their approaches to immigration , the uk will continue to have high immigration from around the world so it will clearly not depend [ on what british voters want ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/imagecache/mbdxxlarge/mritems/images/2016/6/21/9b0dab20514e4f629643f00e451eff0f_18.jpg ) , gotcha . 
  yes , but will you take 200,000 , every year ? 
   the rest of the world is a lot larger than europe . 
  indeed , i am sure that if the europeans stop coming , the people of great britain will just be delighted to take in a bunch of indians , chinese , or africans instead . 
   i voted leave , i am extremely welcoming and tolerant . 
  glad to hear it . 
   do n't believe everything your press tells you about the leave vote . 
  fortunately , i have a decent enough working knowledge of english , so i do n't principally have to rely on what my own national press tells me . 
  [ i can just read british newspapers instead ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/dec/15/poorer-voters-worries-immigration-fuelled-brexit-vote-study-finds ) . 
  or even better , i can read [ what academics have to say ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/brexit/2017/03/13/division-austerity-the-gig-economy-migration-isnt-our-biggest-labour-market-problem/ ) about the challenges of post-brexit immigration policy . 
  however , it does n't really matter what the truth is ; you 're still going to have a very hard time explaining to people that arkadiusz j\u00f3zwik really was n't beaten to death because he was polish . 
   we might decide to relax our immigration policy for example . 
  yes , and at some indefinite point in the future , pigs might fly . 
  but at the moment , it 's as good as certain that the uk is leaving the eu , and that the largest single group of people who are likeliest to want to come to the uk are going to see that become a lot more difficult . 
   the uk 's welcome and tolerant people that 's only 48 % . 
  i 'm glad we agree on the concept that putting up barriers to immigration leads to less immigration . 
  with brexit , you have effectively chosen to raise the barrier , and so , fewer people will come . 
  i have no problem whatsoever with britain choosing to have an immigration policy , though i think it is likely to be self-defeating . 
  i am only saying that a likely result of having an immigration policy is that fewer people will want migrate to your country . 
  it 's certainly possible . 
  all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds . 
  okay , so the british government is just going to vary requirements by sector to keep up with demand for skilled/unskilled workers . 
  this is going to be a highly efficient process , that is moreover in no way reminiscent of a centrally planned economy , will certainly not involve a lot of bureaucracy and lobbying , and besides , foreign workers will of course happily jump through whatever hoops the uk government chooses to put up because britain is just that awesome and it 's not like you could go to germany instead . 
  are you secretly daniel hannan ? 
  this would be true if immigration were a [ veblen good ] ( http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/1164/economics/veblen-goods/ ) , but i 've never seen any evidence that it is . 
  if migrating to the uk becomes more difficult and/or annoying , people are more likely to stay put , or move somewhere else instead . 
   australia , canada and usa somehow manage to be very popular destinations without eu citizens having free movement rights there . 
  think about the reasons for that . 
  those same reasons also apply to the uk . 
  obviously people are n't going to stop coming to the uk entirely . 
  i feel pretty comfortable though in predicting that in the future , fewer will come . 
  that is what may is promising and given that she has and is likely to retain a large parliamentary majority , that is something she can accomplish . 
  and in one sector , [ it already appears to be working ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/66ghm8/may_to_make_election_pledge_to_end_eu_free/dgicyg1/ ) . 
  well , just look what happened with [ one category of skilled workers : nursing ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2017/mar/18/nhs-eu-nurses-quit-record-numbers ) :  the number of eu nationals registering as nurses in england has dropped by 92 % since the brexit referendum in june , and a record number are quitting the nhs , it can be revealed . 
   the shock figures have prompted warnings that theresa may 's failure to offer assurances to foreigners living in the uk is exacerbating a staffing crisis in the health service . 
   only 96 nurses joined the nhs from other european nations in december 2016 -- a drop from 1,304 in july , the month after the referendum . 
   at the same time , freedom of information responses compiled by the liberal democrats from 80 of the 136 nhs acute trusts in england show that 2,700 eu nurses left the health service in 2016 , compared to 1,600 eu nurses in 2014 -- a 68 % increase . 
  if the uk is trying to make itself less attractive , it looks like it 's succeeding . 
  my point is that you are not guaranteed to remain a popular immigration , particularly once eu citizens can no longer enjoy free movement rights in the uk . 
  you have a government which [ is explicitly targeting lowering immigration ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/how-theresa-may-plans-to-reduce-immigration-after-brexit/ ) by at least 200,000 people . 
  after the end of free movement , any immigration procedure will inevitably become more bureaucratically cumbersome . 
  and your home office is already struggling to cope with all the applications for permanent residence of eu citizens , and the rejection rate for those applications is at 28 % . 
  most important of all , most brits voted for brexit because they wanted to lower immigration . 
  you can not both lower immigration and remain attractive for immigrants . 
  and the bad thing about it is that they may not want to come anymore . 
  i would not be surprised if the the guardian 's editorial line was similar to that proposed in this article , but people should still stop confusing opinion columns published in newspapers with opinions held by newspapers / the newspaper 's editorial staff themselves . 
  the economist is in fact a very liberal publication . 
  it 's just that thanks to the yanks , people are now confused about what `` liberalism '' means . 
  the economist is liberal in the classical sense . 
  [ this is how it describes itself ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2013/09/economist-explains-itself-0 ) :  the concepts of right - and left-wing predate the economist 's foundation by half a century . 
  they first referred to seating arrangements in the national assembly in paris during the french revolution . 
  monarchists sat on the right , revolutionaries on the left . 
  to this day , the phrases distinguish conservatives from egalitarians . 
  but they do a poor job of explaining the economist 's liberalism , which reconciles the left 's impatience at an unsatisfactory status quo with the right 's scepticism about grandiose redistributive schemes . 
  so although its credo and its history are as rich as that of any reactionary or revolutionary , the economist has no permanent address on the left-right scale . 
  in most countries , the political divide is conservative-egalitarian , not liberal-illiberal . 
  so it has no party allegiance , either . 
  when it covers elections , it gives its endorsement to the candidate or party most likely to pursue classically liberal policies . 
  it has thrown its weight behind politicians on the right , like margaret thatcher , and on the left , like barack obama . 
  it is often drawn to centrist politicians and parties who appear to combine the best of both sides , such as tony blair , whose combination of social and economic liberalism persuaded it to endorse him at the 2001 and the 2005 elections ( though it criticised his government 's infringements of civil liberties ) . 
  because of this liberalism , it may end up being called left-wing or rightwing depending on what the prevailing consensus is in any particular country . 
  americans used to complain that the economist was leftwing , while if you 're french , it certainly looks a tad rightwing . 
  there is nothing in the eu treaties permitting the eu to permanently administer any territory , and neither is it in any way equipped to do so . 
  the whole concept of a federal territory would require a wholesale treaty change and thus requires approval of every single member state . 
  in other words , not going to happen . 
  he was a dictator , which means that it is very difficult to establish any objective measure of popularity or support . 
  during and after the spanish civil war , franco 's nationalist rebels murdered somewhere in the neighbourhood of 150,000 people , while many more were imprisoned and/or used as slave labour , and half a million people fled .
