  campaign 's over , you can start telling the truth now . 
  eh , every year that a final settlement is delayed is another year of uncertainty about the outcome , is another year of investments in britain held back , is another year of jobs not created , is another year of lower national income . 
  the costs of brexit are already in the tens of billions since last week from the falling pound , and you have n't achieved anything yet . 
  you ca n't afford for it to take a decade . 
  possibly !, 
  it 'll be really expensive though , these people are in short supply and you need a lot of them . 
  miriam gonz\u00e1lez durant\u00e9z ( a former trade negotiator , and also nick clegg 's wife ) [ says that close to 500 are needed ] ( https://next.ft.com/content/3c76e90a-270e-11e6-8ba3-cdd781d02d89 ) ( to get around the ft paywall , google `` britain lacks the skills to go solo on trade deals '' ) . 
  but these people would still need time to familiarize themselves with the specific issues affecting the uk , and the uk government still needs to figure out what it wants to achieve in the first place , so , per gonz\u00e1lez durant\u00e9z , they 'd still be busy for a decade . 
  also , i do n't see the current uk government being willing to throw money at anything at all to solve problems - so far it 's been austerity all the way . 
  the uk is so screwed . 
  the uk government at least [ was aware of the problem ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/feb/28/brexit-would-affect-lives-of-millions-official-uk-report-says ) ( that 's from february ) . 
  i guess people just really hated the idea that the uk lacked the capability to do something and thus dismissed it as unrealistic . 
  it 's not surprising though , as far as i remember , pretty much every single news report i 've seen discussing the risks and dangers associated with brexit prior to the vote ended with an official reaction of the leave campaign saying essentially ` trust us , it 'll be fine '' or `` these experts really are n't experts , and they 're obviously wrong . 
  why ? 
  well , because we say so '' . 
  free movement of workers is necessary if you have free movement of capital , since otherwise wages and/or working conditions risk ending up in a race to the bottom . 
  the situation of hk and singapore is not comparable at all since they 're / were limited by size how much immigration they could take in anyway , and nobody was pushing them to take more . 
   it 's strange how if the uk wants to trade with the eu we have to accept freedom of movement , that was n't a rule when we joined the eec , dude . 
  treaty of rome , 1957 . 
  it was there when you signed it . 
  as was pointed out , the fta will be negotiated with the eu collectively . 
  but the uk will have to renegotiate or amend many of the ftas the eu has concluded with third countries outside the eu . 
  iirc that 's something like 60 ftas , along with another 50 or so that the eu is working on at the moment . 
   satirical i know , this ridiculous backlash has to stop . 
  ye , the uk did sacrifice quite a lot . . specifically billions of pounds of their wealth , net , for years to the european project , and also taking in millions of immigrants from other eu states to live and work , up to three million of which are still there now . 
  it would be appropriate to recognize the uk 's departure as a loss of a significant member ( second largest economy ) that will impact the eu greatly , rather than round after round of insults ... and i 'm irish so i 've insulted the british a lot :p it did n't sacrifice anything , since the economic benefits of the single market far outweigh the membership contributions , and the immigrants coming to the uk from the rest of the eu pay their taxes just like anybody else , and make rather less use of social services since they 're almost all in work . 
  it 's the uk 's government 's fault that they did n't spread this increase in wealth across the entire population instead of it ending up mostly at the top , but that 's mostly not the eu 's fault . 
  the uk had as good a deal with the eu as it is possible to get , and it 's their own damn fault they 're losing it . 
  he might be more interested in how it comes across to his own electorate , which is voting on sunday , than to the british one . 
   we now have a minority government composed of two parties what are supposed to be political polar opposites , but as cliche as it sounds , it 's simply the establishment doing what they 've done for decades . 
  we have a majority government , and the idea that voting in the nl is useless is nonsense . 
  sure , you 're unlikely to get radical change , but a government with , say , vvd , cda and d'66 is still going to give you different results than one with pvda or groenlinks in there , and a vvd with 40 + seats is going to be more influential than one with 20 . 
  wilders is a clueless moron , film at 11 . 
  fundamental rights are much better protected in the eu , since they 're part of the treaties , and can not be abolished at the whim of a single member state 's government . 
  the uk on the other hand is effectively an electoral dictatorship , where at the moment the conservatives can do what they want even though they received only 37 % of the vote ( and i 'm going to do a total and deliberate gove here and point out that that 's approximately as much as the nazis got in the last semi-democratic elections in the weimar republic ) . 
  he 's a mess . 
  sad !, 
  unfortunately , my own answer would be : it depends very much on the policy field , and also , i just realized i am actually much too tired to do any further discussing today , sorry  . 
  that 's quatremer 's implicit opinion , not necessarily mine . 
  the tl ; dr is that brexit is a terrifically bad idea for britain , but that a victory for remain , will give cameron far too much influence . 
  as such , bremain would help put a brake on the further integration that is needed to solve the current crises the eu is dealing with , and instead turn the eu into nothing more than a free trade zone . 
  thus , quatremer 's conclusion :  so , english friends , have courage !, 
  let yourself be won over by such brilliant leaders as nigel farage and boris johnson , who in their hearts simply want what 's best for europe . 
  we promise we 'll let you back in in twenty years . 
  on our conditions , of course , in sackcloth and rope : a small price to pay to save the european dream . 
  finally , a reason to be happy the netherlands did n't qualify :( . 
  i 'll concede that i probably should have included the use of fiscal policy as stabilization policy as a possible argument for austerity . 
  but given that we 're discussing this in r/europe , the use of fiscal policy as a brake on bubble-like economic growth was n't the first thing to come to my mind  . 
  would have been an excellent idea pre-2009 though !, 
  there are countries where the implementation of austerity policies has been inevitable for the reason you mentioned . 
  however , there have also been countries where governments deliberately implemented austerity policies for ideological reasons ( preference for a smaller government ) . 
  so it 's an ongoing debate and it 's good to have imf economists weigh in . 
  just to be clear , i did n't mean to imply that eastern europe benefiting from the eu was a bad thing !, 
  everyone benefits , some more than others at some point in time , at another point that may be different . 
  does n't it ? 
  eastern european member states benefit massively from the eu . 
   the predominantly eastern nations have an impact more akin to non-eu migrants however , they also have arrived in huge blocs that practically changed some of the cities ( birmingham and romanians for example ) overnight that 's one of the things i was trying to get at - businesses benefit from the cheaper ( and often well-qualified ) labour , and households see a reduced availability of social housing or higher housing prices . 
  also , like / u/turbo _ dude , there does seem to be a small effect on wages for low-skilled people ( [ source ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/333084/mac-_migrants_in_low-skilled_work_summary_2014.pdf ) ) . 
  however , this is a problem that can in my view far more effectively be addressed by more resources for stronger enforcement of labour laws , and perhaps more investment in housing , rather than by leaving the eu . 
  on the balance thing , i 'm thinking it 's basically because france and germany have been by far the most economically powerful member states on the continent , and are therefore in a stronger position than the smaller states which sometimes stand against them . 
  but what with the large number of eastern european member states we now have i think things are changing anyway . 
  responded [ below ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4kmxw2/britain_risks_yearlong_recession_if_votes_for/d3g9z84 ) . 
  the logical view , as you describe it , is of course a part of it ( though the evidence suggests that eu migration to the uk is also a net benefit to the uk itself , though one that is afaict not equally shared throughout the population ) . 
  on top of that the uk also increases the size of the internal market so its membership is good for business and thus , jobs . 
  but the presence of the uk in the eu also increases the diversity of opinions among the member states , it forms a brake against excessive regulation and overly fast integration ( and implicitly , on the french-german axis that has driven the eu for so long ) . 
  so i think the uk being a member makes the eu more balanced . 
  yes . 
  i think having the uk as an eu member is good for the uk and good for the eu . 
  indeed . 
  dear brits , please immiserate yourself for my amusement , tia . 
  as far as i understand from the thread though , the currrent logic behind visa restrictions on romanian and bulgarian passports is that holders of those passports are more likely to overstay their visas . 
  that 's a problem that gets hidden in the overall numbers in case of an eu passport but is not going away , and i doubt a single eu passsport would be accepted as a solution by third countries . 
  and that 's without taking into account the likely protests from all the people who will ( with some justification ) start screaming bloody murder the moment the phrase `` eu passport '' gets introduced . 
  yeah , spite is probably the wrong word . 
  though from doing a little research it seems that [ the member states may be able to block the revocation of visa waivers for americans ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/european-travel-2016-loss-eu-visa-waiver-could-threaten-us-tourism-business-trade-2352334 ) regardless of what happens with ttip . 
  so the member states that benefit from american tourism will probably help the americans from making it a subject of negotation ( the americans also want to keep visas out of ttip ) . 
  have you checked out the glossary ? 
  because it would accomplish almost precisely nothing in increasing security , while being rather costly in terms of reducing american travel and tourism to the eu . 
  the eu received ( per a quick google ) ~ 12 million american visitors last year , why would we kill the goose laying the golden egg out of spite ? 
  if the americans want to be stupid about this that 's their own problem , there 's no need for the eu to respond in kind . 
  you might find [ this extensive examination of the first bailout ] ( https://medium.com/bull-market/2010-and-all-that-relitigating-the-greek-bailout-part-1-a889d468e8ae#.luhzc62iq ) useful . 
  main points ( copied from the link ) : 1 ) the majority of greek government bonds were held by non-greek residents -- merler & pisani-ferry reckon about 72 % . 
  2 ) however , the greek domestic banking system was far and away the largest single holder , almost as much as french and german banks put together we also know : 3 ) french banks , in particular , had a lot of their greek government exposure through subsidiaries , and could at least in principle have reduced their losses in the event of a greek government default by taking advantage of limited liability . 
  4 ) when we compared the ggb exposures to total capital and reserves , we can see that the greek domestic banking system in april 2010 had eur39 .1 bn of reserves , while the french system had eur463 .9 bn and the german had eur368 .4 bn . 
  in other words , a write-off of all greek government debt would have been a deep flesh wound for the german and french banks ( around 6-7 % of total capital ) , but a complete wipe-out for the greek banks ( just under 100 % of capital and reserves ) . 
  thanks so much for providing sources ( the imf document was indeed the one i was thinking of and have read before ) . 
  i also have no doubt that the imf seriously underestimated the fiscal multiplier of spending reductions and that the economic depression in greece as a result of austerity was far larger than foreseen . 
  however , leaving these figures aside , this only strengthens the logic for not defaulting . 
  after all , in case of default , * greece would no longer have been able to run any primary deficits at all , immediately from the moment of default . 
  * ( and would also have had to rescue its banks somehow ) . 
  as the imf document says ( p. 22 ) :  indeed , if greece had defaulted , the absence of deficit financing would have required primary fiscal balance from the second half of 2010 . 
  this would have required an abrupt fiscal consolidation , and led to an evaporation of confidence and huge deposit outflow that would have most likely made the contraction in output even larger . 
  the primary deficit was on the order of 10 % of gdp in 2010 . 
  cut government spending by that amount , apply the fiscal multiplier , and you end up with an economic contraction of 15-20 % of gdp in the first year alone . 
  and then you have that lower level of government spending every year after that until greece returns to the financial markets and can run a deficit again , and how long does that take ?? 
  i get that it 's difficult to accept the program as being for your own good , since it was at best only halfheartedly intended that way and created a massive recession ( also , being dutch and thus completely unaffected by it , i feel like a dick even discussing this ) . 
  but without the program , shit as it was , things would have gotten far worse , far faster . 
   the imf projected a 12 % recession if greece did n't accept the bailout would you happen to have a source for that ? 
  i only remember imf predictions about the impact of the austerity program . 
  in any case , given that just prior to the first bailout greek debt had been rated as junk and interest rates were soaring , not doing a bailout would in my opinion have resulted in sovereign default .
