  that 's not the mark of a president playing 11-dimensional chess . 
  it 's the sign of a president who 's clearly a few beers short of a sixpack . 
  sure they did , by # 350 million a week even . 
  no , it 's just an estimate for the increased yearly borrowing costs on france 's sovereign debt outside of the euro . 
  it does not include the costs of the transition or any other indirect economic costs from leaving the euro ( and likely the eu ) , and these are likely to be massive . 
  france pays 40-45 billion euro a year in interest on its sovereign debt at the moment so the additional costs would mean an increase in debt payments by 60-70 % . 
  this seems high but after all after french euro exit they will no longer be under the ecb 's umbrella and ca n't rely on its cheap money anymore . 
  it 's our dear blonde leader geert wilders , of the right-wing anti-muslim populist freedom party , dressed up as a dutch naval hero of the 17th century . 
  it 's basically because ( to wilders ) israel is fighting muslims . 
  maybe not , but the practical difficulties are enormous . 
  off the top of my head , there 's the settlement bill for leaving , there 's the political problem that [ there is still broad support for the euro ] ( http://voxeu.org/article/public-support-euro ) , there 's the legal problem of euro exit not being possible while remaining in the eu , there 's the practical problem of all banks , financial institutions and companies having to adjust their it and bookkeeping systems to a different currency or multiple currencies , and there 's the likelihood of capital flight and a financial crisis if people start thinking italy might drop out of the euro . 
  i still think that no politician in their right mind is going to want to take on these issues once they get a clue of how complicated they are . 
   its national central bank 's claims on or liabilities to the ecb would need to be settled in full . 
  this is one of the reasons why the euro in practice * is * as good as irreversible , which is i guess why draghi mentioned it . 
  looking [ at the ecb 's statistics ] ( http://sdw.ecb.europa.eu/reports.do?node=1000004859 ) , italy when leaving would need to settle a negative target balance of over 350 billion euro . 
   yeah , or b\u0153uf bourguignon with miso ramen . 
  holy crap someone actually thinks that this abomination unto nature looks good . 
  there is no such thing as a fixed number of jobs that has to be divided between your countrymen and immigrants . 
  immigration tends to contribute to economic growth and creates new jobs along the way . 
  if not everybody shares in the benefits , that 's the fault of the government 's social and redistributive policies , not of the immigrants themselves . 
  glad to see the mods taking action against this outbreak of bovine spongiform encefalopathy . 
  to be fair , the thread title matches the url - maybe bloomberg changed the article header ( it 's now `` u.k. brexit boom still sees economy plagued by old problems '' which is a bit less sexy ) . 
  this is only positive news if you do n't actually read the article . 
  perhaps there 's no direct connection between brexit and the murder of jo cox ; however , the killer was determined by the courts to be motivated by a violent white supremacist ideology , and the connection between incidents like that and stuff like the ` breaking point ' poster is not too hard to draw . 
  ( not to discount the possibility of leftist political terrorism , but it 's not exactly been relevant these last twenty years or so ) . 
  anyway , sorry about the abuse you 're receiving ; i feel you are completely wrong about the merits of brexit but abuse on all sides is unacceptable and uncalled for . 
  i hope you 're right - it would proably help though if judges were n't attacked as ` enemies of the people ' , or dissenters like gina miller subjected to a torrent of abuse . 
  and that 's not even to mention jo cox . 
  for now , the reasons to fear seem to exist mainly on one side . 
  i hope your optimism is vindicated though . 
  they certainly do thus far , let 's see how well its arrangements cope with brexit . 
  we 'll just have to agree to disagree then , because to me , while the will of the majority goes , for far-reaching and constitutional changes , i 'd prefer that a bigger majority or supermajority was required , in the uk as elsewhere . 
  sure , but we might be able to learn from each other . 
  there might not be a long tradition of protecting minority rights in the uk , but that does n't mean it is n't a good idea . 
   yes , these protect you and your rights from the majority indeed , and they do so * by limiting what the majority can legally do * . 
  that 's the whole point of the safeguard . 
  we protect the minority by legally blocking the majority from removing people 's rights by simple majority . 
  i meant ` constitution ' also in its broader meaning , i.e. 
  ` the system of fundamental principles according to which a nation , state , corporation , or the like , is governed ' . 
  a dutch eu exit would imho be a constitutional change in that sense . 
  we have no courts which can interpret our constitution but i 'd argue we should n't be able to leave the eu by a simple majority in parliament or referendum . 
  actually kind of disappointed that the court did n't require the involvement of the regional parliaments or refer to the cjeu for maximum hilarity . 
  in the netherlands , changing the constitution requires passing a law , having new elections , after which the changes need to be approved by a two-thirds majority . 
  is that undemocratic ? 
  some changes are simply so momentuous that a simple majority wo n't do . 
  from one remote location full of sheep to another ... , 
  my fault , thanks for the correction . 
  it seems [ that the commission could theoretically propose new regulations instead ] ( http://www.risk.net/risk-magazine/opinion/2463223/not-so-fast-fran-ois-eu-clearing-land-grab-is-complex ) but looking at the linked article that does not seem especially likely . 
  edit : as u/trucidator points out , ecb has no competence to regulate clearing houses , so this post is mistaken . 
  the services most likely to move are the [ clearing houses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clearing_house_ ( finance ) handling euro-denominated derivatives , which the ecb has been trying and failing to shift to within the eurozone because they are seen as being potentially systemically risky . 
  the cjeu blocked the ecb from requiring clearing houses to move to the eurozone since the uk was still part of the single market , but after brexit that wo n't be the case ( [ some further background ] ( http://bruegel.org/2016/06/brexit-and-the-uks-euro-denominated-market-the-role-of-clearing-houses/ ) ) . 
  and that 's all fine , but then do n't go complaining that there is no flexibility . 
  anyway , on a per capita basis you have nothing to complain about when it comes to contributions - netherlands pays far more !, 
  flexibility like getting opt-outs for the euro , schengen , justice and home affairs , and a special rebate for the membership contributions ? 
  i 'm probably as guilty of it as anyone , but there 's really no point in trying to interpret intraday movements in the exchange rate unless you 've got a black wednesday-type event . 
  check back in a few months or so . 
  i 'm not sure either , particularly when you have a rabid tabloid press that brands anyone who throws up even a procedural question about brexit as an enemy of the people , and leavers ' attitude towards remainers here seems to be on the lines of ` you lost , so shut up ' . 
  and i think enough has now changed in britain 's relationship with the eu that the damage may already be irreversible . 
  i do hope britain gets a chance to make a sober assessment of the final outcome , but at this stage that seems to be equivalent to wishing pigs to fly . 
  in contrast to what is apparently normal in the uk , changes to the eu constitution ( the treaties ) have to be approved unanimously . 
  in other words , malta has a veto over changes to the eu treaties ( and also , incidentally , over any post-brexit trade deal between the eu and the uk ) . 
  i am not saying though that citizens of gibraltar should have a veto over what happens in the uk . 
  however , i find the fact that in the uk massive changes to the social , legal , and political order such as those implied by brexit seem to need no more than a single simple majority vote in a consultative referendum to be really disturbing . 
  democracy should be more than just the tyranny of the majority . 
  gibraltar voted 96 % in favour of remaining in the eu . 
  but with only 20,000 people gibraltareans voting , they could never be more than a rounding error in the final outcome . 
  it 's not just a fantasy :( we 're caught in a landslide no escape from reality . 
   the working group was originally commissioned to look into eu budget reform in 2014 , but its recommendations have acquired added urgency in the wake of the brexit vote so these recommendations do not actually have anything to do with brexit ( people have been debating what funding mechanisms would be best for the eu for years now ) . 
  it 's just a typically dishonest headline from the telegraph . 
  otoh , voicing your opinion heedless of the consequences or what other people may think of it - definitely dutch . 
  if the ft picked up my lunch tab i 'd splurge , too . 
  it just seemed to me to be rather a lot to be drinking at lunchtime , is all . 
  to each his own , though . 
  judging from [ this ft article ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/864c3a96-fbf1-11e5-b5f5-070dca6d0a0d ) , the eu 's hardly stopping him from doing so . 
  intro quote : '' ` i am what i am , ' says the ukip leader over six pints , a bottle of wine and two glasses of port '' . 
   she said she wanted to have control over the borders , and to have a good trade agreement . 
  nothing more . 
  she did not `` essentially confirm '' that we would be leaving the single market . 
  actually , this is a distinction without a difference , since as people on the eu side have been pointing out * ad nauseam * , membership of the single market requires accepting the four freedoms and probably requires accepting the cjeu as a dispute settlement mechanism . 
  thus , may 's aims are absolutely incompatible with single market membership and the interpretation that may 's goals will lead to britain leaving the single market is as a consequence entirely defensible . 
  if you 're interested , you should pick up a copy of david mitchell 's * the thousand autumns of jacob de zoet * , a fantastic novel set in this exact time period ( translated in dutch as * de niet verhoorde gebeden van jacob de zoet * ) . 
   it is a good sign for the long term that these forecasters have got it wrong . 
  it is a good sign for the short term , certainly , and also a pleasant surprise . 
  and forecasters should certainly look at what kind of wrong assumptions they made ( in addition to failing to predict brexit not immediately happening ) . 
  but there are some indications that business investment growth is [ slowing down ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-eu-economy-idukkcn1290zr ) , that growth is heavily based on [ consumer borrowing ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-boe-lending-idukkbn14o0tp ) and that it will come under threat from [ rising inflation ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2017/01/05/higher-inflation-likely-to-hurt-consumer-spending-boes-haldane ) , while the growth in employment also seems to be [ levelling off ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36956418 ) . 
  and of course we do n't know how the markets will react to the article 50 notification . 
  so it seems to me that the risks exist mainly on the downside . 
  i do n't doubt that , which is why those who are saying it is no big deal because he was leaving anyway are probably wrong . 
  you would think that they could have found some way to renew or extend his term . 
  to be fair , it could also just be bog-standard barely-veiled racist propaganda . 
  anyway , [ here 's some background for you ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/putin-trump-sanctions-news-hacking-analysis/ ) . 
  step # 1 should be not taking conspiratorial bullshit propaganda for granted . 
  step # 2 should be : when in doubt , see # 1 . 
  this is basically the catalan version of `` but they want to sell us cars !, 
  '' , and it 's just as delusional . 
  thanks for looking that up though !, 
  also , it takes a great mind to recognize one 's mistakes  . 
  i do n't know , it 's complicated . 
  removed because u/earthobserver graciously edited his/her post . 
  to me , the presence of hurdles created by migration restrictions ( and probably also diploma recognition ) suggests an absence of true freedom .
