  and while the king invested a lot in economic development in belgium ( and turned out to be really good at lining his own pockets in the process ) , as a result of the incipient industrial revolution many working men lost their jobs and went hungry . 
  the belgian rebellion could perhaps have been contained if the king had given in to demands for more belgian involvement in government ( or even administrative separation of the country ) , and allowed for ministerial responsibility to reign in his powers . 
  instead , he sent in the army . 
  also , like / u/deathleach said , the united kingdom of the netherlands really was n't a proper country anyway ; belgian regents and public officials had actually voted against the united kingdom 's constitution , but their vote against was overruled by ` dutch math ' ( [ arithmetique hollandaise ] ( http://historiek.net/naar-een-koninkrijk-van-nederland-en-belgie-in-1815/48288/#.vxdpuxglsul ) ) . 
  the belgian and dutch territories were equally represented in the estates general , despite the belgian territories being far more populous . 
  the debt also was equally shared , despite it having been incurred almost entirely by the dutch . 
  there had basically never been any real desire for integration in the netherlands in belgium . 
  so i 'm not sure if the belgian revolution can really be called a civil war ( though it did include targeted violence against dutchmen and dutch sympathizers in belgium ) . 
  if i had to pick a point in time where the netherlands were in a state of near-civil war , i 'd pick the 1780s , when conflicts between the supporters of the autocratic prince of orange and the ` patriotic ' opposition turned into violence , and which conflicts were setttled by a prussian invasion on behalf of the prince , and later , by the french conquest of the netherlands . 
  [ this is what the financial times says ] ( https://next.ft.com/content/5cd640f6-9025-11e3-a776-00144feab7de ) :  the number of european migrants in the uk is almost exactly balanced by the number of britons living elsewhere in the eu , according to official figures . 
   about 1.8 m britons live in europe , with spain boasting an expat population of just over 1m uk citizens , according to government estimates . 
  of the britons living in europe , 400,000 are claiming a state pension from the uk . 
  that compares with an estimate of 2.34 m eu citizens living in the uk , according to the latest official figures from nomis -- the national online manpower information system , a service provided by the office for national statistics -- based on passport records . 
  so yes , it looks like my guess was off on the one side ( because fewer brits live in europe than the other source said ) . 
  otoh , there do appear to be a hell of a lot of brits working or studying in spain , although that number may by now be lower due to the poor state of the economy there . 
  you could also say though that the number of brits willing to work abroad in the eu appears to be smaller in part because most people interested in doing so have already moved . 
  in that case , you add the people already working abroad to the people who 've indicated a willingness to do so . 
  i have no idea about what the comparison with other eu members would look like in that case , but i think the brits would not come out looking quite as parochial . 
  apparently [ something like 2.2 million brits nevertheless reside in other eu countries ] ( https://euobserver.com/social/123066 ) , of whom 400,000 are pensioners . 
  the link does n't make clear how many of these british immigrants in the eu are youths under 18 or students , but as a rough guess that means there are probably around 1.5 million brits working on the continent . 
  that does n't seem like a small amount to me . 
  [ gdp is indeed a very problematic metric for the measurement of living standards ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2009/sep/13/economics-economic-growth-and-recession-global-economy ) . 
  as that article explains , the way gdp is measured does not adequately capture the contribution government spending makes to a country 's wellbeing and living standards . 
  and since most european countries have a larger government share in overall gdp , this means that using gdp as a measure makes europe look far more worse off than it is . 
  but that 's exactly what the `` association agreement '' is !, 
  the eu has association treaties with many third countries , including turkey ( [ see here for a complete list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_association_agreement#eu_agreements_with_third_states ) ) . 
  in some cases membership may be an eventual goal , like with turkey , but that does n't mean it stands any direct chance of happening , like with turkey . 
  i think the reason why this indicator still is valuable is that with these kinds of questions , people in other countries systematically make errors too ( ask your average dutchman how many muslims live in the netherlands and you 'll also get a wild overestimation ) . 
  so the logic is that the errors sort of cancel each other out across countries , but you can still spot systematic diffferences in people 's estimates . 
  i do n't think we 're all that well informed on romania and bulgaria , but i believe the general perception is that romania and bulgaria are both horribly corrupt and , by implication , should not have been let into the eu ( a more serious version of this argument is that the eu basically lost all power to force these countries to address corruption once they became members ) . 
  there 's also the problem that european rules on free movement and posted workers specifically allow employers to hire people from eastern europe on their local terms and conditions , and dutch workers can not possibly compete . 
  one such example of [ romanians did make the news just this week ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/03/romanians-are-being-exploited-by-pay-tricks-at-dutch-shipyards-union/ ) . 
  the conditions on which they are working may be quite good by romanian standards ( otherwise they would n't be here i guess ) , but it undermines the wages and working standards we 're used to here . 
  and bulgarians most recently came in the news for a [ fraud scheme ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/7afd3bd6-bcac-11e2-b344-00144feab7de.html#axzz42artjp4k ) that abused the dutch housing benefits systems and ended up costing the nl tens of millions of euros * . 
  so for most people the benefits of having romania and bulgaria in the eu are pretty much invisible , while the harm done is very clear . 
  and that perception extends to ukraine too is my guess . 
  ( please note that this is my attempt at an explanation , not my personal opinion . 
  i 've had the good fortune of only ever meeting cool people from romania and bulgaria , and i 'm still going to vote ` yes ' . 
  but i can understand the concerns of people who are worried that our welfare system is under threat ) . 
  * gooogle ` dutch uproar over bulgarian benefit fraud ' for the full article . 
  no ; the whole idea behind the op as i understand it is that since greece is effectively in debt to the other member states , it could pay that debt off by hosting refugees ( this implies that refugees are a common responsibility ) . 
  since the netherlands is n't in debt to the other member states , there 's a smaller possibility that we could be bribed to host larger numbers of refugees instead . 
  actually , the bailout loans to greece carry an interest rate far below that which greece would have had to pay in the markets , their maturities have been extended , and because the interest paid on loans to the ecb gets recycled back to greece , [ greece actually has a lower interest burden than italy , spain or portugal ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6e5532c0-a310-11e4-ac1c-00144feab7de.html#axzz3wcoziai3 ) . 
  most importantly , because almost all of greece 's debt is held by official creditors , there is no bankster-industrial complex involved ( except for the greek one , since part of the money lent to greece is used for the recapitalization of the greek banks ) . 
  our debt by and large is n't owed to other eu member states or the ecb . 
  greece 's debt currently stands at [ 381 billion euro ] ( http://www.nationaldebtclocks.org/debtclock/greece ) . 
  housing the refugees wo n't be * that * expensive . 
  plus \u00e7a change ... ( referring to the stereotypes , not the reality ), 
  municipalities have gotten rulings in their favour , for instance limiting the number of requests and in one case even being awarded damages for vexatious requests , but they do have to go to court . 
  the dutch public records law is not a great law . 
  yes , to my ( somewhat limited ) understanding the use of case law here is permitted , though not required , as a source of law . 
  lower courts normally follow the interpretation of previous rulings handed out by our high court , and the high administrative court and apply whichever principles are laid down in them . 
  but government bodies have to take the matter to court to get a ruling in their favour ; they can not just refuse to fulfil a request by pointing to the case law . 
  and since going to court is normally more expensive than the maximum penalty under the law and a positive ruling is not guaranteed , they will be hesitant to do so . 
  so a change in the law is still needed . 
  as soon as the relevant government organism misses the deadline , the penalty is automatic : initially 20 euros per day late , then mounting up to 40 with a maximum of 1260 euro ( ~ 1400 dollars ) per request . 
  so file enough requests and you can make a decent income out of it even though you 're not entitled to additional damages . 
  by now there 's some case law about it limiting the potential for abuse and there 's some talk about rewriting the law , but it 's clear that it 's difficult to strike the balance between making the government responsive and preventing abuse . 
  [ story in dutch here ] ( http://www.nrcreader.nl/artikel/843/dordrecht-heeft-vier-mensen-speciaal-voor-hem-in-dienst ) , it turns out i was wrong and the city of dordrecht had to employ four people to deal with the requests bombardment , which until they won the court case would have set them back 400,000 euro a year . 
  it 's not an entirely unfounded concern . 
  in the netherlands , there is a public records law ( the wob ) , which imposes fines on governments if they do not respond sufficiently quickly to a public records request . 
  some people have used this to file hundreds of requests in the hope of compensation even where they have no interest in the actual records , or in some cases out of sheer spite ( one man in the city of dordrecht filed 500 requests over the course of two months because of some conflict with the municipality ; the city at one point employed two public servants full time to comply with the requests and had to sue to limit the amount of requests he was allowed to make ) . 
  i 'm in favour of public records laws but the possibility of abuse needs to be addressed . 
  [ list of non-self governing territories ] ( http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/nonselfgovterritories.shtml ), 
  so clearly being a member of the eu has n't held britain back economically then . 
  1 ) no question that joining the euro has proven disastrous for the peripheral countries , the problem is that leaving the euro is a recipe for capital flight , a banking crisis , and a way to make the debt load even more problematic ( because leaving implies a devaluation , otherwise there 'd be no point to it ) . 
  this is why it has n't been done by anyone . 
  2 ) perhaps the costs would be manageable , perhaps not , my point is jenkins just waves them away as if they 're irrelevant . 
  what a load of hooey . 
  jenkins says that only by voting to leave will cameron 's negotiating demands be taken seriously by the eu , when in fact cameron has n't even put anything concrete on the table . 
  besides , any treaty changes would have to be approved by 27 other member states ; does he really think they 'll throw out or reform the whole system just because britain 's picked up its ball and gone home ? 
  he says it may push the mediterranean countries to adopt floating currencies , but why ? 
  britain is n't part of the euro so why should its leaving have any effect on the euro 's actual member states ? 
  there 's a reason none of them have dropped the euro yet , and that 's because the costs of leaving would be absolutely disastrous . 
  jenkins accuses the eu of not being able to handle syrian migration , but britain so far is hardly affected by the refugee crisis , and its actual contribution to dealing with it is derisory . 
  additionally , european countries will always have to cooperate to deal with this , this will always lead to fights and recriminations , and this will be the case whether they do so through the institutions of the eu or not . 
  finally , jenkins casually dismissess the projected costs and benefits of leaving as ` spurious statistics ' . 
  but why should we trust his judgment of this ? 
  it is for certain that there will be costs and benefits of some size , and britons have an interest in knowing what they 're likely to be and the costs and benefits should matter when they decide whether to leave or remain . 
  official report says it was a buk * , does not address the question of who launched it ( this was outside the scope of the investigation ) . 
  says ukraine should have closed the airspace above the conflict zone to civilian air traffic preventively . 
  crew died instantly after impact of the missile , passengers also near-instantly . 
  * specifically , as the report says , `` the aeroplane was struck by a 9n314m warhead as carried on a 9m38-series missile and launched by a buk surface-to-air missile system . '', 
  yeah , sorry if that came across a bit hostile . 
  i 'm afraid nothing about the eu exit process is designed to be fair to the state that leaves : not the politics , not the law , not the economics . 
  forfeiting all the advantages that the eu gives you is inevitably going to make a state leaving the eu worse off . 
  which makes it extremely easy for politicians to demagogue against the eu . 
  i suggest that as long as it is a member state , the uk should follow * european union law * , which is codified in the eu treaties . 
  this includes the rules against state aid . 
  i 'd suggest you would n't want to be known as a state that violates treaties as a matter of course once they 're no longer convenient to you , when you will still have to renegotiate the 60 + trade agreements that you 're a part of as a function of being an eu member . 
  you 're legally totally within your right to block further defense cooperation - that is a political matter . 
  your political choices will also have political consequences . 
  that may not be fair , but those are the consequences of choosing brexit . 
  there is no mechanism for expulsion of member states , only for a suspension of voting rights , but that applies only to member states violating fundamental rights . 
  anyway , my most likely scenario too is that parliament will vote for brexit , except hopefully add to it by setting some clear guidelines for what the negotiations should acccomplish . 
  i 'm afraid too many politic and economic actors have already started behaving as if brexit is going to be a reality , making it very difficult to reverse now even if this ruling makes that theoretically possible . 
  global thermonuclear war , of course . 
  probably some idea of what the government 's goals are in negotiations . 
  the thing is that if parliament only gets to vote once a deal has been reached , that implies the alternative at that point is a ` dirty brexit ' with no agreement whatsoever . 
  that would mean legal and political chaos , so parliament would have no choice but to agree to a deal since any deal would be better than none .
