  in that case , the austerity would have been far harsher and more immediate than anything imposed by the troika , since the greek government would no longer have been able to run deficits as a result of being shut out of the financial markets . 
  and on the subject of possible recovery : if greece had defaulted and left the euro , it would still have been stuck with the same politicians , economy , institutions , * and voters * who made the crisis possible in the first place . 
  i do n't think you can be optimistic about that . 
  but you 're right , we 'll never really know . 
  that 's debatable , and also beside the point . 
  no matter whether the bailouts were an act of charity or were informed by naked self-interest , either way they rescued the greek economy from prompt and utter destruction . 
  they would have been in the absence of a bailout , since their holdings of greek government debt would otherwise have been ( close to ) worthless . 
  a greek default in 2010 would also have wiped out the domestic banking system . 
  that 's correct , but turkish dutchmen are generally exempted from this requirement because turkey makes it exceptionally difficult to relinquish the turkish nationality . 
  for instance , men who would otherwise have been conscripted have to pay a fine to buy off the military service requirement . 
  if giving up another nationality is very costly or causes a hardship it 's not required . 
  10 % of nhs doctors and 4 % of nurses are eu nationals . 
  these people are essentially irreplaceable , since it takes probably close to a decade to properly train a doctor . 
  and that 's assuming people in the uk even want to train . 
  which they do n't , because the salaries are not great in comparison to the tuition fees you have to shell out . 
  the number of nurses coming to britain is already falling by * a lot * , because the message has been clearly sent and received that eu nationals are n't wanted . 
  you ca n't just take your pick of qualified professionals who you allow to immigrate , potential immigrants have to choose to come to you too . 
  and why choose to put yourself at the mercy of a visa system when there are plenty of opportunities elsewhere ? 
  do n't forget the always evil european court of human rights !, 
   of course the question boils down to whether you accept private property as a human right or not . 
  well , no . 
  it boils down to what the limits of those rights are , and how they should be reconciled with other rights . 
  in the presence of externalities , there can be no such thing as an unlimited right to private property because you will always affect other people somehow . 
  so there needs to be a balance between a protection of property and the protection of others . 
  you do n't have the right to a fair treatment because there ca n't be a consensus as to what is fair . 
  why not ? 
  many societies in the past did not really have a concept of private property . 
  and if you will notice , i am also challenging your conception of private property . 
  so there is no consensus there either  . 
  jesus christ , that accusation of being blinded by nationalism you levelled at me has got to be the purest case of projection i 've ever seen . 
  `` private property '' is just as much a social construct as `` human rights '' . 
  there is no reason why it should have an intrinsically higher value than people 's right to fair treatment . 
  allowing people to discriminate in whom they allow as renters has many undesirable side-effects which end up being borne by society . 
  as a result , states have a right to legislate against discrimination to protect the common weal . 
  for my response i 'm just going to quote jonathan israel , [ whose article i linked to in my first reply ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/history-in-the-making-the-glorious-revolution-of-1688-91-was-really-a-dutch-invasion-this-distortion-1565642.html ) :  the real story of the ` glorious revolution ' prompts one to ask why the distortion - that it was an essentially domestic affair - has gone so entirely unchallenged for so long . 
  a simplistic answer might be that you need to read dutch to study william iii and his intervention in britain and that those who research british history normally have no knowledge of that language . 
  in fact , the need to read dutch was not even perceived and , in any case , part of the truth can be glimpsed from a range of british , french and other sources . 
   no , what has happened here seems to be the most glaring example of the harm done by our traditionally insular approach to so-called ` british ' history , which is rarely studied with anything like adequate reference to scotland , ireland and the american colonies , let alone continental europe . 
   the deeply ingrained and undiminished segregation of ` british ' - in reality english - history from european history , which pervades its teaching and study in our schools and universities creates a narrowness of vision that has become a powerfully constricting cultural factor . 
  the basic assumption is that everything important in british history can be explained in terms of british causes . 
  but it is an assumption which , as the story of the glorious revolution and its interpretation shows , is a fallacy . 
   ` the anglo-dutch moment . 
  essays on the glorious revolution and its world impact ' , edited by jonathan israel , was published by the cambridge university press in 1991 what happened was that an army of the dutch republic , with which england had fought no less than three wars in the 40 years before the glorious revolution , ran around england unchecked until the rightful king was deposed , his army defeated by william iii * personally * at the 1690 batttle of the boyne ( seriously , the northern irish protestants remind us all of this battle every year with their orange marches , how can you claim william did n't fight once ? ), 
  , and matters settled to william iii 's satisfaction . 
  sure , william propagandised the living hell out of the invitation he received , but it 's really not such a stretch to interpret this as a forcible deposition of a monarch by a foreign power however you want to call it . 
   ah , the classic ad hominem attack , where would we be without it you are accusing me of being blinded by nationalism , yet you have still not provided any sources of your own . 
  you have given me absolutely no reason to trust your interpretation over that the three professional historians i referred to . 
  but take it to r/badhistory or r/askhistorians if you like . 
  also , i do n't know which davies you 're talking about , but the one i mean was , [ according to his wiki page at least ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_davies ) , born in bolton , and of welsh descent . 
  lol - i 'm citing british historian jonathan israel , and i linked directly to a source in my previous comment . 
  the person i cited on quora lists , among others , british historians lisa jardine and norman davies . 
  i 'm just going to have to assume that you do n't know who any of these people are . 
  so let me introduce you to them : israel wrote , among others , the seminal work on dutch history , while jardine , more recently , [ wrote a book on the era of the glorious revolution ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/books/non_fictionreviews/3672333/when-holland-met-england.html ) which also takes the view that it was an outright invasion . 
  norman davies is another historian with a dozen books to his name , among which a history of the british isles . 
  so you could say that i 'm so little affected by blind nationalism that i 'm prepared to accept the view of british historians of what happened . 
  you on the other hand have not provided any sources at all , so please have the decency to admit that you learned something new about british history today . 
  well i 'm sorry , but i 'll take the interpretation of [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jonathan_israel ) over yours - and the overview of the [ modern historiography listed in the top comment here ] ( https://www.quora.com/is-it-true-that-the-glorious-revolution-of-1688-was-in-fact-a-dutch-invasion-and-occupation-of-great-britain-by-william-of-orange ) seems to agree . 
  you do n't take an army and a massive navy with you if you do n't expect a fight . 
  it 's a piece in the opinion section , not necessarily the editorial view of the guardian . 
  nope , he managed to enter because he brought an army of over 20,000 on a 500-ship navy . 
  [ it really was a dutch invasion ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/history-in-the-making-the-glorious-revolution-of-1688-91-was-really-a-dutch-invasion-this-distortion-1565642.html ) . 
  william iii had to deal with parliament to keep the peace , and because he was more interested in keeping britain protestant and on his side against the sun king than he was in conquest . 
  so he used propaganda about parliament 's `` invitation '' to legitimise his actions . 
  yes , it used to be the case that showing your voter pass was enough . 
  before 2009 , there was no need to show id . 
  apparently [ around 1.4 % of adult dutchmen ] ( http://www.burgemeesters.nl/node/2627 ) do not have a passport and id card ( though some of those have driver ids ) so a number of people did get disenfranchised or turned away from the polls . 
  these days you can vote with an expired id too though so it 's not much of an issue anymore * , but the id requirement to me is still an unnecessary solution to a non-problem . 
  * i heard on the radio though that someone who tried to vote with an expired id actually did mistakenly get turned away though . 
  in addition to polling stations being plentiful , we also have the advantage that voters do not need to register to vote in the election . 
  instead , we have a population register maintained by the municipalities , so everyone gets their ballot pass mailed to their registered home address automatically . 
  unfortunately , the idea that voters also need to show id crossed over from the us to here , otherwise it 'd be even easier . 
   last time it went really quickly , because there were two clear winners with enough seats and ideological compatibility to form a coalition pvda and vvd really were not at all compatible really with regard to ideology . 
  however , they were able to agree fast because rather than finding a way to split the difference on all areas of disagreement , they chose instead to have the vvd get its way in some issue areas and pvda on other . 
  this will be much more difficult when more parties are involved in the coalition negotiations . 
  somebody should make an `` america first , eu second '' video to enlighten the guy ... 
  he has n't actually been named yet , though everyone assumes that he will be . 
  but given the protests on part of the eu and the fact that [ he was caught embellishing his resume ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/09/ted-malloch-claims-cast-doubt-on-his-credibility-says-leading-mep-gianni-pittella ) it 's far from clear that that will actually happen . 
  the uk did n't pay anything towards the assets already built up by the eu ( eec ) when it joined , so this will probably be yet another point of contention . 
  there is however no way for the uk to seize ` its share ' , because it has no direct control over any of the eu 's assets . 
  i suppose it could mount a raid on the eu 's wine cellar though . 
   he 'd be more popular and have an actual chance at being prime minister if he did n't purely depend on being a reactionary and if he actually came with intelligent solutions instead of depending on crass verbal assaults and repeating the same one-liners over and over again like a broken record . 
  i disagree . 
  i think his popularity depends exactly on his crassness and his verbal assaults on the dutch moroccan-background minority , because , to many , it sounds like he 's ` telling it like it is ' . 
  i count congress as being in his corner as long as they refuse to investigate any of the problems with his presidency , particularly the suspected links with russia and the apparent violations of the emoluments clause . 
  and because they happily went along with confirming manifestly unsuitable people like devos . 
  similarly , while the supreme court does n't * always * vote along partisan lines , in politically contentious matters it generally does , e.g. 
  in the rulings in bush v gore , sebelius , heller , hobby lobby , and shelby county . 
  you are probably right that these institutions will not necessarily always go along with what the president wants . 
  a competent and skillful president making good use of his powers should however be able to ( not just the formal ones , either . 
  i have the impression that the president manages to get far more media attention for whatever he does than his predecessor ) . 
  so while i understand where you 're coming from , it seems to me that there really is n't a method behind the madness . 
  the president ( or the people behind him ) certainly know how to manipulate the media . 
  they just do n't seem very competent otherwise and [ have achieved very little ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/02/president-trump-has-done-almost-nothing-214775 ) . 
  the president can however reliably be triggered to respond to criticisms of him in the media , or to parrot talking points he 's picked up from tv . 
  and three months after the elections , he should probably stop obsessing about his victory margin . 
  he gives a red herring to the liberals , lets them fight with an imaginary policy , and then can dial-back to a more reasonable `` extreme vetting '' policy for immigration he 's the president . 
  he 's got congress behind him . 
  he will likely be able to get a republican majority in the supreme court . 
  it would be entirely possible , probably even easy , for any remotely competent and sane president to translate these advantages into whatever immigration policy he/she could want . 
  instead , he settled on something that disrupted people 's lives for no good reason whatsoever , showed the usa to be entirely untrustworthy and discriminating , caused lots of chaos , anger , and protest , and ultimately got smacked down badly in every court challenge against it .
