  this condition does not exist for malta or lithuania . 
  you 're right , i apologize for using the term ` crazy ' . 
  i still think you 're wrong though . 
  this is for a number of reasons . 
  - first , the imf does gdp growth forecasts for pretty much every country in the world , and they do so every year , and these numbers are publicized . 
  so why undercut your own credibility ? 
  - second , the imf growth forecast is not actually out of line with any of the other predictions ( oecd says cumulative 2.8 % growth this year and the next , as do the british chambers of commerce ( [ source ] ( http://www.britishchambers.org.uk/press-office/press-releases/bcc-uk-growth-forecasts-downgraded-as-uncertainty-hits-investment.html ) ) . 
  - third , the imf is not involved in any way in the brexit fight , it wo n't have to make any decisions on bailing out any of the participants . 
  - also , the gdp growth figure is not at all relevant for anything when it comes to the brexit negotiations . 
  - finally , there is a distinction between the research the imf publishes and the decisions it makes . 
  the * decisions * it makes may very well be subject to political pressure , as the internal report admits . 
  these decisions , as the report also says , may be based on growth projections that were overly optimistic , and which did not properly take into account the effects of fiscal austerity . 
  they may also have been based on * selective use * by the executive board of the technical analysis provided by its own staff . 
  however , these decisions are in my view not relevant to the quality of the research and data the imf provides , especially since the imf as an organization has turned out to have the willingness to question its own decisions . 
  which is of course shown by the publication of its own self-assessment . 
  in conclusion , uk economic growth has slowed down and will in all likelihood slow down further . 
  now it 's nice that the uk is still growing fastest out of any of the g7 countries , but that is not at all a relevant comparision to anything . 
  the relevant comparison is to the counterfactual of brexit not happening . 
  and that 's not looking good : last year newspapers were writing about the boe having to raise rates to tamp down on inflation caused by the high rate of growth , now growth is falling and the boe is almost out of ammunition . 
  malta 's and lithuania 's relevance : get a vote on brexit agreement , have veto on any post-brexit uk-eu trade agreement . 
  are you now suggesting that the imf is biased in their gdp forecasts for the uk because they 're pro-eu ?? 
  because that would be kind of crazy . 
  last year , the british chambers of commerce [ predicted growth rates of 2.7 % this year and in 2017 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-35048669 ) . 
  [ the cbi predicted 2.6 and 2.4 % ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-britain-economy-idukkcn0sy00f20151109 ) . 
  so now according to the imf you 're looking at cumulative growth of 2.9 % over this year and the next instead of 5-5 .4 % . 
  this really is n't good news - it means instead that gdp growth will be 2.5 % lower than expected over 2016 and 2017 . 
  and that 's after the bank of england already cut interest rates to historic lows and expanded qe , so there 's little room for further stimulus . 
   we ca n't . 
  our government ( s ) have so many debts that it 's impossible to pay the debs back within the next 30 years . 
  and you 're really asking for more debts ? 
  making debts actually makes any government less powerful . 
  governments do not actually need to pay back their debts , they can just roll them over ( i.e. 
  repay old debt by issuing new debt ) . 
  most of the time , it 's actually a rather bad idea for governments to pay down their debt , provided that the economy is doing sufficiently well to keep up on the debt service / interest payments . 
  the german federal government is not even running a deficit at the moment , it can most definitely afford to borrow more money and spend it on projects with a sufficiently high social rate of return . 
  and there are plenty of them still in germany . 
  the goal is not to reduce exports , but to reduce net exports . 
  this goal can also be accomplished by increased imports . 
  your government could promote imports by raising domestic demand , for instance by spending far more money on investment and/or lowering taxes . 
  it could also lean on union and employer confederations and ask them to make some room for wage increases . 
  none of this is rocket science , and all of this is what the eu has been calling for for years , and your government has mostly been ignoring . 
  irish gdp figures ludicrously overstate their actual national income , due to the presence of all the tax shelter branch offices . 
  on a gnp per capita basis ( adjusted for ppp ) , income per head for the dutch is 18 % higher , and there are more than three times as many dutchmen as there are irish . 
  as a result , even on a nominal gdp basis dutch gdp is three times as big as the irish one ( all figures from wiki ) . 
  additionally , the irish suffered a far bigger fall in income than the dutch since the crisis , and have historically been poorer than the dutch too . 
  this makes it easier for ireland to have comparatively higher growth rates , since it starts from a lower level . 
  take a look at the grants soros gives ; none of them are remotely about ` shaping nations ' policies ' - they 're all about empowering citizens , helping them organize , promoting free media , defending minorities and the like . 
  soros is more about creating and defending a pluralist society , not about defending the interests of the 1 % . 
  he 's not a flawless guy but the people and groups attacking him are almost uniformly terrible . 
  well , as his [ foundation 's website ] ( https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/about/history ) says : `` the open society foundations began in 1979 when george soros decided he had enough money '' ( in fact it 's kind of funny if you look at the grants page that all these grants that were ` leaked ' are exactly of the type you 'd expect if you 'd read about his foundation 's mission and objectives ) . 
  he is n't involved in ` lefty politics ' - pretty much everything he does is focused on promoting the creation of civil society and spreading democracy , which is something he 's been doing since the fall of communism . 
  as a result , ` illiberal ' leaders like putin and orb\u00e1n hate him . 
  everyone invoking soros as some sort of nefarious influence is in fact either an antisemite to some degree or someone gullible enough to fall for conspiracy theories . 
  he 's questioning turkey 's reliability/trustworthiness as an ally against isil , not its ` viability ' ( these remarks were walked back after the interview ) . 
  i did n't know understatement was a french virtue too - the post title is horribly unfair . 
  being an eu member has all sorts of advantages . 
  by leaving , you 're no longer automatically entitled to those advantages , and you 'll be worse off . 
  that 's not the eu punishing you , that 's shooting yourself in the foot . 
   now , i understand the argument that rights come with responsibilities , the four pillars of the single market , etc. 
  but what i do n't think is being addressed by eu leaders is why a deal for the uk which would restrict freedom of movement but also have single access to the market would be seen as an attractive deal by other european nations and why this would in be `` lethal for the eu '' . 
  it 's lethal because noone should get to renegotiate their relationship to the eu by threatening to leave it - not just the uk , but anyone can play that game . 
  immigration is a touchy subject everywhere , and there 's always some election somewhere . 
  the eu simply could n't function as an organization if you allowed that . 
  joke 's on you , since an economic crisis in your largest trading partner will hurt you whether you 're part of the eu or not . 
  also , your government has been even more stupid and pigheaded about implementing needless and destructive austerity than its continental counterparts - it did n't even have the excuse of being forced to abide by emu rules . 
  but that 's what you get for trusting in a lush like farage . 
  the house of orange really likes william as a first name ; there have been five williams of orange who were * stadhouders * of the dutch republic , and three kings of the netherlands called william . 
  but when talking about plain ` william of orange ' , dutch people will always understand that to refer to william the silent , founding father of the independent netherlands ( or specifically , the republic of seven united provinces ) , and the first prince of orange to become dutch * stadhouder * . 
  ah no , that would be * king william iii of the netherlands * :d , who ruled ( or rather , was the constitutional monarch of ) our country from 1849-1890 . 
  he may have been ` crazy ' , or mentally ill , or maybe he was just an unbelievable asshole . 
  in any case , the opposition nicknamed him ` king gorilla ' . 
  the william iii i 'm talking about was the third william to be * stadhouder * of the dutch republic and became king of england . 
  he essentially gained supreme power in the dutch republic as a byproduct of the murders of the brothers de witt ( whcih he certainly did not try to prevent ) , does not seem to have been a pleasant human being , but as far as i 'm aware , nobody thought he was crazy . 
  the historian [ jonathan israel disagrees ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/history-in-the-making-the-glorious-revolution-of-1688-91-was-really-a-dutch-invasion-this-distortion-1565642.html ) . 
  what he says is that the idea that the invasion would be welcome was part of a clever propaganda campaign , and that  when william entered london , however , in december 1688 , the prince of orange was without doubt master of england . 
  parliament , far from being in a strong position , was extremely weak , and the prince in effect controlled england 's administration and finances even before james ii was formally ` dethroned ' . 
  he was also strong enough to send large numbers of english troops to fight the french in the low countries . 
  later concessions to parliament were necessary to retain control , but then gaining long-term control over england was not the primary point of the whole enterprise ; that was to keep england on the dutch side against the french . 
  oh , i do n't object to the choice of william the silent ( who is by far the most obvious and best choice ) , just pushing back against the notion that the other oranges were unremarkable . 
  also , the decline of the republic did n't start as a result of the glorious revolution , but was already underway ; the republic was busy losing its near-monopoly on naval trade as a result of the english wars , french mercantilism , other states catching up in technology , as well as the ruinous cost of the wars ; both in terms of raising armies as well as all the merchant ships lost to enemy action . 
  the glorious revolution simply ensured that the french did n't gain an ally across the channel , but made england a dutch ally instead , and as such helped saveguard dutch independence for another century . 
  try william iii : saved our country from extinction in the ` disaster year ' 1672 , prevented the sun king from overrunning europe , and overthrew the english king in the glorious ~ ~ conquest of britain ~ ~ revolution . 
  yeah , finally someone let me out of my cage, 
  [ know your meme ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/navy-seal-copypasta ) . 
  [ she dropped that plan this week ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/4qkwln/theresa_may_abandons_plans_to_have_britain/ ) , though it does not seem wise to trust a politician who would propose that in the first place . 
  [ this one seems particularly useful for our british friends ] ( http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/how-the-european-union-works-pbna0414810/?catalogcategoryid=sciep2owkgkaaae.xjhtlxjz ) , particularly in the light of [ this ] ( http://www.voxeurop.eu/en/content/news-brief/5099205-map-showing-how-knowledgeable-europeans-are-about-eu ) . 
  however , afaict remaining an eea member implies accepting free movement , which as i gather is a no-no for the leave camp . 
  no worries , this stuff is really confusing and i should have been a bit more precise in my phrasing . 
  that 's not actually correct - you 're an eea member if you 're either an efta member or an eu member , and the uk left efta when it became a member of the eec/eu . 
  so when the uk leaves the eu it will first have to negotiate efta membership again , or a separate arrangement . 
  no veto is possible for the withdrawal agreement . 
  however , the trading agreement comes after the withdrawal agreement , and will likely be a ` mixed agreement ' under eu law ( since it involves free movement ) requiring unanimous approval ( [ source ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/how-eu-works-leaving-eu/ ) ) . 
  the mistake here is thinking of the eu as a single entity with a single economy . 
  in actual fact though germany and the netherlands account for close to half of total eu exports to the uk , while other member states are much less involved . 
  however , when it comes to negotiations on the post-brexit settlement , * every member state * has a veto . 
  so i 'm not saying there wo n't be an agreement , but that the terms will be worse for the uk than for the eu , because the eu holds the whip hand . 
  1 ) it 's the point of view of the trade commissioner , i.e. 
  the person whose job it is to know . 
  2 ) uk exports to the eu make up a larger percentage of its gdp than eu exports to the uk . 
  in relative terms , the eu is far more important to the uk economy than vice versa ( which is no surprise , given that it is four times as large ) .
