  that is complete nonsense ; the eu neither has the legal competences or the capacity to do so . 
  the eu does n't guard the borders , the member states have the ultimate responsibility for that . 
  the eu can only help a bit via frontex . 
  also , the eu has no police force or immigration service ; again , member states deport people who they determine lack the right to stay , it 's not an eu matter . 
  and even where member states do want to deport people , they still have an obligation to respect fundamental rights . 
  worth noting that , as the article points out , his is n't all brexit 's fault ; the problems with comparatively low business investment and investment in infrastructure were longstanding , as well as the poor job done by the government as well as business in training / ` upskilling ' the labour force ( particularly for those who do n't go to university ) . 
  poor productivity is the result of that . 
  with the effect of brexit hitting and last year 's stimulus by the bank of england wearing off , all of this is only going to be more apparent . 
  i was just making a bad joke about how americans are fat and how that is bad , quite apart from the possible presence of carcinogens in their food , but never mind . 
  [ nevertheless , there really does seem to be something wrong with what is in american food ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2015/09/why-it-was-easier-to-be-skinny-in-the-1980s/407974/ ) . 
  flowers are a product of land cultivation ; conceivably , farmers could plant different crops on the land instead of flowers . 
  they would n't though , because the soil in the flower-producing region of the nl is uniquely well suited to growing flowers . 
  anyway , [ per this list ] ( http://www.worldatlas.com/articles/the-american-food-giant-the-largest-exporter-of-food-in-the-world.html ) , you could subtract the 10 % consisting of flower exports from total dutch agricultural exports and we 'd still be the 3rrd biggest ag exporter in the world . 
  given how much the average american weighs these days , that 's probably sound advice . 
  the government 's goal is to provoke other countries into a ( over - ) reaction , and then claim the mantle of victimhood when they criticise it , turning the conflict into a nationalist us vs. them fight . 
  this solidifies domestic support , since the government 's domestic political opponents are not going to win any votes by taking the side of the foreign governments . 
  this trick works basically everywhere , and it 's much the same as what orb\u00e1n and erdogan are doing . 
  well , whatever the definition ( and your definition is really silly ) , flowers , as it turns out , comprise [ only ~ 10 % of dutch agricultural exports ] ( https://www.government.nl/latest/news/2017/01/20/agri-food-exports-achieve-record-high-in-2016 ), 
  flowers are an agricultural product too , you know . 
  putting words in people 's mouth , twisting them , misleading is the very essence of propaganda , so yes , it is absolutely able to . 
  obvious kremlin propaganda is obvious . 
  i was just reading svetlana alexievich 's [ `` secondhand time : the last of the soviets '' ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/25/books/review-in-secondhand-time-voices-from-a-lost-russia.html ) , which this could very well be the photo insert to . 
  it 's basically the stories of the people from that time , from elderly ardent communists to dissidents or people just trying to get by . 
  the sense of loss and missed opportunities is almost universal though . 
  highly recommended ( alexievich won the nobel prize in literature for her work ) . 
  we also export a lot of grain though . 
  [ this dutch link says 790,000 tons of grain in 2011 ] ( http://www.boerenbusiness.nl/granenmarkt/artikel/10817355/graanexport-eu-neemt-25-procent-toe ) , which to my inexpert ears sounds like more than enough to feed the dutch population if necessary , though maybe we need it for our livestock more than for our population . 
  i assume that the surplus grain we import is processed here into other foodstuffs and exported again . 
  i also do n't know where we stand but then , thank goodness , we 're not about to leave the eu and turn food production into a problem . 
  the netherlands is the second biggest exporter of agri-food products in the world , and we have a lot less space than the uk does . 
  good for london . 
  however , looking at [ this bank 's website ] ( http://ionpacific.com/about/ ) , this firm has existed only since 2015 , has completed a total of 2 ( two ) transactions ( one of which was originated at the founders ' original firm ) , and the page showing its team lists a grand total of 17 employees . 
  this does pale a bit in comparison to the story [ linked at the bottom of the article ] ( http://www.cityam.com/267169/banking-brexodus-one-year-banks-have-said-brexit-and-job ) , which that by a quick-and-dirty calculation london stands to lose somewhere between 3,000 and 13,000 jobs at the big banks . 
  [ here 's a nice collection of people who would have something to say about that ] ( https://twitter.com/italiancomments ) . 
   georgiou probably thought that the rest of elstat board would try and delay or block his report so he tried to override them that is likely , given that his colleague hacked his personal emails soon after his arrival ( and never was convicted for that ) . 
  anyway , to me , the greek prosecutor 's insistence on enforcing `` the rules '' , which are sometimes enforced and sometimes not , and which are frequently unclear , and carry entirely arbitrary punishments , smacks more of putinist russia than anything . 
  anyway , this case raises difficult questions about how the european commission should intervene , because the politicisation of the jusitce system likely is n't limited to this case . 
  see for instance this story : [ the union of judges and prosecutors , in a harsh announcement issued on sunday , accused the government of `` systematically attempting the complete subjugation and manipulation of justice , so that it operates not as an independent power but as a government mechanism . '' ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2017/07/23/judges-and-prosecutors-accuse-government-of-seeking-to-manipulate-justice/ ) for greece to have a bright future , it needs both good statistics and an honest justice system , regardless of which ` party ' ends up in charge . 
  that 's why this story is so bad . 
  so what are you saying , that by bringing up greek statistics to eurostat standards georgiou was helping the supposed enemies of greece ? 
  because that 's not how any of this works . 
  like i said in another post , public officials who allegedly violate some procedural rule normally do n't get sentenced to years long prison sentences . 
  particularly not when there are plenty other people who could be investigated and/or prosecuted , such as the people who produced greece 's falsified statistics before 2010 , or the many people on the lagarde list who seem to have gotten off scot-free so far . 
  the greek prosecutor made a deliberate to choice to go after georgiou , and the fact that this not the first , but the 3rd or 4th case brought against him means that i do not think this is in good faith . 
  this has been going on for a while now , see for instance [ this article from der spiegel from 2013 ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/chief-greek-statistician-charged-for-revealing-true-size-of-debt-a-882942.html ) . 
  [ you 're not the only one !, 
  ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/united-kingdom-brexit-eu-david-davis-the-uks-secret-brexit-strategy-so-stealth-even-the-british-cant-see-it/ ) but sometimes what appears to be a confused mess really is a confused mess . 
  i find your opinion polarizing and am as such reporting you to the police / s. 
  georgiou 's job was to produce good and reliable numbers , and outside greece everyone thinks he did . 
  just to be clear , i think the prosecutions of georgiou are a total perversion of justice and i have no idea why the article is labelled with `` bad title '' . 
  this is the third or fourth prosecution started against georgiou ? 
  he was prosecuted , amongst others , for 1 ) inflating the deficit figures so as to force greece into the bailout when the bailout had already been agreed when he started work . 
  2 ) ` slandering ' greece by pointing out exactly how big the deficit was ( i.e. 
  doing his job ) 3 ) remaining employed by the imf in his first few months when he had been put on leave there and remained employed only for the health insurance , 4 ) not informing his fellow board members enough when his colleague had actually hacked into his emails and somehow got acquitted for doing that ` because it was in the national interest ' charges against georgiou were repeatedly dropped and repeatedly brought back alive , and this has been going on for at least five years . 
  you do n't sentence civil servants to prison for failure to follow proper procedure . 
  what 's really going on is that a large segment of greece 's political class is heavily invested in the notion that greece was entirely blameless for the bailouts and the collapse of its economy , and so anyone pointing out otherwise stands in the way of that narrative . 
  [ background story from the wsj ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/ ( s ( rnrsydaynixa5x55oiibxm45 ) ) / story/greeces-response-to - its-resurgent-debt-crisis-prosecute-the-statistician-2017-02-06 ? pagenumber = 1 ), 
   are you telling me that germany and malta will have the the same number of `` allies '' in the council ? 
  the only wat to give to everyone the same power is to work by consensus ( = giving veto power to everyone ) . 
  this is , in fact , how the eu works in the vast majority of cases ; even where decisions can formally be taken through qualified majority voting in the council , the ministers will usually go for a consensus choice . 
  what was newsworthy about the refugee-sharing deal was really that it was basically the first time a qualified majority in the council explicitly overrode the wishes of the minority on a politically sensitive subject . 
  but the establishment of the ema in particular is probably worth tens of millions of euros in extra tax revenues to whichever member state gets to host it , * indefinitely * . 
  so there 's a lot of stake here , and no reason for any of the other member states to roll over and play dead for germany and france . 
  if it was already a done deal , the other member states would n't invest so much in preparing their bids . 
   well , there is . 
  if they start a war on that it will be on the news every time we 'll talk about brexit . 
  if it was just division of the spoils they could have done that after the end of the negotiations , maybe letting the people in ema and eba decide . 
  they absolutely could n't , because other things being equal , the uk will leave the eu in march 2019 and will no longer be entitled to host any eu agencies , because these agencies need to be subject to eu law . 
  so the transfer to another member state has to be decided and executed before then . 
  also , the eu member states disagree about stuff all the time . 
  the fight for the agencies is small potatoes compared to the fights over the state of democracy in poland and hungary for instance , or the sharing of the burden of receiving refugees . 
  there is no need for unity in the brexit negotiations * because the eu has already adopted a unified negotiation mandate * which barnier is now negotiating under . 
  so the brexit negotiations will take care of themselves until some sort of agreement is reached and has to be approved , and by that time the decision on the eba and ema will long have been taken . 
   the voting procedure is so complicated exactly to make it very hard for minor countries to form a majority on its city if everyone has an equal number of votes , then it 's hard for everyone to get a majority for their candidate city . 
  there 's no connection to ` the eu 's credibility ' in connection with brexit here ; it 's just a standard-issue eu foodfight about the division of the spoils ( besides , the eu does n't need credibility for brexit when the uk government is doing a very fine job of running the brexit train off the tracks on its own ) . 
   that 's the agreement between merkel and macron , the juncker commission will obey . 
  i take it you have n't read the full article ? 
  the commission will only make a recommendation on the bids ; the decision on where the agencies will go is made by the council in a multi-stage procedure where every member state has an equal number of votes . 
  in other words , merkel and macron have to force the other member states to go along with this rumoured plan , not juncker . 
  on the other hand , brexit might end up so bad that the price of the pound is going to fall by more than enough to compensate . 
  i believe his analysis was that farage was so toxic that having him be the face of the leave campaign would guarantee its failure . 
  in other words , it was exceptionally disingenuous . 
  same difference . 
  oh no , i 'm an idiot too . 
  i did n't mention the bus . 
  i mentioned an argument made by the leave campaign . 
  i did n't put anything on that bus , vote leave did . 
  and it 's the vote leave director who is convinced that that slogan was crucial to winning the vote . 
  maybe the problem is that people like you do n't want to be reminded that it was a massive lie . 
   sure it is , but that 's not at all what we were discussing , was it ? 
  well , it was certainly what * i * was discussing !, 
  the british public have been fed a whole lot of nonsense over the last year with people talking about `` access '' to the single market , and having your cake and eating it . 
  but now is the point at which they have to translate that into reality and bargain for just how much access they want and how much they are prepared to give up to get it ( e.g. 
  eu/uk citizens ' rights abroad , jurisdiction of the ecj , money etc. ) . 
  and here there 's a civil war going on in the british government and labour does n't know what it wants either . 
  so it is still totally unclear what britain wants out of the negotiations . 
   all i was saying is that it seemed clear to me from the beginning that brexit would mean leaving the single market and the customs union . 
  clear to you , perhaps , but let 's not overestimate the attention span and knowledgeability , of the average voter here , not even to mention the way all this was discussed in the media or all the misleading ways the campaigns made their case ( although i obviously think that vote leave was a lot worse than remain ) . 
  effective in the sense that it was literally necessary to win . 
  if you wo n't take my word for it , [ take that of cummings  ( https://dominiccummings.com/2017/01/09/on-the-referendum-21-branching-histories-of-the-2016-referendum-and-the-frogs-before-the-storm-2/ )  the office implemented the winning message in ~ 125 million leaflets and nearly a billion targeted digital adverts regardless of all complaints .
